Microsoft Research had been working on Virtual WiFi feature set for inclusion in Windows 7 , but something got lost along the road to release day , and the functionality never officially made it into the OS .
Virtual Wi-Fi was crafted in Microsoft ’s research group as a way to “ virtualize ” one wireless card as several separate adapters .
Life to the rescue , folks at Nomadio exploited the half - done feature into a full fledged functioning application .
It ’s called Connectify , a free application from the company that effectively turns any Windows 7 computer into a virtual WiFi hotspot — letting users wirelessly tether a number of devices to a laptop at location where only an Ethernet jack is available , or even tether a number of laptops together at a coffee shop that chargers for WiFi .
Connectify lets a Windows 7 laptop “ tether ” other wireless devices to a single Internet connection by effectively turning that PC into a software - based wireless router .
Note :
This is not an Ad- hoc connection , rather a full fledged Wifi Hotspot
You can use Windows 7 laptop as a wireless access point for iPhone , for example , and to provide a wireless connection to multiple PCs when only one Ethernet jack was available .
Another example , people can use a wireless printer without any setup , which usually requires that you first plug the [ wireless ] printer into the computer with a USB cable so it can select the network .
Windows 7 is required on the notebook acting as a wireless hotspot , but any wireless - equipped device , including PCs running Windows XP or Vista , or even Mac laptops , can reach the Web through Connectify without any additional software .
Connectify also encrypts the traffic to and from the software “ hot spot ” using WPA2 - Personal ( AES ) encryption .
The beta of Connectify can be downloaded from Nomadio ’s Web site .
Here is the link : Download
P.S. Apple‘s Mac OS
X already offers a similar feature under the “ Internet Sharing ” preferences setting .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
This is far too precious to hide away in a comment on an open thread .
In her first trip to the region , the former Alaska governor , Sarah Palin addressed an annual conference of investors in Hong Kong in what was billed as a wide - ranging talk about governance , economics and U.S. and Asian affairs .
The Zoo ’s regular contributor and guest - blogger 5thstate has issued a transcript of the speech as it could have been .
As no journalists were allowed in at that event , we will have to take 5thstate at his word , you betcha !
Hi-ya ( wink ) .
It ’s really great to be here in this great nation of Hong Kong with all you patriotic Kongans to tell ya about governance , economics and U.S. and the Asian affairs also .
Ya kno Todd is part Eskimo so he ’s just like ya , except he ’s a much better driver .
I ’m going to call it like I see it and I will share with you candidly a view right from Main Street , Main Street U.S.A. , from where you can see those pesky Russians from and how perhaps my view of Main Street , how that affects you and your business , because as Governor of Alaska government interference got us into this mess in the first place in the respect that proud Alaskans like me are n’t interested in government fixes , we ’re interested in freedom and the Reaganomics also and those things that Margaret Thatcher did in the Kingdom of Britain as well so now 10 months later , though , a lot of Americans are asking : more government ?
Is that the change we want ?
Because that fella said some nebulous utopian sounding things with his health care reforms and death panels that infringe on private enterprise that real Americans are n’t comfortable with and it ’s also like the Uighurs and the Han goin ’ at - it but ya know ya just do n’t seem to have any mechanisms to deal with regional ethnic issues and maybe you should get some of those ethnic mechanics also , too , don’tcha think ?
So that ’s a business opportunity that can affect you in this great state of Asia without government interference interfering with your governance and freedom like I ’ve been fighting for in the great state of Alaska also in that respect because it is in the interest of our safety for China to work out its contradictions and ya know we hope for china to rise responsibly because that fella in the White House over there is cutting the defense budget whilst I ’ve seen Russia beef up when I go jogging and I bet you ’ve seen China doing the same thing because its got to be about jobs also and if it were n’t for America ’s commitment to security in this region your economic prosperity would n’t be on account of those missiles pointed at Taiwan and we do n’t want a one - nation Asia do we ?
But I ’m glad the press is n’t here makin ’ things - up , like I ’m trying to burnish my foreign policy credentials , because I ’m just here to benefit my knowledge base and defray some legal bills , you betcha .
Mike Adams
Natural News
December 16 , 2009
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today stands accused of taking part in the kidnapping and illegal extradition of a permanent resident of Ecuador , in violation of both international law and Ecuadorian law .
Greg Caton .
Greg Caton , owner and operator of Alpha Omega Labs ( www.AltCancer.com), an herbal products company that sells anti-cancer herbal remedies made with Ecuadorian medicinal herbs , was arrested at gunpoint at a road checkpoint in Ecuador , then transported to an Ecuadorian holding facility to await a hearing on December 14 , 2009 .
Caton was expected to be set free by the Ecuadorian judge at that hearing based on the facts of the case which indicated Caton ’s permanent residency in Ecuador is legal and valid .
Three days before the hearing could take place , Caton was taken from his holding facility and , with the help of U.S. State Department employees , involuntarily placed on an American Airlines plane headed for Miami .
An Ecuadorian judge rushed to the airport in Guayaquil and demanded that Caton be released from the plane , stating that the attempted deportation was illegal , but American Airlines employees reportedly refused to allow Caton to leave the plane , stating that the plane was “ U.S. territory ” and that Ecuadorian law did not apply there ( even though the plane was still on the tarmac in Guayaquil and under the direction of the air traffic control tower there ) .
The plane then departed Guayaquil and continued its flight to Miami where Greg Caton was held in a federal detention facility to await trial in the U.S .
[ efoods ]
His crimes ?
Selling herbal medicine and daring to tell the truth about those medicines on his website .
By the way , you can listen to my exclusive interview with Cathryn Caton , who details these events in a downloadable MP3 audio file .
Find the file here : http://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Po…
FDA vs. Greg Caton
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has , for many years , pursued Caton , accusing him of selling “ unapproved drugs ” — herbal medicines that have never been , and will never be , approved by the FDA to treat anything .
He was convicted of these crimes in 2003 and served 33 months in federal prison .
After serving his term , Caton was on probation for another three years .
As Greg Caton ’s wife explained to me in an exclusive interview , eighteen months into that probation , Caton received word that a “ rogue FDA agent ” named John Armand was intimidating his ex-employees in an attempt to convince them to testify against Caton in order to have him convicted of further charges that would lead to more prison time .
After submitting a request to his presiding judge to ask that the remainder of his probation be excused , Caton moved to Ecuador and acquired permanent residency there , in part to escape persecution by what he saw as a rogue FDA agent violating the law in an effort to see Caton prosecuted yet again .
As you ’ll see below , this fear was not unfounded .
Selling anti-cancer herbs is no crime in Ecuador
In Ecuador , by the way , selling herbs and accurately describing their medicinal properties is not a crime .
It ’s common sense .
Every pharmacy , health food store , shaman and medicine man openly talks about the anti-cancer properties of various herbs .
No one goes to prison for selling medicinal herbs in Ecuador — the very idea seems silly .
Why would any nation want to lock up its healers ?
So the “ crimes ” for which Caton was convicted in the USA are n’t even considered crimes in more medicinally enlightened countries such as Ecuador .
There , people like Caton are considered valuable members of society .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Just a few months ago , President Obama was fruitlessly beseeching his Nato allies to show greater commitment to the Afghan mission .
Now , it seems , his own commitment is wavering .
It is easy to see why .
The fraudulent re-election campaign of President Hamid Karzai has helped accentuate public and political resistance to the war in the US .
But the President 's wobble will lead many in the alliance to conclude that they are right not to pull their weight .
It will also embolden the Taliban and its al - Qaeda allies , for the President 's words will be taken across the region – rightly or wrongly – as a precursor to the scaling - back of America 's commitment to the war .
This is a potentially disastrous turn of events .
Following on from last week 's decision to scrap the missile defence shield in eastern Europe , it adds to the impression that Mr Obama is struggling to cope with the complexities of foreign affairs .
This week he will address the UN General Assembly and chair a meeting of the Security Council .
He must take the opportunity to clarify his war aims in Afghanistan – and dispel the dangerous confusion he has so carelessly created .
Earlier this week , wrestling legend and actor " Captain " Lou Albano passed away at the age of 76 .
In the late ' 80s , Albano portrayed Nintendo's Mario on the short - lived television series The Super Mario Bros. Super Show !.
During a roundtable discussion with Mario 's creator , Shigeru Miyamoto , former Newsweek tech / videogame writer N'Gai Croal took the opportunity to ask the legendary game designer the question that was on everyone 's mind .
" Where were you when you heard that Captain Lou Albano passed away , and what was your reaction ? "
While for most of the night , Miyamoto appeared to have a pretty firm grasp of the English language ( he was able to respond , in Japanese , to most questions directed at him in English without a translator ) , Nintendo's Bill Trinen stepped in for this one .
As Trinen translated the question for a silent and nodding Miyamoto , the room fell silent .
After what seemed like five minutes , Miyamoto finally spoke , and Trinen translated to the room .
" You 're the one who just told me , " was the response .
Along with the above mentioned also name in credits as contributor .
Less
Fedora 12 to remove unprivileged package installation
From : " Paul W. Frields " < stickster - AT- gmail.com >
To : fedora - announce - list - AT-redhat.com Subject : PackageKit change Date : Thu , 19 Nov 2009 21:52:38 - 0500 Message -ID : <20091120025238.GJ29686@victoria.internal.frields.org >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1
The Fedora 12 release contained changes in the default PackageKit behavior that allow installation of packages by users in cases where : * the user is logged in on the local console , and * is installing packages signed with a previously trusted key , and * is using a previously configured and trusted repository
After more discussion and thought , though , the package maintainers have posted to the fedora - devel - list mailing list agreeing to provide an update to Fedora 12's Package Kit .
The update will require local console users to enter the root password to install new software packages .
Details on the changes are found here : https://www.redhat.com/archives/fedora-devel-list/2009-No... - -- Paul W. Frields http://paul.frields.org/ gpg fingerprint : 3DA6 A0 AC 6D58 FEC4 0233 5906 ACDB C937 BD11 3717 http://redhat.com/
- - - - http://pfrields.fedorapeople.org/ irc.freenode.net : stickster @ # fedora - docs , # fedora - devel , # fredlug -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.10 ( GNU / Linux ) iD8DBQFLBgR2rNvJN70RNxcRAgUBAKCGi4o7oGzaXnK+jO6CrAehB9ZM6QCfdHrg mOKO0W1loVJWbo8GMYBtRJI=
=x5 vQ -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- -- fedora - announce - list mailing list fedora-announce-list@redhat.com
https://www.redhat.com/mailman/listinfo/fedora-announce-list
“ Majority Leader Harry Reid says health care legislation headed to the Senate floor will include an option for government - run insurance , ” the Associated Press reports .
“ Reid says states will have the prerogative of opting out of the program if they choose . ”
FULL AP STORY AT THIS LINK
“ I believe that a public option can achieve the goal of bringing meaningful reform to our broken system , ” said the senator , who pointed to polls showing robust public support for giving the US government a wider health care role .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It will protect consumers , keep insurers honest and ensure competition .
And that ’s why we intend to include it in the bill that will be submitted to the Senate , ” said Reid .
The announcement came after a months - long blitz by Obama ’s Republican foes against the public option , which has also drawn concern from swing - vote Democrats .
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast Oct. 26 , 2009 .
Original story follows :
DEVELOPING : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is expected to announce his support for a public health option to be included in the Senate ’s health care bill , sources tell Bloomberg news service .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Nevada Democrat is scheduled to hold a press conference at 3:15 pm ET on Monday , where he will reportedly make the declaration .
Several news sources are reporting that Reid will announce his support for an opt - out clause that will allow individual states to reject the public option .
The move marks one of the most significant steps forward for advocates of a public health care option .
The majority leader ’s position is considered vital in setting the tone in debating Senate legislation .
“ A highly placed source suggests that Reid ’s preference remains to include a public option with an opt out clause , despite the fact that the White House is skeptical that this is the most politically viable strategy , ” reports Brian Beutler at TalkingPointsMemo .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that Senate Democratic leaders are finalizing the health bill they will bring to the Senate floor within days .
The newspaper also reports that a public option with an opt - out clause will be included in the legislation .
( with AFP report )
The " NoSQL " Discussion has Nothing to Do With SQL : how document and key - value databases sacrifice integrity guarantees for performance and why they do n't perform much better then newer relational databases that provide such guarantees .
( news.yc , reddit )
WorldWatch
First appeared in print in The Rhinoceros Times , Greensboro , NC
By Orson Scott Card September 20 , 2009
I 'm Back
People have been asking me why I have n't written a WorldWatch or a Civilization Watch in nine months .
At first it was because I wanted to give Obama a chance to show us who he is .
I even hoped that maybe his pose as a middle - of - the - road bring - us - together candidate was actually true .
Now he 's shown us that he 's a radical leftist at heart and all his promises -- every one of them -- were lies .
But he 's still relatively harmless domestically because he 's such an incompetent leader , unable to hold his course or persuade even his followers .
With ObamaCare on the ropes , his mischief is limited to not prosecuting his criminal friends ( like the Black Panthers who openly intimidated voters in Philadelphia ) , appointing idiots to new offices that he invented so they would n't have to withstand congressional scrutiny , and completely botching American foreign policy .
I never thought I 'd live to see the day , but Hillary Clinton is actually looking good as Secretary of State .
At least she could go to a hellhole of corruption and fanaticism like Nigeria and speak truth to power .
Obama can't even keep a promise to the newly - freed countries of Eastern Europe to protect them from missile attacks .
Nor could he keep his promise to remain committed to victory in Afghanistan -- a war we could win , but not if Obama caves in to pressure from the stupidest wing of the Democratic Party .
Obama has now broken promise after promise and told lie after lie .
Yet our leftist media give him a pass every time .
Meanwhile , I still remember that President Bush was called a liar constantly , even though -- and I 'm willing to stand by this -- he was never found to have told a lie in his entire presidency .
( Remember , a lie is when you knowingly make a false statement , not when you simply turn out to be wrong about something that you believed to be true . )
So I flip back and forth between regarding Obama as the new Warren G. Harding -- a man chosen as his party 's candidate for president because he looked like a president , and who then governed with such incompetence that the only thing that saved his presidency was getting sick and dying in office -- and dreading him as the leader of the fanatical Left , a group with no regard whatsoever for fairness , consistency , honesty , promise - keeping , or the rule of law .
If the Left actually succeeds in achieving their agenda , we can kiss freedom in America good - bye .
Fortunately , they are such incompetent clowns that even when they have the presidency and heavy majorities in Congress they can't pass anything but standard old - fashioned pork barrel bills .
How stupid and incompetent are the Fanatical Left in America today ?
They 're so dumb that when they desperately need to change the minds of people who disagree with them about health care , instead of listening to their opponents and compromising with them ( which is how actual governing is done ) , they insult and vilify and slander and misrepresent and impugn the motives of those who disagree with them .
Mr. President and your chums in Congress , here 's a clue , since you are clearly without one :
You can only build a majority by winning the hearts and minds of the people who disagree with you .
And if you insult those people , your chance of winning them over recedes into the infinite distance .
You 'll notice that I have no qualms about insulting the extremists of the Left , but that 's because there is no way to win them over anyway .
They are incapable of learning or even listening ; they are contemptuous of logic or evidence ; having learned all the things that " smart people " say , they just go on saying them without any sign that they are actually aware of the utter vapidity of their own dogmas .
But I do n't have to persuade them , because they are not the majority , though they were able to get nominal control of Congress by lying merrily and getting the media to go along with them .
Even now they do n't realize how much trouble they 're in , because the " mainstream " media barely report on their malfeasance .
More and more Americans , however , are getting their news from Fox and the Internet ; more and more Americans are becoming offended by the contemptuous way Obama and his chums stand there in the dark of night telling us it 's daylight and calling us names if we disagree .
So ... why have n't I written a World Watch till now ?
Because you already got the message without my help .
However , I do have a few essays up my sleeve , which will see the light of day in weeks to come .
Chances are , however , that I wo n't say much about the hot - button issues that are already being discussed to death .
Contrary as I am , I 'm more inclined to turn my laser - like -- OK , Eveready flashlight - like -- wit on the issues that I think have more to do with our daily lives than with current politics .
Besides , if Obama does n't face a Congress solidly in the control of the Republican Party after the 2010 election ( the way Clinton did after 1994 ) , it means that either the Republicans really are the Stupid Party , or the American people are grimly determined to keep getting kicked by the same mule .
When they say the Wii is addictive , they do n't necessarily mean " so addictive that policemen will forget they 're on a drug raid and start playing Wii " , but now we have video proof that this is exactly the case .
The amazing fact about this video , taken by a home security system , is the length of the Wii session that ensues .
The policemen are completely taken by a game of Bowling , and they keep on playing for about nine hours .
And I consider myself a gamer , with my puny 5 - hour sessions .
See the video , bound to become an instant YouTube hit , after the break .
From what we can see in the video , the policemen actually get pretty good at the game .
That 's what 9 hours of practice does to your Wii Bowling skills .
But the fight is over in a matter of seconds as the other cage fighter , sporting a wig and a sparkling black dress , floors both the assailants with two lightning - quick punches .
In a sea of energy - guzzling consumer products , the government 's EnergyStar sticker is a beacon of light for many energy - conscious consumers .
But that little blue square with a star on it might not be so bright after all , according to Consumer Reports , which claims that the decades - old program is in need of some major upgrades .
But first , a little background on EnergyStar .
In 1992 , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency created the voluntary labeling program to help cut greenhouse gas emissions by identifying the most energy - efficient appliances for consumers .
Since then , the EPA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) to include more than 60 product categories that use less energy while delivering the same or better performance as comparable models .
Overall , it 's been pretty successful in its goals .
In 2008 , with the help of EnergyStar , Americans cut greenhouse gas emissions equal to those from 29 million cars and saved consumers billions on utility bills .
But despite its overall success , the EnergyStar does have some quality issues that raise questions about the program 's integrity .
For one , EnergyStar 's test procedures for appliances are pretty outdated and have n't kept pace with new technology , says Mark Connelly , deputy technical director for Consumer Reports .
A good example is EnergyStar 's test procedures for refrigerators , which were developed 20 years ago before consumers had ever heard of features like meat - thawing compartments , water filters and automatic defrost .
As a result , EnergyStar test procedures call for a refrigerator 's icemaker to be turned off during testing .
But since extra features mean extra energy consumption , it 's no surprise that some LG refrigerator models were found to use significantly more energy during Consumer Reports ' tests where the icemaker was kept on , as compared to energy consumption rates determined under the EnergyStar tests .
" We need to have tests that are more representative of real - life scenarios because the products are using much more energy than what the consumer would be led to believe , " Connelly says .
To be fair , the fault of the test procedures does n't really lie with EnergyStar , but instead with the DOE because it 's the agency responsible for determining the federal testing standards for appliances .
And , once Consumer Reports brought the refrigerator issue to light , the DOE and LG agreed to suspend 22 French - door models from the EnergyStar program because they consumed too much energy to qualify .
But being behind the times is n't Energy Star 's only problem .
Critics charge that EnergyStar has set the bar for energy - efficiency requirements so low that just about any product can get a star .
For example , almost half of all dishwashers currently on the market qualify for the EnergyStar label , according to Connelly .
" Certainly , when that many products qualify for an EnergyStar , the value of the Star decreases , " he said .
Maria T. Vargas , press contact for EnergyStar , disagrees , arguing that increasing the number of qualifying products is a goal of the program , not a flaw .
" We think it 's great that more efficient products are available on the marketplace , " she said .
But by far the most troubling aspect of the government 's energy - efficiency program is that because most EnergyStar products are n't independently tested , companies are relied on to regulate themselves -- essentially allowing the fox to police the henhouse .
" Manufacturers basically self - certify , and there 's nobody out there policing what the government 's being told , " says Connelly .
" There needs to be some kind of auditing in place because otherwise you 're either relying on the manufacturers to snitch on each other or someone like Consumer Reports to just happen upon a problem . "
Of course , the EPA and Consumer Reports disagree on whether competitors are actually testing each other 's product efficiency claims .
One thing that is certain is that as companies continue to gobble up their competitors , the number of companies available to check up on one another 's products keeps dwindling , which further decreases accountability .
With all of EnergyStar 's problems , it 's easy to get cynical about paying extra for that little blue label .
But keep in mind that even Consumer Reports feels that overall the program is reliable .
" The cases where we 've found discrepancies are small and far between , " said Connelly .
Most importantly , the program has been widely successful in getting out the word about energy efficiency , or at least making consumers aware that such a thing exists .
More than 70 percent of U.S. consumers know about the EnergyStar logo , and with the countless number of product claims out there today , that 's no small feat .
At the very least , EnergyStar serves as a good jumping off point for consumers who want to know more about a product 's energy consumption .
" Overall the program is working because it simplifies choices for consumers and in that respect it 's been a tremendous success , " said Connelly .
But , he adds , " there 's always room for improvement . "
___
( c ) 2009 , Mother Nature Network .
Visit the Mother Nature Network on the World Wide Web at www.mnn.com
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Paul “ The DerangedBear ” Sung wants Punisher to be a Leader character on the Marvel Knights team because of his connection to Rome .
If this were to happen , we could build Titus Pullo decks and play them in the tournaments .
What a concept .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I can now say with 99,99 % confidence that legendary drummer Chuck Biscuits is in fact alive and well !
So what the hell happened yesterday ?
How did the rumor that he died of throat cancer start ?
Why did everyone believe it ?
Well , before the chain reaction of irresponsible blog posts and news stories ( guilty ) , it all began with one James Greene Jr. James , according to the Boston Herald ( one of the sources I read before posting myself ) ( and whose story credits Blabbermouth ) , is " a freelance music writer from Brooklyn , New York " .
Though I did n't completely realize it at the time of my own hasty posting , James 's Chuck Biscuits obituary was THE source of it all .
Before I re-posted his words I had read about Chuck 's death - in addition to at the sources mentioned above , in the BrooklynVegan comments , and was told about it via an IM , and saw that someone had updated Wikipedia with his death info ( reliable , I know ) , and noticed via Google that Punk News had even put a " - 2009 " after his name and date of birth .
The news was spreading fast .
By the end of the day , at least 50 websites had reported that Chuck was dead .
At first glance James 's blog post seemed super legit too .
First of all , who would make something up about Chuck Biscuits ?
( Lars Ulrich maybe , but Chuck Biscuits ???? ) .
It was a well thought out obituary which even sourced Chuck 's family members ( a " mass email " even ) , and ( ironically ) the post was tagged " Shit That Can't Be Real Yet Somehow Is " !
continued below ...
Before I continue , I want to look at the bright side .
I can't remember the last time I thought about Chuck Biscuits , and though sad , yesterday was a nostalgic trip that had me listening to , and reading about , Danzig , D.O.A. , Black Flag , Social Distortion , and many of the other related bands that Chuck played in .
The Internet was celebrating Chuck Biscuits , and I found myself in interesting Biscuits - related places like the website of Sudden Death Records , the homepage of John Christ , the Twitter account of one " Tim Napalm Stegall " , and Otis Link 's MySpace .
I feel dumb for being one of those who reported that Chuck died , but I had fun during the process of trying to prove it wrong , and that included learning more about James who really did believe that Chuck was dead .
I feel bad for him .
He thought he had been in contact with Chuck and his family since May , but now it seems that he was actually just the butt of someone 's very cruel practical joke .
Most random practical joke ever ?
Well , not totally .
First look at the topics of some of James 's past published work .
Here are a few highlights :
You get the idea .
James is a big Danzig fan !
Danzig drummer Chuck Biscuits is a " hero of [ his ] musical youth " .
Second , as James started to realize that he was duped , he wrote :
" I know plenty of people who severely dislike me and would take any chance they could to play on my gullibility to make me look as stupid as possible ( i.e. e-mail me for six months pretending to be a dying drummer I admire ) . "
So , he 's obsessed with Danzig , he 's gullible , people hate him , AND ...
" I spent a good chunk of '08 searching for Chuck and info on Chuck .
All I got was Bill Goddamn Stevenson .
No one was talking .
I wrote a thing about Biscuits anyway and then , out the blue , some fucker calling himself by that name who looks like the guy on the record sleeves starts corresponding with me .
What the fuck am I supposed to do ?
Call shenanigans ?
Whatever happened to trust ?
Who would lie about being Chuck Biscuits ?
Especially to a piece of " vermin " like me on the lowest rung of the totem pole ? "
( someone called him " vermin " in a previous comment ) .
Okay , so someone that hated him knew he was looking for Biscuits , thought it would be hilarious to play a joke , and finally , months later , decided to end it with a really distasteful bang .
And here we are .
jamesgreenejr Says :
October 29 , 2009 at 7:55 pm
Has anyone ever lied to you for six months about being a terminally ill hero of your musical youth ?
It 's fucking weird .
You think I was n't devastated when I read the e-mail the other day that announced his " death ? "
That 's why I wrote this blog in the first place .
I wanted to give CB the obit I knew he deserved .
I knew there 'd be source questions , but what was I supposed to do , e-mail his " wife " back and be like , " Hey , can you send me pics of the body ? " I had no suspicions .
I thought I had this shit on lock down .
Who would lie to a NOBODY blogger about this kind of thing for so long ?
It 's easy to attack me in hindsight , but again - this had been going on since May .
Who the fuck lies about being a dying Chuck Biscuits for half a year ?
Are my friends / enemies smart enough to hack enough related e-mail accounts to perpetrate something like this ?
I just want to know how it happened .
I 'd also like some more conclusive proof that Chuck is n't dead aside from e-mails from people whose existence I can't further verify .
Since he wrote that , it has been confirmed that Chuck is alive ( though at the time of this writing , James has not fully recanted his story ) ( even by him ) .
Straight.com talked to D.O.A.'s Joe Keithley , and I know someone that talked to Keith Morris .
Both say Chuck is alive , well , and extremely confused which is consistent with the many other rebuttals that Tim Napalm posted to Facebook ( from Joey Shithead , Otis Link , Chuck 's brother and others ) .
Amen , and welcome back Chuck .
( I know Chuck is n't in this video )
By By Kay Mathews Oct 17 , 2009 in Crime Michael Brewer , 15 , was set on fire by other juveniles .
Authorities released disturbing tapes of 911 calls reporting the attack .
The juveniles are charged with aggravated battery .
Brewer remains in intensive care , facing " years of skin grafts . "
A report released on Friday by the Broward County Sheriff 's Office includes dramatic emergency calls to 911 , according to the [ Note :
If you click on the AP link , there is an option to hear one of the 911 calls via Mp3 .
Please heed the " disturbing content " warning .
The screams and cries of the boy and his pleas for help can clearly be heard . ]
In another call , an unidentified woman says , " A little boy just caught on fire ! "
The woman was " barely able to catch her breath to give her address , " reports the AP .
There were , in total , 28 minutes of recorded calls to 911 .
Michael Brewer 's mother , Valerie Brewer , was quoted by the AP as saying , " It 's a complete nightmare . "
The incident stems from " a dispute over a video game that escalated when someone tried to steal a bicycle that belonged to the boy 's father . "
On Monday , the five youths were at Brewer 's apartment complex where the suspects doused him with rubbing alcohol and a lighter was used to set him on fire .
The AP reports that all five teens have been charged with aggravated battery in Brewer 's burning , and that one teen , who flicked the lighter , also faces an attempted second - degree murder charge .
It is possible that the five teens ' cases may be moved to adult court .
Brewer remains in intensive care and suffers burns over most of his body .
The AP reports that Brewer 's doctor indicated that the teen is " doing as well as can be expected but faces years of skin grafts , therapy and surgery , and that potentially fatal organ failure and infections are common in cases so severe . "
As reported in DigitalJournal.com on Oct. 14 , five juveniles set fire to 15 - year - old Michael Brewer .
Brewer , who lives in Deerfield Beach , Florida , has burns over 80 percent of his body .
The Broward County Sheriff described the incident as " the most heinous crime " he has ever seen .
A report released on Friday by the Broward County Sheriff 's Office includes dramatic emergency calls to 911 , according to the Associated Press .
In one , " a breathless 911 caller pleaded for help because ' a little boy just caught on fire ' while in the background Brewer can be heard screaming in agony . "
[ Note :
If you click on the AP link , there is an option to hear one of the 911 calls via Mp3 .
Please heed the " disturbing content " warning .
The screams and cries of the boy and his pleas for help can clearly be heard . ]
In another call , an unidentified woman says , " A little boy just caught on fire ! "
The woman was " barely able to catch her breath to give her address , " reports the AP .
There were , in total , 28 minutes of recorded calls to 911 .
Michael Brewer 's mother , Valerie Brewer , was quoted by the AP as saying , " It 's a complete nightmare .
"
The incident stems from " a dispute over a video game that escalated when someone tried to steal a bicycle that belonged to the boy 's father . "
On Monday , the five youths were at Brewer 's apartment complex where the suspects doused him with rubbing alcohol and a lighter was used to set him on fire .
The AP reports that all five teens have been charged with aggravated battery in Brewer 's burning , and that one teen , who flicked the lighter , also faces an attempted second - degree murder charge .
It is possible that the five teens ' cases may be moved to adult court .
Brewer remains in intensive care and suffers burns over most of his body .
The AP reports that Brewer 's doctor indicated that the teen is " doing as well as can be expected but faces years of skin grafts , therapy and surgery , and that potentially fatal organ failure and infections are common in cases so severe . "
More about Teenager , Fire , Burn , Blaze More news from teenager fire burn blaze
Space rock ( Image : S. Chatterjee / J.M.Cordes /Palomar Observatory )
IT ’S the biggest guitar in the galaxy .
The Guitar pulsar is a stellar corpse that is tearing through interstellar gas and creating a guitar - shaped wake of hot hydrogen ( pictured ) .
Its birthplace may now have been found .
Little is known about the origins of such wayward stellar remnants .
To hunt for the pulsar ’s birthplace , Nina Tetzlaff at the University of Jena in Germany and colleagues projected the paths of 140 nearby groups of stars backwards in time over 5 million years .
Previous work suggests the star was ejected at over 1500 kilometres per second . …
Like many of you , for a long time I really could n’t see the use of those URL shortener service thingies .
Sure , when I was designing sites I tried to avoid long , ugly URLs , but I never saw slapping some random characters after a common base URL as being any more useful .
I considered my awareness of the existence of these obscure services as an aberration induced by my geek genes , rather than validation of their existence or popularity .
Then came Twitter , and the world of URLs was never the same .
Twitter firmly swapped URL shorteners out of the occasionally useful into the pretty darn essential column .
That magical 140 character limit , combined with the propensity of major sites to use URLs nearly as long as their software user agreements , thrust shorteners in front of millions of new eyeballs .
One issue , pointed out by more than a few security pundits and rickrolling victims , is that these shorteners completely obscure the underlying URL .
It ’s trivial for a malicious attacker to hide a link and redirect a user to any sort of malicious site .
It did n’t take long for phishers and drive - by malware attacks to take advantage of the growing popularity of these obfuscation services .
Some of the more popular Twitter clients , like Tweetie , added optional URL previews to show users the full link before clicking through to the site .
In part , this was enabled by shorteners like bit.ly enabling previews through their APIs .
A nice feature , but it ’s not one that most users enable , and it is n’t available in most web interfaces or even all standalone Twitter clients .
Bit.ly announced today that they are taking things one major step further and will soon be scanning all links , in real time , using multiple security services .
Bit.ly will be using a collection of databases and scanning services to check both new and existing links as users access them .
Websense ’s cloud - based scanner is one of the services ( the one that pre-briefed me ) , and bit.ly will use at least one other commercial service as well as some free / open databases .
Update : according to the bit.ly blog , VeriSign and Sophos are the other scanning / database engines .
In the case of Websense , bit.ly will tie directly into their content scanning service to check links in real time as they are added to the bit.ly database .
Websense uses a mix of real time scans ( for things like malware and certain phishing techniques ) and their database of known bad sites .
The system wo n’t rely only on the database of previously - detected bad sites , but will also check them at access time .
If a link is suspected of being malicious , Websense marks it and bit.ly will redirect users to a warning page instead of directly to the site .
Users can still click through , and I ’m sure plenty will , but at least those of us with a little common sense are less likely to be exploited .
Bit.ly wo n’t only be scanning new links added to the database , but will be checking existing links in case they ’ve become compromised .
This also reduces the chances of the bad guys gaming the system by adding a clean version of their site for an initial scan , then sneaking in malware for future visits .
I like bit.ly ’s approach of checking existing links in case they get compromised , rather than only scanning new links as they are added .
This will make it harder for bad guys to game the system .
This solution is a lot better than the anti-phishing built into browsers and some search engines , since those rely only on databases of previously - discovered known bad sites .
It ’s also a two - way system , and although Websense is being paid for the scanning , they gain the additional benefit of now leveraging the results once millions of new ( and old ) links start flowing through their service .
Every bad website Wensense finds when a user submits a link to bit.ly is added to the database used by all their other products .
Finally , there ’s nothing that says we ’re only allowed to use bit.ly for Twitter .
The entire Internet now gains a real - time security scanning service … for free .
Have a questionable link ?
Shorten it through bit.ly and it ’s scanned by Websense and at least one other commercial service , as well as all the free / open / cheap databases bit.ly uses ( sorry , I do n’t know what they are ) .
This is n’t to say that any of the individual scans , or all of them together , can identify every malicious link they encounter , but this is a significant advance in web services security .
It ’s a perfect example of cloud computing enhancing security , rather than creating new risks .
Links sent through bit.ly will now be safer than the original links viewed directly .
This is n’t live yet , but should be by the end of the year .
A synthesized cell phone melody pulls Jeff Rice from his sleep : De - de da - de - de da - de - de da-de .
De - de da - de - de da - de - de da-de .
Rice hits the alarm .
It ’s 4:30 , still dark .
He clicks on his headlamp and dresses in the confines of his tent .
The nylon zipper shrieks — zzzzzzzzzzzpp — as he opens the flap and steps outside .
A few clouds have rolled in .
The remaining stars poke through the sky like shards of light .
Beyond the cottonwoods , the creek is a steady babble , the crickets nonstop , and the bats an occasional tcheee , tcheee , tcheee .
But these are sounds
Rice knows , captured two nights ago with the microphone and recorder he set up outside his tent .
Now he ’s eager to head somewhere new , and the morning about to break is promising : no wind to keep the birds down .
“ Kenning , ” he calls out .
Kenning Arlitsch climbs out of his own tent .
“ I ’m up , ” he says .
By title , both men are librarians at the University of Utah .
Typically , Arlitsch works behind a desk , managing technology for a project the partners call the Western Soundscape Archive .
Rice spends his time in the field , using sound - recording equipment the way a photographer uses a camera : to hold on to a fleeting moment .
Instead of images , Rice collects sounds caught in the brief intervals of modern life before the cacophony of airplanes and jets , air conditioners and automobiles , music machines and gardening equipment kicks in .
This week , Rice and Arlitsch are camping in Utah ’s Range Creek valley , on a former ranch that occupied a now carefully protected , isolated sliver of land hidden behind a fortress of rock known as the Book Cliffs .
As Rice knows , isolated means quiet , and quiet — or more precisely , sounds without the interference of man-made noise — means endangered .
Standing now near the Chevy Trailblazer that brought them to the campsite , Rice pops open the trunk and double - checks his gear : parabolic dish , Sennheiser microphones , Sound Devices 50 - gig recorder , portable recorder , lapel mikes , Sony recorder , bat detector , hydrophone for fish , and plenty of AA batteries .
Then he gets behind the wheel — Arlitsch riding shotgun — and points the SUV down a washed - out , rutted road .
If a stretch of land ever promised to be haunted , it would be Utah ’s Range Creek .
Not only might a visitor expect to run into the spirits of ranchers from this century and last — most notably Budge Wilcox , who took possession of these 1,600 acres in 1951 .
There were also Indians who lived in the canyon , so far as anyone can know , from A.D. 800 to A.D. 1350 .
No wonder that when Wilcox ’s son sold his holdings to the Bureau of Land Management in 2001 , archaeologists were eager to explore the property .
Its semi-mystical reputation has proved justified during the last eight years , as 400 sites — including rock art , granaries , and pit houses — have been identified as belonging to the northern neighbors of the Anasazi , the Fremont Indians .
Though recovering the past matters less to Rice and Arlitsch than making sure that the present is n’t lost , this morning they plan to record something a little less tangible than the chatter , twitters , and trilling of the canyon .
They are heading to a rock - art site where they hope to capture an aural understanding of the world that the Fremont inhabited .
First , though , Rice stops at a place where the road skirts the creek .
This is one of the places he scouted the previous night for recording ambient sounds .
The ground is soft and sandy from flash floods .
Dust hovers in the headlights .
Rice gets out , grabs his gear , and , just off the road , extends the legs of a tripod and fastens to the top a large , zucchini - shaped microphone .
He pulls a wind sock around it .
White and hairy , it looks like a plump Pekingese .
In the surrounding trees , a few whistles and squawks have begun .
“ You can hear them starting up already , ” Rice says .
There is no saying what bird or insect they might be or how far the sounds have traveled ; Utah and the Southwest are prized among recordists for minimal atmospheric attenuation , the humidity or air turbulence that alters and mutes sound waves .
Rice plugs the microphone into the recorder .
He puts on his headphones and listens , making sure that the creek is n’t too intrusive .
He likes what he is hearing , and so begins his recording by establishing the setting .
“ 5:02 a .m. ... July 1 ... Range Creek ... 70 degrees ... Calm ... 4,890 elevation . ”
Rice programs the recorder and lightly steps away from the microphone .
Often he will record for hours at a time , editing the results when he gets home .
In the east , Venus shines through a break in the clouds as Rice gets back into the SUV , and he and Arlitsch continue down the road .
Rice , who is 42 , got the idea for the Western Soundscape Archive after working as a radio journalist .
He had material left over from pieces he had produced — interviews , background sounds — and he thought of creating and curating an archive on the Internet .
He made a cold call to the University of Utah’s J. Willard Marriott Library and found himself talking to Arlitsch , who immediately understood the value and potential of the project .
There are other libraries in the country gathering sounds — the Macaulay Library at Cornell , the Borror Laboratory of Bioacoustics in Ohio , and the Florida Museum of Natural History — but none focuses solely on the West .
The virtue of putting the archive on the Internet is that it is available to anyone who wishes to explore the recordings .
With initial funding of about $ 15,000 , the archive started up in 2007 , and in the early stage , Rice focused on recording sounds in Utah and soliciting the work of other recordists .
Today the archive is funded by a $ 350,000 federal grant that was matched by the university ; the money is expected to last until the end of next year .
So far , the website has about 1,500 recordings representing 90 percent of the birds in the 11 - state Western region , 95 percent of the frogs and toads , about two dozen reptiles , and nearly a quarter of the mammals .
“ The archive is as important as the photographs of Edward Curtis , ” the great chronicler of the American West , says colleague Gordon Hempton , himself an “ acoustic ecologist ” who , with 30 years of recording experience , knows how quickly natural soundscapes are being lost .
“ We can look at those images and even though we ’re not in that moment , in a way we are . ”
Recently , Rice was asked by the artist Maya Lin to provide audio for her “ What Is Missing ? ” memorial in San Francisco that focuses on biodiversity and habitat loss .
She wanted audio of the Yellowstone River , and Rice visited the park in May , rising at 4:30 each morning and working for 45 minutes before the voices of birds and coyotes were trampled upon by automotive traffic .
To the extent that Lin is a memorialist , commemorating the vanishings — people , places , animals — that have taken place around us , so is Rice .
But if his work is elegiac , it is also exuberant .
Its appeal is visceral : a moose stomping across a stream in Utah , thunderclaps in Oregon .
His recording of boreal chorus frogs captures a distant train , and if you listen carefully to the waves at Nye Beach , Ore. , you will hear the jingling leash of a dog running by .
On the southern edge of Range Creek , Rice and Arlitsch arrive at a gate .
They climb underneath it and start walking down the road beyond .
During his three days in Range Creek , Rice has documented one night , two dawns , eight wild turkeys , and hundreds of cicadas that hid one late afternoon inside a row of sunlit box elders .
The cicadas ’ unrelenting tssssss suggested the rhythmic intensity of a Philip Glass score .
But it is the call of the nocturnal poor will , captured late one night in the woods beside a meadow , that graces Rice ’s most exquisite new track : Poor - will .
Poor - will .
Poor - will .
Rice and Arlitsch turn off the road and start scrambling up a steep grade .
Loose rocks shake out from under their boots .
Ahead of them , a large sandstone boulder creates a pulpit on the hill , and in the shadows is a large painted figure , red from mountain mahogany .
Neither man nor animal , this anthropomorph stands , broad - shouldered , facing the east with horns ( or possibly ears ) rising above its head and between them , a faint emanation of color like a tongue of fire .
White handprints mark the ceiling .
They stop beneath it .
Archaeoacoustics is a new discipline , and its premise is simple : that artifacts have acoustic properties that can help shed light on their cultures .
One researcher has studied the role that echoes played in the creation of cave painting and petroglyphs , and Hempton finds it plausible that fire rings are situated where noises converge from surrounding cliffs .
Such theories are highly speculative , but here , beneath this pictograph , the sounds of the dawn rise up from the gentle bow of the river , the narrowing of the canyon : the ebbing stridulations of the crickets , the incipient bird song , and the gravelly purr of the creek : Chrrr , chrrr , chrrr .
Tsip , tsip , peew , peew .
Wzzzzzzzzzz .
Rice starts the recorder .
Suddenly the past and the present meet .
He knows that the sounds he is about to preserve are the sounds that the Fremont might have heard when they climbed to this rocky canvas centuries ago , and as surely as they disappeared from this region — in one of the great mysteries of the Southwest — so too will the quiet they experienced .
“ We live on such a small scale , ” says Rice , considering the last 100 years that put these sounds in jeopardy .
Planes and jets tear across the sky , and not far from Range Creek , ATVs scour the hills and plateaus .
Moments of silence in the canyon , however , provide a deeper connection to its ecology beyond what can be merely seen in the rocks , the pinyons , junipers , and sky .
To listen here is to step into the heat - seared , frostbitten , sun-blasted timelessness of the Fremont .
It means exercising a deeper sentience , letting go of all expectations , to be thoughtless and anticipatory .
“ You do n’t know what you ’re listening for because you have n’t heard it , ” says Hempton with the simplicity of a koan .
Across the road , by the gate and a stand of cottonwoods , a Cooper ’s hawk is suddenly alarmed .
Loud , brusque , its song is all staccato , and Rice treks down to the road to track it with the parabola dish as it flies from snag to cliff and back , reddish - brown chest and white flashes under the wings .
Kek . Kek. Kek .
A yellow - breasted chat flits from cottonwood to greasewood .
Chirrr - tweee .
Chirrr - tweee .
This story was originally published in the Los Angeles Times .
Used with permission .
© 2009 by the Los Angeles Times .
President Obama responded to the news of his Nobel Peace Prize the right way .
He said he was humbled , acknowledged that the efforts for which he was honored are only beginning and pledged to see them through , not on his own but in concert with other nations .
There cannot have been unbridled joy in the White House early Friday .
Mr. Obama ’s aides had to expect a barrage of churlish reaction , and they got it .
The left denounced the Nobel committee for giving the prize to a wartime president .
The right proclaimed that Mr. Obama sold out the United States by engaging in diplomacy .
Members of the dwindling band of George W. Bush loyalists also sneered  with absolutely no recognition of their own culpability  that Mr. Obama has not yet ended the wars in Afghanistan and in Iraq .
Certainly , the prize is a ( barely ) implicit condemnation of Mr. Bush ’s presidency .
But countering the ill will Mr. Bush created around the world is one of Mr. Obama ’s great achievements in less than nine months in office .
Mr. Obama ’s willingness to respect and work with other nations is another .
Mr. Obama has bolstered this country ’s global standing by renouncing torture , this time with credibility ; by pledging to close the prison camp at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba ; by rejoining the effort to combat climate change and to rid the world of nuclear weapons ; by recommitting himself to ending the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ; and by offering to engage Iran while also insisting that it abandon its nuclear ambitions .
Today in class we were talking about how you needed to save your iptables changes using service iptables save before rebooting at the end of the test , or else you ’ll fail that section of the test .
I brought up the setting IPTABLES_SAVE_ON_STOP to “ yes ” in /etc / sysconfig / iptables - config , and no one else knew about that file .
There ’s some pretty cool settings in there - read on for details .
The file / etc / sysconfig / iptables - config provides a place to configure the behavior of the iptables initscript in /etc / init.d/ iptables .
The file is documented very well , so give it a quick read .
Here ’s some of the more interesting settings :
IPTABLES_SAVE_ON_STOP
- this defaults to “ no ” .
When set to “ yes ” , every time the initscript is called with the argument of “ stop ” ( whether via command line or via system shutdown ) , the initscript will take the current iptables ruleset and dump it into /etc / sysconfig / iptables .
Essentially , this is doing a service iptables save behind the scenes when you do a service iptables stop .
This is great for sysadmins who get distracted often and forget to commit their iptables commands to persistent storage often .
- this defaults to “ no ” .
When set to “ yes ” , every time the initscript is called with the argument of “ stop ” ( whether via command line or via system shutdown ) , the initscript will take the current iptables ruleset and dump it into /etc / sysconfig / iptables .
Essentially , this is doing a behind the scenes when you do a .
This is great for sysadmins who get distracted often and forget to commit their iptables commands to persistent storage often .
IPTABLES_SAVE_ON_RESTART
- defaults to “ no ” .
When set to “ yes ” , it does the exact same thing as IPTABLES_SAVE_ON_START except this does a save operation when the initscript is called with the “ restart ” option .
- defaults to “ no ” .
When set to “ yes ” , it does the exact same thing as except this does a save operation when the initscript is called with the “ restart ” option .
IPTABLES_SAVE_COUNTER
- defaults to “ no ” .
Everytime service iptables save is called ( including in the two cases above ) , the rule and chain counters are saved to the file , and restored on startup .
This prevents your counters from being reset every time you restart the service .
- defaults to “ no ” .
Everytime is called ( including in the two cases above ) , the rule and chain counters are saved to the file , and restored on startup .
This prevents your counters from being reset every time you restart the service .
IPTABLES_STATUS_NUMERIC
- defaults to “ yes ” .
When you do a service iptables status , this will print IP ’s instead of hostnames when set to “ yes ” .
When set to “ no ” , it will do reverse DNS lookups on all the IP ’s and /etc / services lookups on all ports .
- defaults to “ yes ” .
When you do a , this will print IP ’s instead of hostnames when set to “ yes ” .
When set to “ no ” , it will do reverse DNS lookups on all the IP ’s and /etc / services lookups on all ports .
IPTABLES_STATUS_VERBOSE
- prints packet and byte counters in the output of service iptables status .
There ’s a few other settings in there , but these are the ones that I ’m usually interested in .
Happy firewalling !
In what could have been the biggest piece of news today , yet making little headway into the media , the Fed announced that it is adopting a policy statement supporting " prudent commercial real estate loan workouts . "
And even though in traditional Fed fashion , the statement says a lot but is even more vague , some of the implications from a more nuanced read have very serious adverse implications for commercial real estate .
The section :
Financial institutions that implement prudent loan workout arrangements after performing comprehensive reviews of borrowers ' financial conditions will not be subject to criticism for engaging in these efforts , even if the restructured loans have weaknesses that result in adverse credit classifications .
In addition , performing loans , including those renewed or restructured on reasonable modified terms , made to creditworthy borrowers , will not be subject to adverse classification solely because the value of the underlying collateral declined .
seems to imply that the Fed is now encouraging active loan workouts as a matter of policy .
The other implication is that firms with CRE exposure can no longer rely on the Fed as a perpetual guarantor of risky exposure .
Not only that , but in adopting a new policy strategy , the Fed is acknowledging the major problem that CRE writedowns will represent for banks , yet is telling banks to resolve problems on their own , while subsequently they will " not be subject to criticism for engaging in these efforts . "
The implications of this Fed action for the economy could be staggering as the $ 3.5 b , quadr , trillion CRE market will likely not receive the same largesse that residential real estate has been the recipient of ever since the conservatorship of the GSEs .
And the biggest loser in all of this will be banks that still have not used the massive risk rally to offload whole loan and CMBS CRE holdings , and moreover , still have these marked at par or close thereby .
As Wilbur Ross and George Soros pointed out earlier , the trouble for CRE is just starting .
If the Fed is unwilling to recreate QE for CRE , in the same way that it continues to bail out residential exposure , then look for a major double dip in the economy .
The only wild card is why the Fed is letting this happen , although if the political backlash against just QE 1 is any indication , then it likely would not have been able to pass additional liquidity measures regardless .
Full Fed policy statement can be found here .
THE OBAMA administration is not even one year old , but already it has lost much of its luster .
It has disappointed many of its liberal supporters and even led some to suggest that what we are witnessing is , in effect , the third term of a Bush administration .
At the beginning of August , liberal columnist Frank Rich posed the question “ Is Obama Punking Us ? ” on the op - ed pages of the New York Times .
Rich quoted an Obama voter in Virginia who had told the Washington Post a few days earlier , “ Nothing ’s changed for the common guy .
I feel like I ’ve been punked . ”
This voter was disgusted in particular by the billions of dollars poured into bailing out the banks while millions of ordinary Americans continue to face the threat of losing their homes .
Obama , it seems , has taken care of Wall Street , while largely leaving the people on Main Street to fend for themselves .
As Rich noted , however , the souring of the mood amongst many of those who supported Obama in the 2008 election has a much broader focus than just the bank bailout ( otherwise known as TARP — the Troubled Asset Relief Program ) .
It is based , in Rich ’s words , on “ the sinking sensation that the American game is rigged — that , as the president typically put it a month after his inauguration , the system is in hock to ‘ the interests of powerful lobbyists or the wealthiest few ’ who have ‘ run Washington far too long . ’”
More precisely , it is based on the “ sinking sensation ” that , despite his inspiring rhetoric and calls for change , Obama is not challenging those interests , but working hand - in - hand with them instead .
Take the fight around health care reform .
Obama was elected on the promises of providing affordable health insurance for everyone in the country and putting a cap on runaway health care costs .
The U.S. is the only developed country that does not provide its population with universal health coverage , with the result that over 46 million people in the country are uninsured .
Yet despite this , spending on health care per capita is dramatically higher in this country than in Western Europe , Canada , Japan or Australia , while health outcomes , as measured by the World Health Organization , are dramatically lower .
The explanation for this amazing discrepancy is that health care is a for - profit industry in the United States , while elsewhere it has long been treated as a government - guaranteed right .
The extra spending in the U.S. goes to finance huge corporate bureaucracies , as well as the bloated profits of the health - care industrial complex , including insurance companies , private hospitals and the pharmaceutical industry .
Yet far from being willing to take on the big health corporations , Obama and the Democratic leadership in Congress have placated them at every turn , with the final legislation looking like it will be little more than the Private Health Insurance Protection Act.
Dr. Andy Coates , a member of Physicians for a National Health Program , encapsulated what was wrong with Obama ’s plan in a SocialistWorker.org interview :
The heart of the reform is a mandate that individuals purchase health insurance — to criminalize the uninsured .
In exchange for accepting some new regulation , the insurance industry will get the government to coerce people into buying their product .
Because working people do n’t make enough money to buy the product , tax money will be used to subsidize the private insurance premiums .
The Los Angeles Times called this “ a bonanza ” for the health insurance industry .
Even a small government - run health plan to compete with the private insurers — and thus opposed by them — looked unlikely , at the time of writing , to make it into the final package .
To understand why , we only have to remember the maxim “ follow the money . ”
In the first half of 2009 , for instance , health industry groups gave nearly $ 1.8 million to 18 members of Congress on both sides of the aisle playing the key roles in health care reform , including Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and other Democratic leaders .
“ In this maze of powerful moneyed interests , ” Rich observed in the New York Times , “ it ’s not clear who any American in either party should or could root for . ”
And he continued :
The bipartisan nature of the beast can be encapsulated by the remarkable progress of Billy Tauzin , the former Louisiana congressman .
Tauzin was a founding member of the Blue Dog Democrats in 1994 .
A year later , he bolted to the Republicans .
Now he is chief of PhRMA , the biggest pharmaceutical trade group .
In the 2008 campaign , Obama ran a television ad pillorying Tauzin for his role in preventing Medicare from negotiating for lower drug prices .
[ In August ]
The Los Angeles Times reported … that Tauzin , an active player in White House health care negotiations , had secured a behind - closed - doors flip - flop , enlisting the administration to push for continued protection of drug prices .
Now we know why the president has ducked his campaign pledge to broadcast such negotiations on C - Span .
The continuation of business as usual , or nearly as usual , can be seen across the whole range of Obama ’s economic policies .
It was the financial crisis precipitated by the collapse of Lehmann Brothers in September 2008 , and the subsequent decision by the Bush administration to step in to save AIG and a host of other financial institutions , that probably did more than anything else to ensure Obama ’s election victory .
As the U.S. and world economies teetered on the brink of a new depression , the whole ideology of neo-liberalism — with its hostility to government regulation and its blind faith in the proposition that the market always knows best — seemed bankrupt too .
But if the new administration ever intended to do anything serious to curb the casino mentality on Wall Street , it now seems to have squandered the opportunity .
On the anniversary of Lehmann ’s declaration of bankruptcy , Obama gave a speech on Wall Street that was regarded as so unimportant by industry insiders that the CEOs of all the top financial firms skipped it .
Even the mild reforms he proposed ( described by Clinton - era Labor Secretary Robert Reich as “ milquetoast ” ) have little chance of being enacted by Congress .
As the New York Times reported , “ banks still sell and trade unregulated derivatives , despite their role in last fall ’s chaos .
Radical changes like pay caps or restrictions on bank size face overwhelming resistance .
Even minor changes , like requiring banks to disclose more about the derivatives they own , are far from certain . ”
Another recent article in the Times disclosed that the Wall Street whiz kids are now planning to do for life insurance what they previously did for sub - prime mortgages :
The bankers plan to buy “ life settlements , ” life insurance policies that ill and elderly people sell for cash — $ 400,000 for a $ 1 million policy , say , depending on the life expectancy of the insured person .
Then they plan to “ securitize ” these policies , in Wall Street jargon , by packaging hundreds or thousands together into bonds .
They will then resell those bonds to investors , like big pension funds , who will receive the payouts when people with the insurance die .
Of course , if people exceed their life expectancy , investors will lose money .
But why worry ?
The banks know that they are “ too big to fail , ” and that the government will bail them out if they run into trouble , encouraging even riskier behavior .
“ We ’re hoping to get a herd stampeding after the first offering , ” one insider told the Times .
Meanwhile , with unemployment still rising , the foreclosure crisis continues to get worse ( by the middle of the year about a third of all mortgages were underwater ) and the number of “ non-performing ” loans continues to grow , meaning that credit is still exceptionally tight on Main Street .
According to Reich , “ Small businesses still ca n’t get loans .
Even credit - worthy borrowers are having a hard time getting new mortgages . ”
This is one reason why the U.S. may be facing a double - dip recession , with the second dip likely to hit towards the end of next year , just in time for the mid-term elections .
But while the crisis has had a devastating impact on millions of working Americans , Wall Street compensation packages are heading back up to record levels .
Goldman Sachs alone is planning to shovel out $ 11.4 billion in bonuses to its executives and traders , and the total for the nine biggest banks ( which received a total of $ 175 billion in bailout money ) is $ 32.6 billion .
The fact that neither the Democratically - dominated Congress nor the administration has done anything to reign in Wall Street excesses once again speaks volumes about the power of campaign contributions and Washington lobbyists .
By mid-September , the financial sector had spent more than $ 200 million on lobbying efforts since the beginning of the year ( to add to the $ 5 billion it spent on campaign contributions and lobbying in the previous decade ) .
But this is not just outside pressure on the White House .
From the very start , as Rich points out , Obama “ assemble [d ] an old boys ’ club of Robert Rubin protégés and Goldman - Citi alumni as the White House economic team , including a Treasury secretary , Timothy Geithner , who failed in his watchdog role at the New York Fed as Wall Street ’s latest bubble first inflated and then burst . ”
The inclination of these insiders , many of whom helped shape the neoliberal policies of the Clinton administration in the 1990s , has been to put the whole house of cards back together again with as few changes as possible .
Obama himself has rarely missed an opportunity to broadcast his faith in the market , most recently at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh at the end of September .
In response to protests by global justice activists outside the meeting , Obama told the media , “ I fundamentally disagree with their view that the free market is the source of all ills , ” adding that the summits goal was to “ make sure that the market is working for ordinary people . ”
But the problem is that the market is not working for ordinary people , and nothing the G20 agreed on in Pittsburgh will do anything to change that .
In last month ’s ISR , Michael Schwartz described Obama ’s foreign policy as “ liberal neoconservatism , ” in which the “ neoconservative ambition , to transform the political , social , and economic structures of Iraq and Afghanistan ( and now Pakistan ) , remains intact . ”
But the methods have changed , with a much greater emphasis on civilian rather than military forms of intervention .
Perhaps a similarly paradoxical label is the appropriate description of the administration ’s economic policy : “ Keynesian neoliberalism , ” in which Keynesian policies of government deficit spending are used to reinvigorate an essentially unchanged neoliberal economic regime , where privatization and deregulation remain the order of the day .
Of course neoliberalism over the past 30 years was always dependent on large influxes of government money at crucial junctures , including the bailout of the Savings and Loan industry 20 years ago .
But the present crisis has required government intervention at a much greater level , including the $ 600 billion for TARP and the nearly $ 800 billion stimulus package passed in February , not to mention an additional $ 60 billion or so to rescue GM and Chrysler .
In the case of the bank bailout , as noted , there has been no serious attempt to regulate or reregulate the financial sector .
In the case of the auto bailout , government - guaranteed loans are being used not to create jobs , but to encourage wage cuts , downsizing , and “ lean production ” — all hallmarks of the neoliberal model , albeit now packaged with a green spin from Obama .
In the long run , or perhaps not so long run , this may result in the worst of both worlds — new speculative booms and busts and increased inequality on the one hand , combined with unsustainable levels of government debt on the other .
There was much talk when Obama was elected that he could be the new Franklin Delano Roosevelt , ushering in an era of progressive legislation and redistribution of wealth downwards .
It ’s important to remember , however , that FDR did not come into office with a radical program of social reform .
He was pushed from below to introduce pro-union legislation , unemployment benefit , social security and other important changes , by militant and disruptive social movements .
As the sociologist Frances Fox Piven has pointed out , “ The Democratic platform of 1932 was not much different from that of 1924 or 1928 .
But the rise of protest movements forced the new president and the Democratic Congress to become bold reformers . ”
The movements were led by Communists , socialists and other radicals , who did n’t wait for change to come from above , but demanded it with direct action , mass demonstrations , and factory occupations .
“ A pro-union labor policy was far from Roosevelt ’s mind when he took office in 1933 .
But by 1935 , with strikes escalating and the election of 1936 approaching , he was ready to sign the National Labor Relations Act . ”
The most salient difference between today and 1933 is that , as yet , Obama faces no significant independent progressive movement demanding real change and forcing him to the left .
That is no reason for pessimism .
The conditions certainly exist for such a movement to be built .
But until it is , we will continue to get punked .
As I blogged before , I ’m working on a Proudhon Reader .
This is due for publication by AK Press next year ( 2010 ) and aims to mark the 170th anniversary of Proudhon ’s “ What is Property ? ” and so the 170th anniversary of anarchism as a named socio-economic theory and movement .
This is an update on how this is progressing .
My reasons for this project are sketched in the original blog posting , so I wo n’t repeat myself .
Suffice to say , communist - anarchists ( like myself ) will find that many , if not most , of our core ideas ( self - management , federations of communes , critique of property and wage - labour , anti-statism , economic federalism , and so forth ) were first expounded by the Frenchman and took up and enriched by subsequent anarchists like Bakunin and Kropotkin .
This anthology should enrich our understanding of the evolution of anarchist theory as well as making Proudhon ’s ideas accessible for a new generation of radicals ( not to mention combating the various distortions and myths inflicted on Proudhon by his enemies ) .
A title has been decided upon .
Rather than “ A Proudhon Reader ” or “ Proudhon on Anarchism ” ( which were my original thoughts ) , I have decided upon “ Property is Theft ! ” with the subtitle “ A Pierre - Joseph Proudhon Anthology ” .
This has a certain ring to it and should , I think , get people picking it up .
It also stresses the legacy Proudhon has given anarchism , namely its anti-capitalism and anti-statism ( as he put it in General Idea of the Revolution , anarchism is “ the denial of Government and of Property ” ) .
Needless to say , there will be an introduction and I aim to summarise his ideas and their legacy , as well as refute some of the nonsense directed towards him and his ideas .
I ’ve also taken the opportunity to read Marx ’s “ The Poverty of Philosophy ” in order to contrast what Marx said Proudhon advocated and what he actually said .
The Introduction will also compare and contrast his ideas with Marx ( and there is a lot of overlap and Proudhon said it first ! ) , market socialism , Keynes and such like ( including the biological concept of mutualism ! ) .
Moreover , his legacy will be discussed and this will include his influence on Social and Individualist anarchism , the Paris Commune and such like .
The works will be presented in chronological order and will start with “ What is Property ? ” and cover only those works published during his life .
The only exception will be “ The Political Capacity of the Working Classes ” as he was working on this on his death - bed !
Hopefully the introduction will cover posthumously published work , specifically his last work on property .
I feel the chronological ordering is best as it shows how his ideas evolved overtime and in response to actual events as well as allowing more of the flow of his works to be presented .
The selections grouped around themes used in ( long out of print ) “ Selected Works of Pierre - Joseph Proudhon ” does not do his ideas justice .
Proudhon was a prolific writer , which means that even a comprehensive reader would be just presenting a fraction of his work .
His works are also full of people , facts and figures of the time , making works like “ General idea of the revolution ” full of material which goes not necessary add to the importance of his arguments today but were essential at the time in presenting his case for social reform .
Hopefully , be removing such material ( when possible ) the core ideas come to the fore .
I ’ve also made translations more consistent and correct .
For example , changing Proudhon ’s “ la salariat ” to wage - labour or wage - worker in John Beverly Robinson ’s and Benjamin
Tucker ’s translations ( he often used “ wages ” which is just wrong ! ) and using commune rather than town in “ General Idea of the Revolution . ”
I have indicated where changes have been made and given the original French as a guide .
Here is the contents page as it stands now .
Property is Theft !
A Pierre - Joseph Proudhon Anthology
What is Property ?
( extracts )
Chapter I. Method Pursued In This Work . — The Idea Of A Revolution
Chapter II .
Property Considered as a Natural Right
§ 1 Property as a Natural Right
§ 2 Occupation , as the Title to Property
§ 3 Civil Law as the Foundation and Sanction of Property
Chapter III .
Labour As The Efficient Cause Of The Domain Of Property .
§ 1 The Land cannot be Appropriated
§ 2 Universal Consent no Justification of Property
§ 3 Prescription Gives No Title to Property
§ 4 Labour : That Labour Has No Inherent Power to Appropriate Natural Wealth
§5 That Labour leads to Equality of Property
Chapter IV .
That property is impossible .
Chapter V. Psychological Exposition Of The Idea Of Justice
Letter to M. Blanqui ( extracts )
Letter to Marx
System of Economical Contradictions : Volume I ( extracts )
Chapter I : Of The Economic Science
Chapter II : Of Value
Chapter III : Economic Evolutions – First Period – The Division Of Labour
§ 1. Antagonistic effects of the principle of division .
§ 2 . Impotence of palliatives [. . . ]
Chapter IV : Second Period – Machinery
§ 1 . Of the function of machinery in its relations to liberty .
§ 2 . Machinery ’s contradiction – Origin of capital and wage - labour
§ 3 . Of preservatives against the disastrous influence of machinery .
Chapter V : Third Period – Competition
§ 1. Necessity of competition .
§ 2 . Subversive effects of competition , and the destruction of liberty thereby .
§ 3 . Remedies against competition
Chapter VI : Fourth Period – Monopoly
§ 1 . Necessity of monopoly
§ 2 . The disasters in labour and the perversion of ideas caused by monopoly .
Chapter VII : Fifth Period – Police , Or Taxation
System of Economical Contradictions : Volume II ( extracts )
Chapter X : Seventh Period : Credit
§ 1. Origin and Development of the Idea of Credit
Chapter XIV : Summary and Conclusion
Solution of the Social Problem ( newly translated ) ( extracts )
First Chapter : The Revolution in 1848
Chapter II : Democracy
Organisation of Credit and Circulation ( extracts )
Programme
The Bank of Exchange
The Situation ( newly translated )
How Revolutions are Lost ( newly translated )
The Reaction ( newly translated )
The Bamboozlement of Universal Suffrage ( newly translated )
Address to the Constituent National Assembly ( newly translated ) ( extracts )
The Malthusians
Toast to the Revolution
Election Manifesto of the People ( extracts )
Gratuity of Credit ( extracts )
First Letter : 19th November 1849
Second Letter : 3rd December 1849
Third Letter : 17th December 1849
Fourth Letter : 31st December 1849
Fifth Letter : 21st January 1850
Sixth Letter : 11th February 1850
The State : Its Nature , Object , and Destiny
I . Of the nature of the State .
II .
Of the end or object of the State .
III .
Of an ulterior destiny of the State .
Bank of the People ( extracts )
Declaration
Formation of the Company
Report of the Luxembourg Delegate and Workers ’ Corporation Commission ( newly translated )
Chapter I : The People ’s Bank
Chapter II : Overview of contemplated production or consumption unions
Chapter III : General Consumers ’ Union and its Responsibilities
Confessions of a Revolutionary ( extracts )
Chapter VII : 17 March : Reaction of Louis Blanc
Chapter XI : Who am I ?
General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century ( extracts )
First Study : Reaction Causes Revolution
Second Study : Is there Sufficient Reason for Revolution in the Nineteenth Century ?
1. Law of Tendency in Society .
– The Revolution of 1789 has done only half its work .
2. Chaos of economic forces .
Tendency of society toward poverty
3. Anomaly of Government .
Tendency toward Tyranny and Corruption .
Third Study : The Principle of Association
Fourth Study : The Principle of Authority
Fifth Study : Social Liquidation
Sixth Study .
Organisation of Economic Forces
1. Credit
2. Property
3. Division of Labour , Collective Forces , Machines , Workingmen 's Associations
4. Constitution of Value . Organisation of Low Prices
5. Foreign Commerce .
Balance of Imports and Exports
Seventh Study .
Absorption of Government by the Economic Organism
Epilogue
The Philosophy of Progress
Foreword
First Letter : Of The Idea Of Progress
Second Letter : Of Certainty And Its Criterion
Stock Exchange Speculator 's Manual ( newly translated ) ( extracts )
Preface
Final Considerations
3. Industrial democracy : Labour - labour partnership or universal mutuality ; end of the crisis
I. Workers ’ Associations
II . Consumers ’ associations
Justice In The Revolution And In The Church
Programme
§ I : The coming of the people to philosophy
§ II : The definition of philosophy
§ III :
On the quality of the philosophical mind
§ IV : The origin of ideas
§ V : That metaphysics is within the province of primary instruction
§ VI : That philosophy must be essentially practical
§ VII :
The character that must be presented by the guarantee of our judgments and the rule of our actions – Conversion from speculative to practical reason : determination of the criterion
§ VIII : Justice , the universal reason of things — Science and conscience
§ IX : Supremacy of Justice
§ X : Conditions for a philosophical propaganda
§ XI : Law of progress : Social destination
§ XII : A word about the situation
§ XIII : Conclusion
Letter to Workers on Elections ( extracts )
The Political Capacity of the Working Classes ( extracts )
Second Part : Chapter III : Disengagement of the workers ' idea : The Communist System or of Luxembourg
Second Part : Chapter XV : Objections against mutualist policy .
Answer .
Main cause of the fall of States - Relation of the political and economic functions in the new Democracy
A. Economic Functions
B. Political Functions
Appendix : The Paris Commune
International Worker ’s Association : Federal Council of Parisian Sections
Declaration to the French People
The Internationale
As can be seen , the anthology is pretty comprehensive as it stands now .
However , I aim to get more material translated .
Here is the “ wish - list ” of works which I consider it essential to include ( and remember this is but a fraction of Proudhon ’s collected works ! ) .
Systeme des Contradictions Economiques , tombe II
Chapters : XI
Les Confessions d'un Revolutionaire
Chapters : III , VI , X , XIV , XVII , XVIII , XXI
Du Principe Federatif
First part : Chapters : VI , VII , X , XI
Third part : Chapters : IX
Conclusion
De la Capacite Politique des classes ourvrieres
2nd part : Chapters : IV , VIII , XIII
3rd part : Chapters : IV
Some of this work is in progress , but it would help immensely if more people volunteered to translate some of this .
So if you wish to help enrich our understanding of the development of anarchism into the movement and theory it is today and can translate from French , I would urge you to get involved in this project .
If you are interested , please contact me at anarchistfaq [ at] yahoo.co.uk
I have also suggested that AK Press get all of “ Les Confessions d'un Revolutionaire ” fully translated and published as part of their “ Working Classics ” series ( which includes such key works as Berkman ’s “ What is Anarchism ? ” and Rocker ’s “ Anarcho - Syndicalism ” ) .
I ’m not sure whether they will or not , but it is a critical text in the development of anarchism and , of course , as an account of the first major revolution of the proletarian era ( so to speak ) .
And it was one of Bakunin ’s favourite works by his old friend and comrade , which surely counts for something !
Finally , I will end with a freshly translated short extract from Proudhon ’s “ Solution of the Social Problem ” from March 1848 , shortly after the revolution which disposed the Bourbons from the throne and made France a Republic again .
He is discussing the Red Flag ( something AFAQ blog addressed recently ) :
“ The Revolution , one cannot deny it , has been made by the red flag : the provisional Government has decided to keep the tricolour [ le drapeau tricolore ] .
To explain this repudiation M. de Lamartine made speeches , the Nationale of dissertations .
Red , they say , in the old days was the colour of royalty ; red is the colour of the atrocious Bourbon , tyrant of the Deux - Siciles .
Red can not be the colour of France .
“ One is not saying red is the colour of justice , the colour of sovereignty .
And since all men like red , would it not mean that red is the symbol of human fraternity ?
To deny the red flag , the crimson !
but it is the social question you are getting rid of .
Every time the People , defeated by suffering , wanted to express its wishes and its complaints outside the law that kills it , it has walked under a red banner .
It is true that the red flag has not gone around the world like its happy rival the tricolour .
Justice , M. de Lamartine stated very well , did not go any further than the Champ - de - Mars .
It is too terrible , justice , that one would not know how to hide it enough .
Poor red flag .
Everyone is abandoning you !
Me , I embrace you ; I clutch you to my chest .
Salute fraternity !
“ Let us keep , if you wish , the tricolour , symbol of our nationality .
But remember that the red flag is the sign of a revolution that will be the last .
The red flag !
It is the federal standard of humankind . ”
A mid-50 `s woman climbed up a high - voltage tower and refused to go down .
In arguing and shouting , her finger touched the power line and the electric arc jumped from her hand to her face as if she was bursting into flames .
She got better .
The firefighters finally got the power down and rescued her off the tower after another 45 minutes of persuasion .
This weeks golf was at Koga Golf Links Club in Ibaragi - ken ( 茨城県 ) .
Most courses in Japan are built in the mountains which means a lot of walking up and down hills .
In contrast , the Koga Links course is built by the riverbed and is nice and flat .
As with most courses in Japan ( with the exception of Hokkaido ) , you take a break after nine holes and have lunch .
Beer is a popular choice to wash the lunch down for most Japanese golfers , and normally leads to a more relaxed swing on the back nine !
Ryo Ishikawa used to play at Koga Links course .
It was difficult to show in the photos the openness of the course and how peaceful the setting was .
Sometimes I had to remind myself I was actually playing golf in Japan and not Hawaii .
As a public course , the fee to play is quite cheap .
The course condition was good , but this Marshal ’s car definitely could do with an upgrade .
More Information
Get Directions
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
The medical marijuana business is booming in California and Colorado A US newspaper says it has received well over 100 applicants for the post of marijuana critic - many of whom have offered to work for free .
The alternative Denver newspaper , Westword , is seeking a writer for its weekly review of Colorado 's booming medical marijuana dispensaries .
But there is a catch - candidates must have a medical ailment allowing them to enter a dispensary and use marijuana .
Fourteen US states now allow the sale of some sort of medical cannabis .
' Stoned ' Compensation will be meagre - and no , we can't expense your purchases
Westword job posting " Keep in mind this is n't about assessing the quality of the medicine on site ; it 's about evaluating the quality of the establishment , " says the Westword job posting .
" After all , we can't have our reviewer be stoned all the time . "
States like Colorado and California , where medical use is legal , have seen an explosion in the number of pot shops - ranging from upmarket clinics to dingy drugs dens .
The dispensaries sell more than a dozen varieties , from White Widow to the less expensive Afghan Gold Seal .
Some cost up to $ 360 ( £ 219 ) an ounce .
But the writer of Westword 's Mile Highs and Lows column is expected to focus on the dispensaries , not the drugs .
" Compensation will be meagre , " says the posting .
It says the paper can't pay for marijuana purchases , " although that would be pretty cool . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' ' I live in the South , and I 've seen the South come a long way .
And I 've seen the rest of the country that shared the South 's attitude towards minority groups at that time , particularly African - Americans , and that racism inclination still exists .
'' And I think it 's bubbled up to the surface because of the belief among many white people , not just in the South but around the country , that African - Americans are not qualified to lead this great country .
It 's an abominable circumstance , and it grieves me and concerns me very deeply . ''
Mr Carter was being interviewed for his 85th birthday for a segment to be screened at a later date , but NBC decided to air the remarks on racism immediately on Tuesday night as the debate in the US intensified .
Mr Carter made similar remarks later at a town hall meeting .
Over the weekend tens of thousands of people attended rallies in Washington , which were notable for the hostile tone of their signs and posters .
One of the organisers of the Tea Party coalition , Mark Williams , who has variously described Mr Obama on his website as an '' Indonesian Muslim ' ' and a ' ' Nazi ' ' , said just a small fringe element was responsible .
But in Congress there are fears that racism has reared its ugly head again .
A 38 - year - old Queensland man was crushed to death by a train in Germany as he staggered from Europe 's biggest beer festival , Oktoberfest , yesterday .
A Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade spokeswoman confirmed this morning the man had died after attending Oktoberfest celebrations in Munich about 1.20 am .
The man had met a 25 - year - old New Zealand man and the pair were returning to a campsite in the nearby district of Obermenzing when he stumbled onto train tracks and fell under the engine of a metropolitan S - Bahn train , local media said .
The New Zealand man was not hurt but was treated for shock .
" The man was in Munich as part of an organised tour to attend Oktoberfest , " the DFAT spokeswoman said .
Authorities have not released his identity .
TinyVid is an experimental Ogg video uploading site .
An Atom feed of recently uploaded videos is available .
The transcoder is not running .
Stereopony - Namida No Mukou
Sorry , your browser does n't support the < video > element .
You 'll need a browser that can playback Ogg media using < video > and < audio > .
Description Japanese band Stereopony performs their song " Namida No Mukou " live .
391 views
This video was originally from http://tinyvid.tv/show/2f2xw4lj1vr1a.
To embed this video in your own page , copy and paste the ' Embed ' snippet below into the HTML of your page .
A link back to this page using the URL below would be appreciated .
Apple has been criticized lately for some of its questionable app rejections , as well as the recent expunging of Google Voice apps from the App Store .
Now , it seems as if Apple has seen fit to use its veto power to address one common criticism of the App Store — the flood of apps with questionable content or utility .
Developer Khalid Shaikh had his iPhone developer license revoked , and his 900 + apps were summarily removed from the App Store .
Shaikh built a business model that took advantage of the worst aspects of the iPhone App Store .
His team of 26 engineers — based in India and Pakistan and working 12 hours days , six days a week — churned out nearly 1,000 apps that merely agregated articles and other content from the Web in such cleverly titled apps as " US Army News , " " Skin Care Updates , " and " WWE Updates . "
He sold these apps for $ 4.99 each , with the goal of " less product value " and " more monetization . "
Shaikh told MobileCrunch that he was making thousands of dollars a day with this technique .
Shaikh 's apps resulted in numerous complaints to Apple , many of which concerned questionable copyrights over some of the material in the apps .
For that reason , Apple chose to terminate his developer agreement and removed all of his offerings from the App Store .
From the letter Apple sent to Shaikh informing him of the news :
Pursuant to Section 3.2(d ) of the iDP Agreement , you agreed that “ to the best of Your knowledge and belief , Your Application and Licensed Application Information do not and will not violate , misappropriate , or infringe any Apple or third party copyrights , trademarks , rights of privacy and publicity , trade secrets , patents , or other proprietary or legal rights ( e.g. musical composition or performance rights , video rights , photography or image rights , logo rights , third party data rights , etc. for content and materials that may be included in Your Application ) . ”
Apple has informed you of numerous third party intellectual property complaints concerning over 100 of your Applications and reminded you of your obligations to obtain the necessary rights prior to submission of your Applications .
Nevertheless , we continue to receive the same or similar types of complaints regarding your Applications despite our repeated notices to you .
The persistent nature of such complaints has led us to conclude that you are entering into the representations and warranties in the iDP Agreement in bad faith by misrepresenting that you have all the necessary rights for your submissions .
Frankly , we have to applaud this move from Apple .
Insofar as Apple has put itself in a position of gatekeeper , pruning such shady apps from the store only improves it .
Shaikh is n't even the worst offender — MobileCrunch identified Brighthouse Labs , which has over 2,000 99 � apps , many of which are similar to those posted by Shaikh .
But , for every right move Apple makes , it still seems to have about 10 to 20 missteps .
When even well - made , highly regarded apps have trouble getting approved , it 's clear there is still much more room for improvement .
Homeland security officials caution that universal exit monitoring is a daunting and costly goal , mainly because of the nation ’s long and busy land borders , with more than one million crossings every day .
The wrong exit plan , they said , could clog trade , disrupt border cities and overwhelm immigration agencies with information they could not effectively use .
Since 2004 , homeland security officials have put systems in place to check all foreigners as they arrive , whether by air , sea or land .
Customs officers now take fingerprints and digital photographs of visitors from most countries , instantly comparing them against law enforcement watch list databases .
( Canadians and Mexicans with special border - crossing cards are exempt from those checks . )
But homeland security officials said that a series of pilot programs since 2004 had failed to yield an exit monitoring system that would work for the whole nation .
They have not yet found technology to support speedy exit inspections at land borders .
And airlines balked at an effort last year by the Bush administration to make them responsible for taking fingerprints and photographs of departing foreigners .
The current system relies on departing foreigners to turn in a paper stub when they leave .
Last year , official figures show , 39 million foreign travelers were admitted on temporary visas like Mr. Smadi’s .
Based on the paper stubs , homeland security officials said , they confirmed the departure of 92.5 percent of them .
Most of the remaining visitors did depart , officials said , but failed to check out because they did not know how to do so .
But more than 200,000 of them are believed to have overstayed intentionally .
Immigration authorities have put in place a separate system for keeping track of foreigners who , unlike Mr. Smadi , come on student visas .
That system has proved effective at confirming that the students have stayed in school and do not overstay their visas , officials said .
Image In Italy , Tex. , Mr. Smadi was able to work at a restaurant .
Credit ...
Courtney Perry / Dallas Morning News
Immigration analysts said that given the difficulties of enforcing the United States ’ vast borders , it remains primarily up to law enforcement officials to thwart terrorism suspects who do not have records that would draw scrutiny before they enter the United States .
Government will identify sites around Britain suitable for building nuclear plants as part of new energy policy
Ed Miliband , the energy and climate change secretary , insisted today that nuclear power had a " relatively good " safety record in this country as he prepared to unveil plans to fast - track a new generation of nuclear power stations .
The government will later identify further sites around Britain that could be suitable for building a nuclear plant amid Tory cries that the plans lack " democratic legitimacy " .
Miliband will unveil a series of national policy statements setting out the need for new energy infrastructure including renewables , fossil fuels and gas , as well as an overarching energy statement that will include climate change policy .
A separate strategy statement on the nation 's ports will also be published .
" The basic message here is : we can't say no to all of the nuclear or all of the low - carbon fuels that are out there , " the energy secretary told GMTV .
" We need nuclear , we need renewables , we need clean coal , we need all of those things if we are going to make that transition to cleaner energy . "
Miliband said it would not be his decision about whether a new nuclear power station is built in a particular area .
" It is going to be a decision for an independent commission that will take a view about what the local feeling is , " he said .
The minister insisted that there would be consultation with local people both before the planning application was submitted by the commission and afterwards and said that there was " public enthusiasm " in most areas being considered .
The policy statements , which run to 3,000 pages , will be open for consultation until early next year and will act as guidelines for the Infrastructure Planning Commission ( IPC ) , a new central authority that will start accepting planning applications in March .
The aim is to speed up planning decisions and give answers to developers within one year , to end what one official described as the current " long and tortuous " process of winning approval for schemes .
It took six years to steer the Sizewell B power station through the planning process , and officials believe red tape is discouraging investment .
Under changes to the planning laws , the IPC will be able to speed through the proposals for new schemes if it decided they fitted in with the policy statements .
But the shadow energy secretary , Greg Clark , said that a simple ministerial statement on the issue was inadequate and called for a Commons vote to give the process " democratic legitimacy " .
" It is a national emergency and it's been left far too late – we 've known for the last 10 years that most of our nuclear power fleet would come to the end of its planned life , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" So whatever happens with these statements we 've got a black hole , but actually we do need a different planning system , we need a fast track for major items of infrastructure .
" The trouble with the way the government 's doing it is , it has no democratic component .
The statements will just be read out to MPs without a vote and the decisions will be taken by an unelected , unaccountable official .
" We think it should be a minister taking that decision , accountable to parliament , with the necessary time limit , about three months , so it does n't delay the process .
But it does need to have democratic legitimacy otherwise people will find this an imposition that they will rail against . "
But the energy secretary said the government had made the " right distinction " on what politicians and the planning commission should be concentrating on .
He told Today : " Under the planning reforms , we separate the question of need and the question of specific developments , so we are in a sense making the right distinction between what politicians should make a judgment on , which is the question of need , and specific weighing of a particular development , which the IPC will do . "
He rejected Clark 's claims that the government should have addressed the matter earlier .
" We are making the decision in a timely way , " he said .
" The lights are n't going to go out .
We do have security of supply in this country but as we move towards low - carbon alternatives we need to go down the nuclear route . "
Miliband will later today stress what the government believes to be the importance of a diverse energy supply .
But the most detail will given in the nuclear policy statement , which will include a forensic assessment of the 11 sites already nominated by energy firms as well as identifying alternatives .
" Because nuclear is controversial , we wanted to make it quite clear where the sites we consider suitable are , " said one official .
The policy statements are expected to be a drawing together of already stated policy .
As well as the public consultation , which ends in February , a Commons select committee has been formed to scrutinise the statements .
Other government departments are set to produce similar policy statements on subjects including the water supply and airports .
The IPC will be kept away from the government in an attempt to remove politics from the planning decision .
The official said it was not about " concreting over the countryside " but making the system " less labyrinthine " .
The IPC would , he added , be " inquisitorial rather than adversarial " .
Utility firms keen to build plants in Britain , including EDF and E.ON , have long argued for a more certain planning regime .
Energy firms and industry experts have warned of an impending energy gap in Britain unless more large scale projects are hurriedly built .
But green groups expressed dismay at the prospect of new nuclear power and warned that the government could be open to legal challenge if the statements do not properly consider climate change .
They have also raised concerns that people will not be able to influence decisions on major projects because schemes covered by the statements will not be subject to public inquiry .
Brazilian television agency Globo is reporting that Nelson Piquet Jr. has scheduled a test for Oct. 12 with the Red Horse team in the NASCAR Truck Series League .
He will reportedly be in North Carolina on Oct. 5 to undergo an orientation session as well as a seat fitting ahead of his test a couple weeks later .
Lately , he has been in contact with Tony Kanaan , in Formula Indy and Juan Pablo Montoya , in NASCAR via Twitter which ignited rumors of him attempting to make a move to Indy or NASCAR should he be unsuccessful in remaining in Formula 1 .
His test with the Red Horse team only strengthens the validity of the rumors .
Globo reports that Nelsinho plans to start out in the third division truck series and move up one division per year with hopes of getting a seat in the top division of NASCAR by 2012 .
He has also commented on his Twitter page that he has been having positive talks with some of the new Formula 1 teams in hopes of securing his place in the league and cleaning up the bad reputation he has made for himself in his first two years of Formula 1 .
With a pronounced independent streak to match his political alignment , Bernie Sanders Bernie SandersTrump , Biden clash over health care as debate begins Biden calls Trump a ' liar ' and a ' clown ' at first debate Biden mocks Trump campaign debate claims : ' I 've got my earpiece and performance enhancers ready ' MORE of Vermont may be another headache for Democrats trying to cobble together 60 votes for healthcare reform in the coming weeks .
At a time when most attention is being paid to the Senate ’s other , more well - known Independent , Connecticut ’s Joe Lieberman , it is Sanders who could end up playing spoiler for Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( D - Nev. ) .
As Reid struggles to find 60 votes that will unite on procedural votes , his party ’s centrists are pulling the healthcare bill politically rightward while Sanders is staking out a far - left position .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked if he will support Democrats on procedural votes once the healthcare bill hits the Senate floor , Sanders was repeatedly noncommital , twice telling The Hill that he intends to push for a bill that includes a government - run , public - option insurance component and refusing to guarantee his support on cloture votes .
“ All I ’ll say for now is that I want the strongest public option possible in the bill , ” Sanders said .
“ Beyond that , we ’re going to have to look at what develops . ” Pressed further , Sanders ’s office also offered no guarantees .
“ He is pleased that Sen .
Reid has said that the bill will include a public option and he looks forward to seeing the detailed legislation , ” said a Sanders spokesman .
Sanders caucuses with Democrats , and usually falls in line with the party ’s philosophy .
But like Lieberman , he can stray on a whim — and on healthcare , his insistence on a public option may force Reid to reach out for another Republican vote even if all other Democrats support procedural votes .
In recent years , Sanders has bucked Democrats on procedural votes for the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) , on multiple immigration reform measures and on funding for U.S. troops in Iraq , among other issues .
In all , avoting scorecard shows him bucking Democrats on 10 cloture votes in 2007 alone .
Democratic leaders say Sanders behaves differently from the party ’s other centrists , such as Evan Bayh ( Ind. ) , because Sanders at least usually notifies leadership whenever he intends to cast a procedural vote against leaders ’ wishes .
Bayh often does n't .
“ Bayh surprises us , " said one senior Democratic aide .
" But we usually know what Sanders is thinking , and he 's pretty consistent .
We think he 'll be with us when it matters .
"
Yet since Sanders usually follows the lead of Democratic leaders , other observers say he is likely simply being stubborn as part of an effort to win some kind of concession for his state , as many senators do .
“ I 'd be surprised if Sanders decided to be a thorn in the leadership 's side on healthcare , ” said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor who covers the Senate for .
“ On the big issues , he is generally with them . ”
by Sunny Hundal
When Ken Livingstone lost the mayoral elections to Boris Johnson , one of the first acts under the new administration was to axe The Londonder – a freesheet distributed by the Mayor .
Even before the election the Tories attacked it as ‘ blatant propaganda ’ .
Conservatives were ecstatic – he had saved £ 2.9 million !
( Let ’s ignore for a moment how much he spent on ‘ transition ’ and salaries ) .
It was dubbed ‘ Pravda ’ for Livingstone and the Tories were glad to see the end of it .
And why not ?
The Right is ideologically opposed to state - funded media right ?
Not exactly ….
Yesterday the Media Guardian reported :
MPs today accused local councils of producing “ propaganda ” publications that could put local newspapers out of business .
Hearing evidence from representatives of local authorities , MPs of all parties on the Commons culture , media and sport select committee expressed concerns about the effect of council freesheets on rival privately owned newspapers .
They singled out one council - run paper , the fortnightly H&F News produced by the London borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
Hammersmith & Fulham is of course run by the Conservatives , which includes the enegetic and forthright councillor Harry Phibbs .
Phibbs has previously been forthright in his criticism of Ken Livingstone , and a big supporter of John McCain and capitalism .
Bizarrely those ideological tendencies do n’t seem to have had much of an impact at his own Council .
The H&F newspaper , branded as “ a pretend newspaper ” , was defended by Tory councillor Mark Loveday :
The purpose of the [ council ’s ] newspaper is to be a vehicle to communicate with residents and necessarily we are going to communicate messages we need to communicate .
Funny , Conservatives were n’t making the same argument earlier with regards to The Londoner .
I ’ll point out that I ’m generally against local - council funded newspapers because I think they destroy local media .
Council papers are little more than mouth - pieces councillors and , at worse , stop proper scrutiny of local politicians by an independent media .
You may be pleased to know that through an FOI request ( courtesy of Gary Dunion ) we ’ve turned up some interesting information .
More on that in the next installement .
It ’s worth noting that H&F News is run primarily out of the council ’s press office .
This means they ’re using taxpayer ’s money to push their own propaganda .
It ’s everything that Livingstone ’s critics said the Londoner was : misleadingly upbeat , full of spin and one - sided .
I ’m sure you ’ll understand the implications of this article ( PR Week ) we unearthed .
.
.
More soon .
Mot de passe oublié
Vous souhaitez vous connecter à votre espace client mais vous avez oublié votre mot de passe ?
Contactez votre agence ou votre centre d’affaires .
Japanese scientists have figured out why eating seafood with red wine can leave an unpleasant aftertaste .
There 's something behind that frequently discredited rule that only white wine goes with fish , the researchers say .
The flavor clash is caused by naturally occurring iron in red wine , Takayuki Tamura and colleagues report in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Now here 's a tough job :
The scientists had tasters -- all of them with wine - tasting experience -- try 38 red wines and 26 white wines while eating dried scallops .
The wines came from several countries .
The tasters ate a bit of scallop , tasted some wine and evaluated the aftertaste on a scale of 1 to 4 .
The diners found the unpleasant aftertaste was more intense with wines that had a higher iron content , the researchers say .
The amount of iron in the wine varied depending on variety , vintage and country of origin .
Read the scientists ' report here .
Of course , plain dried scallops are no diner 's dream , and how the fish is prepared is among other factors in pairing food and wine .
Plain , fried , sauced , the herbs and spices used all play a role .
In their book " Wine and Food Pairing , " Tony DiDio and Amy Zavatto suggest red wine can work with tuna , cod , lobster and other seafoods .
For more detailed suggestions for figuring out the terrain , there 's a book by Andrew Dornenburg and Karen Page , " What to Drink With What You Eat , " which The Times recommends .
-- Mary MacVean
Photo : Mike Farwell pours a glass at Noir Food and Wine in Pasadena .
Credit : Christine Cotter / Los Angeles Times
Enlarge AP Ceara Sturgis wears a tux in her preferred yearbook photo , which officials wo n't run .
JACKSON , Miss .  Veronica Rodriguez describes her daughter , 17 - year - old Ceara Sturgis , as " a perfect child " : a straight - A student , a goalie on the soccer team , a trumpet player in the band and active in Students Against Destructive Decisions .
Sturgis also is gay and feels more comfortable in boys ' clothes , her mother says .
So Rodriguez supported her daughter 's decision to wear a tuxedo , rather than the drape customary for girls , when she had her senior portrait made in July .
Now she is battling officials at Wesson Attendance Center in the Copiah County ( Miss . ) School District .
Rodriguez said she received a letter from the school in August stating that only boys could wear tuxedos and have since refused to include the photo in the school yearbook .
The conflict is one of several this year involving how school districts handle cross-dressing students .
" The yearbook is not for the parents or the teachers .
It 's for the students , " Rodriguez said .
" She 's not a troublemaker .
She is gay . "
Superintendent Ricky Clopton said the school district 's attorney has assured him they are within their rights to exclude the photo .
Sturgis said she has received support from classmates and people around the nation .
" It 's really an amazing feeling , " she said .
The Mississippi chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union warned the district that they are violating Sturgis ' constitutionally protected freedom of expression , legal director Kristy Bennett said .
Candace Gingrich of the Human Rights Campaign , which advocates on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues , said it is not uncommon for LGBT students to clash with school officials on this issue .
" It 's a matter of self - expression , " she said .
Other school conflicts this year : • In Waldorf , Md. , a Westlake High senior was denied the option of wearing a tuxedo for her yearbook photo .
Her mother complained , and the school reversed the decision after discovering other schools had allowed it , schools spokeswoman Katie O'Malley - Simpson said .
• In Dunnellon , Fla. , a 16 - year - old boy was sent home in March for violating Marion County School District dress code by wearing makeup , high - heeled boots and a bra .
The policy on the district website states that students must dress " in keeping with their gender . "
Kathy Richardson , of the school district , said the boy 's cross -dressing was an isolated event .
• In Lebanon , Ind. , school officials in March reversed a ban on cross - dressing when a female senior decided to wear a tux to the prom .
The girl sued the district , but the issue was settled when a " gender - neutral " policy was adopted .
" We were OK with making that switch , " Lebanon High Principal Kevin O'Rourke said .
In Sturgis ' case , the deadline for yearbook photos was Sept. 30 .
Rodriguez hopes the school will reconsider .
Contributing : Marquita Brown .
Joyner and Brown report for The Clarion - Ledger in Jackson , Miss .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
i could get it if i wanted
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
October 30 , 2009
The U.S. government has now extended its assassination program to the drug war .
According to the New York Times , the Pentagon now has an assassination list for suspected drug dealers in Afghanistan .
No arrests .
No hearings .
No attorneys .
No judges .
No trials .
Just kill them .
Great !
So now the occupation of Afghanistan has expanded not only to CIA drone assassinations but also now to Pentagon�s drug - war assassinations .
U.S. officials are justifying the drug - war assassinations as part of their counter - insurgency operations in Afghanistan .
They say that they �re only going to be assassinating those drug dealers whose drug trafficking is benefiting the terrorists .
I wonder how they make that determination , especially without judicial hearings and trials .
Keep in mind that U.S. officials justify their occupation of Afghanistan as part of their overall " war on terrorism . "
Keep in mind also that according to them , in the war on terrorism the entire world is a battlefield , including the United States .
As part of their war on terrorism , U.S. officials claim the power to treat Americans as " enemy combatants , " which entails the power to ignore the rights and guarantees in the Bill of Rights for people suspected of committing the federal criminal offense of terrorism .
That includes the power to arrest suspected terrorists , incarcerate them for life , torture them , and deny them due process of law .
It also includes the power to assassinate suspected terrorists , a power that U.S. officials have exercised on " the battlefield " in such places as Yemen , where they assassinated an American citizen who happened to be traveling with a suspected terrorist , Pakistan , and Afghanistan .
So far , they have not exercised the assassination power on that part of the battlefield that encompasses the United States , but they certainly now wield the post - 9/11 power to do so .
And now they have extended their assassination power to the drug war .
And without even bothering to ask Congress to enact a law giving them such power .
Hey , this is the era of the war on terrorism .
They don�t need no stinking assassination law .
All they need is a presidential order to the CIA and the military to begin assassinating people .
Will they apply their assassination power to suspected drug dealers elsewhere in the world ?
After all , doesn�t the sale of heroin everywhere likely put money into the pockets of drug producers in Afghanistan , given that that�s where 90 percent of the world�s heroin originates ?
We know that they are employing the power to assassinate suspected terrorists in different parts of the world .
Time will tell whether they do the same with suspected drug dealers , including , of course , that part of the battlefield that encompasses the United States .
Meanwhile , families are mourning the deaths of three American DEA agents and 11 U.S. soldiers who died this past week in two helicopter crashes in Afghanistan .
Fourteen more senseless deaths .
Where does this lunacy end ?
End the assassinations .
End the occupations .
End the war on terrorism .
End the war on drugs .
There is no other solution for restoring freedom , morality , peace , prosperity , and security to our nation .
In addition to walking , the Petman can crawl and perform various calisthenics , perspiring all the while from its artificial sweat glands .
Boston Dynamics has few other details , except that it took 13 months to design and 17 months to build .
But the video pretty much spooks -- er -- speaks for itself , so you 're better off throwing that on repeat .
[ via Boston Dynamics ]
THE AGE OF THE INFORMAVORE
[ FRANK SCHIRRMACHER : ]
The question I am asking myself arose through work and through discussion with other people , and especially watching other people , watching them act and behave and talk , was how technology , the Internet and the modern systems , has now apparently changed human behavior , the way humans express themselves , and the way humans think in real life .
So I 've profited a lot from Edge .
We are apparently now in a situation where modern technology is changing the way people behave , people talk , people react , people think , and people remember .
And you encounter this not only in a theoretical way , but when you meet people , when suddenly people start forgetting things , when suddenly people depend on their gadgets , and other stuff , to remember certain things .
This is the beginning , its just an experience .
But if you think about it and you think about your own behavior , you suddenly realize that something fundamental is going on .
There is one comment on Edge which I love , which is in Daniel Dennett 's response to the 2007 annual question , in which he said that we have a population explosion of ideas , but not enough brains to cover them .
As we know , information is fed by attention , so we have not enough attention , not enough food for all this information .
And , as we know — this is the old Darwinian thought , the moment when Darwin started reading Malthus — when you have a conflict between a population explosion and not enough food , then Darwinian selection starts .
And Darwinian systems start to change situations .
And so what interests me is that we are , because we have the Internet , now entering a phase where Darwinian structures , where Darwinian dynamics , Darwinian selection , apparently attacks ideas themselves : what to remember , what not to remember , which idea is stronger , which idea is weaker .
Here European thought is quite interesting , our whole history of thought , especially in the eighteenth , nineteenth , and twentieth centuries , starting from Kant to Nietzsche .
Hegel for example , in the nineteenth century , where you said which thought , which thinking succeeds and which one does n't .
We have phases in the nineteenth century , where you could have chosen either way .
You could have gone the way of Schelling , for example , the German philosopher , which was totally different to that of Hegel .
And so this question of what survives , which idea survives , and which idea drowns , which idea starves to death , is something which , in our whole system of thought , is very , very known , and is quite an issue .
And now we encounter this structure , this phenomenon , in everyday thinking .
It 's the question : what is important , what is not important , what is important to know ?
Is this information important ?
Can we still decide what is important ?
And it starts with this absolutely normal , everyday news .
But now you encounter , at least in Europe , a lot of people who think , what in my life is important , what is n't important , what is the information of my life .
And some of them say , well , it 's in Facebook .
And others say , well , it 's on my blog .
And , apparently , for many people it 's very hard to say it 's somewhere in my life , in my lived life .
Gerd Gigerenzer , to whom I talked and whom I find a fascinating thinker , notes that thinking itself somehow leaves the brain and uses a platform outside of the human body .
And that , of course , is the Internet and it's the cloud .
Very soon we will have the brain in the cloud .
And the raises the question about the importance of thoughts .
For centuries , what was important for me was decided in my brain .
But now , apparently , it will be decided somewhere else .
Of course , everybody knows we have a revolution , but we are now really entering the cognitive revolution of it all .
In Europe , and in America too — and it's not by chance — we have a crisis of all the systems that somehow are linked to either thinking or to knowledge .
It 's the publishing companies , it 's the newspapers , it 's the media , it 's TV .
But it 's as well the university , and the whole school system , where it is not a normal crisis of too few teachers , too many pupils , or whatever ; too small universities ; too big universities .
Now , it 's totally different .
When you follow the discussions , there 's the question of what to teach , what to learn , and how to learn .
Even for universities and schools , suddenly they are confronted with the question how can we teach ?
What is the brain actually taking ?
Or the problems which we have with attention deficit and all that , which are reflections and , of course , results , in a way , of the technical revolution ?
Gerd Gigerenzer , to whom I talked and who I find a fascinating thinker , put it in such a way that thinking itself somehow leaves the brain and uses a platform outside of the human body .
And that 's the Internet and it's the cloud .
And very soon we will have the brain in the cloud .
And this raises the question of the importance of thoughts .
For centuries , what was important for me was decided in my brain .
But now , apparently , it will be decided somewhere else .
The European point of view , with our history of thought , and all our idealistic tendencies , is that now you can see — because they did n't know that the Internet would be coming , in the fifties or sixties or seventies — that the whole idea of the Internet somehow was built in the brains , years and decades before it actually was there , in all the different sciences .
And when you see how the computer —
Gigerenzer wrote a great essay about that — how the computer at first was somehow isolated , it was in the military , in big laboratories , and so on .
And then the moment the computer , in the seventies and then of course in the eighties , was spread around , and every doctor , every household had a computer , suddenly the metaphors that were built in the fifties , sixties , seventies , then had their triumph .
And so people had to use the computer .
As they say , the computer is the last metaphor for the human brain ; we do n't need any more .
It succeeded because the tool shaped the thought when it was there , but all the thinking , like in brain sciences and all the others , had already happened , in the sixties , seventies , fifties even .
But the interesting question is , of course , the Internet — I do n't know if they really expected the Internet to evolve the way it did — I read books from the nineties , where they still do n't really know that it would be as huge as it is .
And , of course , nobody predicted Google at that time .
And nobody predicted the Web .
Now , what I find interesting is that if you see the computer and the Web , and all this , under the heading of " the new technologies , " we have , in the late nineteenth century , this big discussion about the human motor .
The new machines in the late nineteenth century required that the muscles of the human being should be adapted to the new machines .
Especially in Austria and Germany , we have this new thinking , where people said , first of all , we have to change muscles .
The term " calories " was invented in the late nineteenth century , in order to optimize the human work force .
Now , in the twenty - first century , you have all the same issues , but now with the brain , what was the adaptation of muscles to the machines , now under the heading of multitasking — which is quite a problematic issue .
The human muscle in the head , the brain , has to adapt .
And , as we know from just very recent studies , it 's very hard for the brain to adapt to multitasking , which is only one issue .
And again with calories and all that .
I think it 's very interesting , the concept — again , Daniel Dennett and others said it — the concept of the informavores , the human being as somebody eating information .
So you can , in a way , see that the Internet and that the information overload we are faced with at this very moment has a lot to do with food chains , has a lot to do with food you take or not to take , with food which has many calories and does n't do you any good , and with food that is very healthy and is good for you .
The tool is not only a tool , it shapes the human who uses it .
We always have the concept , first you have the theory , then you build the tool , and then you use the tool .
But the tool itself is powerful enough to change the human being .
God as the clockmaker , I think you said .
Then in the Darwinian times , God was an engineer .
And now He , of course , is the computer scientist and a programmer .
What is interesting , of course , is that the moment neuroscientists and others used the computer , the tool of the computer , to analyze human thinking , something new started .
The idea that thinking itself can be conceived in technical terms is quite new .
Even in the thirties , of course , you had all these metaphors for the human body , even for the brain ; but , for thinking itself , this was very , very late .
Even in the sixties , it was very hard to say that thinking is like a computer .
You had once in Edge , years ago , a very interesting talk with Patty Maes on " Intelligence Augmentation " when she was one of the first who invented these intelligent agents .
And there , you and Jaron Lanier , and others , asked the question about the concept of free will .
And she explained it and it was n't that big an issue , of course , because it was just intelligent agents like the ones we know from Amazon and others .
But now , entering real - time Internet and all the other possibilities in the near future , the question of predictive search and others , of determinism , becomes much more interesting .
The question of free will , which always was a kind of theoretical question — even very advanced people said , well , we declare there is no such thing as free will , but we admit that people , during their chidhood , will have been culturally programmed so they believe in free will .
The question of prediction will be the issue of the future and such questions will have impact on the concept of free will .
We are now confronted with theories by psychologist John Bargh and others who claim there is no such thing as free will .
This kind of claim is a very big issue here in Germany and it will be a much more important issue in the future than we think today .
The way we predict our own life , the way we are predicted by others , through the cloud , through the way we are linked to the Internet , will be matters that impact every aspect of our lives .
But now , when you have a generation — in the next evolutionary stages , the child of today — which are adapted to systems such as the iTunes " Genius " , which not only know which book or which music file they like , and which goes farther and farther in predictive certain things , like predicting whether the concert I am watching tonight is good or bad .
Google will know it beforehand , because they know how people talk about it .
What will this mean for the question of free will ?
Because , in the bottom line , there are , of course , algorithms , who analyze or who calculate certain predictabilities .
And I 'm wondering if the comfort of free will or not free will would be a very , very tough issue of the future .
At this very moment , we have a new government in Germany ; they are just discussing the what kind of effect this will have on politics .
And one of the issues , which of course at this very moment seems to be very isolated , is the question how to predict certain terroristic activities , which they could use , from blogs — as you know , in America , you have the same thing .
But this can go farther and farther .
The question of prediction will be the issue of the future and such questions will have impact on the concept of free will .
We are now confronted with theories by psychologist John Bargh and others who claim there is no such thing as free will .
This kind of claim is a very big issue here in Germany and it will be a much more important issue in the future than we think today .
The way we predict our own life , the way we are predicted by others , through the cloud , through the way we are linked to the Internet , will be matters that impact every aspect of our lives .
And , of course , this will play out in the work force — the new German government seems to be very keen on this issue , to at least prevent the worst impact on people , on workplaces .
It 's very important to stress that we are not talking about cultural pessimism .
What we are talking about is that a new technology which is in fact a technology which is a brain technology , to put it this way , which is a technology which has to do with intelligence , which has to do with thinking , that this new technology now clashes in a very real way with the history of thought in the European way of thinking .
Unlike America , as you might know , in Germany we had a party for the first time in the last elections which totally comes out of the Internet .
They are called The Pirates .
In their beginning they were computer scientists concerned with questions of copyright and all that .
But it 's now much , much more .
In the recent election , out of the blue , they received two percent of the votes , which is a lot for a new party which only exists on the Internet .
And the voters were mainly 30 , 40 , 50 percent young males .
Many , many young males .
They 're all very keen on new technologies .
Of course , they are computer kids and all that .
But this party , now , for the first time , reflects the way which we know , theoretically , in a very pragmatic and political way .
For example , one of the main issues , as I just described , the question of the adaptation of muscles to modern systems , either in the brain or in the body , is a question of the digital Taylorism .
As far as we can see , I would say , we have three important concepts of the nineteenth century , which somehow come back in a very personalized way , just like you have a personalized newspaper .
This is Darwinism , the whole question .
And , in a very real sense , look at the problem with Google and the newspapers .
Darwinism , but as well the whole question of who survives in the net , in the thinking ; who gets more traffic ; who gets less traffic , and so .
And then you have the concept of communism , which comes back to the question of free , the question that people work for free .
And not only those people who sit at home and write blogs , but also many people in publishing companies , newspapers , do a lot of things for free or offer them for free .
And then , third , of course , Taylorism , which is a non-issue , but we now have the digital Taylorism , but with an interesting switch .
At least in the nineteenth century and the early twentieth century , you could still make others responsible for your own deficits in that you could say , well , this is just really terrible , it 's exhausting , and it 's not human , and so on .
Now , look at the concept , for example , of multitasking , which is a real problem for the brain .
You do n't think that others are responsible for it , but you meet many people who say , well , I am not really good at it , and it's my problem , and I forget , and I am just overloaded by information .
What I find interesting that three huge political concepts of the nineteenth century come back in a totally personalized way , and that we now , for the first time , have a political party — a small political party , but it will in fact influence the other parties — who address this issue , again , in this personalized way .
It 's a kind of catharsis , this Twittering , and so on .
But now , of course , this kind of information conflicts with many other kinds of information .
And , in a way , one could argue — I know that was the case with Iran — that maybe the future will be that the Twitter information about an uproar in Iran competes with the Twitter information of Ashton Kutcher , or Paris Hilton , and so on .
The question is to understand which is important .
What is important , what is not important is something very linear , it 's something which needs time , at least the structure of time .
Now , you have simultaneity , you have everything happening in real time .
And this impacts politics in a way which might be considered for the good , but also for the bad .
Because suddenly it 's gone again .
And the next piece of information , and the next piece of information — and if now — and this is something which , again , has very much to do with the concept of the European self , to take oneself seriously , and so on — now , as Google puts it , they say , if I understand it rightly , in all these webcams and cell phones — are full of information .
There are photos , there are videos , whatever .
And they all should be , if people want it , shared .
And all the thoughts expressed in any university , at this very moment , there could be thoughts we really should know .
I mean , in the nineteenth century , it was not possible .
But maybe there is one student who is much better than any of the thinkers we know .
So we will have an overload of all these information , and we will be dependent on systems that calculate , that make the selection of this information .
And , as far as I can see , political information somehow is n't distinct from it .
It 's the same issue .
It 's a question of whether I have information from my family on the iPhone , or whether I have information about our new government .
And so this incredible amount of information somehow becomes equal , and very , very personalized .
And you have personalized newspapers .
This will be a huge problem for politicians .
From what I hear , they are now very interested in , for example , Google 's page rank ; in the question how , with mathematical systems , you can , for example , create information cascades as a kind of artificial information overload .
And , as you know , you can do this .
And we are just not prepared for that .
It 's not too early .
In the last elections we , for the first time , had blogs , where you could see they started to create information cascades , not only with human beings , but as well with BOTs and other stuff .
And this is , as I say , only the beginning .
Germany still has a very strong anti-technology movement , which is quite interesting insofar as you can't really say it 's left - wing or right - wing .
As you know , very right - wing people , in German history especially , were very anti-technology .
But it changed a lot .
And why it took so long , I would say , has demographic reasons .
As we are in an aging society , and the generation which is now 40 or 50 , in Germany , had their children very late .
The whole evolutionary change , through the new generation — first , they are fewer , and then they came later .
It 's not like in the sixties , seventies , with Warhol .
And the fifties .
These were young societies .
It happened very fast .
We took over all these interesting influences from America , very , very fast , because we were a young society .
Now , somehow it really took a longer time , but now that is for sure we are entering , for demographic reasons , the situation where a new generation which is — as you see with The Pirates as a party — they 're a new generation , which grew up with modern systems , with modern technology .
They are now taking the stage and changing society .
What did Shakespeare , and Kafka , and all these great writers — what actually did they do ?
They translated society into literature .
And of course , at that stage , society was something very real , something which you could see .
And they translated modernization into literature .
Now we have to find people who translate what happens on the level of software .
At least for newspapers , we should have sections that review software in a different way , at least the structures of software .
What did Shakespeare , and Kafka , and all these great writers — what actually did they do ?
They translated society into literature .
And of course , at that stage , society was something very real , something which you could see .
And they translated modernization into literature .
And now we have to find people who translate what happens on the level of software .
At least for newspapers , we should have sections reviewing software in a different way ; at least the structures of software .
One must say , all the big companies are American companies , except SAP .
But Google and all these others , they are American companies .
I would say we were n't very good at inventing .
We are not very good at getting people to study computer science and other things .
And I must say — and this is not meant as flattery of America , or Edge , or you , or whosoever — what I really miss is that we do n't have this type of computationally - minded intellectual — though it started in Germany once , decades ago — such as Danny Hillis and other people who participate in a kind of intellectual discussion , even if only a happy few read and react to it .
Not many German thinkers have adopted this kind of computational perspective .
The ones who do exist have their own platform and actually created a new party .
This is something we are missing , because there has always been a kind of an attitude of arrogance towards technology .
For example , I am responsible for the entire cultural sections and science sections of FAZ .
And we published reviews about all these wonderful books on science and technology , and that 's fascinating and that 's good .
But , in a way , the really important texts , which somehow write our life today and which are , in a way , the stories of our life — are , of course , the software — and these texts were n't reviewed .
We should have found ways of transcribing what happens on the software level much earlier — like Patty Maes or others , just to write it , to rewrite it in a way that people understand what it actually means .
I think this is a big lack .
What did Shakespeare , and Kafka , and all these great writers — what actually did they do ?
They translated society into literature .
And of course , at that stage , society was something very real , something which you could see .
And they translated modernization into literature .
And now we have to find people who translate what happens on the level of software .
At least for newspapers , we should have sections reviewing software in a different way ; at least the structures of software .
We are just beginning to look at this in Germany .
And we are looking for people — it 's not very many people — who have the ability to translate that .
It needs to be done because that 's what makes us who we are .
You will never really understand in detail how Google works because you do n't have access to the code .
They do n't give you the information .
But just think of George Dyson 's essay , which I love , " Turing 's Cathedral . "
This is a very good beginning .
He absolutely has the point .
It is today 's version of the kind of cathedral we would be entering if we lived in the eleventh century .
It 's incredible that people are building this cathedral of the digital age .
And as he points out , when he visited Google , he saw all the books they were scanning , and noted that they said they are not scanning these books for humans to read , but for the artificial intelligence to read .
Who are the big thinkers here ?
In Germany , for me at least , for my work , there are a couple of key figures .
One of them is Gerd Gigerenzer , who is somebody who is absolutely — I would say he is actually avant - garde , at this very moment , because what he does is he teaches heuristics .
And from what we see , we have an amputation of heuristics , through the technologies , as well .
People forget certain heuristics .
It starts with a calculation , because you have the calculator , but it goes much further .
And you will lose many more rules of thumb in the future because the systems are doing that , Google and all the others .
So Gigerenzer , in his thinking — and he has a big Institute now — on risk assessment , as well , is very , very important .
You could link him , in a way , actually to Nassim Taleb , because again here you have the whole question of not risk assessment , the question of looking back , looking into the future , and all that .
Very important in literature , still , though he is 70 years old , 80 years old , is of course Hans Magnus Enzensberger .
Peter Sloterdijk is a very important philosopher ; a kind of literary figure , but he is important .
But then you have , not unlike in the nineteenth or twentieth century , there are many leading figures .
But I must say , as well as Gigerenzer , he writes all his books in English , we have quite interesting people , at this very moment , in law , which is very important for discussions of copyright and all that .
But regarding the conversations of new technologies and human thought , they , at this very moment , do n't really take place in Germany .
There are European thinkers who have cult followings — Slajov Zizek , for example .
Ask any intellectual in Germany , and they will tell you Zizek is just the greatest .
He 's a kind of communist , but he considers himself Stalinistic , even .
But this is , of course , all labels .
Wild thinkers .
Europeans , at this very moment , love wild thinkers .
__
Also by Frank Schirrmacher on Edge : " Wake - Up Call for Europe Tech " by Frank Schirrmacher Related Reading on Edge :
The Simplifier " : A Conversation with John A. Bargh
" The Evaporation of the Powerful Mystique of Religion " by Daniel Dennett
" Turing 's Cathedral " by George Dyson
" The Second Coming : A Manisfesto " by David Gelernter
" Lord of the Cloud : John Markoff and Clay Shirky talk to David Gelernter "
" Smart Heuristics " : A Talk with Gerd Gigerenzer "
" Aristotle : The Knowledge Web " by W. Daniel Hillis
The Genius : W. Daniel Hillis .
Chapter 13 in Digerati
" One - Half A Manifesto " by Jaron Lanier
" Intelligence Augmentation " : A Talk with Patty Maes
The Australian Classification Board has written to Government expressing concerns that mobile phone applications are being made available in Australia without being subject to a ratings process .
Whilst movies and computer games are subject to ratings ( G , PG , M etc ) from the Classification Board , the many thousands of games released as mobile apps on smartphone platforms such as the Apple iPhone bypass the process .
" I recently wrote to the minister regarding my concern that some so - called mobile phone applications , which can be purchased online or either downloaded to mobile phones or played online via mobile phone access , are not being submitted to the board for classification , " Australia 's Classification Board director Donald McDonald told a Senate Estimates committee in Canberra on Monday .
McDonald was referring to Commonwealth Censorship Minister Brendan O'Connor .
A spokesman for the Classification Board told iTnews the director of the Classification Board was " referring to mobile phone applications which are computer games " .
McDonald made the comment after informing Senators that the Classification Board had recently classified online game World of Warcraft with a rating of ' M ' , five years after the game became available in Australia .
" While this is not the first online game to be classified by the board , World of Warcraft is arguably the most popular online game in the world , and the fact that it was not classified attracted industry and media interest , " McDonald said .
Should the Classification Board be asked to rate downloadable mobile applications , the numbers of apps available to Australians on the Apple iTunes store alone would prove overwhelming .
According to Apple , there are over 80,000 applications on its iTunes store - the platform it uses to deliver games and applications to the iPhone .
At present , Apple controls what goes on its App store .
Earlier this year the company approved an application named Baby Shaker in which the object is to shake a crying baby to death .
The Baby Shaker app was removed shortly after approval and was available to Australians .
Apple eventually removed the application from its iTunes store after deciding it was not appropriate .
Apps such as Baby Shaker could be prevented from entering the iTunes store in Australia if refused classification by the Classification Board .
The Classification Board told iTnews it could not speculate on whether the Baby Shaker application was indeed a game " without seeing the application in its entirety " and reaffirmed " the Board will classify films , computer games and publications upon receipt of a valid application " .
Apple spokesman Fiona Martin told iTnews that the company had always adhered to Australian law and would be prepared to make any changes if required .
" We do what the Australian Classification people tell us to do , " she said .
Martin said there were " no laws " governing mobile applications today .
" But if there is a legal requirement within Australia to do something , absolutely we would adhere to that requirement , " she said .
The Classification board said it would " apply the National Classification Code , the Classification Act , and the Guidelines for the Classification of Films and Computer " when classifying mobile applications .
In 2008 - 09 the classification board received 7,036 applications .
That figure included applications for classifying 4,792 films , 1,095 computer games and 197 publications .
CORRECTION -
The original version of this article reported that the director of the Classification Board Donald McDonald was referring to Communications Minister Senator Stephen Conroy as " the minister " whom he wrote to .
iTnews has since been informed that Minister McDonald was referring to Commonwealth Censorship Minister Brendan O'Connor .
Should mobile apps be classified ?
Tell us what you think !
SARATOGA SPRINGS — Seventh - grader Adam Marino is getting a firsthand lesson in civil disobedience .
The 12 - year - old and his mother , Janette Kaddo Marino , are defying Saratoga Springs school policy by biking to Maple Avenue Middle School on Route 9 .
The Jackson Street residents pedal more than four miles together each way to the middle school on nice days despite being told not to by school officials and police .
" I guess you can say that we continue to do what we feel is our right , " Kaddo Marino said recently .
" We feel strongly we have a right to get to school by a mode of transportation we deem appropriate . "
Their methods may be unconventional , but the Marinos are part of a growing number of Americans challenging the sedentary habits of today 's youths and what they view as overanxious " helicopter " parenting .
As fewer children walk and bike to school nationwide , parents have started groups like the " Walking School Bus , " which promotes physical activity and fitness in youth by having them walk to school with adults .
Parents and teachers at Niskayuna 's Hillside Elementary School implemented the state 's first Walking School Bus program .
Separately , this week marks the end of the first " Children and Nature : Saratoga — Come Out and Play , " a week of outdoor events in Saratoga Springs coordinated by the local chapter of a national organization that seeks to " reconnect " children and their families to the outdoors .
Riding his 21 - speed Giant mountain bike to school benefits Adam Marino 's health and the environment , his mother says , and Adam believes it makes him a better student .
" It would be really nice if it got changed , " he said of the school policy .
The youngster may get his way .
While the school district does not allow elementary school or Maple Avenue students to ride bikes to school , that could change in the coming weeks , Superintendent Janice
White said .
The Board of Education could vote to amend the policy on Oct. 13 , when it is scheduled to discuss a recommendation from a district - formed committee .
" Supervised , parent / guardian bike riding may be permitted at specific sites in the future , " White said in an interview Friday .
The school has no legal responsibility over what occurs on Route 9 , she added .
The biking debate started last spring , when school district officials told Kaddo Marino that Adam was violating school rules by biking to class .
Walking to the school also is not permitted .
Kaddo Marino challenged the policy and asked the school board to change it .
The district charged a committee to review the rule , which was instituted in 1994 .
At the start of school in September , Kaddo Marino thought that she had a nonverbal agreement with school officials to allow her son to ride his bike until a new policy was resolved .
But on the night before classes started , school authorities called parents to say that walking and biking to school would not be tolerated .
When the pair stuck with their plan , they were met by school administrators and a state trooper , who emphasized that biking was prohibited , Kaddo Marino said .
In response , members of an advocacy group , Saratoga Healthy Transportation Network , rallied around the mother and son by accompanying them on their rides to school .
They go an average of twice a week .
Mom rides to the school to join her son coming home .
Route 9 is a state road also called Maple Avenue .
The suburban thoroughfare is busy with cars and businesses .
It has crosswalks and wide shoulders , but no bike lanes .
More for you News School district revises bike policy
The accident rate on the road near the school is less than the statewide average for similar streets , and no bike accidents have been reported in the last three years ending Feb.
1 , according to Mark Kennedy , regional traffic engineer at the state Department of Transportation .
At Burnt Hills - Ballston
Lake schools , officials allow elementary and middle school students to ride their bikes to school if they bring in notes from their parents , spokeswoman Christy Multer said .
About six to 10 middle school students ride on nice days , Multer said .
They park their bikes in racks , and leave after buses depart .
Dennis Yusko can be reached at 454-5353 or by e-mail at dyusko@timesunion.com
The amazing photo below shows a group of Chimpanzees at the Sanaga - Yong Chimpanzee Rescue Centre in eastern Cameroon lined up solemnly near a fence after one of their fellow chimps died an is taken away .
Chimpanzees are normally very noisy creatures , but after the passing of one of their fellow chimps , an elderly female named Dorothy , the entire group rushed over to the fence and watched in silence as her body was buried .
They sat there by the fence with their hands on each others shoulders as if mourning and consoling each other .
The photo was taken by Monica Szczupider , a worker at the rescue center .
She said Dorothy the chimp was well into her thirties when she died of heart failure after being ill .
Szczupider said :
“ This is a funeral shot .
We were burying Dorothy .
We brought her in the wheelbarrow to let the others see .
“ It was unbelievably emotional .
We were all struck .
Even the employees , all of whom grew up as villagers potentially eating apes , before they were a delicacy , were emotional .
“ I think every last one of us was silenced by their silence . ”
R.I.P. Dorothy .
Photo and story : TheSun.co.uk
President Barack Obama is working systematically to marginalize the most powerful forces behind the Republican Party , setting loose top White House officials to undermine conservatives in the media , business and lobbying worlds .
Obama strategy : Marginalize critics
This is the first of a two - part look at the marginalization of the GOP .
Tomorrow : GOP officials fear that the party 's image is being defined increasingly by boisterous conservative commentators .
President Obama is working systematically to marginalize the most powerful forces behind the Republican Party , setting loose top White House officials to undermine conservatives in the media , business and lobbying worlds .
Advertisement
With a series of private meetings and public taunts , the White House has targeted the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the biggest - spending pro-business lobbying group in the country ; Rush Limbaugh , the country ’s most - listened - to conservative commentator ; and now , with a new volley of combative rhetoric in recent days , the insurance industry , Wall Street executives and Fox News .
Obama aides are using their powerful White House platform , combined with techniques honed in the 2008 campaign , to cast some of the most powerful adversaries as out of the mainstream and their criticism as unworthy of serious discussion .
Press secretary Robert Gibbs has mocked Limbaugh from the White House press room podium .
White House aides limited access to the Chamber and made top adviser Valerie Jarrett available to reporters to disparage the group .
Everyone from White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel to White House Communications Director Anita Dunn has piled on Fox News by contending it ’s not a legitimate news operation .
All of the techniques are harnessed to a larger purpose : to marginalize not only the individual person or organization but also some of the most important policy and publicity allies of the national Republican Party .
Dunn said that in August , as the president ’s aides planned for the fall , they made “ a fundamental decision that we needed to be more aggressive in both protecting our position and in delineating our differences with those who were attacking us . ”
“ It was a time for us to look at the extraordinary success we ’ve had in terms of legislation but also to look at where we needed to be more aggressive in defining what the choices are , and in protecting and pushing forward our agenda , ” she said .
The campaign underscores how deeply political the Obama White House is in its daily operations — with a strong focus on redrawing the electoral map and discrediting the personalities and ideas that have powered the conservative movement over the past 20 years .
This determination has manifested itself in small ways :
This president has done three times as many fundraisers as President George W. Bush had at this point in his term .
And in large ones : Beginning with their contretemps with Limbaugh last winter , Obama ’s most important advisers miss few opportunities for public and highly partisan shots at his most influential critics .
It ’s too early to tell if the campaign is working , but it ’s clearly exacerbating partisan tensions in Washington .
“ They won — why do n’t they act like it ? ” said Dana Perino , former White House press secretary to Bush .
“ The more they fight , the more defensive they look .
It ’s only been 10 months , and they ’re burning bridges in a lot of different places . ”
White House officials see things differently .
They see an opportunity to corner critics of the president ’s policies , especially on health care and financial regulations , and , in the process , further marginalize the Republican Party .
Privately , officials have talked with relish for months of the potential to isolate the GOP as a narrow party of white , Southern conservatives with little appeal to independent - minded voters .
This wo n’t happen overnight , but a combination of demographics — especially the explosion of a Hispanic population that has been voting for Democrats — the near - extinction of Republicans in the Northeast and the steady rightward drift of the GOP ’s grass - roots activists at least makes it a plausible goal .
By design or not , nearly every Republican whom Obama has nominated for a White House job — Ray LaHood for Transportation , Judd Gregg for Commerce and John McHugh for the Army — represents an area Democrats can take back if the sitting Republican is gone .
None is from the South .
So is the strategy working ?
White House officials point to a new ABC News / Washington
Post poll to argue the answer is emphatically yes .
Only 20 percent of those surveyed identified themselves as Republicans , the lowest in 26 years of asking the question .
As bad as that number is , the news about independents is arguably worse .
A staggering 83 percent of all independents surveyed said they do n’t trust Republicans to make the right decisions .
It ’s impossible to credit the Obama White House for these numbers , however .
Republicans can claim the bulk of the responsibility after a decade of scandals , unpopular wars , unprecedented spending and a broad loss of public trust .
The White House approach could backfire if Obama looks too political or petty , some Democrats say privately .
The skeptical reaction to the attacks on Fox News shows this is a possibility : Key commentators have argued that it is foolish of the White House to spend so much time slamming one network simply because it dislikes much of its programming .
An experienced Democratic strategist who likes Obama said his team was having a tough time striking the right balance between short - term skirmishing and the president ’s long - term image .
“ The key to their success — short term and long term — is his personal likability and approval rating , ” said the strategist , who requested anonymity in order to speak bluntly .
“ They ’ve taken their eye off that ball a little bit . ”
Charlie Black , a Republican lobbyist who was senior political adviser to last year ’s presidential campaign of Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , said the White House salvos are “ a far cry from the post - partisan , consensus - driven , unifying approach ” that was Obama ’s signature during the campaign .
“ Fighting with a bunch of different institutions turns him into a typical politician and makes people cynical that anyone ’s really going to change Washington , ” Black said .
“ A big part of his ‘ hope and change ’ message was : ‘ We ’re gong to talk to everyone . ’
He might have had great intentions , but human nature and politics do n’t change much . ”
Politics is carrying the day right now .
Consider the past week alone .
Jarrett made clear in an interview with POLITICO that the Chamber is on the outs with the White House .
She then confirmed White House displeasure with the group to The Washington Post .
The Chamber is as important to the GOP ’s business strategy as any group in the country .
The association spent $ 35 million lobbying in the third quarter of this year alone — more than the next 18 biggest spending groups in the country combined .
It has lost some corporate members over the climate change fight , and the White House sees the potential to forge closer relations with individual companies and CEOs .
White House officials said they continue to meet with the Chamber and maintain that they are not at war , while acknowledging that they continue to have significant public differences .
Fox News has been getting the Limbaugh treatment — on steroids .
Earlier this year , Gibbs and others relentlessly hammered the talk show host and worked to portray him as the spokesman for the Republican Party .
“ They knew it was going to help Limbaugh but hurt the Republicans , ” said Democratic strategist James Carville .
That was child ’s play compared with the Fox drubbing .
Dunn has done countless interviews to slam Fox and its opinion - dominated coverage — and Emanuel and White House senior adviser David Axelrod joined in over the weekend .
The White House has cooperated gladly with stories explaining why it is on the warpath against the network .
The campaign against the insurance industry , a major supporter of GOP fundraising , likewise has cranked up dramatically in recent weeks , especially after the industry released a report warning of big increases in insurance premiums if the Democratic health bill becomes law .
It is clear the White House now wants to isolate the industry as the most obstructionist and irresponsible corporate player in the health debate .
As for the broader effort to marginalize the GOP , Obama on Tuesday campaigned for a little - known Democratic candidate from an upstate New York congressional district — who is running for the seat that opened up when McHugh accepted the nomination to run the Army .
Dunn said the president ’s image is not suffering from the new aggressiveness .
“ The president is who he ’s always been , ” she said .
“ He has continued to reach out to people who disagree with him , to look for common ground .
He has adopted Republican ideas , even if our programs do n’t get Republican votes .
People give him credit because he has tried .
And people want to see him defend himself . ”
Follow the discussion about this story in POLITICO ’s Arena .
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
This post might be offensive to some .
Nevertheless , it is something that needs to be written about .
Over the past few months , I wrote about the fact that many seem to view BDSM as the answer to all their life problems .
Sadly , the truth is that this is not the case .
We live an alternative lifestyle .
Nevertheless , it does not shield us from the basic everyday life situations that people encounter .
Life is still life and fundamental coping skills need to be applied .
That being said , it seems that many who are drawn to this way of life cannot deal with situations emotionally .
Their life is continual drama .
We see the results in their life and wonder why can't they see their missteps .
People live the way they do because of choices they made .
Repeated situations are not always the fault of others .
Emotional drama is something that nobody can seriously deal with long - term .
Not in a healthy manner .
People who tend to reside in this mindset are apt to tear everyone around them down .
This includes children , family , and a Master / Dom or slave / sub .
At some point , people need to grow up .
I see so much emotional maturity with some people .
This is true of both dominant and submissive types .
Both have people who qualify for this title .
They missed the idea that it was time to grow up emotionally .
Life is not a series of crisis that one moves through .
If you cannot handle your life , perhaps you need to address that .
It is sad to see someone live in a world of total delusion .
There are many who cannot differentiate reality from fantasy .
Well , if one is looking to BDSM to fulfill the fairy tale , I believe you are in for a letdown .
Life does not operate that way .
Those who succeed have the ability to emotionally cope with unenviable situations .
This is true regardless of the lifestyle choice one lives by .
Life does not have to be filled with drama .
This is a choice a person makes .
Some will make like they are powerless over the circumstances in his or her life .
The truth is that we often make choices which put ourselves in the path of negative consequences .
Accept it and move on .
If you find that your life is filled with drama , maybe you should look at the way you approach things .
Perhaps it is time to release some attachment to something or someone .
Some people will suck all the life out of you if allowed .
This is something that you should take extreme care to avoid .
I found that dealing with emotionally challenged people is next to impossible .
These people need to learn to take some responsibility for their actions .
Until that point is achieved , there is little that can be done for them .
Submitting to a person of this nature means that you will end up carrying the relationship ( in addition to probably being physically abused since that is how many deal with emotional immaturity ) .
Or , if you are the dominant type , trying to continually appease someone of this makeup will consume all your time and energy .
In the end , neither situation will be very fulfilling .
Growth is an important aspect of life .
If one is unwilling to undergo the changes necessary to accomplish this end , he or she will be a burden on others .
We just got a stack of Droid review units at Engadget HQ , and we 're told that this is in fact the final packaging .
The charger is just Micro USB , and that 's really all you get in the box -- the docks will cost you extra .
We 're digging for pricing info on those , we 'll let you know .
Tuesday , September 22 , 2009 | 8:00 AM
Earlier this year , we launched Google Sync which allows you to synchronize your Gmail Contacts and Google Calendar with your iPhone , Windows Mobile , and S60 devices .
Today , we 're adding Gmail support to Google Sync for iPhone , iPod Touch and Windows Mobile devices .
Using Google Sync , you can now get your Gmail messages pushed directly to your phone .
Having an over - the - air , always - on connection means that your inbox is up to date , no matter where you are or what you 're doing .
Sync works with your phone 's native email application so there 's no additional software needed .
Only interested in syncing your Gmail , but not your Calendar ?
Google Sync allows you to sync just your Contacts , Calendar , or Gmail , or any combination of the three .
To try Google Sync , visit m.google.com / sync from your computer .
If you 're already using Google Sync , learn how to enable Gmail sync .
Since push Gmail has been a popular request on our Product Ideas page and Help Forum , we look forward to hearing your feedback , so drop us a line and let us know how it 's working or what you 'd like to see next .
Douglas Gresham , Software Engineer , Google Mobile
Update at 8:20 am : We jumped the gun on this post .
The new feature should be rolling out in a few minutes .
Sponsored Link
On a single user system i like to have the same background for bootsplash , login screen and desktop .
As the new xsplash and gdm in ubuntu karmic ( 9.10 ) makes this easy to access .
Note :-
Before running this script take a backup of the default background file located at /usr / share / images / xsplash .
Depends on
-- xsplash ( default on ubuntu karmic )
-- imagemagick
Install imagemagick
sudo apt - get install imagemagick
or click on the following link
apt://imagemagick
Download the script from here
1. Unpack wallpaper_daemon.py , store it anywhere you like ( e.g. ~/.scripts ) and make it executable ( chmod +x wallpaper_daemon.py ) .
2. Run ./wallpaper_daemon.py -- install
3 . Add wallpaper_daemon.py to the startup programs ( gnome- session - properties ) .
4. restart
Testing ( without restarting )
Just start change your desktop wallpaper as you normally do ( e.g. through gnome - appearance - properties ) .
Type sudo xsplash in a terminal to see the splash screen ( exit with ESC ) or log out to see the login screen .
Uninstall / Restore Default Xsplash
1. Remove wallpaper_daemon.py from the startup programs ( gnome- session - properties ) .
2. Extract your backup file .
If you used the install routine this file is called backup .
TIMESTAMP ( where TIMESTAMP is dynamically generated number ) and located at /usr / share / images / xsplash .
To get the extraction path right use the following command ( you may use the TAB key to complete backup .
with the right timestamp number ) :
tar - C / - xf /usr / share / images/xsplash/backup.TIMESTAMP
3. Version 1.0 only :
sudo -u gdm gconftool - 2 -t string -s / desktop / gnome/background/picture_filename /usr/share/images/xsplash/bg_2560x1600.jpg
4. restart ( dont change your desktop wallpaper before restarting ! )
Customize GDM
You want to use your gtk and icon theme for the login screen ?
Run ./wallpaper_daemon.py -- gdm ( Note that this only works for system wide installed themes )
If you want to use a different theme than the one you are using on your desktop just use the following commands and replace $ my_..._ theme with the name of the theme you want to use :
sudo -u gdm gconftool - 2 -- set -- type string / desktop / gnome/ interface/gtk_theme $ my_gtk_theme
sudo -u gdm gconftool - 2 -- set -- type string / desktop / gnome/interface/icon_theme $ my_icon_theme
To restore the default gdm themes run ./wallpaper_daemon.py -- restore-gdm
Screenshots
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Hey , good luck with that !
I 'm sure the shy and uncertain Rep.
Grayson will fold quickly under all the Republican wonderfulness :
Republicans eager to unseat a brash Orlando Democrat who said their party 's health care plan amounts to hoping people " die quickly " have so far been unsuccessful in finding a candidate .
But now comes a willing Republican -- all the way from South Florida .
Armando Gutierrez Jr. , son of one of Miami's best - known political consultants and a member of local civic boards , voted in the city of Coral Gables as recently as April .
But he says he 's the right person to take on Rep.
Alan Grayson , who likes to call Republicans " knuckle - dragging Neanderthals " and has become one of the party 's top targets in 2010 .
Gutierrez , a 28 - year - old real estate developer and Republican Party fundraiser , said he has already lined up endorsements from three Central Florida Republicans : U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis and state Reps. Chris Dorworth and Bryan Nelson .
At least three Orlando Republicans have declined to run against Grayson , who has millions of dollars of his own to spend on the race and is emerging as a rock star in the liberal wing of the Democratic Party .
Even some Republican strategists say Gutierrez is a long shot .
" The fact that Republicans have to import their candidate from 300 miles away shows how strong Congressman Grayson is , " said Eric Jotkoff , a spokesman for the Florida Democratic Party .
Gutierrez says he has been doing business in Central Florida for six years and started renting in downtown Orlando earlier this year .
State law does not require congressional candidates to live in the district .
He registered to vote in Orange County on Sept. 11 , his birthday .
Nearly 50 of the studied men died from a heart attack or heart disease Men who do not openly express their anger if they are unfairly treated at work double their risk of a heart attack , Swedish research suggests .
The researchers looked at 2,755 male employees in Stockholm who had not had a heart attack when the study began .
They were asked about how they coped with conflict at work , either with superiors or colleagues .
The researchers say their study shows a strong relationship between pent - up anger and heart disease .
Writing in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health , the researchers called the various strategies for keeping things bottled up , covert coping .
The men were asked what methods they adopted : whether they dealt with things head - on , whether they let things pass without saying anything , walked away from conflict , developed symptoms like headache or stomach ache or got into a bad temper at home .
Hospital registers
They were checked for smoking , drinking , physical activity , education , diabetes , job demands and their freedom to take decisions .
Their blood pressure , body mass index and cholesterol levels were measured and they were aged 41 on average at the start of the study between 1992 and 1995 .
I think men can't help how they behave in conflict situations - it's not something they think about , it 's just how they react instinctively
Dr Constanze Leineweber , Stockholm University Details of whether any of the men subsequently had a heart attack or died as a result of heart disease in the period up to 2003 were gathered from national registers of hospital treatment and deaths .
Up to 2003 , 47 of the 2,755 men had a heart attack or died from heart disease .
The men who coped by sometimes or often walking away or who often let things pass without saying anything , had double the risk of a heart attack or dying from serious heart disease compared to men who challenged and dealt with the situation head - on .
Developing a headache or stomach ache or getting into a bad temper at home , did not increase the risk of heart attack or heart disease .
The researchers believe that anger can produce physiological tensions if it is not released and that these lead to increases in blood pressure which eventually damage the cardiovascular system .
' Conflict situations '
Dr Constanze Leineweber , who led the study from the Stress Research Institute in Stockholm , said : " There has been research before pointing in this direction but the surprise is that the association between pent - up anger and heart disease was such a strong one .
" I think men can't help how they behave in conflict situations - it's not something they think about , it 's just how they react instinctively .
" If you are smoking and do n't exercise you would be much more conscious of the risk . "
Judy O'Sullivan , senior cardiac nurse for the British Heart Foundation , said : " Stress itself is not a risk factor for heart and circulatory disease , but some people 's responses to stress , such as smoking or overeating , can increase your risk .
" We all find different things stressful and symptoms of stress can vary , but the important thing is that we need to find ways of coping with it in our lives in a positive way , whether at work or home . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ST .
LOUIS -- Conservative radio personality Rush Limbaugh lashed out at NFL union leader DeMaurice Smith , activists Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson and the media a day after being dropped from a group trying to buy the St. Louis Rams .
On his syndicated show Thursday , Limbaugh said he was approached by St. Louis Blues chairman Dave Checketts earlier this year about participating in a Rams bid .
Checketts assured him his involvement as a minority investor had been vetted by the NFL , he said .
" I said to him at this meeting , ' Are you aware of the firestorm ? '
He said ' We would n't have approached you if we had n't taken care of that , ' " said Limbaugh , a conservative favorite who is reviled by many liberals .
Rush Limbaugh is blaming the players union in part for his being dropped from a potential Rams ownership group .
AP Photo / Photo courtesy of Rush Limbaugh
Limbaugh added that Checketts had told him his involvement had been cleared at the " highest levels of the NFL . "
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and Colts owner Jim Irsay each expressed misgivings this week at a league - wide meeting about Limbaugh 's involvement , with Goodell saying Limbaugh had made " polarizing " comments and Irsay vowing to vote against him .
On Wednesday , Checketts said Limbaugh had been dropped from the bid .
" This reflects where we 're moving in an ethical nature , " said Dan Lebowitz , executive director of the Center for Sports and Society at Northeastern University .
" The league has 78 percent African - American players , " Lebowitz said .
" Do you bring in someone who has made racist statements to own a team that 's largely made up of players the owner has made slurring statements about ? "
With Limbaugh out , the Checketts group is sifting through new investors .
A person familiar with the process said global financier and philanthropist George Soros is not under consideration to be a part of the Checketts group .
Former Rams running back Marshall Faulk could be part of it , a source said .
Checketts is a ways away from reconfiguring the investment group , as the Rams are a ways from being sold at this point .
During a 15 - minute counterattack at the start of his show , Limbaugh said he believes he 's been made an example by a players ' union seeking leverage in talks over a new collective bargaining agreement .
What happened to him was an illustration of " Obama 's America on full display , " the commentator said .
Limbaugh 's history hurt his participation in the bid .
In 2003 , he was forced to resign from ESPN's " Sunday NFL Countdown " after saying of the Eagles ' Donovan McNabb : " I think what we 've had here is a little social concern in the NFL .
The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well . "
According to transcripts posted on his Web site , in 2007 Limbaugh said : " The NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons .
There , I said it . "
Limbaugh blamed Smith , executive director of the NFLPA and an " Obama-ite , " along with Sharpton and Jackson , whom he referred to as " race hustlers , " for Checketts ' decision to drop him .
He said his sacking was an example of the political clout wielded by President Barack Obama 's administration .
The Great Recession we 're living through is hard on Americans of all ages , but we have to examine just how devastating it 's been for young adults .
Many in their 20s and early 30s are deep in debt because they took out loans to finance their educations to get better jobs .
They entered a job market that had little for them .
This summer , the unemployment rate for workers ages 16 to 24 was 17.3 percent and for those ages 25 - 34 , the rate was 10.1 percent .
That compares with a national unemployment rate of 9.8 percent .
The Great Recession may color choices that members of this generation make for the rest of their lives , as the Great Depression did for their grandparents and great - grandparents .
A 2008 Yale study found long - term consequences on earnings when individuals enter the labor force during a recession .
These workers can expect initial wages that are stagnant or lower than the pay for the same work in better economic times .
And 15 years after college graduation , they can still expect their earnings to remain lower than those who did not enter the labor market when unemployment was high .
Such wage suppression can have lifelong ramifications , especially combined with a stock market wipeout like the one we experienced last year .
A confidence problem
Yes , the Dow Jones industrial average hit 10,000 last week , but that milestone marker for blue chip stocks is just an emotional totem .
It makes us feel good to see stocks bouncing back , but that progress does not mean our own retirement investment accounts are rebuilding at the same pace .
Young adults have years to recover from this setback , but they may lack the confidence to continue investing for the future .
And you can't blame them for being cautious .
Since it 's been so hard for them to earn a living — either because they are unemployed or so underemployed they must hold down multiple jobs — they may see little point in putting their money in an investment vehicle that could lose any of that cash .
They would share that attitude with Depression - era survivors .
Shouldering debt load
But unlike their elders , members of this generation also are trying to pay off mounds of debt they acquired using student loans and credit cards .
In a 2006 survey of college graduates under 35 , more than a third said it would take them more than 10 years to pay off their household 's education - related debt , according to Demos , the think tank that conducted the survey .
That could make it difficult for them to purchase homes or maintain and renovate houses they inherit from relatives .
Demos ' solution to the financial quagmire of young adults is policy changes that make the economy rebound faster , college more affordable , credit cards less predatory and retirement income more secure .
Young adults can work on getting those issues pushed to the front of policy - makers ' agenda but , in the meantime , they need to take care of themselves .
The takeaway from the Great Recession is not to stuff money in a mattress and hope for the best as many folks who lived through the Great Depression did all their lives .
Instead , take a deep breath and start your 401 ( k ) with as little as $ 10 a week and keep stashing money in it for the next 30 years .
As your paychecks get bigger , add more to the amount you save .
Master skill of saving
If you do not qualify for a 401 ( k ) or your employer does not offer one , then start an individual retirement account ( IRA ) at your bank .
If you 're unemployed , take as little as $ 5 from your unemployment check and put it in a savings account .
Even when you are not working , you need to be preparing to work and preparing for a time when you will no longer have to work .
Continual saving , even when money is low , is a skill Great Depression survivors mastered .
It 's time for those in the Great Recession to acquire that skill for ourselves .
Shannon Buggs has completed the financial planning certificate program at the University of Houston .
She welcomes comments and suggestions but cannot offer specific advice about individual circumstances .
Contact her at shannon.buggs@chron.com .
Describe someone as Machiavellian and in that one word you describe him as devious , cunning , crafty , scheming – and above all , manipulative .
By this we mean he achieves his ends by manoeuvring people in ways they do not quite understand , at least until it is too late .
He does it by blandishments and flattery , or by tricks and sleight of hand ; sometimes he does it by playing different interests off against each other , by pulling secret strings , by concealing his true aims with artifice and ruse , and always by misleading those whom he is getting to do what he wants .
These were among the techniques that Niccolo Machiavelli advised a prince to adopt in ruling a populace .
That last point , about misleading people , is what makes manipulation so objectionable : it implies that the manipulator has acted against the will or the interests of those he battens upon .
His victims feel , if they discover what he has done , that they have been subjects of a stratagem , which they would quite likely not have agreed to if they had realised what was happening .
No one likes to be outwitted ; still less does anyone like to be tricked .
To describe a given act as involving manipulation implies that both these things have been done to someone .
In one way it might seem odd that manipulation should have such a pejorative connotation .
After all , we often all try to persuade , influence and cajole others .
And we are used to being subjected to persuasion and efforts at influence from the culture around us : advertisers are perpetually after our attention , salesmen after our money , and politicians after our votes , all of them employing as much inducement and enticement as they can muster .
Neither they nor we are above employing whatever rhetorical arts we know , and even bribes of various kinds .
Why is manipulation not regarded as just another version of this repertoire of activities , central as they all are to the continual negotiation and jockeying that is social life ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Well : think of cases .
Think of Iago cunningly manoeuvring Othello and Desdemona into tragedy .
Think of contemporary politicians with a reputation for being the hidden hands , the puppet - masters , behind the arras : Lord Mandelson now , Dick Cheney during the two terms of George W Bush 's presidency .
In today 's popular culture the person most identified as an arch - manipulator is Simon Cowell , magus of talent shows on British and American television .
Their skill as operators might be admired , but not praised ; manipulation is generally a dark and too often a dishonest matter , which explains its reputation .
The chief factor common to all manipulators is skill at penetrating the psychology of others .
A needle - sharp awareness of the weakness and desires of those they practise upon is the manipulator 's key weapon .
Everyone has weaknesses , ranging from fears and insecurities to love for another person or an ambition so burning that it makes them vulnerable .
Iago used hints and little tricks to awaken and then inflame Othello 's jealousy ; but most of the work was done by Othello himself .
That is classic manipulation ; a secret touch on the levers at just the right moments is enough .
Even hope can be a weakness that manipulators exploit .
Stephen Jay Gould , better known for his biological insights , once astutely remarked that " when people learn no tools of judgment and merely follow their hopes , the seeds of political manipulation are sown " .
Simone de Beauvoir said in her book The Second Sex , published in 1949 , that women have a reputation for being manipulative because , in their oppressed and disempowered state , it is almost the only means they have of getting their way .
There was nothing disempowered about Livia in ancient Rome or Lucrezia Borgia in more recent Florence , but no doubt both employed manipulation when not relying on poison .
England 's Elizabeth I did not need the poison .
The art of politics – some with justice call it a black art – almost always involves manipulation .
Some of it is overt , as when party whips secure their own side 's votes by direct threats to expose mistresses or concealed homosexual proclivities .
But much of it is covert , a long game played by means of tweaking and pulling many threads .
Politics is like herding cats , with so many conflicting urgencies and so many different interest groups on the warpath about their own special concerns , that the politician 's life is very like being the conductor of an orchestra in a madhouse .
Since rational discussion is not likely to get far in such a place , astute manipulation rises high on the list of practical options .
When a statesman is described as great because he was able to persuade his country , through oratory or example , to adopt a certain line of action , his guidance of affairs is not described as manipulation but as influence at least , and more likely as leadership .
All successful manipulators could just as accurately be described as leaders , or as influencers and guides , because by definition they have led others along a path chosen by themselves .
Just thus did Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill lead their countries at times of crisis .
If it is said that part of how they achieved this was by activities behind closed doors , in whispered conversations , by rewarding some and excluding others , they are commended for their mastery of political skills .
But if it is Machiavelli or Cardinal Richelieu , Metternich or Lloyd George we describe as doing such things , the positive words applied to Lincoln and Churchill are replaced by their negative twins : Richelieu and Lloyd George did not lead or guide but instead managed by means of sly and wily plots : they manipulated .
The word " manipulate " has a fascinating etymology .
It derives obviously enough from the Latin for hand ( manus ) and " to fill " ( plere ) and occurs in that ancient tongue as manipulus to mean , literally , a handful ( and figuratively , a sheaf of wheat ) .
In French manipule is a pharmacist 's measure – a handful of medicinal powder , for example .
Manipulation in that same language meant a certain method of mining ore , by pickaxe and sweat .
Its first recorded use in English with the negative connotation of underhandedly manoeuvring others without their knowledge and against their will , is very recent : it dates only from the 1820s .
The name might be young , but the practice is old .
In ancient Athens the Sophists were paid handsome fees to teach the art of rhetoric .
They openly advertised their ability to teach anyone how to argue convincingly for either side of a case .
Socrates despised the Sophists for being indifferent to truth , and interested only in winning points in arguments no matter whether they were on the right or the wrong side .
But a public career in Athenian society required skills in oratory and advocacy , and therefore the Sophists taught all the tricks of argument a speaker could use to manipulate his audience 's views and sentiments .
One of the best more recent compendiums of such tricks is Arthur Schopenhauer 's little classic , 38 Ways to Win An Argument .
In our own day the palm for manipulative skill goes to the Hollywood film industry .
Any run -of - the - mill movie in any genre , whether romantic or " family " , animated , horror or adventure , can make its audience laugh , jump or weep at the press of a hackneyed button .
We all recognise the tropes that achieve this , and yet they still work .
In this case we might be more than half - willing for them to work ; we go to the cinema not to glower at the screen on guard against being manipulated , but precisely in order to be manipulated .
It is a generally benign and often cathartic experience , and to be welcomed accordingly ; but it is manipulation nevertheless , even if it is one of the very few cases where we are unlikely to think it disagreeable .
It is obvious why less benign forms of manipulation matter .
They typically involve unfairness , and come too close for comfort to lying and cheating .
They use people as pawns in the achievement of the manipulator 's aims , in violation of the great ethical principle enunciated by Immanuel Kant , that other people should always be treated as ends in themselves , never as means to further ends .
Manipulation is par excellence the using of people as means .
If we do not mind being persuaded , it is because we are aware of what is happening .
Discussion , argument , even bribery , which changes our minds or re-routes our actions , is a far cry from a process in which we find ourselves doing something or taking a position that we did not realise we were being steered into by activities we did not fully understand .
The skills of psychological penetration that the manipulator relies on can be combated only by two things : having no weaknesses , which is a human impossibility though it was recommended by the Stoics of ancient times , or by being watchful and sceptical , which is far more achievable .
Count your spoons when the snake - oil salesmen visit : that 's the motto for the forefront of our minds when the advertisers , politicians , preachers – and talent - show judges – are at work among us .
Why your Web content will look darker on Snow Leopard
If you ’re a Web designer , expect your CSS colors & your untagged / unmanaged images to look darker on Snow Leopard than on previous versions of the Mac OS .
You ’ll also see less of a visible color shift when going from Photoshop to Flash or other unmanaged environments ( e.g. Internet Explorer ) .
Why is that ?
Apple has switched to a default gamma of 2.2 , which is what Windows has used for years .
Colors that are n’t color - managed are going to look darker on the whole .
Your whole display will now be closer to what Windows users see* .
Apple ’s marketing materials ( and reviews of Snow Leopard ) say only that the change is “ to better serve the needs of consumers and digital content producers . ”
Not really knowing what that means , and wondering why Apple would change the Mac to match Windows after 25 years of using gamma 1.8 , I sought out more info .
Adobe Principal Scientist Lars Borg provided some perspective .
Lars has spent the past 20 years at Adobe defining & driving color management solutions , and lately he ’s been focused on digital cinema standards .
Here ’s what he said :
Stunned farmer Zheng Dexun dug up a crop of fleeceflower , or Chinese knotweed , and found one shaped like a person , in Langzhong , China .
The eerie - looking plant , measuring 62 centimetres tall , has clearly defined arms , legs , and head .
Zheng said : " I do n't know whether it is good or bad to dig out a Chinese knotweed that looks like a human .
I 'd better put it back in the earth ! "
Credit : WENN
Rush Limbaugh wo n't be buying a piece of the St. Louis Rams after all .
With criticism mounting , Dave Checketts , the sports businessman leading a group vying for the National Football League franchise , dumped the controversial conservative talk show host just days after Mr. Limbaugh disclosed his intent to buy a minority interest in the team .
" Rush ...
Pin Share Email 4 Shares
We ’ve all got friends in our lives that always seem to be having financial troubles .
They have a hard time making ends meet , and they often end up having to ask family for a loan , get a cash advance from their credit card or signing up for a payday loan with horrible terms .
They are just perpetually broke .
Why do these people always seem to have so many problems ?
A while back I talked about some of the traits of high net worth individuals .
Today I thought I would look at a few of the attributes that broke people have that contribute to them continually finding themselves short of cash .
10 Attributes Of The Perpetually Broke
People who are always broke often have one or several of the traits written about below :
Like to blame their problems on outside forces :
People do n’t like to see themselves as the source of their problems .
While people certainly have problems that are n’t caused by something they ’ve done , far too often they will also try to shift blame when they should be looking at themselves .
They blame their friends , family and the government .
They believe that “ the little guy just ca n’t get ahead “ .
: People do n’t like to see themselves as the source of their problems .
While people certainly have problems that are n’t caused by something they ’ve done , far too often they will also try to shift blame when they should be looking at themselves .
They blame their friends , family and the government .
They believe that “ the little guy just ca n’t get ahead “ .
Do n’t know where their money is going :
Far too often people who are broke find themselves short because they ’ve never tracked their monthly cash flow and their small expenses are adding up to consume everything they bring in .
They really need to track their expenses for a month or two so that they can set up a plan .
: Far too often people who are broke find themselves short because they ’ve never tracked their monthly cash flow and their small expenses are adding up to consume everything they bring in .
They really need to track their expenses for a month or two so that they can set up a plan .
They do n’t plan ahead :
Money is short because they have n’t set up a family budget and a saving and spending plan .
If you set up a monthly cash flow forecast , and know exactly what you ’re going to spend in what categories - they ’ll do much better .
If you fail to plan you can plan to fail .
: Money is short because they have n’t set up a family budget and a saving and spending plan .
If you set up a monthly cash flow forecast , and know exactly what you ’re going to spend in what categories - they ’ll do much better .
If you fail to plan you can plan to fail .
Spend money on things they do n’t need :
I ’m sure we ’ve all got one of those friends who just loves to spend money , and buy things just to say they have them .
The newest Iphone just came out ?
They buy it even though they already have an older version .
A new TV came out with a higher refresh rate than their current one ?
They buy one so they can say they have the newest and latest technology .
: I ’m sure we ’ve all got one of those friends who just loves to spend money , and buy things just to say they have them .
The newest Iphone just came out ?
They buy it even though they already have an older version .
A new TV came out with a higher refresh rate than their current one ?
They buy one so they can say they have the newest and latest technology .
Fall prey to lifestyle inflation and keeping up with the Joneses :
Often people with higher incomes have problems with staying ahead in their budget as well because they fall prey to lifestyle inflation .
Instead of banking and saving raises , they raise their standard of living – buying a bigger better house , a new car and a new wardrobe .
They feel like they have to keep up appearances with everyone in their neighborhood .
: Often people with higher incomes have problems with staying ahead in their budget as well because they fall prey to lifestyle inflation .
Instead of banking and saving raises , they raise their standard of living – buying a bigger better house , a new car and a new wardrobe .
They feel like they have to keep up appearances with everyone in their neighborhood .
Always pay more than they have to :
Often people who are broke have gotten there because they do n’t know how to shop for a deal , negotiate or ask for a discount .
You can get a discount on just about anything – from electronics to health care .
Never pay more than you have to !
: Often people who are broke have gotten there because they do n’t know how to shop for a deal , negotiate or ask for a discount .
You can get a discount on just about anything – from electronics to health care .
Never pay more than you have to !
They use credit like it ’s going out of style :
Delayed gratification is n’t something that they ’ve heard of , and if they want something they just put in on credit .
After all – it ’s at a 0 % interest rate for the first 3 months !
One purchase leads to another , and before they know it they ’ve got thousands in credit card debt !
: Delayed gratification is n’t something that they ’ve heard of , and if they want something they just put in on credit .
After all – it ’s at a 0 % interest rate for the first 3 months !
One purchase leads to another , and before they know it they ’ve got thousands in credit card debt !
They rely on others to fix their problems :
We ’ve probably all known someone who is always going to their parents , family or friends to bail them out .
They create a pile of debt , and then rely on the kindness of others to get them out of their bind .
: We ’ve probably all known someone who is always going to their parents , family or friends to bail them out .
They create a pile of debt , and then rely on the kindness of others to get them out of their bind .
They forfeit future gains for fun today :
These people often have a hard time visualizing how saving and hard work will pay off down the road , and instead live for the fun and pleasures of today .
They do n’t realize how saving for tomorrow can improve their quality of life today !
: These people often have a hard time visualizing how saving and hard work will pay off down the road , and instead live for the fun and pleasures of today .
They do n’t realize how saving for tomorrow can improve their quality of life today !
They would rather have others think they are wealthy , than actually be wealthy : People who are always broke like to be seen as wealthy and successful , even if looking that way to others means that they ’re actually forfeiting the possibility of being wealthy in reality .
These 10 attributes of the perpetually broke are only meant as a starting point to get you thinking about how you view money .
While you may not fall prey to most of these , I ’m sure most of us have fallen prey to at least 1 or 2 of them at some point or another .
Realizing that you ’re doing it is the first step to making changes , and improving your situation .
Once you ’ve realized your problem , it ’s time to set about doing a budget , and turning things around .
Can you think of more attributes that the perpetually broke often exhibit ?
Do you have some of those traits yourself ?
What can those people do to turn things around ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
Let ’s go back to the 1970s .
If you ’ve still got a pair of purple bell - bottoms in your closet , put ’em on … assuming you can fit into them .
Comfy ?
Okay .
Time to head down Memory Lane .
If you ’re my age or older , you probably remember this commercial for Blue Bonnet margarine :
As a marketing pitch , I guess it worked pretty well .
Heck , everyone knows the French are persnickety about their gourmet food .
If margarine is good enough for them , it ought to be good enough for ordinary Americans .
( Amazingly , the French continued cooking with butter , despite this demonstration . )
But maybe French chefs are a little too effeminate and snooty to convince you to give up that artery - clogging butter .
So let ’s hear it from a real man ’s man :
See ?
Even real guys are willing to give up all that artery - clogging butter .
But wait … it ’s the 1970s .
We already had our first Earth Day .
Should n’t we embracing natural foods ?
Well , fear not .
Here ’s the margarine commercial I remember best of all :
There you have it , ladies and gentlemen .
Chiffon margarine tastes so much like butter , even Mother Nature ca n’t tell the difference .
So stop clogging your arteries with all that perfectly natural butter – industrial food is here to save you !
You may have noticed the singer ’s careful diction in the Chiffon jingle :
If you think it ’s butter , but IT ’S NOT , it ’s Chiffon .
As I recall , the diction was n’t quite so careful in the jingle ’s first version .
The result was a generation of youngsters cracking each other up by singing it exactly as we heard it :
If you think it ’s butter , but it ’s SNOT , it ’s Chiffon .
I believe our version of the jingle was closer to the truth .
Here ’s how you make butter :
Milk a cow .
Skim off the cream .
Add salt .
Churn the cream until it ’s thick and chunky and tastes awesome .
That ’s a food Mother Nature would indeed recognize .
So how is margarine made ?
Well , that depends on who you ask .
One pro-margarine site describes the process this way :
Farmers grow seeds .
The seeds are harvested .
The seeds are warmed and crushed to extract the oils .
Other ingredients are added to keep the margarine fresh .
Color and flavor are added .
The mixture is cooled to make a smooth margarine spread – perfect for cooking , baking or spreading on your sandwich .
Heck , that does n’t sound too bad .
Gather up some seeds grown right out there in the Great Outdoors , warm them by the wood stove , crush them to extract the oil , flavor it , cool it , and you ’ve got margarine .
No wonder Mother Nature could n’t tell the difference .
Now here ’s a slightly more detailed description :
Farmers grow seeds .
The seeds are harvested .
The seeds are crushed to extract some of the oil .
The rest of the oil is extracted by mixing the seeds with hexane , a chemical solvent .
The hexane is ( supposedly ) all removed .
The oil is pumped full of hydrogen gas and nickel powder .
( Even the margarine makers know hydrogenated oils are a tough sell these days , so they may skip this step .
I do n’t know what , if anything , has replaced it . )
The remaining oil is subjected to heat and high - pressure CO2 gas .
The oil is mixed with sodium hydroxide and passed through a centrifuge .
The oil is mixed with water and passed through another centrifuge .
At this point , the margarine is a gray , speckled , oily mass that does n’t smell so good .
So …
The oil is mixed with hydrated aluminum silicate that binds to and filters out the unwanted pigments .
The mix is heated again and the oil is extracted .
The oil is passed through a steam distillation chamber to remove unwanted odors .
Yellow food coloring and artificial flavors are added .
Yummm … does n’t that sound just like something Mother Nature would cook up in her kitchen ?
Okay , maybe margarine is n’t totally natural .
But the anti-fat hysterics still believe it ’s better for us than butter .
Here ’s an example of their reasoning :
Because health experts recommend a diet lower in total fat , saturated fat and cholesterol to reduce the risk of heart disease , margarine consumption has become a key part of dietary recommendations made by leading health organizations …
Although some margarines contain more trans fat than butter , the total of trans and saturated fat is always less than the total for butter .
The total for butter is much higher because of all the saturated fat that it contains .
Allow me to interpret :
Thanks to our carefully - planned campaign to demonize saturated fats despite no evidence whatsoever that they ’re actually harmful , experts now recommend that you avoid them .
This proves we were right and you should eat margarine .
As I said in Fat Head , Mother Nature is n’t stupid .
Human beings love the taste of fat because Mother Nature wanted us to eat fat .
Our hair , skin , nails and brains depend on fat .
Many of our hormones are made from saturated fats and cholesterol .
And while Mother Nature might not be fooled by Frankenfats like margarine , our bodies unfortunately are .
Our taste buds sense what they think is saturated fat and tell us to eat it .
Our cells grab the stuff and pack it into our cell walls , where saturated fat is supposed to go .
But of course , Frankenfat is n’t saturated fat and does n’t do the same job .
Saturated fats strengthen our cells and make our brains happy .
Frankenfats weaken our cells , screw up our brain chemistry , and cause inflammation throughout our bodies – including the walls our arteries .
In retrospect , it ’s amazing that doctors and scientists ever thought ( and some still think ) margarine is better for us than butter .
A hundred years ago , Americans ate a lot more lard and butter , but few people died from heart disease .
Most doctors did n’t even learn about heart disease in medical school ; it was n’t considered a big problem .
( See the charts below . )
But by 1950 , heart disease was the leading cause of death .
That ’s also the first year that margarine , which was becoming more and more popular , finally out - sold butter .
No , it ’s not nice to fool Mother Nature .
Too bad we ever tried .
Gibbs has spotted a new pandemic sweeping the globe and there 's no swine or birds involved ; this one is an outbreak of craziness and the Japanese airline ANA appears to have had a bad case of it …
Global pandemics are definitely something to worry about .
Consider the impact that Swine ' flu is already having on your organization … and the regular seasonal ' flu is still some weeks away from hitting us .
Swine flu threat raises telework questions
In fact , check out Google 's Flu Trends ; this predicts the impact of influenza from the analysis of search terms and it looks like we 're about two solid months ahead of the 2003 - 2004 season , the worst ' flu season in the last decade .
But global pandemics are n't limited to disease .
Oh no , it appears that a pandemic of weirdness is also going global .
For example , and I swear I am not making this up , a Japanese airline , All Nippon Airways ( ANA , ) is asking its passengers to relieve themselves prior to departure on the theory that passengers who have gone before they go are lighter passengers which , they conclude , will result in lighter aircraft and thereby lower the airline 's fuel use and carbon emissions .
Now , thanks to Google , I have found that the average bladder holds between 0.6 and 2.1 pints .
Let 's take the middle of that range which , when filled with what we shall refer to as " liquid " would weigh around 1.7 pounds .
My extensive research also reveals that the average person produces just over half a pound of poop per day ; so , all up , a fully " laden " passenger would be carrying about 2.2 extra and disposable pounds .
Now , ANA flies a variety of equipment and I went to the trouble of working out that the average ANA plane carries 292.9627907 people , which is close to the capacity of the Boeing 777- 200 ER ( a plane in the ANA fleet ) .
Let 's , for the sake of argument , assume a worst case :
That every passenger is " fully loaded " upon boarding which , for our average ANA plane , would be an extra 641 pounds at take - off .
As the Boeing 777-200 ER has a minimum takeoff weight of 315,000 pounds the excess " baggage " would amount to , at worst , just 0.2 % of the plane 's weight !
Moreover , as the 777-200 ER has a maximum fully loaded range of 7,700 nautical miles and assuming a direct relationship between weight and range , the disposable weight would amount to around $ 186 of jet fuel ( 92 gallons at $ 2.02 per gallon ) or about $ 0.63 per passenger .
ANA flew some 50 million passengers last year so the theoretical savings amount to a maximum of just less than $ 32 million .
I say " theoretical " because obviously not every passenger will have failed to go before takeoff and , as with all " savings by aggregation " exercises ; it is assumed that these savings are actually realizable .
The problem is that when you 're dealing with something measured in hundreds of thousandths of a dollar , you are in rounding error territory and most likely kidding yourself .
Here 's the really crazy part : ANA claims the savings will reduce their contribution to greenhouse gasses by around … weight for it … just 60 tons per year !
Again , assuming that there 's a direct relationship between carbon output and aircraft weight then the emission savings also amount to 0.2 % of the airline 's total output which is therefore around 3 million tons per year , making 60 tons a veritable drop in the bucket .
I know , I know , every little bit helps but ANA probably created many more tons of carbon emissions just circulating internal memos on the plan !
Maybe , just maybe , this is all a PR stunt but I doubt it .
I think it 's an outbreak of craziness .
If ANA was serious about its carbon " footprint " you 'd think it would get serious and its planes would n't carry sodas or alcohol and only a limited amount of water per passenger ( " Sorry sir , you 've had your thimble - full but feel free to lick the condensation off the windows " ) .
There would also be no in - flight food of any kind including those execrable ( sorry ) pretzels they hand out , the food service equipment would be jettisoned along with the on - board toilets , there would be no in - flight magazines , the stuffing would be taken out of the seats , the overhead luggage racks would be replaced with cargo netting ( which would be unnecessary as carry - on luggage would also be banned ) , you would n't be allowed to bring any magazines , books , iPods , or laptops on board and passengers would be required to travel in their underwear – then you 'd see some real carbon footprint reduction !
Next week , I 'll continue my in - depth coverage of the craziness pandemic … if you 've spotted an outbreak , let me know at backspin@gibbs.com .
Gibbs hopes he has developed immunity to craziness in Ventura , Calif .
Lockheed Martin's elusive prototype autonomous rocket plane roars down launch rail in second test flight from Spaceport America in New Mexico in an August 2008 .
A reusable rocket plane has made a successful test flight from New Mexico's Spaceport America — a prototype craft built to showcase proprietary advanced launch technologies .
The small unpiloted vehicle soared into New Mexico skies on Oct. 10 , making use of launch services provided by UP Aerospace of Denver , Colo .
" The effort was similar to the activity that we 've done in the past , " said Slater Voorhees , project lead for Advanced Programs at Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company in Littleton , Colorado .
The most recent test was the third in a series .
Previous flights took place in December 2007 and in August 2008 — although the second flight suffered an in - flight anomaly causing loss of the craft .
" This one was a success .
It met all of our mission success goals , " Voorhees explained .
Hands - on hardware
There is no substitute for flying hardware , Voorhees added .
In - flight data was both streamed down to the ground and logged onboard the rocket plane .
" We 've analyzed things .
We 've done studies .
We 've built tools to model things .
But we wanted to take it one step further — to get our engineers using hands - on hardware , " Voorhees told SPACE.com .
" There 's just so much you can do when you simulate things , study things , and do PowerPoint presentations .
You do learn a lot . "
Voorhees said that the purpose of the test flights is to take a look at tackling the ground and launch operations for responsive space needs .
That includes advancing leaner , less - costly , and more rapid launch - to - space capabilities .
The craft is a prototype , Voorhees said , a demonstration and data - gathering experiment .
" We 're trying to understand various technologies of systems and how they play together , " he added .
While Voorhees was reticent on providing specific details about the vehicle , earlier accounts of the first two flights pegged the winged hardware at 200 - pounds ( 91 kg ) .
The vehicle is some 8 feet ( 2.4 meters ) long with a wingspan of about 6 feet ( 1.8 meters ) .
On its first flight , the vehicle flew skyward from an UP Aerospace launch rail to an altitude of roughly 3,001 feet ( 915 meters ) .
How the craft is powered has not been revealed .
A quiet event
Working out of Spaceport America and in cooperation with UP Aerospace has proven beneficial , Voorhees noted .
The inland launch complex — that includes UP Aerospace launch facilities — is being built upon 27 square miles in New Mexico , some 30 miles ( 48 km ) east of Truth or Consequences and 45 miles ( 72 km ) north of Las Cruces .
" Working with Spaceport America — it 's kind of a green field , a clean slate , " Voorhees said .
Lockheed Martin has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the New Mexico Spaceport Authority ( NMSA ) to conduct testing at Spaceport America .
The recent test flight was a non-public , unpublished event at the request of Lockheed Martin .
" Saturday 's launch successfully lifted off at 9:45 a.m. during our four - hour launch window , " said Jerry Larson , President of UP Aerospace .
" This is our third launch for Lockheed Martin from Spaceport America , which is proving to be an ideal location for supplying low - cost , fast - turnaround launch operations , " Larson said in a press statement issued by the NMSA .
Larson told SPACE.com that the suborbital launch of the rocket plane performed a planned trajectory , landing right on target in a pre-determined touchdown zone at the spaceport .
" Our recovery crew was dispatched within 20 minutes after touchdown and we were able to return the vehicle to our customer for evaluation that same morning , " Larson said .
The flight of the test craft followed a very short launch campaign , Larson said .
" We spent just a few days setting up and testing and then launched during our first window — our smoothest launch campaign yet . "
Runway under construction
According to Larson , his company 's launch business is growing .
" This launch marked the third we have done this year — the most launches we 've conducted in any year .
This test flight also marked our seventh launch from Spaceport America , " Larson added .
" There is a growing interest in more launches coming from the U.S. Air Force , Lockheed Martin and others for next year that could potentially more than double the number of missions in a year . "
Currently under construction , Spaceport America is tagged as " the world 's first purpose - built commercial space facility . "
Spaceport America is working with a number of companies , such as Virgin Galactic , Lockheed Martin , Moog - FTS , UP Aerospace , and Armadillo Aerospace .
Now being built is Spaceport America 's 10,000 - foot long runway , initially geared for handling flight operations of Virgin Galactic 's WhiteKnightTwo / SpaceShipTwo launch system .
That runway is expected to be complete by late summer 2010 with the Terminal Hangar Facility projected to be complete by early 2011 .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
From the terrifying world of school bullying , and common wisdom that school administrators do nothing to stop it comes this story from Houston high school freshman Jayron Martin , who was beaten with a metal pipe after school by a classmate while eight others watched — and it only stopped when a man who saw the attack from his home whipped out a shotgun .
All because the other kids accused Jayron of being gay .
But perhaps the worst part , beyond the cuts and bruises and cracks ?
That the attack might have been prevented : Jayron ’s assault went down after he told two of his principals and bus driver about the planned attack before it happened ; a classmate tipped him off .
The 16 - year - old accused of assaulting Jayron has been arrested ; police say there are no other suspects .
The bus driver has been placed on leave .
This is horrifying .
But we ’re glad to see Jayron ’s mother Lakenya speaking up about it .
Keep talking .
Oscar - winning actor and political activist Sean Penn flew to Cuba hoping to interview its revolutionary icon Fidel Castro , entertainment news website TMZ reported Sunday .
“ Sean ( Penn ) is going to the land of Fidel as a journalist , writing a story for Vanity Fair ( magazine ) about how the ( Barack ) Obama administration has affected Cuba , ” TMZ reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
Penn was traveling with Diana Jenkins : “ Actually … it ’s her plane … she ’s married to the head honcho at Barclays bank , ” TMZ added , noting the pair set out from Las Vegas on Saturday .
“ Barclays sources say Sean and Diana are going to meet ( Fidel ) Castro — presumably because that ’s what Diana told them , ” the website reported .
Penn ’s representative also told TMZ a meeting was possible .
Since taking office in January , US President Barack Obama has moved to ease a half - century of tension with Cuba , with small steps such as relaxing rules on visits and money transfers to the island .
But so far , the US administration has not taken major strides in its approach to the Americas ’ only communist regime .
The Obama administration has said it will not , for now , seek to end the US economic embargo , instead urging Havana to show progress on human rights .
In July , the two countries also officially restarted a dialogue on migration issues which had been suspended since 2003 , and talks are also under way aimed at restarting bilateral mail service which was cut off in 1963 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama recently asked Spain to send a message to Cuba urging its President Raul Castro to step up efforts to improve relations with Washington , a Madrid newspaper reported Sunday .
“ Tell Raul that if he does not take steps , neither can I , ” Obama told Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , according to El Pais , which cited a diplomatic source .
“ We are making efforts , but if they do not make efforts , it will be very difficult for us to continue , ” said Obama during the meeting on October 13 at the White House , the newspaper added .
He told The Sun : " When it comes to bedtime Sue does n't need a headache as an excuse .
She just says she has been using body lotion and it might kill me .
THE VIBRATIONAL SPECTRUM FROM ZERO TO INFINITY ... ALL POSSIBILITY
A Walnut Creek real estate agent has been convicted of charges that she lured a Peruvian nanny to the East Bay with promises of a better life but instead kept her as an indentured servant for nearly two years .
Mabelle de la Rosa Dann , 46 , also known as Mabelle Crabbe , kept the nanny a virtual prisoner , cut her off from Spanish - speaking media and rationed her food , authorities said .
She was found guilty Thursday by a federal jury in Oakland of forced labor and other charges .
U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken is to sentence her Jan. 13 .
" No person should ever be forced to live in a world of fear , isolation and servitude , " said John Morton , an assistant secretary for the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency .
Dann helped bring Zoraida Pena - Canal , 30 , of Peru into the United States on a three - month visitor 's visa in July 2006 , authorities said .
Pena -Canal had worked for Dann 's sister and Dann as a housekeeper and nanny in Peru several years earlier , investigators said .
Prosecutors said Dann lured Pena - Canal here with the promise that she would live in a large house with her own bedroom and private bathroom .
Dann allegedly said she would pay Pena - Canal $ 600 a month after deducting the cost of the plane ticket for the first five months .
Instead , Pena - Canal knew almost no world outside Dann 's 900 - square - foot apartment on Ygnacio Valley Road in the Cypress Creek apartment complex in Walnut Creek , where the two women lived with Dann 's three children , Special Agent Jennifer Alderete of Immigration and Customs Enforcement wrote in an affidavit filed in federal court .
Pena -Canal worked seven days a week caring for the children , cleaning the apartment , cooking and washing laundry , Alderete wrote .
She was forced to live on the living room floor .
Pena -Canal " appeared unkempt and wore the same clothing each day , " Alderete wrote .
Dann never paid the nanny and instead charged her about $ 15,000 for Dann 's expenses in Peru , including her costs for searching for nannies before she hired Pena - Canal , the affidavit said .
Dann took the nanny 's visa , passport and Peruvian identification each day with her when she went to work , authorities said .
" Frequently , Dann threatened ( Pena - Canal ) with deportation by reminding her that she was illegally in the United States and had no rights , " Alderete wrote .
Dann allegedly told her nanny , " When you come to the United States , you must suffer , " authorities said .
Dann broke Pena - Canal 's radio and a television set , telling her that she did n't want her to listen to or view Spanish - speaking programs " because it would put ideas in her head , " the affidavit said .
Dann also rationed Pena - Canal 's food , weighing her meat and counting out the number of pieces of fruit she could eat , investigators said .
Pena -Canal eventually confided in people at Indian Valley Elementary School , where Dann 's twin sons were students .
She fled from the apartment April 16 , 2008 , and witnesses contacted authorities .
In addition to forced labor , Dann was convicted of unlawful use of documents in furtherance of servitude , harboring an illegal alien for the purpose of private financial gain , conspiracy to commit visa fraud and visa fraud .
In July , Pena - Canal sued Dann and her mother , Teresa Vittet de la Rosa , in federal court , claiming that both had kept her as an indentured servant .
De la Rosa has not been charged with a crime .
Nancy Harris , an attorney representing Pena - Canal in the suit , said Friday that her client " feels extremely vindicated by this verdict , which bolsters her unflinching belief in this country 's justice system . "
Harris would not say where Pena - Canal is now , but said she was doing well and " recovering from the trauma of her experience . "
This is an Anopheles gambiae mosquito sucking blood from human skin .
This mosquito is the vector for malaria in Africa .
Credit : Wellcome Images
Malaria parasites are able to disguise themselves to avoid the host 's immune system , according to research funded by the Wellcome Trust and published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Malaria is one of the world 's biggest killers , responsible for over a million deaths every year , mainly in children and pregnant women in Africa and South - east Asia .
It is caused by the malaria parasite , which is injected into the bloodstream from the salivary glands of infected mosquitoes .
There are a number of different species of parasite , but the deadliest is the Plasmodium falciparum parasite , which accounts for 90 per cent of deaths from malaria .
The malaria parasite infects healthy red blood cells , where it reproduces .
The P. falciparum parasite generates a family of molecules , known as PfEMP1 , that are inserted into the surface of the infected red blood cells .
The cells become sticky and adhere to the walls of blood vessels in tissues such as the brain .
This prevents the cells being flushed through the spleen , where the parasites would be destroyed by the body 's immune system , but also restricts blood supply to vital organs .
Symptoms can differ greatly between young and older children depending on previous exposure to the parasite .
In young children , the disease can be extremely serious and potentially fatal if untreated ; older children and adults who have grown up in endemic areas are resistant to severe malaria but rarely develop the ability to rid their bodies of the parasite .
Each parasite has ' recipes ' for around sixty different types of PfEMP1 molecule written into its genes .
However , the exact recipes differ from parasite to parasite , so every new infection may carry a set of molecules that the immune system has not previously encountered .
This has meant that in the past , researchers have ruled out the molecules as vaccine candidates .
However there appear to be at least two main classes of PfEMP1 types within every parasite , suggesting different broad tactical approaches to infecting the host .
The most efficient tactic or combination of tactics to use may depend on the host 's immunity .
Now , Dr George Warimwe and colleagues from the Kenya Medical Research Institute ( KEMRI ) - Wellcome Trust Programme and the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , have shown that the parasites adapt their molecules depending on which antibodies it encounters in the host 's immune response .
They have also found evidence to suggest that there may be a limit to the number of molecular types that are actually associated with severe disease .
" The malaria parasite is very complex , so our immune system mounts many different responses , some more effective than others and many not effective at all , " explains Dr Peter Bull from the KEMRI - Wellcome Trust Programme and the University of Oxford , who led the research .
" We know that our bodies have great difficulty in completely clearing infections , which begs the question : how does the parasite manage to outwit our immune response ?
We have shown that , as children begin to develop antibodies to parasites , the malaria parasite changes its tactics to adapt to our defences . "
The researchers at the KEMRI - Wellcome Trust Programme studied malaria parasites in blood samples from 217 Kenyan children with malaria .
They found that a group of genes coding for a particular class of PfEMP1 molecule called Cys - 2 tended to be switched on when the children had a low immunity to the parasite ; as immunity develops , the parasite switches on a different set of genes , effectively disguising it so that immune system cannot clear the infection
Dr Warimwe and colleagues also found an independent association between activity in Cys - 2 genes and severe malaria in the children , suggesting that specific forms of the molecule may be more likely to trigger specific disease symptoms .
This supports a previous study in Mali which suggested that the same class of PfEMP1 molecule was associated with cerebral malaria .
The findings could suggest a new approach to tackling malaria , in terms of both vaccine development and drug interventions , argues Dr Bull .
" If there exists a limited class of severe disease - causing variants that naturally - exposed children learn to recognise readily , this opens up the possibility of designing a vaccine against severe malaria that mimics an adult 's immune response , making the infections less dangerous .
But this would still be an enormous task .
" Similarly , if we can establish what the particular class of molecules are doing , then we may be able to develop a drug to modify this function and relieve symptoms of severe disease . "
Source : Wellcome Trust ( news : web )
Explore further Discovery of key malaria proteins could mean sticky end for parasite
Somebody explain this to me :
The president of the United States wins the Nobel Peace Prize , and Rush Limbaugh joins with the Taliban in bitterly denouncing the award ?
Glenn Beck has a conniption fit and demands that the president not accept what may be the world ’s most prestigious honor ?
The Republican National Committee issues a statement sarcastically mocking our nation ’s leader — elected , you will recall , by a healthy majority — as unworthy of such recognition ?
Why , oh why , do conservatives hate America so ?
OK , I know , it ’s just some conservatives who ’ve been exhibiting what they , in a different context , surely would describe as “ Hanoi Jane ” behavior .
Others who have n’t taken leave of their political senses — and are familiar with the concept of manners — responded to President Barack Obama ’s unexpected award with equanimity and even grace .
Sen .
John McCain , for example , offered his good - natured congratulations .
Some of Obama ’s most strident critics , however , just ca n’t give it a rest .
They use words like farce and travesty , as if there were always universal agreement on the worthiness of the Nobel peace laureate .
Does anyone remember the controversy over Henry Kissinger or Yasser Arafat or F.W. de Klerk ?
The problem for the addlebrained Obama - rejectionists is that the president , as far as they are concerned , could n’t possibly do anything right , and thus is unworthy of any conceivable recognition .
If Obama ended all hunger in the world , they ’d accuse him of promoting obesity .
If he solved global warming , they ’d complain it was getting chilly .
If he got Mahmoud Abbas and Benjamin Netanyahu to join him around the campfire in a chorus of “ Kumbaya , ” the rejectionists would claim that his singing was out of tune .
Let the rejectionists fulminate and sputter until they wear themselves out .
Politically , they ’re only bashing themselves .
As Republican leaders — except RNC Chairman Michael Steele — are beginning to realize , “ I ’m With the Taliban Against America ” is not likely to be a winning slogan .
More interesting , but no less goofy , is the recommendation — by otherwise sane commentators — that Obama should decline the award .
This is ridiculous .
If the award just represented the political views of a handful of left - leaning , self - satisfied Norwegian Eurocrats , as some critics have charged , then it would n’t matter whether Obama won it or not .
But of course it means much more .
The Nobel Peace Prize , irrespective of the idiosyncratic process that selects its winner , is universally recognized as a stamp of the world ’s approval .
For an American president to reject such a token of approval would be absurdly counterproductive .
Obama has shifted U.S. foreign policy away from George W. Bush ’s cowboy ethos toward a multilateral approach .
He envisions , and has begun to implement , a different kind of U.S. leadership that I believe is more likely to succeed in an interconnected , multipolar world .
That this shift is being noticed and recognized is to Obama ’s credit — and to our country’s .
The peace prize comes as Obama is in the midst reviewing war strategy in Afghanistan .
Some advocates for sending additional troops are complaining — and some advocates of a pullout are hoping — that the award may somehow limit the president ’s options .
But the prize is nothing more than an acknowledgment of what Obama has been saying and doing thus far .
He hardly needs to be reminded of his philosophy of international relations — or that he once called Afghanistan a “ war of necessity . ”
Threading that needle is not made any easier or harder by the Nobel committee ’s decision .
What I really do n’t understand is the view that somehow there ’s a tremendous downside for Obama in the award .
It raises expectations , these commentators say — as if expectations of any American president , and especially this one , were not already sky - high .
Obama has taken on the rescue of the U.S. financial system and the long - term restructuring of the economy .
He has launched historic initiatives to revolutionize health care , energy policy and the way we educate our children .
He said flatly during the campaign that he wants to be remembered as a transformational president .
The only reasonable response is McCain ’s : Congratulations .
Nothing , not even the Nobel Peace Prize , can set the bar any higher for President Obama than he ’s already set it for himself .
Touring the Horrible A Guide to Germany 's Darkest Places
Beer , bratwurst and lederhosen are an undeniable part of German culture .
But so too is the country 's brutal 20th century history .
SPIEGEL ONLINE takes you to 11 of the country 's most unsettling sites .
Family Law Attorney
Lauren Cain
For more than 20 years , Frisco - based family law attorney Lauren Cain has dedicated her practice to helping her clients resolve their difficult legal matters .
With a primary focus on divorce and related issues , Ms. Cain is a dedicated and relentless advocate for every client she serves .
Having been through a divorce herself , Ms. Cain has firsthand experience with the issues her clients are facing .
She understands the anxiety and uncertainty inherent to family law proceedings .
She will be there to guide you at every step of the process , fighting to protect your interests and diligently seeking the most favorable outcome available in your case .
Guiding You Safely Home
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
Vaccines have come a long way since the eighteenth century When the Princess of Wales put forward her children for inoculation , the procedure quickly caught on .
The year was 1721 , and her offspring received an early and sometimes fatal prophylaxis against smallpox - in which the pus from someone with the disease was smeared into a wound of the uninfected .
By the end of that century a country doctor invented a method using lymph from an infected cow instead , providing the same level of protection while using a much milder form of the disease - and the word vaccination - from vacca for cow - was born .
In 1850 , the English authorities made immunisation compulsory , with fines and prison for those who refused to comply , and the first mass anti-vaccination campaign began .
Vaccinations have long had the power to polarise .
Me and you The nineteenth century campaigners were a diverse group who rallied against state intervention in family life , but such movements have transcended time and place .
In the UK , recent campaigns have focused on the safety of the MMR vaccine amid suggestions of a link with autism , in the US the mercury used , while in Germany there are a number of organised groups hostile to vaccinations .
MMR fears in UK led to rise in disease A 2005 mumps epidemic affected mainly teenagers too old to have received the MMR vaccine Health experts blamed a rubella epidemic in 1996 and the more gradual rise in measles on poor uptake of the MMR vaccine
The relationship between the state and the individual has always been an element of the antipathy to some vaccine programmes .
But signing up to immunisation also asks the individual - and often a parent - to consider their role in the community as they decide whether their healthy child should be treated for a condition they may never get - and which may be mild even if they do .
In the case of measles , " herd immunity " - when 95 % of the population are immunised - is necessary if the vulnerable are to be protected .
" We are certainly much more atomised , individuated , so we do n't necessarily think of ourselves in terms of our community - although we should n't forget that the majority do support immunisation , " says Dr Mike Fitzpatrick , a London GP who has written extensively on health fears .
" But it 's certainly true that nowadays we have a very skewed understanding of risk and danger , to the point where it can be very hard as a doctor to provide reassurance to a patient that their risks are very low .
" And while I am all for people questioning authority , it 's bizarre that we often reject the voice of science in favour of the purveyors of quackery . "
What 's the problem ?
It is also widely acknowledged that immunisation programmes are a victim of their own success .
Smallpox was eradicated by vaccination
In the West , the long absence of many childhood diseases is taken for granted as debilitating and sometimes fatal diseases - including poliomyelitis , diphtheria , whooping cough , measles and meningitis - have either been eliminated or are very rare .
But it is estimated that within the 53 countries of the WHO European region , more than 500,000 do not receive full immunisation and 32,000 die each year from vaccine preventable diseases .
The WHO says access and cost is often the problem , but that there is apathy on the part of health professionals as well as parents who have never seen a case of such diseases .
In some areas of the former Soviet bloc there is also general mistrust of authorities and the services - including immunisation - they provide .
There are also the points at which fear of the vaccine becomes greater than fear of the disease , and no vaccine is without risk .
The young girl who died last week after receiving the vaccine against the virus which causes cervical cancer is now known to have been killed by a malignant tumour in her chest .
But the vaccine will cause a severe , life - threatening reaction in around one in a million , so at some point a young girl may well die .
This however must be juxtaposed against the risks of the disease itself .
In 2007 , nearly 1,000 women died of cervical cancer .
No more anger
And we appear to have little trouble with fearing a vaccine for one condition while worrying that not enough is being done to develop another - concerns about the speed at which a swine flu vaccine could be delivered being a case in point .
A recent WHO report noted the " conflicting pressures " on health services , dealing with claims that one vaccine is unsafe or inappropriate while facing criticism for not moving quickly enough to provide another .
But the future , according to Professor Ray Spier , editor in chief of the journal Vaccine , is vaccines .
" There will always be anxiety about what is new , and you can argue that anti-vaccine movements have had a role in improving the quality of what is offered .
Of course there should be debate , it 's just a shame that it so often ends up in sensationalism .
" But I do want to see a prophylactic future .
We should n't be dealing with disease after it happens , we should be working out how to prevent it in the first place .
" From coughs to cancer , with anger and addiction in the mix - these are the ideas we need to engage with . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mohammad Othman , the BDS campaigner who was detained by Israel upon returning from a speaking tour in Norway , was given three months administrative detention yesterday in an Israeli military court .
Othman had been held 61 days without charge before the court agreed to the prosecution ’s request for administrative dentention .
Othman has been under nearly constant interrogation during this time .
Administrative detention is a common tool Israel uses to suppress Palestinian dissent .
It is an open ended sentence that is commonly extended with little transparency or justification .
From B’Tselem :
Administrative detention is detention without charge or trial , authorized by administrative order rather than by judicial decree .
It is allowed under international law , but , because of the serious injury to due process rights inherent in this measure and the obvious danger of abuse , international law has placed rigid restrictions on its application .
Administrative detention is intended to prevent the danger posed to state security by a particular individual .
Israel , however , has never defined the criteria for what constitutes " state security . "
This last point is the important one .
How does Othman threathen state security ?
Mya Guarnieri provides one possible answer an a recent article for Ma’an News titled " Is Israel threatened by the BDS movement ? "
Guarnieri quotes Middle East analyst Arthur Nelsen :
There ’s no sneaking a warship through the Suez Canal , so it ’s best to sail through and remain coy .
Israel has done just that .
At least two of its missile - class Saar 5 warships and a Dolphin submarine have sailed through the canal in recent weeks , prompting conjecture about Israel ’s intentions .
Possible scenarios include the sending of a message to Iran about Israeli military might and giving the impression that Israel and Egypt , which controls the Suez , are closely cooperating against regional security threats .
The Israeli government has said little about why the vessels were on missions that took them through the Suez , but they come as Israel has grown insistent on stopping Iran ’s nuclear program .
That fits in with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s attempts to link the resolution of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict with agreements from Arab states to help Israel counter Iran .
The two warships -- the Eilat and the Hanit -- sailed through the Suez toward the Red Sea this month , reportedly to participate in maneuvers with U.S. forces and to prevent smuggled arms from reaching the Gaza Strip .
The submarine , believed capable of carrying nuclear warheads , went through the canal in late June to take part in a naval drill .
Advertisement
Israeli analysts drew broader implications and suggested that Israel could use the canal to quickly reach the Persian Gulf and Iranian waters .
Writing on the Ynet news website after the Dolphin deployment , Israeli defense expert Ron Ben - Yishai suggested that the mission “ attests to the improvement in Israel ’s and Egypt ’s strategic relationship .
“ The Obama administration should note with satisfaction the passage of an Israeli submarine through the Suez Canal and see it as proof that its efforts to bring regional cooperation to fend off the Iranian threat are beginning to bear fruit , ” he wrote .
Egypt did n’t see it that way , at least not publicly .
Cairo , which signed the Camp David accords and the Israel - Egypt peace treaty in the late 1970s , has been fending off Arab criticism for years that it is too close to U.S. and Israeli interests .
But , like Israel , Egypt is wary of Iran ’s nuclear aspirations and has been angered by Tehran ’s influence with the Islamic militant groups Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Gaza Strip .
Egypt and Iran have been attempting to repair relations , yet Cairo is far from trusting a government it regards as wanting to undermine its stature in the Middle East .
Advertisement
Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul
Gheit said any vessel not endangering his country may use the waterway that connects the Mediterranean and Red seas .
He kept his comments clipped and made no mention of Egypt ’s relationship with Israel , which has been prickly since Israel ’s incursion into Gaza in January .
Cairo has also criticized Netanyahu ’s conservative government as undermining the Israeli - Palestinian peace process .
Aboul Gheit ’s reticence , however , did not prevent expression of outrage by opposition political voices , saying that Cairo was too cozy with the Jewish state .
“ How can Egyptian authorities allow something like this to happen at a time Israel proves every day that it violates the Camp David peace treaty ? ” Sayed Khalifa , a Muslim Brotherhood member of the Egyptian parliament , told reporters , referring to Israel ’s action in Gaza .
“ How can this treaty even continue to exist in the first place after all the violations Israel commits every day ? ”
Much of the hyperbole was generated in the Israeli news media while the country ’s military remained ambiguous about missions and tactics .
That suited the Israeli government by keeping Tehran guessing .
Iran ’s Press TV reported that “ Tel Aviv takes a step closer to war with Tehran as two Israeli warships sail through the Suez Canal within cruise - missile range of Iran . ”
Advertisement
News of the voyages came about the time Vice President Joe Biden , on a trip to the Middle East , said Israel was free to protect itself if it felt threatened by Iran .
The U.S. and Israel claim that Tehran ’s nuclear program is designed to build weapons , which Iran denies .
“ Israel can determine for itself -- it ’s a sovereign nation -- what ’s in their interest and what they decide to do relative to Iran and anyone else , ” said Biden .
President Obama later clarified that his administration had not given its blessing for an Israeli attack on Iran and that U.S. officials emphasized the avoidance of major conflict in the Middle East .
All of this has left Egypt in the sensitive position of not wanting to appear to be aiding Israel while Aboul Gheit is seeking a degree of rapprochement with Tehran .
Advertisement
“ I totally disagree with any claims that Egypt allowed the warships to pass in an attempt to show Iran that Egypt and Israel can work and cooperate together against the Islamic Republic ’s threat in the region , ” said Ahmed Abdel Halim , a political analyst and retired Egyptian general .
“ We all know that there are tensions in the Egyptian - Iranian relations , but that does n’t mean that the Egyptian leadership is so stupid that it would provoke Iran with an act like that . ”
He added , “ I really doubt that Aboul Gheit would be reaching out to the Iranians while his regime was trying to show everyone they are taking Israel as an ally against Iran . ”
During a recent briefing for reporters at the Haifa naval base in Israel , a military source said Israeli ships “ have routine activities ” in the Suez Canal and Red Sea area .
Egypt says the Suez Canal has been open to Israeli warships for decades , but that Israel , because of its intelligence and security concerns about its naval missions , has only occasionally traveled the waterway .
The Israeli military source suggested that warships had passed through the canal before this year .
Advertisement
--
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
Under the Age of Obama , as some conservatives like George Will begin to question how much these open - ended foreign occupations serve US interests , and the left is stuck with a president pushing for a war that many of them had opposed , the rationales behind continuing US imperialism are beginning to shift again .
Now Code Pink , one of the most reliably antiwar activist groups on the left , is rethinking its positions on withdrawing from Afghanistan .
The new reason to stay is a reason we heard a lot in 2002 but not much since then :
That the US must protect women from the Islamist theocrats .
With a humanitarian veneer , the US killing must continue , as was the rationale behind Clinton ’s killing spree in Serbia .
Whereas under Republican “ national security ” wars , the argument is :
We must shed innocent foreign blood to protect Americans ; under Democratic “ humanitarian ” wars , the argument is : Americans must sacrifice for the good of foreigners .
In truth , all such wars are incredibly costly for all peoples involved .
And now the leftist argument will be : Americans must continue to perish and bomb and kill Afghans to protect a greater number of Afghans in the long run .
Let us hope this poisonous reasoning does n’t come to dominate the left , for with most of the right still happily on board with the war on terror , such a political dynamic could spell horror for Iran and God knows who else .
For more on the nationalist and internationalist arguments for war ( and for peace ) see my talk “ The Shifting Rationales for Empire . ”
Woolly mammoths and other large , lumbering beasts faced extinction in north America long before early humans perfected their skills as spearmakers , scientists say .
The prehistoric giants began their precipitous decline nearly 2,000 years before the Clovis people turned stone fragments into sophisticated spearpoints at the end of the last ice age .
The animals , which included mammoths , elephant - sized mastodons and beavers the size of black bears , were probably picked off by more inept hunters who only much later developed specialised weapons when their prize catches became scarce .
" Some people thought humans arrived and decimated the populations of these animals in a few hundred years , but what we 've found is not consistent with that rapid ' blitzkrieg ' overkill of large animals , " said Jacquelyn Gill , a PhD student at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , who led the research team .
Archaeological evidence shows that humans developed advanced spearheads around 13,000 years ago .
The Clovis people of North America crafted speartips with deep grooves that made wounds bleed freely .
With these , hunters did not have to kill their prey on the spot , but could wait for the beasts to bleed to death .
The rise of the Clovis culture was thought to coincide with the demise of the woolly mammoth and other slow - moving giants on the continent , leading many researchers to suspect the animals died at the ends of the hunters ' spears .
Gill 's team rules this out by putting a more accurate date on the decline and fall of woolly mammoths and more than 30 other large mammals that dominated the landscape as the ice sheets retreated from North America .
Among them were giant sloths the size of SUVs .
To date the animals ' slide to extinction , the scientists examined sediment cores from a lake in Indiana .
The deepest sediments were laid down in the distant past , while more recent sediments were nearer the surface .
Specifically , the scientists measured levels of a fungus that is known to thrive in the excrement of giant herbivorous mammals and nowhere else .
They reasoned that more fungal spores meant more dung , which in turn reflected a larger population of roaming mammals .
The sediments also held ancient pollen and charcoal dust , which gave the team clues about the predominant plant life and frequency of wildfires .
Writing the US journal Science , the researchers describe how the amount of mammal dung started to fall around 14,800 years ago , long before advanced spearheads became commonplace .
The animals had been almost completely wiped out a thousand years later .
" We know there were people who pre-dated the Clovis culture who were butchering mammoths in the area .
What we 're suggesting is the declines happened before the Clovis toolkit was adopted .
These earlier people had tools , but they probably were n't as sophisticated , " said Gill .
Chris Johnson , a population ecologist at James Cook University in Queensland , Australia , said the shortage of mammoths and other easy targets might have forced early humans to improve their weapons .
" People were still hunting them but this was more challenging , so they developed somewhat better tools for the job , " he said .
Another theory , that the larger beasts were wiped out by an asteroid strike around 13,000 years ago , also looks unlikely in view of the latest study .
By improving their hunting techniques , early humans seem to have played a major role in finishing off the woolly mammoths and nine other mammal species that weighed over a tonne .
The study is among the first to reveal the environmental consequences of such a catastrophic decline in species .
Pollen and charcoal recovered from the sediment cores show that wildfires became far more common and that the variety of plant life changed dramatically , as the nutritious and easily digestible trees and shrubs that were eaten by the mammals grew back .
" For the first time we 've got a linkage between this major ecological event , the disappearance of these large animals , and evidence of the environmental consequences , " said Jack Williams , a co-author on the study .
• This article was amended on 4 December 2009 .
The original omitted to specify that the research pertained only to North America .
This has been
corrected .
This post is a bit overdue , slightly out of chronological order , and will probably have me rambling a bit too much but I ’ve been busy lately – so sue me [… ]
„ Sechs , setzen ! “ , werte Kollegen der Süddeutschen Zeitung .
Es ist richtig , beim Fußball schießt man – aber im Regelfall nicht mit der Absicht , die virtuellen Mitspieler zu töten .
Trotzdem sahen sich die Redakteure der Zeitung genötigt , die Fußballsimulation „ FIFA 09 “ auf eine Stufe mit dem Shooter „ Counterstrike “ zu setzen .
„ An diesem Freitag Abend treffen sich Profispieler in der Tonhalle zur Bundesliga , um sich in umstrittenen Spiele wie ‚ Counterstrike ‘ oder ‚ FIFA 09 ‘ zu messen “ heißt es in einem Artikel , der die Überschrift „ Die Spieleindustrie setzt bei der Gewalt noch eins drauf “ trägt .
Auch im weiterem Verlauf zeigen sich einige Mängel in der Recherche , die man allerdings dem Interviewpartner der Münchner Polizei zuschreiben muss .
So bemängeln der Gesetzeshüter , dass „ GTA IV “ von der USK eine Freigabe ab 16 erhalten hat .
Die Realität sieht dagegen anders aus .
Damit nicht genug : Zwar wurde völlig akzeptabel über die Suchtgefahr von Online - Rollenspielen gesprochen aber gleichzeitig behauptet , dass man „ um eine spielfähige Figur zu kreieren [ …] zwei Wochen “ braucht .
( Quelle : Chip )
(*) Bei Links zu Amazon , Media Markt , Saturn und einigen anderen Händlern handelt es sich in der Regel um Affiliate - Links .
Bei einem Einkauf erhalten wir eine kleine Provision , mit der wir die kostenlos nutzbare Seite finanzieren können .
Ihr habt dabei keine Nachteile .
Weitere Meldungen zu .
A friend of mine actually works with the sender of this email at a large ad agency in Chicago , who sent the below farewell email this morning , company - wide and forwarded it to me .
Since you ca n’t click on the youtube link in the email , here it is :
More than half of British adults think that intelligent design and creationism should be taught alongside evolution in school science lessons – a proportion higher than in the US .
An Ipsos Mori survey questioned 11,768 adults from 10 countries on how the theory of evolution should be taught in school science lessons .
About 54 % of the 973 polled Britons agreed with the view : " Evolutionary theories should be taught in science lessons in schools together with other possible perspectives , such as intelligent design and creationism . "
In the US , of 991 adults responding to the survey , which was organised by the British Council , 51 % agreed that evolution should be on the curriculum alongside other theories , like intelligent design .
Across the 10 countries , 43 % agreed with this statement .
It was found that Britons were almost three times more likely than Egyptians to want creationism and intelligent design to be included in the teaching of evolution .
Creationism holds that the origins of humanity and the Earth are recent and divine , as related in the book of Genesis .
Strict creationists believe Adam and Eve are the mother and father of humanity and that God created the Earth in six days .
Advocates of intelligent design argue that some features of the universe and nature are so complex they must have been designed by a higher intelligence .
The UK government has been quick to denounce creationism and intelligent design as unrecognised scientific theory that did not meet the requirements of the national curriculum , but it has said that young people can " discuss creationism as part of their religious education classes " .
Neither the primary nor secondary school science curriculums mention creationism or intelligent design .
Prominent scientists and teaching unions have expressed shock at the poll 's findings .
Lewis Wolpert , emeritus professor of biology at University College London ( UCL ) , who is vice - president of the British Humanist Association , said : " I am appalled .
It shows how ignorant the public is .
Intelligent design and creationism have no connection with science and are purely religious concepts .
There is no evidence for them at all .
They must be kept out of science lessons . "
Steve Jones , professor of genetics at UCL , said : " This shows the danger of religions being allowed to buy schools , hijack lessons and pretend that they have anything useful to say about science – which , by definition , they do not .
The figure seems much too high , although no doubt there is a substantial minority that does think this . "
Christine Blower , acting general secretary of the National Union of Teachers , said : " It would be wholly wrong to include creationism in the science curriculum .
An overwhelming body of evidence , not assertion , supports the concept of evolution and therefore evolution must form the basis of the science curriculum .
Consideration of creationism might not be out of place in religious education . "
Teachers were not expressing concern that they were under pressure to teach creationism and intelligent design , teaching unions said .
The National Secular Society said schools should " ban religious explanations in science lessons " , adding that the creationist movement was becoming " more vocal " .
But Alison Ryan , policy adviser of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers Union , said that if a " good teacher handled the lesson " , presenting creationism and intelligent design need not be problematic .
" Science teachers could introduce creationism as a theory that some people hold , but that is not based on evidence . "
Speaking in a personal capacity , Andy McIntosh , professor of thermodynamics and combustion theory at Leeds University , said : " There is room for any scientific position which is n't necessarily from an evolutionary base .
We need to follow where the evidence leads and we should n't presuppose that the evidence will necessary lead to a naturalistic or materialistic explanation .
We must be open to the possibility that information can come from a higher intelligence , but we must n't assume that . "
Fern Elsdon - Baker , head of the British Council 's Darwin Now programme , which celebrates the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birthday this year , said the poll raised a debate about how effectively evolutionary science was communicated both inside and outside the classroom .
She said : " Overall these results may reflect the need for a more sophisticated approach to teaching and communicating how science works as a process . "
• This article was amended on 27 October 2009 .
The original omitted to make clear that Professor Andy McIntosh of Leeds University was speaking in a personal capacity .
At the end of August , over 1,300 children in Hunan province who lived around a manganese factory were diagnosed with lead poisoning .
The manganese plant reportedly opened in May 2008 without the approval of the local environmental protection bureau and within a third - of a mile of a primary school and a kindergarten .
Abdominal pain is common in children Children can be taught to use their imagination to tackle frequent bouts of stomach pain , research shows .
A relaxation - type CD , asking children to imagine themselves in scenarios like floating on a cloud led to dramatic improvements in abdominal pain .
The US researchers said the technique worked particularly well in children as they have such fertile imaginations .
It has been estimated that frequent stomach pain with no identifiable cause affects up to one in five children .
The research , published in the journal Pediatrics , follows on from studies showing hypnosis is an effective treatment for a range of conditions known as functional abdominal pain , which includes things like irritable bowel syndrome .
There is really a dearth of information on how to manage children with abdominal pain
Professor David Candy
In this study , the children had 20 minute sessions of " guided imagery " - a technique which prompts the subject to imagine things which will reduce their discomfort .
One example is letting a special shiny object melt into their hand and then placing their hand on their belly , spreading warmth and light from the hand inside the tummy to make a protective barrier inside that prevents anything from irritating the belly
The researchers , from the University of North Carolina and Duke University Medical Center , said a lack of therapists led them to the idea of using a CD to deliver the sessions .
In all 30 children aged between six and 15 years took part in the study - half of whom used the CDs daily for eight weeks and the rest of whom got normal treatment .
Among those who had used the CDs , 73.3 % reported that their abdominal pain was reduced by half or more by the end of the treatment course compared with 26.7 % in the standard care group .
In two - thirds of children the improvements were still apparent six months later .
Anxiety
It is not clear exactly how the technique works but studies have shown it is partly about reducing anxiety but there is also a direct effect on the pain response .
Some researchers think hypnosis - like techniques reduce " hypersensitivity " in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome .
Study leader Dr Miranda van Tilburg said it was especially exciting that the children were able to use the technique on their own .
" Such self - administered treatment is , of course , very inexpensive and can be used in addition to other treatments , which potentially opens the door for easily enhancing treatment outcomes for a lot of children suffering from frequent stomach aches .
" Children are very good at using their imagination - when you use this in adults you have to overcome a barrier first . "
Professor David Candy , a consultant paediatric gastroenterologist at Western Sussex Hospitals , said his team had tried hypnosis in a small group of children with severe abdominal pain problems and had 100 % success rate .
He added they are now keen to try the guided imagery technique to see if they can replicate the US findings .
" There is really a dearth of information on how to manage children with abdominal pain and it's a very common problem which keeps children out of school . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Snaplets
Snap includes an optional system for building reusable pieces web functionality called “ snaplets ” .
Snaplets make it easy to share and reuse common code across multiple web apps .
The default snaplets let you get a full - featured web application up and running in no time .
Install Snap now , check out the available snaplets , and start writing your own !
COLUMBIA , S.C. --
One of the business partners involved in the real estate venture at the root of a federal lawsuit against Michigan coach Rich Rodriguez is an accused felon and banned Clemson University booster .
The partner , Clegg Lamar Greene of Clemson , S.C. , was arrested Dec. 29 and charged with multiple counts of breach of trust .
According to documents provided Wednesday by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division , Green is accused of pilfering thousands of dollars from Palmetto State Enterprises LLC between 2005 and 2007 to pay debts on various business deals , buy furniture and have cosmetic surgery .
Greene had set up the corporation several years earlier , using it to help fund several condominium developments -- including one involving Rodriguez , a former coach at Clemson .
Bank documents list Greene , 71 , as one of Rodriguez 's co-investors on The Legends of Blacksburg , an 80 - unit project overlooking Virginia Tech 's Lane Stadium in Blacksburg , Va .
The connection between Greene and Rodriguez , first reported late Tuesday by the news site AnnArbor.com , comes as the second - year Michigan coach is scrambling to prepare for Saturday 's season - opener and a chance to erase the bad memories of last year 's 3 - 9 finish .
He 's already facing anonymous claims from players and former players who say the team practiced far more than is allowed by the NCAA .
Rodriguez would n't discuss his relationship with Greene when asked about it this week .
" I 'm not talking about the personal matters , " he said Wednesday .
Mike Wilcox , a Toledo , Ohio - based adviser to Rodriguez , issued a statement Tuesday saying the coach had been the victim of a Ponzi scheme dating back to 2004 .
Wilcox has not returned calls seeking additional comment .
A Spartanburg , S.C. - based bank originally loaned Rodriguez and his partner more than $ 26 million for the condo project in September 2007 , when Rodriguez was still coaching at West Virginia .
But as the project struggled amid the economic downturn , that amount was amended down to about $ 3.63 million -- the cost of only the land itself , according to loan documents filed with the court .
Last month , the bank sued Rodriguez in federal court in South Carolina , saying the coach owes $ 3.9 million -- the land cost , plus interest and fees -- for defaulting on a loan to build the condos .
When he partnered up with Rodriguez in September 2007 , Greene had already been banned twice from being a booster at Clemson .
NCAA investigators accused Greene in 2000 of providing a $ 1,300 loan and use of his boat to two Clemson recruits .
A university investigation found two minor infractions and officials disassociated Greene from the football program .
He was later reinstated but was banned again last year , Clemson athletics spokesman Tim Bourret said .
What 's unknown is whether Rodriguez -- who was offensive coordinator at Clemson from 1999 - 2000 -- knew about Greene 's possible financial troubles when they took out the 2007 loan .
According to arrest warrants , Greene began pilfering money from Palmetto State Enterprises as early as 2005 , using thousands of dollars to make loans to another business he owned and to pay off debts for his Clemson residence .
In the next two years , authorities say , Greene stole thousands more from the business , this time paying for cosmetic surgery , furniture , as well as commissions related to another development project .
Greene faces up to 10 years in prison on each felony count .
It was not clear Wednesday whether he has an attorney .
There was no answer at a phone number listed for Greene , and his son -- also a named investor in the Virginia development -- did not immediately return a phone message left at his home .
Palmetto State Enterprises , Greene 's business , is listed as the developer for two other developments at the Universities of South Carolina and Alabama :
- The Spur at Williams - Brice , a 69 - condo unit in Columbia , S.C. , next to the University of South Carolina 's Williams - Brice stadium , and ;
- The Legends of Tuscaloosa , a 60 - condo unit in Tuscaloosa , Ala. , next to the University of Alabama 's Bryant - Denny Stadium .
Greene has also faced a lawsuit from the very company he helped found .
In January 2008 , attorneys representing Palmetto State Enterprises sued Greene .
On Sept. 12 , 2007 , the still - pending suit alleges , other partners learned that its money " had been misappropriated and paid either directly or indirectly to Lamar Greene or on the account of Lamar Greene . "
Nine days later , Rodriguez , Greene and three others borrowed the $ 26 million for the Virginia project .
Former Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik , who faces federal corruption charges , is headed to the slammer , after a judge revoked his bail !
From WCBS 880 : " Judge Steven Robinson finds Kerik arrogant and self - minded and needs to get a clue .
Robinson says Kerik 's been violating court ... hiring sham lawyers to pollute the jury pool and tamper with witnesses .
The judge says he has no confidence that Kerik will stop this conduct , that he 's lied to him in the past . "
Leica recently announced that their new S2 professional digital SLR will be available this October .
I got to take a look at a pre-production Leica S2 at the annual PMA tradeshow this spring , and let me tell you – it ’s no regular digital SLR .
The Leica S2 makes even the Nikon D3x and Canon EOS - 1Ds Mark III look like amateur cameras .
It ’s a 37.5 - megapixel monster of a camera , designed for studio and commercial photographers who can afford to shell out about $ 30,000 for a camera system .
Sound ridiculous ?
I understand .
Read on to find out more .
The Leica S2 camera I saw in March was n’t ready for production yet , although it sure looked and felt like a finished camera .
The size and heft of the camera reminded me of the old Pentax 6×7 film SLR , which was a tank .
But unlike the Pentax 6×7 , the Leica S2 is a total state - of - the - art auto focus digital SLR .
And even though the camera is large and heavy compared to standard pro DSLRs like the Canon EOS 5D Mark II or the Nikon D3x , it ’s still smaller and more natural to use than the cameras it was made to compete with , the 33 - megapixel Mamiya DL33 System camera or the 31 - megapixel Hasselblad H3DII - 31 camera .
At about 5 + pounds * ( approximately 2300g ) both of those cameras weigh a about a pound - and - a - half more than the Leica S2 with the 70 mm lens mounted ( 3.6 pounds / 1633g ) .
The S2 is made of die - cast magnesium and the lenses and the body are weatherproofed to protect the camera from dust and moisture .
If you think you need even more protection , Leica also offers the camera with an ultra-scratchproof sapphire glass LCD cover .
These photos are of the pre-production Leica S2 I saw at the PMA tradeshow , this spring .
For more recent photos of the production S2 , see Dan Havlik ’s Leica S2 debut article on the PDN Web site .
Leica says they ’ve made a “ clean break ” from standard camera formats with the S2 .
The 37.5 - megapixel Kodak sensor was built specifically for this camera .
The sensor ’s 30 × 45 mm surface area is 60 % larger than a 35 mm full frame sensor and has a 3:2 aspect ratio – the same as 35 mm film and most digital SLRs .
In order to ensure the sharpest possible images , Leica decided not to use a low - pass filter .
Moiré ( a digital artifact produced by grid patterns like windows in a skyscraper or cloth texture ) is instead removed by in - camera processing .
Eliminating the low - pass filter used on all digital SLRs demonstrates how serious Leica is about the S2 being a different kind of camera .
Like the Leica M8 digital rangefinder , the S2 uses Adobe ’s DNG format for RAW shooting .
To better accommodate the DNG RAW workflow , the S2 ships with a full copy of Adobe ’s Photoshop Lightroom RAW photo processing and image management software .
To accommodate the larger sensor , Leica designed four new S - mount auto focus lenses .
The Leica Summarit - S 35 mm f/2.5 , Summarit - S 70 mm f/2.5 , APO - Macro-Summarit - S 120 mm f/2.5 and APO - Tele - Elmar - S 180 mm f/3.5 will each be available in a standard and a “ CS ” version .
The CS versions of the lenses have a leaf shutter making flash sync at 1/500th second possible .
Although Leica did n’t have a price tag on the pre-production S2 I played with at PMA , there was no doubt it was going to cost a lot .
The final $ 22,995 base price took everyone a little by surprise , though – that means $ 30 k for a camera and lens .
Even though most of choke a little reading that price , it ’s not unreasonable for the commercial market .
High - end product , food , catalog , portrait and other commercial photographers have been spending this kind of money for medium format or large format cameras with digital backs for a decade now .
Recently , integrated medium format digital systems from Hasselblad and Mamiya have appeared .
What sets the Leica S2 apart is its light weight ( compared to the Mamiya and Hasselblad cameras ) and familiar SLR ergonomics and handling .
Sure , it ’s bigger and heavier than a Canon or Nikon pro body .
But if Leica did this right , the S2 will make pro Canon and Nikon image files look like they came from a point - and - shoot camera .
The Leica S2 digital camera is scheduled to be available in October for $ 22,995 or $ 27,995 with the sapphire glass LCD display and Platinum service package , which includes free service and loaner cameras .
The Leica Summarit - S 70 mm f/2.5 and APO - Tele - Elmar - S 180 mm f/3.5 lenses will also be available in October for $ 4,495 and $ 6,495 , respectively .
The 120 mm ( $ 6,495 ) and 35 mm ( $ 5,295 ) lenses should be available before the end of 2009 and the CS versions of the lenses will come later .
Related Content :
All Leica User Reviews
All Featured User Reviews
All Leica News & Articles
Leica Web Site
* Five pound weight is body plus digital back for Mamiya and body with integrated digital components and lens for the Hasselblad .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Nico Rosberg believes he has increased his standing in the paddock with his performances in 2009 .
Although the German was unable to repeat his podium finishes of 2008 , he took a career - best seventh in the world championship and was a consistent points contender - starting in the top ten for 15 out of the 17 races , and scoring in eight consecutive mid-season grands prix .
Rosberg thinks these results have prepared him well for next season - when he is expected to join the championship - winning Brawn team having parted company with long - time employer Williams .
" This season has been an important year for me , because I really saw it as a kind of stepping stone to have the chance to fight for race wins next year and even the championship , " Rosberg told Williams 's official podcast .
" And that 's worked out fine , because thanks to everyone at Williams I had quite a decent car so I could really put in some good , consistent drives which just increased my value as a driver , so that was important .
I 'm quite pleased .
" Of course we would 've wanted to do better - we did n't get a podium , which was a bit unfortunate because I think we should have had one at least .
But anyway these things did n't come together .
All in all I think it was a good year . "
He also feels that he is still improving as a driver , and is able to cope much better with the demands of Formula 1 now he has 70 grands prix under his belt .
" Experience helps you to use your mind more , which will make me faster on track , " Rosberg said .
" It 's really nice to use your mind and think about things , not only use your talent and go for it .
Think about and analyse - there 's so much you can do with all the switches , there 's so much technology that you can use to your benefit to go faster every lap , and that 's where I 've improved a lot . "
Angry words and gestures are not the only way to get a sense of how temperamental a person is .
According to new findings in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , a quick glance at someone 's facial structure may be enough for us to predict their tendency towards aggression .
Facial width - to - height ratio ( WHR ) is determined by measuring the distance between the right and left cheeks and the distance from the upper lip to the mid-brow .
During childhood , boys and girls have similar facial structures , but during puberty , males develop a greater WHR than females .
Previous research has suggested that males with a larger WHR act more aggressively than those with a smaller WHR .
For example , studies have shown that hockey players with greater WHR earn more penalty minutes per game than players with lower WHR .
Psychologists Justin M. Carré , Cheryl M. McCormick , and Catherine J. Mondloch of Brock University conducted an experiment to see if it is possible to predict another person 's propensity for aggressive behavior simply by looking at their photograph .
Volunteers viewed photographs of faces of men for whom aggressive behavior was previously assessed in the lab .
The volunteers rated how aggressive they thought each person was on a scale of one to seven after viewing each face for either 2000 milliseconds or 39 milliseconds .
The photographs were very revealing : Volunteers ' estimates of aggression correlated highly with the actual aggressive behavior of the faces viewed , even if they saw the picture for only 39 milliseconds .
Even more interestingly , the volunteers ' estimates were also highly correlated with WHR of the faces — the greater the WHR , the higher the aggressive rating , suggesting that we may use this aspect of facial structure to judge potential aggression in others .
These findings indicate that subtle differences in face shape may affect personality judgments , which may , in turn , guide how we respond to certain individuals .
Source : Association for Psychological Science ( news : web )
Explore further Television viewing and aggression : Some alternative perspectives
Climatic Research Unit update – November 24 , 3.30 pm
The University of East Anglia has released statements from Prof Trevor Davies , Pro-Vice - Chancellor for Research , Prof Phil Jones , head of the Climatic Research Unit , and from CRU .
Statement from Professor Trevor Davies , Pro-Vice - Chancellor , Research
The publication of a selection of the emails and data stolen from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) has led to some questioning of the climate science research published by CRU and others .
There is nothing in the stolen material which indicates that peer - reviewed publications by CRU , and others , on the nature of global warming and related climate change are not of the highest - quality of scientific investigation and interpretation .
CRU ’s peer - reviewed publications are consistent with , and have contributed to , the overwhelming scientific consensus that the climate is being strongly influenced by human activity .
The interactions of the atmosphere , oceans , land , and ice mean that the strongly - increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere do not produce a uniform year - on - year increase in global temperature .
On time - scales of 5 - 10 years , however , there is a broad scientific consensus that the Earth will continue to warm , with attendant changes in the climate , for the foreseeable future .
It is important , for all countries , that this warming is slowed down , through substantial reductions in greenhouse gas emissions to reduce the most dangerous impacts of climate change .
Respected international research groups , using other data sets , have come to the same conclusion .
The University of East Anglia and CRU are committed to scientific integrity , open debate and enhancing understanding .
This includes a commitment to the international peer - review system upon which progress in science relies .
It is this tried and tested system which has underpinned the assessments of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
It is through that process that we can engage in respectful and informed debate with scientists whose analyses appear not to be consistent with the current overwhelming consensus on climate change
The publication of a selection of stolen data is the latest example of a sustained and , in some instances , a vexatious campaign which may have been designed to distract from reasoned debate about the nature of the urgent action which world governments must consider to mitigate , and adapt to , climate change .
We are committed to furthering this debate despite being faced with difficult circumstances related to a criminal breach of our security systems and our concern to protect colleagues from the more extreme behaviour of some who have responded in irrational and unpleasant ways to the publication of personal information .
There has been understandable interest in the progress and outcome of the numerous requests under information legislation for large numbers of the data series held by CRU .
The University takes its responsibilities under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 , Environmental Information Regulations 2004 , and the Data Protection Act 1998 very seriously and has , in all cases , handled and responded to requests in accordance with its obligations under each particular piece of legislation .
Where appropriate , we have consulted with the Information Commissioners Office and have followed their advice .
In relation to the specific requests at issue here , we have handled and responded to each request in a consistent manner in compliance with the appropriate legislation .
No record has been deleted , altered , or otherwise dealt with in any fashion with the intent of preventing the disclosure of all , or any part , of the requested information .
Where information has not been disclosed , we have done so in accordance with the provisions of the relevant legislation and have so informed the requester .
The Climatic Research Unit holds many data series , provided to the Unit over a period of several decades , from a number of nationally - funded institutions and other research organisations around the world , with specific agreements made over restrictions in the dissemination of those original data .
All of these individual series have been used in CRU ’s analyses .
It is a time - consuming process to attempt to gain approval from these organisations to release the data .
Since some of them were provided decades ago , it has sometimes been necessary to track down the successors of the original organisations .
It is clearly in the public interest that these data are released once we have succeeded in gaining the approval of collaborators .
Some who have requested the data will have been aware of the scale of the exercise we have had to undertake .
Much of these data are already available from the websites of the Global Historical Climate Data Network and the Goddard Institute for Space Science .
Given the degree to which we collaborate with other organisations around the world , there is also an understandable interest in the computer security systems we have in place in CRU and UEA .
Although we were confident that our systems were appropriate , experience has shown that determined and skilled people , who are prepared to engage in criminal activity , can sometimes hack into apparently secure systems .
Highly - protected government organisations around the world have also learned this to their cost .
We have , therefore , decided to conduct an independent review , which will address the issue of data security , an assessment of how we responded to a deluge of Freedom of Information requests , and any other relevant issues which the independent reviewer advises should be addressed .
Statement from Professor Phil Jones , Head of the Climatic Research Unit , University of East Anglia .
In the frenzy of the past few days , the most vital issue is being overshadowed : we face enormous challenges ahead if we are to continue to live on this planet .
One has to wonder if it is a coincidence that this email correspondence has been stolen and published at this time .
This may be a concerted attempt to put a question mark over the science of climate change in the run-up to the Copenhagen talks .
That the world is warming is based on a range of sources : not only temperature records but other indicators such as sea level rise , glacier retreat and less Arctic sea ice .
Our global temperature series tallies with those of other , completely independent , groups of scientists working for NASA and the National Climate Data Center in the United States , among others .
Even if you were to ignore our findings , theirs show the same results .
The facts speak for themselves ; there is no need for anyone to manipulate them .
We have been bombarded by Freedom of Information requests to release the temperature data that are provided to us by meteorological services around the world via a large network of weather stations .
This information is not ours to give without the permission of the meteorological services involved .
We have responded to these Freedom of Information requests appropriately and with the knowledge and guidance of the Information Commissioner .
We have stated that we hope to gain permission from each of these services to publish their data in the future and we are in the process of doing so .
My colleagues and I accept that some of the published emails do not read well .
I regret any upset or confusion caused as a result .
Some were clearly written in the heat of the moment , others use colloquialisms frequently used between close colleagues .
We are , and have always been , scrupulous in ensuring that our science publications are robust and honest .
CRU statement
Recently thousands of files and emails illegally obtained from a research server at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) have been posted on various sites on the web .
The emails relate to messages received or sent by the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) over the period 1996 - 2009 .
A selection of these emails have been taken out of context and misinterpreted as evidence that CRU has manipulated climate data to present an unrealistic picture of global warming .
This conclusion is entirely unfounded and the evidence from CRU research is entirely consistent with independent evidence assembled by various research groups around the world .
There is excellent agreement on the course of temperature change since 1881 between the data set that we contribute to ( HadCRUT3 ) and two other , independent analyses of worldwide temperature measurements .
There are no statistically significant differences between the warming trends in the three series since the start of the 20th century .
The three independent global temperature data series have been assembled by :
• CRU and the Met Office Hadley Centre ( HadCRUT3 ) in the UK .
• The National Climatic Data Center ( NCDC ) of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) in Asheville , NC , USA .
• The Goddard Institute of Space Studies ( GISS ) , part of the National Aeronautic and Space Administration ( NASA ) in New York .
The warming shown by the HadCRUT3 series between the averages of the two periods ( 1850 - 99 and 2001 - 2005 ) was 0.76±0.19 °C , and this is corroborated by the other two data sets .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in its 4th Assessment Report ( AR4 ) published in 2007 concluded that the warming of the climate system was unequivocal .
This conclusion was based not only on the observational temperature record , although this is the key piece of evidence , but on multiple strands of evidence .
These factors include : long - term retreat of glaciers in most alpine regions of the world ; reductions in the area of the Northern Hemisphere ( NH ) snow cover during the spring season ; reductions in the length of the freeze season in many NH rivers and lakes ; reduction in Arctic sea-ice extent in all seasons , but especially in the summer ; increases in global average sea level since the 19th century ; increases in the heat content of the ocean and warming of temperatures in the lower part of the atmosphere since the late 1950s .
CRU has also been involved in reconstructions of temperature ( primarily for the Northern Hemisphere ) from proxy data ( non-instrumental sources such as tree rings , ice cores , corals and documentary records ) .
Similar temperature reconstructions have been developed by numerous other groups around the world .
The level of uncertainty in this indirect evidence for temperature change is much greater than for the picture of temperature change shown by the instrumental data .
But different reconstructions of temperature change over a longer period , produced by different researchers using different methods , show essentially the same picture of highly unusual warmth across the NH during the 20th century .
The principal conclusion from these studies ( summarized in IPCC AR4 ) is that the second half of the 20th century was very likely ( 90 % probable ) warmer than any other 50 - year period in the last 500 years and likely ( 66 % probable ) the warmest in the past 1300 years .
One particular , illegally obtained , email relates to the preparation of a figure for the WMO Statement on the Status of the Global Climate in 1999 .
This email referred to a “ trick ” of adding recent instrumental data to the end of temperature reconstructions that were based on proxy data .
The requirement for the WMO Statement was for up - to - date evidence showing how temperatures may have changed over the last 1000 years .
To produce temperature series that were completely up - to - date ( i.e. through to 1999 ) it was necessary to combine the temperature reconstructions with the instrumental record , because the temperature reconstructions from proxy data ended many years earlier whereas the instrumental record is updated every month .
The use of the word “ trick ” was not intended to imply any deception .
Phil Jones comments further : “ One of the three temperature reconstructions was based entirely on a particular set of tree - ring data that shows a strong correlation with temperature from the 19th century through to the mid-20th century , but does not show a realistic trend of temperature after 1960 .
This is well known and is called the ‘ decline ’ or ‘ divergence ’ .
The use of the term ‘ hiding the decline ’ was in an email written in haste .
CRU has not sought to hide the decline .
Indeed , CRU has published a number of articles that both illustrate , and discuss the implications of , this recent tree - ring decline , including the article that is listed in the legend of the WMO Statement figure .
It is because of this trend in these tree - ring data that we know does not represent temperature change that I only show this series up to 1960 in the WMO Statement . ”
The ‘ decline ’ in this set of tree - ring data should not be taken to mean that there is any problem with the instrumental temperature data .
As for the tree-ring decline , various manifestations of this phenomenon have been discussed by numerous authors , and its implications are clearly signposted in Chapter 6 of the IPCC AR4 report .
Included here is a copy of the figure used in the WMO statement , together with an alternative version where the climate reconstructions and the instrumental temperatures are shown separately .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
These tidings posts seem to become rather sparse , but I hope you get some news by reading the Planet Six feed aggregator anyway .
Specification
Larry lifted up the dual nature of Ranges .
They mostly serve as an interval now , for smart iteration the series operator has been pimped up .
You can now write for 1 , 3 ... * +2 , 9 { .say } to print all the odd numbers between 1 and 9 . ( r28344 , r28348 , r28351 ) .
to print all the odd numbers between 1 and 9 . ( r28344 , r28348 , r28351 ) .
Rat ional and Complex types now have their own literals ( r28173 ) .
ional and Complex types now have their own literals ( r28173 ) .
Stubbed classes are now documented ( r28196 , r28197 ) .
The new S08 documents Parcels and Captures .
The numeric types have been cleaned up a lot ( r28502 and later commits up to r28597 ) .
New and improved signature introspection ( r28664 , r28665 ) .
Compilers
Rakudo
As opposed to two months ago , Rakudo now
supports the Rat type
supports overloading of many built - in operators
has contextual variables
has a faster and much better signature binder
supports all kind of trigonometric functions , including on complex numbers
implements sophisticated signature introspection
Patrick Michaud is also working on a new tool named npq-rx , which combines a self - hosting NQP compiler and a new regex engine , which already supports proto regexes , NQP code assertions and closures , and is generally much faster and better than PGE .
Sprixel
Mathew Wilson aka diakopter started sprixel , a Perl 6 to Javascript compiler .
Mildew
Mildew now has an experimental javascript emitter .
Other matters
perl6.org is redesigned again , this time spanning multiple pages , thus allowing much more stuff to be linked there .
Four Perl 6 and Rakudo hackers announced that they are writing a Perl 6 book , the print release of which shall coincide with the release of Rakudo Star .
You bring your doom upon yourself , feline .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
When it comes to legal representation , Eric Ollason Attorney at Law understands that satisfaction lies in loving what you do .
Our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer has practiced in a number of different legal capacities but has found his true calling in representing those who deserve a fresh start through bankruptcy .
For nearly 20 years , our Tucson bankruptcy law firm has delivered positive results to our clients by helping them understand their rights , and how the law can help them start anew .
Not unlike other legal matters , bankruptcy proceedings require a skilled Tucson bankruptcy attorney to administer the paperwork , while managing client expectations with simple explanations and guidelines .
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorneys law firm focuses on bankruptcy law because we believe everyone deserves a legal means of becoming financially whole again .
We provide exceptional representation while partnering with individuals and families alike to understand how to get through these tough financial times together .
The Principles of Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy provides much more than a fresh start to the person or entity who examines its benefits .
First , bankruptcy can provide an additional debt reduction option for someone , or even a company , who needs help rediscovering their financial viability .
Simply put , it allows the person or business to be released from the debt of its creditors , enhancing their spending power , stimulating the economy around them , instead of being beholden to their current creditors .
Is Bankruptcy Available to Everyone ?
In the state of Arizona , everyone is able to file for bankruptcy when they meet the criteria as outlined by the law .
If you are not able to file , it is simply because of the statutory laws that are in effect concerning your specific case .
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney can help you determine your eligibility , and provide you with personalized options to move forward .
If you have already filed for bankruptcy , and were unable to proceed with the court appearance to discharge your financial obligations fully and legally , you may be able to refile and get the clean start you deserve .
How Does Bankruptcy Help ?
Bankruptcy helps individually , from a business standpoint and economically .
No matter what type of bankruptcy one may pursue , the results will provide a welcomed restart in the financial world .
Bankruptcy allows an individual or business to reorganize or liquidate their debt , allowing them to become free from the specific creditors in their case .
This enhances spending power and eliminates the evils of interest rates that were piling up and boosting the creditors ’ bottom lines .
That money , in turn , is being put to good use throughout the economy , instead of spoiling in late fees and interest hikes that drag individuals into deeper debt .
What Types of Debt Cannot Be Forgiven ?
There are a number of types of debts that cannot be forgiven simply by filing for bankruptcy .
It is important to understand each of these fully , especially if they are applicable to your debt .
Child support , tax liens , debts that were incurred by way of fraud , and court fines cannot be removed during a bankruptcy filing .
These items , and others , are part of the non-dischargeable section on the bankruptcy code , Section 523 .
Financial Accountability & Bankruptcy Laws
It is important to understand that bankruptcy does not exist as a way of discharging a debt that was purposely developed without the intention of paying .
That is to say , individuals cannot irresponsibly rack up credit card after credit card , and run to the hills of bankruptcy to recover financially .
The circumstances that lead to bankruptcy are innumerable and result from real issues that are keeping families in debt while they wallow in financial ruin .
In fact , in our nearly twenty years of bankruptcy focus , we have yet to meet an individual who is happy to have contacted us .
Medical debts , disabilities , threats of foreclosure because of lost wages , layoffs or income cuts are all items that plague financial livelihoods , and these are the people we are committed to helping .
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney understands the uncertainty that lies behind the fact that you can no longer pay your bills while supporting yourself and / or your family .
In fact , we understand that the moment you miss a payment with a creditor , your situation worsens immediately .
Late fees , hikes in interest rates , threats , harassing phone calls , and letters can lead to poor physical and emotional health as the burden becomes too much to bear .
We understand , and we want to help .
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney and professional support staff want each of our clients to understand that there is nothing to be ashamed of , despite the mumblings from Congress and the wealthy .
These two groups believe that individuals simply quit their jobs one day and file for bankruptcy the next , laughing their way out of debt without consequence .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Considering bankruptcy is a very serious acknowledgment , and is often a realization that leads to severe self - doubt within families .
How did I get here ?
What happened ?
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney can help individuals and families alike answer those questions while helping them start their financial lives over again .
Partnering with a Financially - focused Tucson Bankruptcy Attorney
Bankruptcy is a personal decision that individuals make when they can no longer see the light at the end of the financial tunnel .
We understand fully that the only way to return to a less - stressful existence is by partnering with a qualified , experienced Tucson bankruptcy lawyer .
We provide a private forum for individuals to discuss their current financial existence , no matter how bad they think it might be .
In the twenty years that we have been specializing in bankruptcy law , our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer understands that it is important to partner with our clients so they can feel the trust and understanding within our communications .
Initial Consultation
We do not deliver advice over the Internet , nor do we take bankruptcy cases simply by asking our prospective clients to fill out forms and get in line for court .
Our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer talks to our clients in person , with our initial consultation and introduction as a starting point to the process .
There is no need to bring your personal and financial documents with you at first .
We simply want to understand your specific situation and help calm the chaos that is your current financial state .
Our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer is a Board Certified Bankruptcy Specialist approved by the Arizona State Bar .
With that distinction comes integrity , honesty , and exceptional representation to get our clients ’ livelihoods back in focus .
Bankruptcy Case Focus in Tucson
We are often asked what type of cases we handle , and as bankruptcy specialists , we could certainly generalize that we take “ all kinds . ”
The truth is , we focus on individuals and small businesses who feel like they have nowhere else to turn .
The feeling of financial ruin is enough to hinder any positive growth in a person ’s life or business .
We want to help them understand that it is not the end of the world , and financial viability is possible again .
Whether you are an individual with $ 20,000 in credit card debt or a small business on the verge of financial ruin , our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer can help stop the harassing phone calls and notices from your creditors while devising a plan to discharge your debt and get you back on track .
Our Tucson bankruptcy law firm also represents larger businesses by helping them rewrite existing mortgages , and re-amortize them over a longer period to lower the payments .
No matter what your circumstances are , it is important to understand that our Tucson bankruptcy attorney can help you without judgement , but with solutions .
Setting Ourselves Apart from the Legal Masses
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney , Eric Ollason , is a Board Certified Bankruptcy Specialist approved by the Arizona State Bar .
Our law office ’s collective experience allows us to take the stress of a bankruptcy proceeding and place it squarely on our able shoulders , allowing our clients to begin breathing calmly again .
We can help our clients decide if bankruptcy is right for them , simply by having an initial conversation .
A lot of times bankruptcy is not the question – as most people get the point of no return before even contacting an attorney – but which chapter of bankruptcy will make them whole again .
Through a series of questions and answers , we can determine the next steps for our individual client ’s needs .
As partners in the process , we make the decision together as to which Chapter is best .
Some of the criteria for deciding whether Chapter 7 , Chapter 11 , or Chapter 13 is right for the client to include the amount of debt , how much the client makes , and what type of assets they have .
Also , do they run a business ?
Have they filed before ?
Those are just some of the criteria that will help our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer determine whether , or what type of , bankruptcy is best for them .
Confident , Experienced Tucson Bankruptcy Lawyers
Our legal team has been practicing bankruptcy law for more than 20 years together .
This unique legal dynamic allows us to work as a complete team when determining which bankruptcy options work best for our clients .
Our Tucson bankruptcy attorney takes the time to establish a real relationship with our clients because we know how frightened and nervous they are about the process and about their future .
We are financial and legal counselors that deliver solutions , and allow our clients to become a positive economic impact within their community again .
If you are tired of keeping your head above the financial waters , call our Tucson bankruptcy lawyer at ( 520 ) 791-2707 to discover how we can help .
Everyone at Team GoldenEye : Source is so excited to be giving you this media and mod progress update ,
and we know we had a few months off the chart for updates , since our big releases earlier in the year .
Behind closed doors we 've been progressing so well , the reasons and apologies for the lack of word you would n't
even remember by the end of this update .
So , strap yourselves in as we reveal whats on the plate for beta 4 ! veryone at Team GoldenEye : Source is so excited to be giving you this media and mod progress update , and we know we had a few months off the chart for updates , since our big releases earlier in the year .
Behind closed doors we 've been progressing so well , the reasons and apologies for the lack of word you wouldn ' teven remember by the end of this update .
So , strap yourselves in as we reveal whats on the plate for beta 4 !
Bullet penetration -
This will work for the same set of weapons as the original used ; such as RCP90 , AR33 , and Cougar Magnum .
- This will work for the same set of weapons as the original used ; such as RCP90 , AR33 , and Cougar Magnum .
New Gameplay Modes - Expected to feature in beta 4 are Capture the Key and The Living Daylights ( Flag Tag ) .
We will explain Capture the Key in our next update !
- Expected to feature in beta 4 are Capture the Key and The Living Daylights ( Flag Tag ) .
We will explain Capture the Key in our next update !
Miscellaneous -
We made it easier to see the current weapon set 's weapons and help information on the current gameplay by simply pressing a key ( much like the voice taunt menu in TF2 ) .
Additionally , Invulnerability has also been buffed with an advanced system that promotes teamwork by allowing two different attackers to compound damage on an enemy .
And , we 've added some super secret agent implementations which are so secret you only have to get to the end of the update to gain all the knowledge .
Click for larger image
Click for larger image
On the coding side of the house we have fixed many little bugs that were in Beta 3.1.4 ( released march ) but did n't directly impact gameplay .
We have also implemented a plethora of new features in Beta 4 that further extend the GoldenEye 64 atmosphere .
One key update comes a new gameplay engine based on Python instead of our current LUA .
This not only allows us to more closely integrate the gameplay scripts with the C++ architecture , but it also makes it easier for us to create custom AI for our mod that can be tuned to each gameplay !
This advancement is still under works , but should be ready for Beta 4 or as a downloadable addition .
Things to note :
The Caverns map , by , is definitely one of the multiplayer dev favourites and we delight in getting to experience this revisioned level .
The map is capped off with extra areas accessible , the most instantly recognized is seen in screenshot three ( caverns_2.jpg ) , which links the lower section with the upper via the glass panels and holds two weapon locations .
The atmospheric enhancement available and utilized by sharpshootah on source , and the anticipation of a community , makes this map one to really look forward to !
Whaomg !?.
I 'm sure theres not a fan out there that has n't wanted this nostalgic wonder for quite some time , and the code was put in place before beta 3 came out ;
However it was rightly deemed we should not rush it , but rather finely tune the bugs that came up and hone the particle and overall visual aspects before allowing it to our playing public .
If you are wondering , It 's damage value and radius are similar to the n64 instance .
The fireball is laced with all the goodies , such as , debris and a smoke filled air for a period after the fire clears .
It also visually reflects the same way as in the n64 counterpart ; when you detonate or launch an explosive near a wall for example , the other side of the wall ( if another room for example ) will experience the fireball .
Also to note , even props that explode will be rolling explosions !
Seen above , this powerhouse weapon has just this week undergone tweaks and fixes for it 's induction into full blown testing , the code is all working and the reload animation looks 5 star and release ready .
Next update will cover more screens of this weapon , with further tweaking !
Speaking of animations , the team is buzzing with the addition ofto the developer list , we have in conjunction with KillerMonkey , been able to revamp our idle and fire animations for the characters .
These new world animations mark a big leap in our goal for a unique look , steering away from HL2 style of running / holding weapons , and more towards our vision of goldeney e 64 fame .
These are a selection of our environmental props for the current batch of levels in production .
One that im sure stands out is the spiral hatch from caverns , as well as the updated hi-res look of the computer console seen in many levels on the original !
Our 3D department has quite a few members dedicated as prop artists , to fill dozens of requests from our mappers all throughout the year of a map 's production .
Their works are tireless , with dozens of tweaks , from textures and scale as the pipeline to insertion in the level is complete ;
It 's nice to show off singularly , the environment they help create .
Lastly , our most recent sound designer / composer to join the team , , has been firing on all cylinders with his brand of Golden Eye remix .
He combines the movie - esque inspiration , with the arrangements of the game tracks in a way that is a treat to the ear and lover of all forms GoldenEye .
Here is a little blend of all his current WIP efforts that we may see done for release in the Beta 4 OST !
Again , just more choice for the new featured in - game music player , which is configurable with each level in the mod .
Bunker , Facility , Streets , Library , Surface [ right click to download ]
We want to mention one last thing .
Big thanks goes to the folks who make Wing IDE .
have provided us with a free license for their Python debug technology , which mentioned above is used for our gameplay modes and other features .
http://www.wingware.com/ : More Grenade Launcher .
The possibility of a teaser video for beta 4 , which will include visuals of rolling explosions seen above !
Plus more screens from artwork , namely a new character for MI6 about to go in game .
Finally , continuing to show new levels slated for release , this time from Viashino Cutthroat who is a savage beast of classic 's perfection .
Thanks for viewing our work and your support is appreciated !
Sincerely ,
Word comes this afternoon that a federal judge has rejected a class - action lawsuit settlement that would have seen TD Ameritrade escape with less than a wrist slap in an egregious data - breach case that touched as many as six million customers and calls for at least a public flogging .
According to Associated Press :
A federal judge has refused to approve a settlement over contact information stolen from online brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco says the deal offers little significant benefit to the more than 6 million current and former customers affected .
Walker rejected the deal despite giving it preliminary approval earlier this year .
As we first reported here on Buzzblog more than two years ago , TD Ameritrade received repeated warnings from IT security experts that it had been victimized by hackers and that personally identifiable information of its customers had been comprised .
A subsequent class - action lawsuit , spearheaded by computer consultant Matthew Elvey , was settled out of court by attorneys for both sides -- an agreement Elvey rejected and data - breach experts criticized as sending the wrong message because it offered no real compensation .
Judge Walker this past summer agreed to reconsider the settlement , a decision that paved the way for today 's news .
Public Citizen , which backed Elvey , issued this statement today :
The company 's offer to provide its clients with a one - year subscription to anti-spam software would do nothing to protect customers from identity theft and would be useless to those who already have anti-spam software or could obtain similar protection for free .
Regardless of what compensation Ameritrade offers , the company promised little to prevent a future breach or to reassure customers who had been complaining for almost two years that their private account information was being stolen from the company , said Greg Beck , the Public Citizen attorney who is representing Elvey , along with California attorney Mark A. Chavez of Chavez & Gertler .
" The court recognized that the settlement benefits Ameritrade more than its customers , " Beck said .
" Ameritrade should not get off the hook for its massive security breach until it comes clean with its clients and shows it has fixed the problem . "
Whether that happens remains to be seen , but at least the judge has sent a message to TD Ameritrade indicating it must do more to make amends .
An electromagnetic black hole -- which sucks in the light surrounding it -- has been built at Southeast University in Nanjing , China for the first time .
The device works like cosmological black holes in that it has gravity which is intense enough to bend the surrounding space - time , causing any matter in the neighborhood to spiral inward and create the hole itself .
The earth - built ' black hole ' for microwave frequencies is constructed of 60 annular strips of meta-materials ( yes , that 's the stuff of invisibility cloaks ) .
Each strip is an intricately etched circuit board which seamlessly and smoothly connects to the strips next to it , creating both a shell and absorber section to the device .
When an electromagnetic wave hits the device , it is trapped and guided through the shell region toward the core , where it is absorbed .
The device , which was created by Tie Jun Cui and Qiang Cheng , converts that absorbed light into heat , meaning that future possible applications could include new ways of harvesting solar energy .
Hit the read link for a fuller description of this truly bad dude
Unwanted :
The police mugshot so hated by man on the run that he sent one he liked better
As a wanted man , you might expect Matthew Maynard to be somewhat camera shy .
But when his local paper published a mugshot of the 23 - year - old in an attempt to track him down , he decided it did n't show his best side .
So he provided a replacement .
And if that was n't cheeky enough , he posed for the new photograph standing next to a police van .
At large : Matthew Maynard sent a officers a picture of himself posing next to a police van
Maynard is being hunted by police investigating a house burglary .
Detectives sent the mugshot to local media in Swansea as part of a public appeal .
When the picture appeared in the South Wales Evening Post , Maynard sent the paper a replacement photo of himself standing in front of a police van wearing luminous leggings and a policeman - like black jacket - which was then printed on the front page .
Yesterday officers at South Wales Police thanked him for helping their campaign .
One said : ' He is a berk .
He thinks he is being clever by showing off like this - but we 'll have him in soon now .
Maynard was not happy with the mugshot published the week before in the South Wales Evening Post , so he sent in a new one which the newspaper put on its front page and asked readers to help track him down
' Everyone in Swansea will know what he looks like now .
What an idiot !'
South Wales Police issued the original mugshot as part of a major swoop which saw 81 arrests in 48 hours for crimes including robbery , burglary , assault , possession of drugs and fraud .
Four of the suspects were picked up within hours - but Maynard is one of four still on the run and is wanted for a house raid in Mount Pleasant , Swansea .
Acting Chief Inspector Nigel Whitehouse , who led the operation , said : ' We hope that now many more people will know what he looks like and give us information which can lead to his arrest .
' But if he has any sense at all then he should just give himself up to us . '
As promised , The Associated Press will make good on its plan to trim 10 percent of its payroll by the end of the year in an increasingly somber newsroom where staffers complain that they 're in the dark about the planned cuts .
According to multiple sources within the AP , the looming threat of job loss is contributing to an anxious workplace .
Says a longtime reporter , who asked not to be identified : " Everybody is on edge .
The higher - ups are n't saying anything .
...
Nobody knows if they 'll have a job by the holidays . "
In the New York city bureau , where the once - booming national desk is virtually empty due to regionalization of edit staff , the brass further trimmed the head count -- and thus , the budget -- with a voluntary retirement program and layoffs on the editorial and administration sides .
( Full disclosure :
This writer was one of two staffers recently laid off in AP 's entertainment department . )
The latest round of layoffs , which hit two weeks ago , affected admin staffers , leaving the AP with a single receptionist at headquarters .
Now this , via Politico 's Michael Calderone :
Early estimates put the 10 percent pay roll cut at roughly 400 staffers .
But it 's unclear how many would be cut , given that the targeted reduction is in payroll and not headcount .
However , if more staffers with higher salaries are selected — most likely , those with more seniority — that number of layoffs would be less .
Right now , the AP has about 4,000 total employees , with roughly 3,000 of them in news .
Not surprisingly , there ’s uncertainty among staff since hard numbers have n’t been announced in the bureaus .
In the AP's Washington bureau , only a handful of staffers took the buyout over the summer — one being senior White House photographer Ron Edmonds .
Monday , Aug. 03 , 2009
Unicorn rehab : A few more rainbow treatments at the Avalon Therapeutic Equestrian Center Ixonia , Wis. , and the forehead horns should start coming in .
We will , we will , crok you :
The Sonisphere rock festival in Knebworth , England , features heavy metal and lightweight spelling .
Oh , stop your swiping .
I 'm trying to unlock it !
Feeding time can be hazardous at the Johannesburg Zoo if you do n't pick the right key .
Volunteer keepers have been doing most of the daily work at the zoo since the beginning of a nationwide strike last week .
The karat - ty kid : American Ryan Lochte tests his gold medal ( men 's 400 m individual medley ) with a diamond - encrusted bicuspid at the FINA Swimming World Championships in Rome .
May all your chutes open in a timely manner : A Russian Orthodox priest blesses the paratroopers during the armed forces holiday in Red Square , Moscow .
Snore spot : A trippopotamus naps on the sand at the Prague Zoo .
Sound sleeping advice :
Always pick the cab that 's not going anywhere .
( Calcutta . )
It does everything except open the pod bay door : Employees of Japanese robotics venture Cyberdyne demonstrate the HAL ( Hybrid Assistive Limb ) while crossing a Tokyo street .
The HAL suit , designed for the elderly and disabled , anticipates the user 's movement while supporting the leg and hip .
One small step for man , one easy decision for bureaucrats : Villagers watch as 22 - year - old Wu Zhongyuan rotates the blades of his homemade helicopter in preparation for a maiden flight in Songxian , China .
Wu built the chopper from a 150 cc motorcycle engine , a steel cage and wooden rotor blades .
Local government officials , apparently unimpressed with aircraft 's ability to stay aloft , refused to let him take off .
He has the cutest little change - up : Mariners rookie Shawn Kelley heads to the bullpen wearing his " Hello Kitty " backpack , a gift from his teammates , before a game against the Rangers in Arlington .
Shoot .
I think I lost a contact :
The most crowded beach in the world might be this one in Dalian , China 's Liaoning Province .
Under a barrel : Dominique Williams of the Denver Broncos support staff does some supporting at training camp in Englewood , Colo .
Spike it !
Either Kristin Richards has terrific hops or Germany 's volleyball team is a little on the short side .
( World Grand Prix volleyball , Rio de Janeiro . )
Hot -air balloons take off in Chambley - Bussieres , France , as part of the yearly " Lorraine Mondial " international air - balloon meeting .
Not quite extreme enough : Rune Glifberg still needs a little more practice before he 's ready for the Men 's Skateboard Vert at X Games 15 in Carson , Calif .
On October 15 , 2009 , We Are Change Boston asked former Federal Reserve Chairman and current Chair of President Obama ’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board , Paul Volcker , about the Bilderberg Group .
This short video clip is highly significant for several reasons , including :
1 ) A former Fed Chairman , Volcker , acknowledges that the Bilderberg Group exists .
2 ) He acknowledges that he attended their meeting this year ( 2009 ) , and two or three times previously .
3 ) He acknowledges the authority and consequences of the Logan Act , which prohibits unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with foreign governments , punishable under federal law with imprisonment up to three years .
4 ) He indirectly admits that the Federal Reserve is a non-governmental private institution , by implying the Act did n’t apply to his attendance .
5 ) If he was n’t given express authorization by President Obama to attend this year ’s meeting , he ’d be liable for punishment under the Logan Act .
Testimony in Congress , under oath , should be sought to determine that .
For those few who are still living in denial about the existence of the Bilderberg Group , or if you ’re curious , watch this clip of Ben Bernanke pulling into the 2008 Bilderberg Group meeting , and South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford reflecting upon his attendance at that same meeting .
Yeah , we 've seen a self - balancing unicycle before , but the brand new U3 - X from Honda takes it to another level .
A creepy - sterile , awesomely futuristic Honda level , to be precise .
What makes the U3 - X particularly interesting is it has the regular large wheel of a unicycle , but that wheel is actually made up of several small wheels in a series , which can rotate independently , meaning that the device can go forward , backward , side - to - side and diagonally , all being controlled with a simple lean .
Honda credits its ASIMO research for this multi-directional capability , though we 're not sure we see it -- ASIMO is biped , after all -- but far be it from us to discredit an excuse to keep up the good work on the ASIMO front .
Right now the " experimental model " of the U3 - X gets a single hour of battery and weighs under 22 pounds , with a seat and foot rests that fold into the device for extra portability .
No word of course on when the thing might make it to market , but Honda plans to show it off next month at the Tokyo Motor Show .
A devastatingly short video of the U3 - X in action is after the break .
Breakfast at the Dolphin , Disney World .
I ’m seated next to two women , each about 5 ’ 6 ” , each 250 – 300 lbs .
They ’re tucking into their French toast with syrup , bacon - cheese omelets and sticky buns with butter , when one woman ’s cell phone alarm goes off .
“ Oh , time to take my pills , ” she cheerfully announces to her companion .
Many of you will read the above paragraph with some degree of moral disapproval ; I wrote it to elicit that reaction .
Others of you will blame Big Food .
Others , who sympathize with the difficulty of losing weight , can be further broken down into those who seek :
a. better drugs for appetite suppression ,
b. various forms of group or self - help programs , or
c. self - worth through affirmations —
“ Fat Power . ”
All of which suggests total lack of agreement about how to address obesity .
But maybe it suggests even more .
The obesity problem is a subset of a larger problem : how to get human beings — and companies –to change .
Options for Dealing with Obesity
It is a statistical fact that we have suddenly — like in the last 20 years — gotten significantly , massively , undeniably , across - the - board fatter .
If you have any doubts about this at all , read the New Yorker ’s XXXL : Why Are We So Fat ?
Believe it .
The Dolphin is America .
We have recently become Big Time Fat .
And we are dying way younger , driving up health care costs massively , and lowering life quality by doing so .
You could , of course , go for the structural solution .
The Dolphin also has a store called Sugar3 .
The Dolphin does n’t offer microwaves , and they do n’t sell plain popcorn .
But you can buy caramelized , sugared popcorn in the stores .
Change all that .
But fixing an industry that is laser - focused on profitable hi-calorie product creation is just not gonna happen in the US .
We believe too strongly in other values — self - will , freedom of choice , individual responsibility .
When these iconic values get into the hands of purely self - aggrandizing corporate profit machines , we are putty .
We do not have the aggregate political self - will to systemically ‘ just say no ’ to the purveyors of deep - fried - quad - stacker - twinkies .
( It is n’t just the food itself , either .
Bra sizes ( I ’m told ) have been gradually getting smaller ( i.e. the old B is the new C ) .
Lady ’s dress sizes have gone the other way ( the old 8 is the new 6 ) ; I heard of one ( highly educated ) woman who only shops at one store , because only there is she a size 2 . )
If the social and political system is inadequate to deal with this public health issue , then how about self - will ?
The growing magnitude of self - help books is testimony to the failure of self - help books .
What about groups ?
Whether Nutri-System or Weight - Watchers or Overeaters Anonymous , it works if you work it .
( Oh , that darn ‘ if ’ clause ) .
And we watch motivated , powerful people like Oprah or Kirstie Alley fail to work it — publicly , all the time .
Drugs ?
Been to a managed care facility for seniors lately ?
There is a several - times daily routine ; the wheelchairs line up at the meds - dispensing window like obedient dairy cattle .
Many of us very much want to believe there is a penicillin for everything ; if the evening news tells us we can treat restless - pinky syndrome , then weight - control ought to be a piece of cake ( sorry ) .
The obvious truth is : none of these solutions works with anything near dependability .
There are no silver bullets ; bullet peddlers also rep lines of snake oil .
For a few souls , one solution works ; but even then , it ’s after having tried others .
The best answer seems to be : d. all of the above .
Now –what ’s this got to do with organizational change ?
Options for Dealing with Organizational Change
How do you change an organization ?
How do you improve sales , customer service , or total quality ?
How do you increase employee engagement , customer loyalty , or trustworthiness ?
• Structure helps .
Close the sugar - cubed stores , aka monetized mini-metrics and weekly quotas ; sell fruit next to the Fatitos , i.e. talk to customers , role - model good behavior .
Make it easier to be good .
• Keep it simple .
Every diet ever invented is subject to Newton ’s Law of Conservation of Energy — it is simply about calories .
Every company ever invented has to sell something good to someone who wants it .
The further away you get from the basics , the more people forget the basics .
• There is no pill .
There is no pill .
There is no pill .
• Fat Power is no better than Alcoholic Power , Smokers Power or Victim Power .
The Brotherhood of the Similarly Fat is just another self - deluding drug .
Spandex is not your friend .
• Will power alone is necessary but not sufficient : white - knuckling is sometimes required , but it ’s a helluva way to live a life .
Make the daily stuff of business itself the carrot , then use fewer sticks .
Corporate change is n’t only like personal change , it is personal change .
Becoming fully adult and fully human is a lifelong pursuit .
Ditto for companies .
Choose d. all the above .
Power was out in many parts of town and some hospitals had collapsed .
Cellphone networks were brittle or broken .
And across the earthquake - flattened Indonesian port city of Padang on Friday , rescue teams continued to tear at the rubble and pull out bodies .
With so much of the city of 900,000 in ruins , the toll from the magnitude 7.6 temblor that struck the large island of Sumatra on Wednesday had reached 715 dead , according to an official count , and was expected to rise dramatically .
“ We ’ve heard it so many times : ‘ Ambulance .
Body bag .
Ambulance .
Body bag .
We need more oxygen , more masks , ’ ” said Aim Zein , whose indie FM radio station , PRONEWS 90 , is one of the few remaining sources of information for many of Padang ’s residents and is helping coordinate the relief operation .
“ It ’s always the same story , and the same items , ” said Zein , who runs the station from his home .
Advertisement
Rescue efforts two days after the quake were hampered by a lack of the heavy digging equipment needed to pry apart huge slabs of concrete that fell atop one another as buildings collapsed .
About 3,000 people may still be trapped beneath the rubble , and several times that number have been hospitalized , officials said .
Poor communications have limited reports from Padang ’s outlying areas , where damage is also extensive and death tolls are expected to rise .
A quake - triggered landslide blocked the road to the port city of Bungus to the south , severely cutting fuel supplies to the region and prompting residents to swarm gas stations for the trickle that remained available .
But Padang , the capital of West Sumatra province , may have been the hardest hit .
Dozens of buildings around the city , including several government facilities , lay in ungainly heaps of concrete and twisted iron bars .
Only despair was in the air at Gedung Pelayanan Hospital on Friday night .
The hospital was damaged in the quake , leaving patients hooked to IVs to be cared for under tents in the parking lot .
The odor from bodies kept in a makeshift morgue up the road caused many in the crowd to cover their noses .
Advertisement
“ You can see the condition of the hospital .
We have to put the patients outside once they stabilize , ” said Meta Silvia , a 22 - year - old medical student who was tending to the wounded .
She said surgery on the most seriously injured was being done inside ; the outdoor tents were used for postoperative care .
“ When they stabilize we have to put them outside , ” she said .
“ It ’s the best we can do right now . ”
There were some near - miracles .
Student Ratna Kurniasari Virgo , 19 , was pulled alive from the rubble of her college , the Foreign Language School of Prayoga about 40 hours after the quake hit .
But the chances of finding other people alive diminished with each passing hour .
The destruction of the Prayoga language school left little doubt about the fate of those inside when the quake struck .
The walls of the building gave way entirely , the roof of heavy tiles now resting only a few feet off the ground on a pile of bricks .
Surviving students , parents and friends walked amid the wreckage , occasionally probing at the rubble as they held a vigil for the victims .
Advertisement
A similar scene took place across town at the crumbled Ambacang Hotel , a colonial - style watering hole with a trendy late - night disco .
Observers said hundreds of people were missing , and some in the crowd that gathered to watch the work of canine rescue teams and bulldozers insisted that as many as eight people were still alive , trapped in the hotel pool .
Rescuers pulled only four people from the site Friday .
All were dead .
Despite diminished hopes , foreign governments and international aid organizations airlifted tents , water , medicine , food and emergency workers to the busy Padang airport .
Officials told the Associated Press that , based on reports from relatives , thousands of people were missing , though exact figures were unavailable .
It is not unusual after natural disasters to have many people listed as missing show up alive later .
Advertisement
About 40 miles north of Padang , in the hilly , rural and relatively remote district of Pariaman , which has a population of just under 400,000 people , virtually no buildings remained standing , and there was little sign of outside help and little progress made in clearing landslides and blocked roads , according to an AP reporter who visited the area Friday .
The quake was centered on the same fault as the one that caused the 2004 tsunami , which killed more than 220,000 people in a dozen nations around the Indian Ocean .
Major natural disasters sometimes have political implications .
The aftermath of the 2004 tsunami saw a breakthrough in a protracted standoff between insurgents and the Indonesian government over control of the northern Sumatran province of Aceh .
Advertisement
A massive earthquake in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir in 2005 raised the profile of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba when it was able to marshal aid far more quickly and efficiently than the government , earning significant goodwill among Pakistanis .
Ryan Clark , associate research fellow with the International Center for Political Violence and Terrorism Research in Singapore , said he saw little chance that Indonesia ’s preeminent militant Islamic group , Jemaah Islamiah , would score points from this disaster .
“ I do n’t think this will be a coup for extremist groups , ” he said .
“ By and large , the Indonesian government was on the scene immediately .
And Lashkar - e - Taiba had a huge budget and was under a humanitarian umbrella , while Jemaah Islamiah does n’t have access to that sort of infrastructure . ”
But for now , the focus is on the dead and missing .
Advertisement
At the LIA English - language school for post - high school students , hundreds of onlookers pressed against the gates to watch the search for about 50 students left inside .
Nursim Salam , 51 , was giving an exam when the earthquake struck .
A teacher for 15 years , he said there were five students in the room being tested , and four waiting outside .
“ When I felt the quake , I told them all to get out .
I just tried to save myself .
We were all panicking , ” he said as the wreckage of the school was being searched behind him .
Salam was trapped under debris in the lobby for 12 hours .
He did n’t know how many students had been left inside .
Advertisement
“ I am very sorry to all the students and families , ” he said .
And radio owner Zein , who spent the first two nights of the crisis pulling bodies out of the rubble , said he had become numbed by it all .
“ I feel so helpless when I ca n’t help people live , ” he said .
“ But you get used to it after a while -- seeing people die . ”
--
Advertisement
mark.magnier@latimes.com
McDermid is a special correspondent .
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
So what 's the biggest time - bomb for Obama , America , capitalism , the world ?
No , not global warming .
Not poverty .
Not even peak oil .
What is the absolute biggest , one like the trigger mechanism on a nuclear bomb , one that 'll throw a wrench in global economic growth , ending capitalism , even destroying modern civilization ?
The one that -- if not solved soon -- renders all efforts to solve all the other problems in the world , irrelevant , futile and virtually impossible ?
News flash : the " Billionaires Club " knows : Bill Gates called billionaire philanthropists to a super - secret meeting in Manhattan last May .
Included : Buffett , Rockefeller , Soros , Bloomberg , Turner , Oprah and others meeting at the " home of Sir Paul Nurse , a British Nobel prize biochemist and president of the private Rockefeller University , in Manhattan , " reports John Harlow in the London TimesOnline .
During an afternoon session each was " given 15 minutes to present their favorite cause .
Over dinner they discussed how they might settle on an ' umbrella cause ' that could harness their interests . "
The world 's biggest time - bomb ?
Overpopulation , say the billionaires .
And yet , global governments with their $ 50 trillion GDP , are n't even trying to solve the world 's overpopulation problem .
G - 20 leaders ignore it .
So by 2050 the Earth 's population will explode by almost 50 % , from 6.6 billion today to 9.3 billion says the United Nations .
And what about those billionaires and their billions ?
Can they stop the trend ?
Sadly no .
Only a major crisis , a global catastrophe , a collapse beyond anything prior in world history will do it .
Here 's why :
Civilizations collapse fast , crises trigger , leaders clueless
" One of the disturbing facts of history is that so many civilizations collapse , " warns Jared Diamond , an environmental biologist , Pulitzer prize winner and author of " Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed . "
Many " civilizations share a sharp curve of decline .
Indeed , a society 's demise may begin only a decade or two after it reaches its peak population , wealth and power . "
Other voices are darker , shrill : " We 're past the point of no return . "
" It 's already too late . "
" The end is near . "
As with Rome 's collapse , it happens fast .
Clueless leaders are caught off - guard , like Greenspan , Bernanke and Paulson a couple years ago .
Call it " WWIII : The Population Wars . "
A few years ago Fortune analyzed a classified Pentagon report predicting that " climate could change radically and fast .
That would be the mother of all national security issues "
Population unrest would then create " massive droughts , turning farmland into dust bowls and forests to ashes . "
And " by 2020 there is little doubt that something drastic is happening ... an old pattern could emerge ; warfare defining human life . "
War will be the end - game : For capitalism , civilization , earth ?
Diamond 's 12 - part equation is very simple , fits perfectly with a global warfare scenario : " More people require more food , space , water , energy , and other resources ...
There is a long built - in momentum to human population growth called the ' demographic bulge ' with a disproportionate number of children and young reproductive - age people . "
And if the " bulge " stops for any reason , game over .
Economic " growth " ends , killing capitalism .
So look closely : Diamond 's equation has 12 time - bombs .
But note , the first two are the biggest triggers in the formula .
The other 10 are derivative variables .
1. Overpopulation Multiplier
According to TimesOnline : A few months before the billionaires meeting Gates noted : " Official [ U.N. ] projections say the world 's population will peak at 9.3 billion [ up from 6.6 billion today ] but with charitable initiatives , such as better reproductive health care , we think we can cap that at 8.3 billion . "
Still , that 's 23 % more than today 's 6.6 billion .
Can it be stopped ?
In a recent special issue of Scientific American , population was called " the most overlooked and essential strategy for achieving long - term balance with the environment . "
Why ?
Population 's the new " third - rail " for politicians .
So they ignore it .
Yet , if all nations consumed resources at the same rate as America , we 'd need six Earths to survive .
Unfortunately that scenario is unstoppable .
Because by 2050 , while America 's population grows from 300 million to a mere 400 million , the rest of the world will explode from 6.3 billion to 8.9 billion , with over 1.4 billion each in China and India .
2. Population Impact Multiplier
Diamond warns : " There are ' optimists ' who argue that the world could support double its human population . "
But he adds , they " consider only the increase in human numbers and not average increase in per-capita impact .
But I have not heard anyone who seriously argues that the world could support 12 times it 's current impact . "
And yet , that 's exactly what happens with " all third - world inhabitants adopting first - world standards . "
Folks , we oversold the American dream .
Now everyone wants it .
Not just 300 million Americans , but 6.3 billion people worldwide are demanding more , more , more !
" What really counts , " says Diamond , " is not the number of people alone , but their impact on the environment , " the " per-capita impact . "
First - world citizens " consume 32 times more resources such as fossil fuels , and put out 32 times more waste , than do the inhabitants of the Third World . "
So the race is on : " Low impact people are becoming high - impact people " aspiring " to first - world living standards . "
The American dream is now the global dream .
Warning : The " Impact Multiplier " will drive the global " WWIII - Population Wars " equation even if there is zero population growth to 2050 !
In Diamond 's masterpiece , " Collapse , " the two key variables are what we call the " Over- Population Multiplier " and " Population Impact Multiplier . "
Now let 's closely examine Diamond 's other 10 variables that are driving our " WWIII - Population Wars " equation :
3. Food
Two billion people , mostly poor , depend on fish and other wild foods for protein .
They " have collapsed or are in steep decline " forcing use of more costly animal proteins .
The U.N. calls the global food crisis a " silent tsunami . "
Food prices rise making it worse for the 2.7 billion living below poverty levels on two dollars a day .
In " The End of Plenty , " National Geographic warns that even a new " green revolution " of " synthetic fertilizers , pesticides , and irrigation , supercharged by genetically engineered seeds " may fail .
Why ?
A joint World Bank / U.N. study " concluded that the immense production increases brought about by science and technology the past 30 years have failed to improve food access for many of the world 's poor . "
Meanwhile , a Time cover story warns that America 's " addiction to meat " has led to farming that 's " destructive of the soil , the environment and us . "
4. Water
Diamond warns : " Most of the world 's fresh water in rivers and lakes is already being used for irrigation , domestic and industrial water , " transportation , fisheries and recreation .
Water problems destroyed many earlier civilizations : " Today over a million people lack access to reliable safe drinking water . "
British International Development Minister recently warned that two - thirds of the world will live in water - stressed countries by 2015 .
Water will trade like oil futures as wars are fought over water and other basic essentials noted earlier in Fortune 's analysis of the Pentagon report predicting that warfare will define human life in this scenario of the near future .
5. Farmland
Crop soils are " being carried away by water and wind erosion at rates between 10 to 40 times the rates of soil formation , " much higher in forests where the soil - erosion rate is " between 500 and 10,000 times " replacement rate .
And this is increasing in today 's new age of the 100,000 - acre megafires .
6. Forests
We are destroying natural habitats and rain forests at an accelerating rate .
Half the world 's original forests have been converted to urban developments .
A quarter of what remains will be converted in the next 50 years .
7. Toxic chemicals
Often our solutions create more problems than they solve .
For example , industries " manufacture or release into the air , soil , oceans , lakes , and rivers many toxic chemicals " that break down slowly or not at all .
Consider the deadly impact of insecticides , pesticides , herbicides , detergents , plastics ... the list is endless .
8. Energy resources : oil , natural gas and coal
Pimco manages $ 747 billion : equity , bonds and commodity funds .
Manager Bill Gross recently described a " significant break " in the world 's " growth pattern . "
He 's betting we 're past the " peak oil " tipping point .
Consumer shopping will continue declining as economies grow very slowly in the future and " corporate profits will be static . "
A recent issue of Foreign Policy Journal warns of the " 7 Myths About Alternative Energy . "
Are biofuels , solar and nuclear the " major ticket ? "
No , they 're not , never will be .
9. Solar energy
Sunlight is not unlimited .
Diamond :
We 're already using " half of the Earth 's photosynthetic capacity " and we will reach the max by mid-century .
In " Plundering the Amazon , " Bloomberg Markets magazine warned that Alcoa , Cargill and other companies " have bypassed laws designed to prevent destruction of the world 's largest rain forest ... robbing the earth of its best shield against global warming . "
Free market capitalism may be the enemy of survival .
10 . Ozone layer
" Human activities produce gases that escape into the atmosphere " where they can destroy the protective ozone or absorb and reduce solar energy .
11 . Diversity
" A significant fraction of wild species , populations and genetic diversity has been lost , and at present rates , a large percent of the rest will disappear in half century . "
12 . Alien species
Transferring species to lands where they 're not native can have unintended and catastrophic effects , " preying on , parasitizing , infecting or outcompeting " native animals and plants that lack evolutionary resistance .
In spite of the clear message in Diamond 's 12 time - bombs , he still says he 's a " cautious optimist . "
What fuels his hope ?
Our leaders need " the courage to practice long - term thinking , and to make bold , courageous , anticipatory decisions at a time when problems have become perceptible but before they reach crisis proportions . "
Unfortunately , history tells us that cautious leaders are myopic , driven more by self - interest and nationalism than courage and long - term thinking .
Eventually they 're caught off guard and their worlds collapse , fast .
They only respond to crises .
And , yes , out of crisis may come opportunity .
As Nobel economist Milton Friedman put it in his classic , " Capitalism and Freedom : " " Only a crisis -- actual or perceived -- produces real change " because in the aftermath of crisis " the politically impossible becomes politically inevitable . "
Too many , however , delay and respond to crises with too little , too late .
Bottom line :
The betting odds are 100 % that global leaders will wait for a Pentagon - style " black swan " crisis before acting .
Unfortunately , that delay positions the " WWIII : The Population Wars " dead ahead .
“ Black Confederate troops are a fact and not fiction … . ”
Yesterday I received a comment from a reader in response to one of my posts on black Confederates or what I am now calling , Confederate slaves .
I am not highlighting this comment to necessarily embarrass this particular reader , but to point out the quality or level of sophistication of the vast majority of comments and emails that I receive from people who continue to push this line of thought .
In this case the reader included a link to an image of two armed black men from the January 3 , 1863 issue of Harper ’s Weekly that you see here .
The short editorial that accompanied the image includes the title , “ Rebel Negro Pickets ” , and reads as follows :
So much has been said about the wickedness of using the negroes on our side in the present war , that we have thought it worth while to reproduce on this page a sketch sent us from Fredericksburg by our artist , Mr. Theodore R. Davis , which is a faithful representation of what was seen by one of our officers through his field - glass , while on outpost duty at that place .
As the picture shows , it represents two full - blooded negroes , fully armed , and serving as pickets in the rebel army .
It has long been known to military men that the insurgents affect no scruples about the employment of their slaves in any capacity in which they may be found useful .
Yet there are people here at the North who affect to be horrified at the enrollment of negroes into regiments .
Let us hope that the President will not be deterred by any squeamish scruples of the kind from garrisoning the Southern forts with fighting men of any color that can be obtained .
Following the link , the commenter suggests simply that , “ Black Confederate troops are a fact and not fiction … . ”
Granted that this is an extreme example , but it is an excellent example of the biggest problem when it comes to this issue .
There is a glaring inability on the part of many to engage in even the most rudimentary historical analysis .
In this case there is no attempt to interpret the newspaper in which the image and commentary were included .
No questions are asked about the source of the observation .
How does the writer know that the two men were on picket duty ?
There is no evidence that Davis believed that what he saw were two black soldiers on picket duty .
I have to assume that the author of the comment believes that in referring to the two black men as black Confederates he is implying their service as soldiers in the Confederate army .
The problem is that even the commentary accompanying the image in Harper ’s attempts to push black recruitment in the Union army based on the fact that Confederates were already utilizing their slave labor to support their military .
As serious historians we are supposed to ask questions of the available evidence .
A healthy dose of skepticism is always necessary when wading through complex questions .
However , in the case of black Confederates I am constantly amazed at the sloppiness that passes for serious thought .
If it ’s not the unquestioning acceptance of a supposed first - hand account it ’s a postwar photograph of a Confederate veteran along with a black man who also happens to be wearing a uniform or a pension file that lists a black man as a member of a specific unit .
Finally , I find it strange and a reflection of just how distorted our memory of the Civil War has become that we would look at this particular image and be inclined to interpret the presence of blacks with the Confederate army as something positive .
When I look at this image it reinforces the horror of slavery itself .
Consider how many black families were split apart and then consider the number of slaves that were forced to travel with the army and engage in activities that put their own lives at risk in a cause that if successful would have guaranteed their future enslavement .
To knit a flat scarf on a round knitting loom , you knit back and forth over a portion of the pegs instead around the whole loom in a circle .
You ’ve heard about carbon offsetting , where your decision to drive a Hummer or fly by private jet can be “ offset ” by paying a fee to a company like TerraPass to reduce your carbon footprint elsewhere .
But what about hate offsetting ?
As in , if you want to buy a product from somebody who supports anti-gay efforts , can you offset your funding of homophobia by giving money to a pro-gay cause ?
No , you cannot .
And it ’s ridiculous to assume you could .
Except that ’s what the website GayGamer was advising video gamers this summer who absolutely had to purchase the Xbox 360 title Shadow Complex , which is based on sci - fi writer Orson Scott Card ’s Empire series .
Which means in all likelihood ( we have n’t read the contracts ) that your purchase of Shadow Complex from Chair Entertainment and Epic Game puts money directly into the pocket of Card , the National Organization for Marriage board member who thinks men and women become gay through childhood rape or molestation .
( Card also called for the overthrow of government if Prop 8 did n’t pass . )
By many accounts , Shadow Complex is a fantastic game .
And just because it ’s benefiting a virulent homophobe is n’t enough to keep some players from buying the game .
So if you must have it , GayGamer advises you “ offset ” the hate funding by donating a few bucks to a gay charity .
Will that be enough to keep you with a clear conscious ?
It should n’t .
Putting money directly into the hands of parties who campaign against gay rights is hard to defend on any level , even if you ’re also giving money to groups fighting for gay rights .
You can not have it both ways .
You cannot buy Stephenie Meyer ’s Twilight — which , because she is Mormon , some 10 percent of her profits will end up going to the Church ’s anti-gay crusade — and then also donate the same amount to the Courage Campaign .
You are still funding hatred .
You do n’t get to stay at Prop 8 - funder Doug Manchester ’s Hyatt hotel in San Diego and then write a check for the price of your room and mini bar addiction to Equality California .
Consider the second - grade logic :
It ’s the equivalent of donating cash to Protect Maine Equality and Stand For Marriage Maine .
You would n’t consider that scenario .
So why are you considering the others ?
Because you absolutely must buy products that benefit civil rights rapists ?
You might be able to find a moral excuse in there somewhere .
We can ’t .
But we ’re willing to be swayed .
When the Rabbis Marched on Washington
Dr. Alex Grobman is a Hebrew University trained historian .
He is the author of a number of books , including Nations United : How The U.N. Undermines Israel and The West , Denying History : Who Says The Holocaust Never Happened and Why Do They Say It ? and a forthcoming book on Israel 's moral and legal right to exist as a Jewish State .
After the Bermuda Conference in April 1943 failed to solve the refugee crisis , rescue became a major concern for the American Orthodox Jewish community .
The U.S. and British arranged the conference seemingly to address the crisis of wartime refugees , but this was a pretense to appease those demanding action .
Dressed in long , dark rabbinic attire , the rabbis walked from Union Station to the Capitol Building .
There , Rabbis Eliezer Silver , Israel Rosenberg and Bernhard Louis Levinthal led a recitation of Psalms .
Peter Bergson ( Hillel Kook ) , who was head of the Emergency Committee to Save the Jewish People of Europe , introduced them to Vice President Henry Wallace and a number of Congressmen .
Bergson enlisted the rabbis and the American Jewish Legion of Veterans for the march .
He expected the American clergy would join , but none did .
Only the Union of Orthodox Rabbis of the U.S. and Canada , the Union of Hassidic Rabbis and a commander of the Jewish Legion participated .
The modern Orthodox Rabbinical Council of America sent Rabbi David Silver , Rabbi Eliezer Silver ’s son .
White House adviser Judge Samuel Rosenman told the president that those “ behind this petition ” were “ not representative of the most thoughtful elements in Jewry . ”
The “ leading Jews ” Rosenman knew opposed the march , but he admitted failing to “ keep the horde from storming Washington . ”
A number of Jewish congressmen had attempted to dissuade the rabbis from marching .
This backfired when Congressman Sol Bloom , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , argued that , “ It would be undignified for these un-American looking rabbis to appear in the nation ’s capital . ”
At the Lincoln Memorial , the rabbis — who had declared a fast day — prayed for the welfare of the armed forces and the Jews of Europe and a quick Allied victory .
Then they walked to the White House and prayed outside the gates .
Though they expected to meet with the President , they were told he was unavailable .
Later they learned he went to Bolling Field Air Force Base for a minor ceremony to avoid meeting them .
William D. Hassett , Roosevelt ’s correspondence secretary , claimed that the newspaper correspondents , who left the march to accompany the president , deprived the rabbis of publicity .
The Yiddish press disagreed .
Samuel Margoshes , editor of the liberal Yiddish daily Der Tog , noted that the enormous attention the rabbis received in Washington was important because “ tens of thousands of bystanders … got to know , possibly for the first time , that millions of Jews were being killed in Nazi - held Europe and that millions more were in jeopardy .
Also , that the Jews of America , profoundly agitated by what ( was ) happening to their kin , were appealing to the Government and people of the United States for help in saving their brethren from imminent doom . ”
Margoshes said the procession of Orthodox rabbis in their Hasidic garb and round plush hats evinced such “ interest , wonderment ” and “ respect . ”
There “ was something of the quality of a religious procession that characterized the Rabbinical Pilgrimage and compelled the respect of every passerby . ”
The Vice President accepted a Rescue Memorandum from Rabbi Silver on behalf of the Agudas Harabonim .
The petition stated :
In view of this tragic emergency , it is a holy obligation to take drastic steps to save the Jewish people .
America was asked to :
1 . To adopt immediate and practical measures of rescue and to use all possible means to end the murders committed by Nazi criminals .
2 . To warn Germany and all that every atrocity and crime perpetrated against their Jewish residents , whether by governments or private individuals , will be held against them and that , likewise , every act of kindness toward their unfortunates will not pass unnoticed .
3 . To send ships with food and medical supplies to the Jews starving in ghettos , under the supervision of a neutral commission or through the International Red Cross .
4 . To influence and persuade neutral countries to allow the Jewish refugees who flee from the Nazi sword to seek security within their borders and to guarantee to these countries the means for the temporary maintenance of these refugees .
5 . To open the gates of the United Nations to provide havens therein , and to facilitate the entry into our land , the United States of America , of those who can escape the Nazi terror .
6 . To open the doors of Palestine immediately to these refugees .
7 . To create a special intergovernmental agency to save the remnant of Israel in Europe with powers and means to act at once on a large scale .
Rabbi Aharon Kotler , one of the preeminent Orthodox rabbis of his generation , was probably the only major Orthodox rabbinic figure not to attend the march .
Dealing with the plight of the Jews in the public forum was inappropriate , because he believed the nations of the world reveled in the Jews ’ tragedies .
The most suitable means of protest was to focus anger and frustration at the members of Congress .
Only quiet diplomacy could succeed .
Without such prodding in this case , the American government might never have acted .
John Pehle , who served as the first director of the War Refugee Board said , “ Only when the matter [ of rescue ] was brought to the President forcefully did Roosevelt react . ”
At a time when the American Jewish community organizes annual marches in support of Israel , it is important to remember that marches are a fairly new phenomenon .
The Rabbis March on Washington D.C. on October 6 , 1943 was the only public demonstration by American Jews to highlight the issue of rescue .
After the Bermuda Conference in April 1943 failed to solve the refugee crisis , rescue became a major concern for the American Orthodox Jewish community .
The U.S. and British arranged the conference seemingly to address the crisis of wartime refugees , but this was a pretense to appease those demanding action .
Dressed in long , dark rabbinic attire , the rabbis walked from Union Station to the Capitol Building .
There , Rabbis Eliezer Silver , Israel Rosenberg and Bernhard Louis Levinthal led a recitation of Psalms .
Peter Bergson ( Hillel Kook ) , who was head of the Emergency Committee to Save the Jewish People of Europe , introduced them to Vice President Henry Wallace and a number of Congressmen .
Bergson enlisted the rabbis and the American Jewish Legion of Veterans for the march .
He expected the American clergy would join , but none did .
Only the Union of Orthodox Rabbis of the U.S. and Canada , the Union of Hassidic Rabbis and a commander of the Jewish Legion participated .
The modern Orthodox Rabbinical Council of America sent Rabbi David Silver , Rabbi Eliezer Silver ’s son .
White House adviser Judge Samuel Rosenman told the president that those “ behind this petition ” were “ not representative of the most thoughtful elements in Jewry . ”
The “ leading Jews ” Rosenman knew opposed the march , but he admitted failing to “ keep the horde from storming Washington .
” A number of Jewish congressmen had attempted to dissuade the rabbis from marching .
This backfired when Congressman Sol Bloom , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , argued that , “ It would be undignified for these un-American looking rabbis to appear in the nation ’s capital .
” At the Lincoln Memorial , the rabbis — who had declared a fast day — prayed for the welfare of the armed forces and the Jews of Europe and a quick Allied victory .
Then they walked to the White House and prayed outside the gates .
Though they expected to meet with the President , they were told he was unavailable .
Later they learned he went to Bolling Field Air Force Base for a minor ceremony to avoid meeting them .
William D. Hassett , Roosevelt ’s correspondence secretary , claimed that the newspaper correspondents , who left the march to accompany the president , deprived the rabbis of publicity .
The Yiddish press disagreed .
Samuel Margoshes , editor of the liberal Yiddish daily , noted that the enormous attention the rabbis received in Washington was important because “ tens of thousands of bystanders … got to know , possibly for the first time , that millions of Jews were being killed in Nazi - held Europe and that millions more were in jeopardy .
Also , that the Jews of America , profoundly agitated by what ( was ) happening to their kin , were appealing to the Government and people of the United States for help in saving their brethren from imminent doom . ” Margoshes said the procession of Orthodox rabbis in their Hasidic garb and round plush hats evinced such “ interest , wonderment ” and “ respect . ”
There “ was something of the quality of a religious procession that characterized the Rabbinical Pilgrimage and compelled the respect of every passerby .
” The Vice President accepted a Rescue Memorandum from Rabbi Silver on behalf of the Agudas Harabonim .
The petition stated :
In view of this tragic emergency , it is a holy obligation to take drastic steps to save the Jewish people .
America was asked to : 1 . To adopt immediate and practical measures of rescue and to use all possible means to end the murders committed by Nazi criminals .
2 .
To warn Germany and all that every atrocity and crime perpetrated against their Jewish residents , whether by governments or private individuals , will be held against them and that , likewise , every act of kindness toward their unfortunates will not pass unnoticed .
3 .
To send ships with food and medical supplies to the Jews starving in ghettos , under the supervision of a neutral commission or through the International Red Cross .
4 .
To influence and persuade neutral countries to allow the Jewish refugees who flee from the Nazi sword to seek security within their borders and to guarantee to these countries the means for the temporary maintenance of these refugees .
5 .
To open the gates of the United Nations to provide havens therein , and to facilitate the entry into our land , the United States of America , of those who can escape the Nazi terror .
6 .
To open the doors of Palestine immediately to these refugees .
7 .
To create a special intergovernmental agency to save the remnant of Israel in Europe with powers and means to act at once on a large scale .
Rabbi Aharon Kotler , one of the preeminent Orthodox rabbis of his generation , was probably the only major Orthodox rabbinic figure not to attend the march .
Dealing with the plight of the Jews in the public forum was inappropriate , because he believed the nations of the world reveled in the Jews ’ tragedies .
The most suitable means of protest was to focus anger and frustration at the members of Congress .
Only quiet diplomacy could succeed .
Without such prodding in this case , the American government might never have acted .
John Pehle , who served as the first director of the War Refugee Board said , “ Only when the matter [ of rescue ] was brought to the President forcefully did Roosevelt react . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
Mike Schoenberg - 9/28/2009
Omar , I doubt there is any hidden message here .
As for the AIPAC or whatever their similar face looked like before the Holocaust was revealed , the article metioned how so many of the leading Jewish groups were opposed to this march .
Back then they knew about the Holocaust but did n't want to lift a bloody finger to help .
House for living made of corks
HOUSE MADE OF WINE CORKS
Ok , if you look it far enough it looks like just another ordinary house but when you go closer and closer you realize that its made out of corks !
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
A young airline ticket agent who scandalized Saudi Arabia ’s ultraconservative society by bragging about his sexual prowess on television was sentenced today to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes .
Mazen Abdul - Jawad , 32 , who has been in jail awaiting trial since late July , was found guilty by a Saudi court of publicizing vice .
“ They said he said bad words on TV about relationships with women , ” Abdul - Jawad ’s lawyer , Suliman Al Jimaie , replied when asked to explain the criminal charge .
The attorney , who said he will appeal the verdict and sentencing , said his client denies making the controversial comments in a July 15 broadcast of “ Bold Red Line , ” a program on the satellite television channel Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation ( LBC ) .
In addition to claiming that his first sexual experience was with a neighbor at age 14 , Abdul - Jawad described how he picked up women by sending them messages on Bluetooth .
He also showed off his bedroom , about which he said : “ Everything happens in this room . ”
Jimaie charged that LBC heavily edited the taped interview and altered what Abdul - Jawad said through dubbing .
“ It ’s what you call a montage , ” Al Jimaie said .
“ They showed him not in a real way .
...
They changed his words . ”
In a country where dating is not allowed , premarital sex is a crime and men and women are strictly separated in almost every activity — from schools to sports to public libraries —
Abdul - Jawad ’s comments were seen as promoting sinful behavior and violating all norms of propriety .
Saudi judges are religious scholars who rule according to Islamic law , or Shariah law .
The father of four , who is separated from his wife , has been roundly denounced in the local press for his candid talk .
He ’s been called a “ sexual braggart ” and “ promoter of vice , ” even as his legal predicament is front page news .
More than 200 offended Saudis filed legal complaints against him , and some called for his execution .
One sheikh compared his actions to treason .
The episode illustrates the very puritanical public attitude towards sex in Saudi Arabia , where people may be open about their sex life in private but never speak about it publicly .
It is a reticence unfamiliar in the United States , where only last week late - night TV host David Letterman won a round of robust applause when he admitted having sexual affairs with women on his staff .
Letterman ’s admission came as he disclosed that he had been targeted in a blackmailing scheme .
Soon after Abdul - Jawad 's controversial interview aired , the Saudi government shut down LBC ’s two offices in Riyadh and Jeddah .
LBC has said from the beginning that it will not comment on the incident .
The satellite television channel is controlled by billionaire Saudi Prince Al Waleed bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz .
He is regarded as a liberalizing force in the kingdom , pushing for greater cultural freedoms for Saudi youth .
He was a sponsor , for example , of the Jeddah Film Festival scheduled for last July .
The Interior Ministry ordered it shut down at the last minute , with no explanation .
The prince , and other executives of satellite television stations , regularly come under fire from conservative sheikhs who criticize their program content , especially when it involves sex or male - female relationships .
Al Jimaie said today that the Ministry of Information has notified him that it will hold a hearing next month into whether LBC , and not Mazen , should be held responsible for the program .
He said the channel was ordered by the ministry to bring the original videotape of Abdul - Jawad ’s interview to the hearing .
The lawyer asserted that the producer and cameraman who did the interview , an Egyptian and a Lebanese , have fled the country with the tape .
The “ Bold Red Line ” is intentionally provocative in tackling society taboos .
Most of its interviews are done in Lebanon .
The episode featuring Abdul - Jawad is tame by American standards .
Sitting on a red bedspread in his bedroom , decorated with an American flag and a stuffed Mickey Mouse , the Saudi Airlines employee talks about how he loves to have sex and make his partner also feel pleasure .
He displays sex toys ( blurred out on screen ) and claims that “ five drops ” of a liquid he displays will increase a woman ’s desire to have sex .
He admits fantasizing about having sex in an airplane .
Some observers have criticized Malek Maktabi , the anchor of “ Bold Red Line , ” because he lived in Saudi Arabia many years and should have known that Abdul - Jawad ’s interview would put him at risk .
“ This channel makes this problem , ” said attorney Al Jimaie , adding that the interview was done about a year ago and that LBC had promised to allow Abdul - Jawad to approve the final cut .
He also said that LBC provided the sex toys and asked Abdul - Jawad to talk about them .
The show ’s producer told Abdul - Jawad that “ we want you to talk about sex so young people know ... talk about marriage , what ’s good and what ’s bad .
We need a person who ’s not ashamed to talk , ” Al Jimaie said .
In a tearful interview with Okaz newspaper before his arrest , Abdul - Jawad said that the program ’s producers had promised to blur out his face .
“ You ’ve no idea how upset the family was , particularly my brothers , relations and friends , some of whom were extremely angry with me and even thought I was drunk or that the people from the television channel had drugged me to make me talk in that awful way , ” he told the paper .
“ The worst part was when my son saw my picture in a newspaper and came to me with the paper in his hand crying .
He hugged me and said he was scared I would be put in prison . ”
Three other men who appeared in the television program , but said very little , today were each sentenced to two years in prison , Al Jimaie said .
Record numbers of young people are not in education , work or training , according to government figures released today .
With all this talk of a " lost generation " , I wanted to point out that it 's not just school drop - outs who lack motivation or skills that are struggling .
As I can testify , even the educated and focused ones among us are struggling to get a foot on the career ladder .
I recently completed an honours degree in architecture .
I handed in my final portfolio more than three months ago and have been actively seeking work ever since .
At the beginning of my second year , my tutors told us to concentrate not on getting a top grade , but on successfully completing the course .
The study was stressful with a heavy workload , but I loved every minute of it .
My final - year tutor was inspiring in her approach and style , and allowed me to think about architecture in a totally different way .
My hard work paid off and I graduated with a first - class degree in architecture from Brighton University earlier this year – as well as nearly £ 20,000 of debt .
During the last six months of my course , there was a lot of talk about how badly the job market was being affected by the recession and how it was going to be hard for us to find the assistant positions we needed to gain the experience required for part two of the training next year .
However , I was optimistic .
I believed that if I was pro-active , I would get one of the few places on offer .
I started sending out my CV in April – since then I have sent out countless copies to companies around the country .
I have scoured the internet and checked the papers daily .
No firms that I could find are advertising for architectural assistants so I have been cold - calling , trying to anticipate what I think they would want in an assistant should a position become available .
Although I have received positive feedback on my work and CV , there seem to be no vacancies .
I do n't live with my family so the rent and bills are piling up .
Getting a degree seems of little use at the moment – it's just a meaningless bit of writing on a piece of paper .
I was reluctant to apply for benefits as I believed I would find employment quickly but that has not been the case .
I have now applied for jobseeker 's allowance while I continue looking for work .
To make the situation even more frustrating a lot of the people on my course do have assistant jobs .
The key difference between them and me is that they have a family member who is an architect or contacts within the industry .
The few positions that are emerging during this period of economic doom and gloom never see the light of day – they are snapped up by or created for someone 's son or daughter , niece or nephew .
I wo n't become part of the " lost generation " .
I am confident that I will get an assistant position .
I am extremely motivated and excited about architecture and the prospect of gaining professional experience in a practice .
It 's just a matter of working out how to survive financially until I do so .
I do n't know what more I can do – I have studied hard , done well and been pro-active in my search for employment .
But unfortunately the current job market just highlights the fact that it's not what you know , it 's who you know .
Friend :
Do you remember this ?
When did you read that ?
Moskowitz : '' Old Man and the Sea ' ' ?
Two years ago .
. . .
Friend :
What did you think ?
Moskowitz : . . .
I liked it !
The vacuousness of the conclusions , after all the windup , is breathtaking .
The fact is Moskowitz has nothing whatever to say about the books he fondles in shot after lingering shot .
It 's not about the contents of the books .
It 's about their fetishization .
It is easy to fetishize things that we imagine are on their way out .
In the age of Comcast and America Online , books seem quaint , whimsical , imperiled and therefore virtuous .
We assume that reading requires a formidable intellect .
We forget that books were the television of previous years -- by which I mean they were the source of passive entertainment as well as occasional enlightenment , of social alienation as well as private joy , of idleness as well as inspiration .
Books were a mixed bag , and they still are .
Books could be used or misused , and they still can be .
Writers themselves carried on about their danger .
From Seneca in the first century to Montaigne in the 16th , Samuel Johnson in the 18th and William Hazlitt and Emerson in the 19th , writers have been at pains to remind their readers not to read too much .
'' Our minds are swamped by too much study , '' Montaigne wrote , '' just as plants are swamped by too much water or lamps by too much oil . ''
By filling yourself up with too much of other folks ' thought , you can lose the capacity and incentive to think for yourself .
We all know people who have read everything and have nothing to say .
We all know people who use a text the way others use Muzak : to stave off the silence of their minds .
These people may have a comic book in the bathroom , a newspaper on the breakfast table , a novel over lunch , a magazine in the dentist 's office , a biography on the kitchen counter , a political exposé in bed , a paperback on every surface of their home and a weekly in their back pocket lest they ever have an empty moment .
Some will be geniuses ; others will be simple text grazers : always nibbling , never digesting -- ever consuming , never creating .
'' You might as well ask the paralytic to leap from his chair and throw away his crutch , '' Hazlitt said , ''as expect the learned reader to throw down his book and think for himself .
He clings to it for his intellectual support ; and his dread of being left to himself is like the horror of a vacuum . ''
Such a one is comparable to a person addicted to talk shows or sitcoms or CNN ; no worse and no better , no dumber but no smarter either .
It is not because something comes between two covers that it is inherently superior to what passes on a screen or arrives on the airwaves .
William Norman Grigg
Lew Rockwell.com
Friday , Oct 2nd , 2009
The “ dream ” realized : The Two Rivers Detention Facility , the proudest achievement of Hardin , Montana ’s political class .
Sure , it ’s empty now , but I ’m sure those nice men in the black SUVs can do something about that ….
If you build it , they will come .
That would appear to be the business plan of an enigmatic California company called American Police Force ( APF ) , which appears to be effectively taking over the town of Hardin , Montana .
The “ it ” in question is a large jail facility outside Hardin , Montana , that was built several years ago but thus far remains unused .
“ They ” refers to prisoners to fill said jail – a 114,000 square foot , 464 - bed facility .
APF has yet to become firmly established in Hardin ( pop. 3,400 ) , but the company ’s representatives are confident “ the place [ meaning the jail ] would start filling up by 2010 . ”
At present , the firm is said to be doing “ market research , ” an ominous prospect , given that it ’s in the business of detention .
And it has even spoken about the possibility of expanding the jail within a few years .
Say , that is good news – at least for the people on APF ’s payroll .
Since last Thursday , when company personnel rolled into town in a convoy of black Mercedes SUVs embossed with seals advertising a non-existent “ City of Hardin Police Department , ” the company ’s payroll has increased by at least one , and possibly two , key local figures .
The first to be snapped up was Becky Shay , a former Billings Gazette reporter whose beat included the Hardin jail .
Within a day of APF ’s arrival , she was hired away from the paper to serve as a $ 60,000 - a- year spokesperson for the company ( a pretty hefty salary increase for a local reporter in Montana ) .
So quickly and slickly was this career change made that Shay ’s editor did n’t even know she had talked with APF about the position .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Also in “ discussions ” with APF is Kerri Smith , a finalist in Hardin ’s mayoral race and wife of Greg Smith , Executive Director of the Two Rivers Authority ( TRA ) .
The TRA is Hardin ’s economic development agency , which issued $ 27 million in bonds to build the jail as a public works project .
In what must be the most ill - conceived piece of civic boosterism ever to assault my senses , the TRA ’s webpage presents the Hardin jail – that ’s a structure intended to deprive people of their freedom , remember – as the poetic expression of a cherished dream :
A YouTube video proudly displays slides of the jail set to the unbearable strains of Russell Watson ’s wretched ballad “ Faith of the Heart ” ( the musical accompaniment is heard on the TRA ’s “ Detention Center ” webpage ) :
Yes , there ’s nothing quite like an effeminate power ballad to capture the pure aesthetic grace of a detention camp ringed by barbed wire .
Apparently , the “ long road ” to building that jail did n’t end in prosperity .
Since the finished jail has remained empty , the bonds have gone into default .
At one point , Hardin ’s city government indicated it would accept relocated detainees from Gitmo ; this prompted a legal battle between the city and the Montana state government .
Yeah , these guys look legit :
What could possibly go wrong here ?
Last March , APF was incorporated in California .
Shortly thereafter it began talks with Hardin city officials and the TRA .
City officials eventually announced an agreement with the mysterious firm that would bring in $ 2.6 million for use of the jail , in addition to an “ investment ” of $ 23 million to build a new training facility for military and police ( which are assumed to be part of one integrated coercive apparatus , of course ) on the same TRA - owned property .
The deal – which was publicly announced although the specifics were never publicly disclosed – is supposedly a cornucopia of civic benefits :
New computers for the schools ; a homeless shelter ; a fleet of Mercedes patrol cars for the envisioned city police force ; donations to the local food pantry ; an animal shelter ; gold - plated fixtures for the Mayor ’s executive washroom .
OK , I made that last one up .
I think .
TRA Executive Director Greg Smith , whose wife is in discussions for a position with APF , helped negotiate the deal .
Immediately after it was finished , he was put on “ administrative leave , ” and went to ground .
( Calls from Pro Libertate to Mr. Smith ’s number at the TRA were not returned . )
What appears to be happening here – and until relevant details are pried out of the prehensile grip of the people running things , we ca n’t know for sure – is nothing less than a corporatist - style military coup : the takeover of a small town in Montana by a politically connected , federally subsidized paramilitary organization .
At a press conference a few days ago , Becky Shay grandly announced that “ The decision is the name of the parent company will not be released . ”
Suspicions were immediately aroused that APF is a tentacle of the corporatist mercenary company formerly known as Blackwater , but now doing business under the odd name Xe ( pronounced “ Zee ” ) .
However , a press spokeswoman for Xe informed Pro Libertate that “ We have no connection to that company , and had never heard of it ” prior to recent developments in Montana .
Hardin may well be the first of many economically devastated communities to be given a lifeline by the burgeoning military - homeland security - prison - industrial complex .
Lifelines of that kind can quickly become nooses .
This article was posted : Friday , October 2 , 2009 at 4:58 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
At a speech in Colorado someone asked if I was concerned about some of the appointees to the Obama administration .
The questioner was referring obliquely to conservative dismay at Van Jones , special adviser for green jobs on the White House environmental council .
Apart from a flirtation with radicalism ( you have to hope it did not become a full , deep and continuing relationship ) , Jones , in February , thoughtfully attempted to capture the essence of the GOP in a speech in Berkeley , Calif .
" Republicans are — , " he explained .
We do n't print the word he used , but it refers to a body part involved in elimination .
He was speaking ...
Over the last decade web designers managed to come up with a plethora of useful techniques and design solutions that make today ’s web development process much more straightforward and simple .
Some techniques were simply applied to the Web , while others were developed from scratch , helping developers to use off - the - shelf - solutions to problems quicker and in a more elegant way .
However , finding little slick tricks to fix your site takes a tremendous amount of time , and that ’s not counting the time to implement them .
We have put together a list of resources for developers and designers , to save you time so you can have enough time to have some fun too .
Here we present 45 very useful development tools such as grids , image solutions , typography , iPhone tools , HTML 5 helpers , testing resources , WordPress tools and helpers , CSS code tools and other further useful tools , time savers and resources .
Enjoy this web development goodies bag !
Also consider our previous articles :
Fresh Web Development Goodies
Bag with 30 useful development tools to inspire you and make your life easier .
Typeface and Terminology
eXtreme Type Terminology
eXtreme Type Terminology is a five - part article that covers most anything you might have wanted to know about the evolution of type terminology .
CSS Web - Typography Matrix and code generator
CSS Web Typography Matrix and code generator is a matrix for calculation of font sizes and line spacing in em and px .
It ’s a very handy tool to utilize !
Differential Presentation of 40 Onscreen Typefaces
This article presents results from a study investigating the personality of typefaces .
40 typefaces ( from serif , sans serif , display , and handwriting classes ) were rated , using semantic differential scales .
Responses are shown by typeface class and individual typeface using scaled scores .
These results are helpful to practitioners when deciding which typeface to use for online text .
i Phone tools
jQTouch
jQTouch is a jQuery plugin for mobile web development on the iPhone , iPod Touch , and other forward - thinking devices .
iphonedebug
i Phonedebug is the iPhone Debug Console meant to give greater visibility and interactivity on your iPhone / iPod Touch while doing development .
This was created after the frustration of having to go through the “ include console.log statement then reload ” method of debugging .
It is similar to Firebug ’s fantastic console and debugger .
iUI : iPhone User Interface Framework
iUI : Framework for Safari development on iPhone iUI is a framework consisting of a JavaScript library , CSS , and images for developing iPhone webapps .
It makes WebApps look and feel like iPhone native Apps .
Pipho - PHP iPhone Optimized Image Gallery
Pipho reads photos from any directory , creates resized thumbnail and slide images , and combines it with the Jaipho javascript .
It also supports text files as descriptions for both gallery and slides .
Pipho requires PHP5 and is written in the Zend Framework , but does not requires any Zend class .
All PHP classes are stored in library folder .
i Phone 3G Stencil
i Phone 3G Stencil includes the standard interface components for the iPhone 3G : buttons , fields , map elements , keyboards , icons .
All components are on a transparent background and should re-size nicely .
Grids
GridFox – The Grid Layout Firefox Extension
GridFox is a Firefox extension that overlays a grid on any website .
If you can open it in Firefox , you can put a grid on top of it .
It ’s easy to customize , allowing you to create the exact grid you designed your layout around .
Layout grids for Axure and Pencil
These layout grids are designed for use with Axure RP Pro 5 and the Pencil extension for Firefox .
For Axure , this resource will help you layout prototype web pages using the 960 - grid system , having grids for 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 12 and 16 - column layouts as well as a thirds ( and a reverse - thirds ) grid .
The Pencil grids are for 12 and 16 - column layouts .
960 Gridder
960 Gridder is an excellent tool for any web developer / designer that wants to easily align , match and / or lay out websites .
Essentially , it is a bookmarklet that can be used to put an overlay on a given website .
Grid System Generator
This tool generates grid systems on the fly : supported are the frameworks 960.gs , Golden Grid , 1 kb grid and a plain simple grid system .
You can select the width of the layout , a number of columns as well as horizontal margins .
Blueprint Cheatsheet ( PDF )
Blueprint is a CSS framework , which aims to cut down on your development time .
It gives you a solid foundation to build your project on top of , with an easy - to - use grid , sensible typography , useful plugins , and even a stylesheet for printing .
This cheat sheet refers to the recently released version 0.8 of the Blueprint CSS framework .
Easy Image Solutions
ImageOptim
ImageOptim is a front - end ( GUI ) for set of tools for optimization of PNG / JPEG images and GIF animations .
Optimization makes files smaller by finding optimal compression parameters and by removing unnecessary information , like file comments , EXIF tags and color profiles .
It ’s excellent for publishing images on the web and also useful for making Mac and iPhone applications smaller .
Content Aware Image Resizing
This technique resizes images depending on the current browser window size , making the content more adaptive for various screen resolutions .
It is implemented with JavaScript : Drag the right border of the top image or use left ( and right ) arrow keys .
Then use the form to change settings .
This demo requires Firefox 3.5 at least .
CSS Sprite Generator
CSS Sprite Generator allows you to choose and upload the image files you want to use in your CSS Sprite and click “ Create CSS Sprite . ”
The application will join all your image files into a single file and will generate the corresponding CSS and HTML code along with the rollover effect if any chosen .
Horinaja
Horinaja is a ready - to - use slide - show implementation , utilizing either scriptaculous / prototype or jQuery .
When the mouse is outside of the slide - show area , it scrolls .
When hovering over the slide - show , the scrolling pauses .
It can automatically create slide indices ( pagination ) , if required .
To manually scroll , either click on the slide index links ( pagination ) or use your mouse wheel .
SpriteMe
Background images make pages look good , but also make them slower .
Each background image is an extra HTTP request .
There ’s a fix : combine background images into a CSS sprite .
But creating sprites is hard , requiring arcane knowledge and lots of trial and error .
SpriteMe removes the hassles with the click of a button .
HTML 5 Helpers
Google Chrome Frame
GoogleChrome
Frame is an early - stage open source plug - in that seamlessly brings Google Chrome ’s open web technologies and speedy JavaScript engine to Internet Explorer .
With Google Chrome Frame , you can :
Start using open web technologies – like the HTML 5 canvas tag – right away , even technologies that are n’t yet supported in Internet Explorer 6 , 7 , or 8 .
Take advantage of JavaScript performance improvements to make your apps faster and more responsive .
Modernizr
Modernizr is a small and simple JavaScript library that helps you take advantage of emerging web technologies ( CSS3 , HTML 5 ) while still maintaining a fine level of control over older browsers that may not yet support these new technologies .
Testing Resources
The myth of the page fold : evidence from user testing
As web professionals , we all know that the concept of the page fold being an impenetrable barrier for users is a myth .
Over the last 6 years and over 800 user testing sessions later , only 3 occasions did the page fold act as a barrier to users getting to the content they want .
This article breaks down the page fold myth and give some tips to ensure content below the fold gets seen .
Browsera
Browsera offers automated browser compatibility testing .
It can automatically detects cross - browser layout problems and scripting errors on your website .
Discover layout problems , test pages behind login , test dynamic pages , locate JavaScript errors , test your entire site .
ABtests
ABtests is setup to let you test your websites / applications and share that knowledge with others , making everyone smarter in the process .
Here are some things you can do at ABtests : View and learn from other people ’s test results ; Upload your own test results and share with colleagues or clients ; Follow ABtests on Twitter to get a firehose of A/B and multi-variate testing related information .
Browserscope
Browserscope is a community - driven project for profiling web browsers .
The goals are to foster innovation by tracking browser functionality and to be a resource for web developers .
Gathering test results from users “ in the wild ” is the most important and useful feature of Browserscope – and you can participate !
Try it and find out how your browser compares .
Effective A / B Testing
Say you ’ve created a new design which you feel is more effective but you ’d like to know for sure .
A/B testing is a simple idea .
Create two versions of something and put people through the different versions .
Track what they do afterwards and figure out which version causes more people to do what you want .
Go with the better version .
This slideshow will be both very informative as to why and how to effectively A/B test .
Even the S5 used for the slideshow is available for free download .
WordPress Tools & Helpers
WordPress Debug Theme
Sometimes you need to see what ’s wrong with a WordPress install , and you need to see it fast .
This shows you the important URL ’s , editor , and memory settings , etc .
On subpages it will show you something else : the page type , all the query vars that are set and the SQL query for that page .
When just doing a print_r or var_dump of $ wp_query is hard to read , but this theme tries to be a bit smarter about that .
This theme also works in the preview , so that might be enough in a lot of cases .
Web Design WordPress Template Tag Reference Guide
Do you need a WordPress Reference Guide ?
This content was reformatted for quick reference from the Template Tag section of the WordPress.org Codex , a relative encyclopedia to WordPress theming , and great reference for your WordPress questions .
List of all WordPress hooks
This is precisely what it claims to be , a list of all WordPress hooks .
That ’s right , currently a list of 989 WordPress hooks .
You can click a column name to sort , view a specific hook ’s version history and file locations , or find out the deprecated hooks so you do not use them .
Launching Freebie Images WordPress Plugin
Spice up your blog with professional , high quality , free stock photos and images .
With an amazingly simple Drag and Drop interface , blogging has never been this easy .
The Freebie Images Plugin gives you a micro format search interface inside your WordPress Admin where you can search for and add images to your blog post – free of charge .
The images are perfectly sized for blogs – between 300 px and 400 px width .
CSS and Code Tools
CSS -JS - Booster
CSS - JS - Booster is a PHP - script that tries to automate as many performance optimizing steps related to CSS and JS embedding as possible .
This is an easy to use PHP - Library that combines , optimizes , dataURI - fies , re-splits , compresses and caches your CSS and JS for quicker loading times .
xCSS
xCSS bases on CSS and empowers a straightforward and object - oriented workflow when developing complex style cascades .
Using xCSS means a dramatic cut down to your development time by : having a intuitive overview of the overall CSS structure , using variables , re-using existing style cascades and many other handy features .
But most frameworks are bulky and inflexible , are n’t they ?
Not xCSS !
It ’s lightweight and seamlessly integrates into any existing workflow .
Aside from that , the CSS overhead is getting reduced while your ( X ) HTML attributes remain semantic .
DBG
DBG is a a full - featured PHP debugger , an interactive tool that helps you debug PHP scripts .
It works on a production and / or development web server and allows you to debug your scripts locally or remotely , from an IDE or console .
CSS Browser Selector
CSS Browser Selector is a very small javascript with just one line which empower CSS selectors .
It gives you the ability to write specific CSS code for each operating system and each browser .
Detecting unused CSS selectors
Many selectors and classes come and go while developing and testing .
After a while , you will easily see style files that become untouchable : you do n’t know which classes or selectors are being used or not .
The same uncertainty creeps in when you maintain someone else ’s site .
There are several solutions out there about detecting unused classes and selectors , but here you can find the most popular .
Textmate : Re-Usable Command Basics
With Textmate , there are a whole host of available commands and bundles , but what if you need to extend existing ones or create your own ?
This covers some of the basics like using filter through command , re-using commands , adding simple UI elements which will help you get started .
Further Useful Tools , Time Savers & Resources
Quick Tip : Dynamically add an icon for external links
A common feature on Web 2.0 sites and wikis is the “ external link ” icon : external link .
This is a great candidate for using progressive enhancement .
By using just a little jQuery , you can easily add the images .
So , that ’s it .
Short and sweet , a quick tip , how - to and code to help you accomplish it fast .
XRAY
XRAY is the easiest way to look beneath the skin .
XRAY is a bookmarklet for Internet Explorer 6 + , and Webkit and Mozilla based browsers ( including Safari , Firefox , Camino or Mozilla ) .
Use it to see the box model for any element on any web page .
An AJAX Based Shopping Cart with PHP , CSS & jQuery
In this tutorial , you will learn to create a functional AJAX driven shopping cart .
You are free to download the code and modify it any way you wish .
You can build upon it and even turn it into a full - fledged online shop .
jsHub
jsHub simplifies connecting software services to websites .
Websites typically connect to many different software services – web analytics , audience measurement , optimization , and many more .
Each connection is made with a small piece of code called a ‘ tag ’ .
Some sites have 10 or more tags on a page , and each one adds to the time it takes for the page to load .
Each tag needs similar information to be written into the page , but in a slightly different format , and this can cause awkward inconsistencies .
jsHub is a suite of tools and a set of standards , that help you to make better websites .
Tagging does n’t have to be painful .
Kotatsu – a simple HTML table generator
When you need to create a table , here is a tool to help create a table and row in column classes quickly .
It ’s called Kotatsu .
i WebSkel
i WebSkel is the ultimate ready to use kit for website design .
It features only the latest version essential components to start developing quickly using XHTML , CSS , and Javascript .
Patterns for the Color Blind
About 8 % of the male population has some sort of color blindness .
The color blind have the inability to clearly distinguish different colors of the spectrum , they tend to see colors in a limited range of hues .
Because of this , the color blind have trouble with a lot of websites .
The patterns and examples on this site help you create websites the color blind can use without problems .
Ident Engine .
Without much conscious thought , most of us have built identities across the web .
We ’ve filled in profiles , uploaded photos , videos , reviews and bookmarks .
The Ident Engine uses semantic web API ’s to bring together these web footprints .
Beautiful Email Newsletters
Here you will find page after page of aesthetically pleasing newsletters .
Posted by Audiegrl
In The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder , Bugliosi presents a tight , meticulously researched legal case that puts George W. Bush on trial in an American courtroom for the murder of nearly 4,000 American soldiers fighting the war in Iraq .
Bugliosi sets forth the legal architecture and incontrovertible evidence that President Bush took this nation to war in Iraq under false pretenses — a war that has not only caused the deaths of American soldiers but also over 100,000 innocent Iraqi men , women , and children ; cost the United States over one trillion dollars thus far with no end in sight ; and alienated many American allies in the Western world .
As a prosecutor who is dedicated to seeking justice , Bugliosi , in his inimitable style , delivers a non-partisan argument , free from party lines and instead based upon hard facts and pure objectivity .
A searing indictment of the President and his administration , The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder also outlines a legally credible pathway to holding our highest government officials accountable for their actions , thereby creating a framework for future occupants of the oval office .
Vincent Bugliosi calls for the United States of America to return to the great nation it once was and can be again .
He believes the first step to achieving this goal is to bring those responsible for the war in Iraq to justice .
** Scheduled for release in February , 2010
A mentally ill British man could be executed in China within days after losing his appeal against the death sentence , a human rights charity said today .
Akmal Shaikh was arrested at Urumqi Airport in north - west China with 4 kg ( 8.8lb ) of heroin in a suitcase .
The 53 - year - old father of five from Kentish Town in North London is believed to have bi-polar disorder .
He was duped into carrying the luggage by a man from Kyrgyzstan who had told Mr Shaikh he could help him launch a career in the music industry .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Amnesty International is now urging people to visit http://www.amnesty.org.uk/deathpenalty and write urgently to the Chinese authorities , calling on the Supreme People 's Court to prevent the execution .
They are also urging the authorities to ensure Mr Shaikh has access to his family and any medical attention he may require , including psychiatric evaluation .
Up until now , the Chinese authorities have refused to allow him to be examined by a doctor .
Forensic psychologist Dr Peter Shaapveld , who travelled to China specifically to meet Mr Shaikh , was not allowed to see him .
After studying accounts by his family members , Dr Shaapveld concluded that " the evidence clearly points to the fact that Mr Shaikh was and / or is suffering from a severe mental disorder . "
Earlier this week , Gordon Brown and Foreign Secretary David Miliband raised the issue during a meeting with Dai Bingguo , the Chinese state councillor for foreign affairs .
The Foreign Office later issued a statement which said : " The Prime Minister was shocked and disturbed to discover that the death sentence imposed in China on British national Akmal Shaikh has been upheld , without proper consideration of his mental health . "
Actor Stephen
Fry has also called for the death sentence to be commuted .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" I would n't be standing here pleading clemency for someone if I did n't think there was a real case for mercy , " said Mr Fry last week .
" A real case where China can demonstrate that it does understand that mental illness can provoke people into doing things that are otherwise intolerable . "
He added : " Akmal is a very delusional figure .
He has a history of quite extraordinary and perplexing behaviour , mixing grandiosity and mental delusion in a very characteristic way for those who are severely affected by bipolar disorder .
" It 's an affliction I suffer from myself to some extent - not , I 'm happy to say , as severely as Akmal - but all through my life I 've been to some extent dogged by mood swings . "
Mr Shaikh was detained at the airport in Urumqi , capital of China 's Xinjiang region , on September 12 , 2007 , when he arrived on a flight from Tajikistan .
He was accused of carrying 4 kg of heroin in his luggage .
It is believed Mr Shaikh had been tricked by a criminal gang in Poland , where he had been living .
Gang members had promised to introduce him to people in the music business , who would assist him with his music career , and arranged for him to travel to Kyrgyzstan and then to China .
Mr Shaikh had been asked to carry the luggage that contained the heroin , believing that he was going to be able to launch a career as a pop star .
Amnesty International UK campaigns director Tim Hancock said : " Akmal Shaikh should not be executed .
There 's evidence that he may have a serious mental disorder , which could warrant a less extreme sentence under Chinese law .
" The Chinese authorities should allow a psychiatric evaluation immediately .
" China 's Supreme People 's Court has it in their power to stop this execution .
We 're calling on people to write to them immediately , urging them to intervene .
" The death penalty is always wrong , the ultimate cruel and inhuman punishment .
But in countries like China , where the prisoner is highly unlikely to have received a fair trial , its use is even more deplorable . "
Great Columbus Day news from GayPolitics.com …
May 22nd will now be known as Harvey Milk Day in California .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger last night apparently signed a second bill passed by the state legislature to recognize the slain San Francisco Supervisor .
The first attempt to establish the day of significance was vetoed by Schwarzenegger , who at the time said it was more appropriate to honor Milk locally where he had the most impact .
Since then the Oscar - winning movie “ Milk , ” a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom and his induction into the California Hall of Fame has elevated Harvey Milk ’s status as a civil rights icon .
The signing has been confirmed by the Sacramento Bee .
The haters over at SaveCalifornia.com who have been lobbying hard against the law are none - to - pleased , releasing the following in a news release this morning :
“ Harvey Milk was a sexual predator of teens , an advocate of polygamous relationships , a public liar , and is in no way a good role model for impressionable schoolchildren , ” said Randy Thomasson , president of SaveCalifornia.com .
“ Sadly , children in public schools will now have even more in - your - face , homosexual - bisexual - transsexual indoctrination .
This provides the strongest impetus yet for loving parents to remove their children from anti-family public schools . ”
“ ’ Harvey Milk Day ’ teaches children as young as five years old to admire the life and values and the notorious homosexual activist Harvey Milk ” said Thomasson .
“ The ‘ suitable commemorative exercises ’ that are part of ‘ Harvey Milk Day ’ can easily result in cross - dressing exercises , ‘ LGBT pride ’ parades and mock gay weddings on school campuses — everything Harvey Milk supported . ”
Schwarzenegger also signed a bill that would recognize gay marriages performed in states where it is legal .
Take that Prop 8 supporters !
Post by ILO on 10/12/09 at 8:46 am
Just when you think that things cannot get any worse , they do .
For the past few months , a lot of decent MPs have been close to despair .
They have not only seen their own reputations trashed .
The same has happened to the reputation of the Commons itself , and that is bad for the country .
Parliament may be imperfect – human institutions generally are – but it is one of the coral reefs of British history .
Anyone who wants to understand our constitutional evolution , to understand why we have been such a successful country , should begin their enquiries in Westminster .
Start out with a critical intelligence , by all means , but also come prepared to revere .
Parliament does not deserve to be held in contempt .
Yet it is , which is why a lot of good MPs are oscillating between anger and guilt .
Anger at the unfairness of it all : guilt , that it has happened on their watch .
Everyone knew that the expenses system had dubious aspects and everyone knew why : the reluctance of successive governments of all parties to face the bad publicity that would arise from a sensible pay deal .
In compensation , expenses were increased and there was widespread nodding and winking .
No one gripped the expenses question ; let sleeping tabloids lie .
Now , no one knows how to make the hounds of humbug return to their kennels .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Indeed , there is a tacit coalition between the baying right and the rabid left .
Some right - wingers argue that MPs should be badly paid , because they should have made money before going into Parliament .
Some lefties believe that they should be badly paid to give them experience of poverty .
No one except Patrick Cormack seems prepared to make the common - sense point : that MPs ought to have a certain status and be paid accordingly .
These days , Sir Patrick finds it hard to command a hearing and the voters who dismiss his arguments know what status MPs deserve : pariah status .
The widespread refusal even to listen to MPs contrasts with the deification of retired civil servants .
Sir Thomas Legg and Sir Christopher Kelly are both able men .
But neither is infallible ; the Legg findings contain factual errors .
One assumes that neither man would be vain enough to claim that his judgements could not be questioned .
Yet they are being treated with a reverence which Kim Jong Il might find excessive .
It is easy to understand why Messrs Brown and Cameron are behaving in this way .
Neither sees any point in fighting a losing battle with public opinion .
Brushing aside the fairness issues , both of them just want the problem to go away .
In this , Mr Cameron 's Eton education is relevant .
In that worldly , tough - minded and realistic institution , boys learn that life is unfair .
But fairness is another British coral reef .
Someone ought to stand up for it , and begin by insisting that retrospective legislation is wrong .
It is true that the Treasury has been known to disregard that principle and to make certain tax legislation retrospective , but complex disputes between tax accountants and the Inland Revenue should not become a precedent in less rarefied matters .
If MPs made an honest claim for allowances that were acceptable under the old system , it would be unfair to reclaim them now , even from Gordon Brown .
Sir Thomas has a puritanical attitude to gardening and cleaning .
He seems to believe that left to themselves , MPs would employ half of Poland in the house and Capability Brown in the garden .
But the figures which he considers appropriate were not in force when Mr Brown submitted his cleaning bills .
Although the Legg limits may well be enforced from now on , they should not be retroactive .
Even Culpability Brown is entitled to fairness .
If the leaks are to be believed , Sir Christopher will recommend that MPs should no longer be allowed to employ their wives as their secretaries .
That would be petty and silly .
Like diplomats ' wives and army officers ' wives , MPs ' spouses already do a great deal of unpaid work .
It often makes sense to formalise the arrangement .
An MP's wife will know the constituency and its personalities .
If she were his secretary , she would start with advantages which a new girl would take months to acquire , and there is a further problem with new girls .
Their role can develop .
Perhaps Sir Christopher has already thought of this , so that his report will also consider the employment of mistresses .
Disraeli once arrived home from the Commons to find that his wife had waited up for him with a game pie and a bottle of champagne .
He found the appropriate compliment : " My Dear , you are more like a mistress than a wife " .
Many a Commons wife has wondered how to exercise a mistress 's allurements , especially when she is stuck in the patch , long miles from Westminster .
Working as her husband 's secretary should guarantee political companionship and constant involvement , thus ensuring that their lives march in step .
Moreover , any MP without an efficient secretary is a foolish fellow .
The ensuing office chaos is likely to communicate itself to the electors .
That brings us to a conclusive point .
MPs should not be treated as if they were Bob Cratchit being interrogated by Scrooge about a three - farthings ' discrepancy in the petty - cash book .
There have to be rules , more explicit than in the past .
There has to be transparency .
Thereafter , MPs should be trusted .
It is probable that the two civil service knights cannot help thinking in terms of Whitehall hierarchies , in which office furnishings are determined by rank and improve with promotion .
It is true that many of today 's MPs also think in terms of promotion and that the knights of the shire have been replaced by the esquires of the suburbs .
But if Parliament is to function properly , MPs must recover their independence of spirit .
Although they will always be accountable , the real terms of their employment should not be determined by their salaries and expenses , let alone by the Civil Service handbook .
Those terms are a matter between them and their constituents .
This raises longer - term questions , such as the loss of MPs ' independence to their Whips ' offices and the loss of Westminster 's independence to Brussels .
Both of those are far more serious than the current trumpery nonsense about expenses .
Nothing can be done about them until MPs regain something which should be precious to us all : their institutional self - confidence .
b.anderson@independent.co.uk
Aujourd ’hui 29 Octobre , la toute dernière mouture d’Ubuntu , la 9.10 , et qui a pour nom Karmic Koala , est sortie !
Et ce n’est pas une blague , on le voit dans l’espace de téléchargement indiqué plus bas .
J’avais fait un test de cette distribution Ubuntu 9.10 Beta pour ceux qui ne l’aurait pas vu 😉
Cette nouvelle version apporte son lot de nouveautés :
Firefox 3.5
OpenOffice 3.1
Ext4 est le système de fichier par défaut
Grub 2 en tant que chargeur de démarrage
Nouvelle interface d’Ubuntu Software Center bien mieux pensée
Software Center bien mieux pensée Noyau 2.6.31
Support d’USB 3.0
Gnome 2.28
KDE 4.3
Fonctionnalité de Could Computing
…
Pour avoir une liste plus complète des nouveautés allez sur Ubuntu-FR
A noter que la prochaine version d’Ubuntu , la 10.04 est déjà en cours de développement et aura pour nom de code : Lucid Lynx est qui aura un support LTS ( Long Term Support ) c’est à dire , 5 ans de mises à jour de sécurité garanti .
Liens Utiles :
Site Officiel d’Ubuntu
Téléchargement d’Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala
People are shown using computers in this file photo .
Tens of millions of U.S. computers are loaded with scam security software that their owners may have paid for but which only makes the machines more vulnerable , according to a new Symantec report on cybercrime .
REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
Tens of millions of U.S. computers are loaded with scam security software that their owners may have paid for but which only makes the machines more vulnerable , according to a new Symantec report on cybercrime .
Cyberthieves are increasingly planting fake security alerts that pop up when computer users access a legitimate website .
The “ alert ” warns them of a virus and offers security software , sometimes for free and sometimes for a fee .
“ Lots of times , in fact they ’re a conduit for attackers to take over your machine , ” said Vincent Weafer , Symantec ’s vice president for security response .
“ They ’ll take your credit card information , any personal information you ’ve entered there and they ’ve got your machine , ” he said , referring to some rogue software ’s ability to rope a users ’ machine into a botnet , a network of machines taken over to send spam or worse .
Symantec found 250 varieties of scam security software with legitimate sounding names like Antivirus 2010 and SpywareGuard 2008 , and about 43 million attempted downloads in one year but did not know how many of the attempted downloads succeeded , said Weafer .
“ In terms of the number of people who potentially have this in their machines , it ’s tens of millions , ” Weafer said .
It was also impossible to tell how much cyberthieves made off with but “ affiliates ” acting as middlemen to convince people to download the software were believed to earn between 1 cent per download and 55 cents .
TrafficConverter.biz , which has been shut down , had boasted that its top affiliates earned as much as $ 332,000 a month for selling scam security software , according to Weafer .
“ What surprised us was how much these guys had tied into the whole affiliated model , ” Weafer said .
“ It was more refined than we anticipated . ”
By By Bob Ewing Oct 20 , 2009 in World Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov has plans to use the Air Force to blast clouds from the sky this winter to save money on snow removal .
The Moscow Times Adrei Tsybin , head of City Hall ’s department for public works and utilities , said during a press conference Moscow is ready to spend about 180 million rubles to disperse clouds “ in the event of very big and serious snowfall . ”
Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov supports battling clouds by spraying liquid nitrogen , silver , or cement particles into the cloud mass .
This forces precipitation to fall before it can reach the capital .
In September the Mayor put forward the idea of using the technology to fight the snow drifts that snarl traffic every winter .
“ What if we force this snow to fall beyond Moscow ?
The Moscow region will have more water , bigger harvests , while we will have less snow , ” he said at an award ceremony for Moscow ’s best - kept yard .
The use of the Air Force is three times cheaper than conventional snow removal methods and the proposal was quickly approved .
The Times reports a spokesman for the public utilities department was not able to explain how a “ big and serious snowfall ” would be identified or be deemed worthy of deploying the Air Force .
“ The mayor has said it will only be a couple of times per winter , ” he said .
Not everyone thinks the Mayor has a sound plan .
Some regional officials have been critical of his ideas .
Pavel Lykov , who works in the region ’s public utilities and transport department , told the Izvestia newspaper , “ When they prevent clouds in Moscow in the summer , the cucumbers turn yellow . …
The question is : is it safe ? ”
Areas surrounding Moscow are less than happy as they will need to cope with the extra snow .
The Moscow Times reports the plan will save the city about 300 million rubles ( $ 10.2 million ) .
Adrei Tsybin , head of City Hall ’s department for public works and utilities , said during a press conference Moscow is ready to spend about 180 million rubles to disperse clouds “ in the event of very big and serious snowfall . ” Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov supports battling clouds by spraying liquid nitrogen , silver , or cement particles into the cloud mass .
This forces precipitation to fall before it can reach the capital .
In September the Mayor put forward the idea of using the technology to fight the snow drifts that snarl traffic every winter .
“ What if we force this snow to fall beyond Moscow ?
The Moscow region will have more water , bigger harvests , while we will have less snow , ” he said at an award ceremony for Moscow ’s best - kept yard .
The use of the Air Force is three times cheaper than conventional snow removal methods and the proposal was quickly approved .
The Times reports a spokesman for the public utilities department was not able to explain how a “ big and serious snowfall ” would be identified or be deemed worthy of deploying the Air Force .
“ The mayor has said it will only be a couple of times per winter , ” he said .
Not everyone thinks the Mayor has a sound plan .
Some regional officials have been critical of his ideas .
Pavel Lykov , who works in the region ’s public utilities and transport department , told the Izvestia newspaper , “ When they prevent clouds in Moscow in the summer , the cucumbers turn yellow . …
The question is : is it safe ? ” More about Snow , Moscow , Air force More news from snow moscow air force
Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) called an emergency meeting of her caucus Friday morning to declare that she has not abandoned the push for including that provision in a healthcare bill .
The Speaker met late Thursday night with the Progressive Caucus , the bloc of Democrats most supportive of a robust public option , and assured them that it was still on the table , according to a member in attendance .
ADVERTISEMENT
And according to attendees , Pelosi reiterated that pledge to the larger caucus at Friday 's morning meeting .
The Hill reported Thursday night that a survey of Democrats shows Pelosi and her leadership team are a handful of votes short of the 218 they need to guarantee passage of a healthcare bill containing the public option favored by liberals .
That public option would be tied to current Medicare rates for hospitals and " Medicare plus 5 percent ” for doctors .
The results of the survey set off rumors that Pelosi was planning to admit defeat on a goal she has consistently guaranteed would be met .
At Friday ’s caucus meeting , leaders took a roll call of those members in attendance — 196 of the 256 House Democrats — on a single question :
Do you support a robust public option ?
A member supportive of a robust public option said there was “ overwhelming support ” for a “ Medicare plus 5 percent ” public option among those members in attendance .
But this member also said that the votes of as many as 50 of the 60 absent members could still be up in the air .
If all Republicans vote no on the healthcare bill , Pelosi can lose no more than 38 votes from within her caucus on any eventual healthcare bill .
In speaking with reporters later , Pelosi had a difficult time admitting that her caucus was not prepared to accept a " robust public option " in the Democratic bill .
Despite the " congenial , " " lively " and " friendly " caucus meeting Friday morning , Pelosi told reporters that " the answer is no -- no decision on that has been made . "
Reporters peppered the speaker and Majority Whip Jim Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) with questions on the failure to twist enough arms in favor of a robust option at a press conference with Rep. Ron Klein ( D - Fla. ) on a provision to close the Medicare " donut hole . "
Pelosi said unequivocally , however , that " at the end of the day we will have a public option in our legislation . "
Clyburn explained that the leaders had been shopping four different versions of a government - run plan around to the Democratic caucus but have yet to determine which to include .
“ We are still in the process of determining which public option suits the majority of our caucus , ” Clyburn said .
Mike Soraghan contributed to this article .
This story was updated at 1 p.m .
By providing your email address above , you are confirming that you are happy for Send a Cow to contact you by email .
We will use your email to let you know about news , events , fundraising and appeals .
We will never sell or trade your details .
Read more about how we value your privacy .
You can unsubscribe at any time by emailing info@sendacow.org or by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email we send .
Full 2010
Tour de France schedule Contador , who won this year 's race , approves the 2010 route
The Tour de France celebrates 100 years since it first ventured into the Pyrenees mountains by including several legendary climbs in the 2010 race .
The Col du Tourmalet will be ridden twice in both directions as the race spends four days in the Bearn region which separates France from Spain .
The race starts in Dutch city Rotterdam with a nine kilometre prologue time trial on Saturday , 3 July .
The following day , the riders leave Rotterdam for Belgian capital Brussels .
Stage four sees the race enter France for the first time , before the course takes the riders on a clockwise ride round the country .
The opening week is traditionally geared towards the sprinters with relatively flat stages and riders such as Britain 's Mark Cavendish , who won six stages on this year 's Tour , could benefit .
606 : DEBATE
What do you make of the route ?
BBC Sport 's Peter Scrivener However , seven - time Tour winner Lance Armstrong , who is expected to ride for his new team Radio Shack , warned that the opening stages could be fraught with problems .
" It will be a difficult first week in the Netherlands and Belgium with crosswinds and then we hit the cobbles when we get into France , " he said .
" It will be nerve - wracking start as you need to be up near the front going over the cobbles because there are lots of crashes . "
This year 's Tour winner , Spain 's Alberto Contador , echoed his American rivals comments , saying : " I 'm not the best on cobbles , but I should n't lose too much time .
I just have to avoid any crashes and hope it does n't rain . "
From stage seven onwards , the race heads for the Jura mountains of eastern France , before going into the Alps and a punishing climb to the summit of Avoriaz .
Following a rest day , the race meanders through south - east France before hitting the Pyrenees in some style .
Tour director Christian Prudhomme said : " In 1910 the Tour witnessed a revolution and invented mountains .
" We had the first climb of over 2,000 m up Col du Tourmalet that had bears roaming on the mountains . "
Tourmalet features twice in the race , during stages 16 and 17 .
On stage 16 , the riders must negotiate the legendary quartet of Col de Peyresourde , Col d'Aspin , Col du Tourmalet and Col d'Aubisque on a 196 km ride from Bagneres - du - Luchon to Pau .
A rest day follows before the riders attack Tourmalet again in the opposite direction , with the stage finishing at the summit .
Contador added : " This is a tour for climbers .
It looks harder than last year , but I like the profile . "
Contador , who won this year 's race , approves the 2010 route
Armstrong was also in favour of the schedule which sees six of the 21 stages in the mountains , with four other medium mountain stages and three summit finishes .
" The summit finish ( at Tourmalet ) near the end of the race keeps everyone guessing as to who is going to win and keeps the riders sharp , " he said .
" The Tour obviously liked it from last year ( when Mont Ventoux was the penultimate stage ) .
" It is interesting to do Tourmalet twice , but it is an important and historical climb . "
A 51 km individual time trial from Bordeaux to Pauillac precedes the traditional finish , on 25 July , on the Champs - Elysees in the French capital Paris .
2010 Tour de France schedule :
3 July : Prologue - Rotterdam , 8 kms ( 5 miles )
4 July : Stage One - Rotterdam - Brussels , 224 km ( 139 miles )
5 July : Stage Two - Brussels - Spa , 192 km ( 119 miles )
6 July : Stage Three - Wanze - Arenberg Porte du Hainaut , 207 km ( 129 miles )
7 July : Stage Four - Cambrai - Reims , 150 km ( 93 miles )
8 July : Stage Five - Epernay - Montargis , 185 km ( 115 miles )
9 July : Stage Six - Montargis - Gueugnon , 225 km ( 140 miles )
10 July : Stage Seven - Tournus - Station des Rousses , 161 km ( 100 miles )
11 July : Stage Eight - Station des Rousses - Morzine Avoriaz , 189 km ( 117 miles )
12 July : Rest day in Morzine Avoriaz
13 July : Stage Nine - Morzine Avoriaz - Saint - Jean - de- Maurienne , 204 km ( 127 miles )
14 July : Stage 10 - Chambery - Gap , 179 kilometers ( 111 miles )
15 July : Stage 11 - Sisteron - Bourg les Valence , 180 km ( 112 miles )
16 July : Stage 12 - Bourg de Peage - Mende , 210 km ( 130 miles )
17 July : Stage 13 - Rodez - Revel , 195 km ( 121 miles )
18 July : Stage 14 - Revel - Ax 3 Domaines , 184 km ( 114 miles )
19 July : Stage 15 - Pamiers - Bagnes de Luchon , 187 km ( 116 miles )
20 July : Stage 16 - Bagneres de Luchon - Pau , 196 km ( 122 miles )
21 July : Rest day in Pau
22 July : Stage 17 - Pau - Col du Tourmalet , 174 km ( 108 miles )
23 July : Stage 18 - Salies de Bearn - Bordeaux , 190 km ( 118 miles )
24 July : Stage 19 - Bordeaux - Pauillac , individual time trial , 51 km ( 32 miles )
25 July : Stage 20 - Longjumeau - Paris Champs Elysees , 105 km ( 65 miles )
Total : 3,596 km ( 2,234.55 miles )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Con el comienzo de un nuevo mes se renueva el cupo de USD 200 para compras con destino a atesoramiento , aunque con renovadas trabas y la nueva ...
Con el comienzo de un nuevo mes se renueva el cupo de USD 200 para compras con destino a atesoramiento , aunque con renovadas trabas y la nueva ...
La cotización paralela de la moneda norteamericana subió dos pesos y trepó hasta los $ 146 .
El contado con liquidación escaló hasta los $ 147 .
La cotización paralela de la moneda norteamericana subió dos pesos y trepó hasta los $ 146 .
El contado con liquidación escaló hasta los $ 147 .
Para conocer o chequear la situación laboral o previsional , hoy es necesario ingresar a la página del organismo con una clave personal Fuente : Archivo .
Para conocer o chequear la situación laboral o previsional , hoy es necesario ingresar a la página del organismo con una clave personal Fuente : Archivo .
Es contra entrega de billetes físicos .
Dio un salto luego de las mayores restricciones a la compra de los u$s200 .
Supera en 291 pesos al blue .
The Department of Defense has identified 862 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the death of the following American on Sunday :
WESTBROOK , Kenneth W. , 41 , Sgt. First Class , Army ; Shiprock , N.M. ; First Infantry Division .
It was late 2006 .
Valley residents breathed a collective sigh of relief after suspects in the " Serial Shooter " and " Baseline Rapist " crimes , two of the most terrifying serial criminal dramas in memory , were in police custody .
The arrests would usher in a period of sharp decline in homicides , at least in most places around the Valley .
But by New Year 's Day 2007 , a new upsurge in violence would erupt in south Phoenix .
Gang wars were flaring up over control of the drug trade , occasionally over turf and sometimes over nothing more than a menacing look , a simple act of " disrespect . "
A few neighborhoods were turned into bloody war zones over night .
Weekend parties became battlegrounds .
Casualties mounted .
� �On May 22 , five days after an initial " Stop the Violence " community meeting was held at Bethune Elementary School , 14 - year - old Jimmy Torres was gunned down in the 1300 block of West Cocopah .
It was a case of mistaken identity in a back - and - forth battle between feuding Hispanic and Black gangs both asserting their control the area 's turf and drug trade .
��Three months before that killing , over a two - day period , these same two gangs hit each other in a series of brazen shootings , one a homicide where the victim , Calvin Ross , was loaded onto the bed of a pickup truck driving away from the scene , then fell off the truck onto the street .
A walk - by retaliatory shooting at a house in the 1400 block of South 14th Avenue followed that .
The house was peppered by gunfire .
�� One night in the summer of 2007 , two south - side gang members were fired upon while visiting their aunt 's home in a rival neighborhood .
Everyone knew the story would n't end there .
Twenty hours later , expecting retaliation , the rival gang set up a military - style ambush in the South Vistas neighborhood .
Young men with guns waited in two abandoned houses on South 13th Place .
Lookouts with cellphones sounded the alert as a car with four rival gang members approached .
Shooters blasted away from the side and the back , wounding all four occupants .
It was n't over .
�� Last fall , a victim in the South 13th Place shooting was arrested in the killing of two young men : Regis Jones - Smith , once nominated for " Boy of the Year " at his neighborhood Boys & Girls Club , and cousin Kenny Richardson .
��In the early - morning hours of June 17 , in two separate shootings within two miles and two hours of each other , three people were shot and one died in the 1600 block of West Chipman and the 900 block of West Pima .
A total of 200 rounds were fired between the two incidents .
Eight weapons were confiscated , including an AK - 47 rifle , 9 mm and .22 - caliber pistols , and several shotguns .
� �A few miles south of 7 - 11 , two other gangs , affiliated with rival Bloods and Crips , spawned a messy guerrilla war between two neighborhoods , Lindo Park and the South Vistas .
��On July 31 , 2007 , Andrea Mitchell was shot while in a car with her boyfriend in the same general neighborhood .
Wrong place , wrong time for the young woman .
In trying to make the escape , Mitchell 's body was dumped on East Southern Avenue , where a memorial still stands .
" Is this ever going to stop ? " Gloria Cravens , a Maricopa County juvenile - intensive probation officer , poignantly asked in another case of street violence involving youths and gangs .
The reply came , cold and resigned : " Nope . "
Fast - forward to 2008
At a community meeting in June , police Lt. Mike Kurtenbach of the Phoenix South Mountain Precinct spoke with an unmistakable tone of satisfaction .
" Last year at this time , these officers you see today could n't be at a community celebration like this , " Kurtenbach told residents of the Alta Vista Community Center who were mixing easily with police officers .
" They were too busy responding to crime scenes . "
South Phoenix enjoyed a well - earned , quiet summer this year , the product of a series of sweeping police crackdowns and an unprecedented city - sponsored community initiative in four targeted areas .
" I feel good about what 's not happening in the neighborhood , " Betty Smith commented about the drop in gun violence .
" I see more police patrols late at night , and that 's a good thing . "
Smith had lost two family members to the violence , including Regis Jones - Smith .
She is especially proud that Regis ' younger brother decided to go to college , turning his back on street revenge .
Still , it was an uneasy feeling this summer .
Everybody - residents , gang members and police - knew the current peace could change at anytime .
" Anytime " came early Wednesday , when 16 - year - old Melissa Vigil was shot to death .
She was a passenger in a truck that was fired upon by at least two men at 12:45 a.m. in the 5600 block of South Vista Grande .
Police canvassed the neighborhood , looking for motive , leads and suspects , while Kurtenbach set up another community meeting , this time at First New Life Missionary Baptist Church , to speak with residents .
" Violence , sadly , happens , but it 's incumbent for the community to get involved and send a message that crime wo n't be tolerated , " he said .
Street violence is not uncommon in south Phoenix .
It has been that way since she could remember , Kerry Meador , a 30 - year resident , said at Thursday 's meeting .
" We hear gunshots every night , " said resident Glenda Banker , echoing that sentiment .
What is so striking , to the outsider at least , is how many of these kids know each other .
They played together in Pop Warner football and at the local Boys & Girls club .
Some went to elementary school together .
Young men and women in the Vistas neighborhood have relatives in Lindo Park , and vice - versa .
Yet they shoot and kill each other .
For teenagers here , gang violence has produced a generation of funeralgoers , just like their older brothers and sisters in the mid-1990s .
" I do n't want to be the next victim , " said Jason , an Arizona State University student who lives in south Phoenix but did not want his real name to be used for fear of gangs .
At 21 , he estimates he already has attended perhaps 10 funerals .
A few young people are bravely speaking out .
Kyra Johnson , a South Mountain High School graduate and now a community - college student , wrote a column in her high - school magazine last spring , pleading for an end to the violence .
She listed victims she knew personally : Terrence Patterson , Regis Jones - Smith , her cousin Raegan Pride , Corey Washington , Raymond Stewart , Damon Brown .
" They 're dead !
All victims who have been killed by gang violence , " Johnson wrote .
" Yet another shooting has occurred , because of teenagers and young adults ' claiming sets , ' staking out a neighborhood for Bloods , Crips , Gangsters or some other gang . "
City response
Even as 2008 opened with more retaliatory shootings , the Phoenix police had responded with multiagency crime - suppression initiatives and investigations .
Several operations focused on the 7 - 11 Fight Back neighborhood ( named 7 - 11 for its rough street boundaries ) .
In all , 1,146 arrests were made , including 132 linked to gangs , and 119 weapons seized in the South Mountain Precinct .
Gangs clearly were put on the defensive .
The question was :
For how long ?
The 7 - 11 Fight Back neighborhood , after all , was the scene of a similar crackdown 10 years ago .
Several of the officers involved in recent operations had participated in " Buckeye Blues . "
And although that effort generated indictments and favorable headlines , police leaders acknowledge it had little lasting effect .
" We did not do a good job working with the community , " said Cmdr. Dave Faulkner of the South Mountain Precinct .
" ( But ) we have stayed in these four neighborhoods , and we will stay .
We 've already seen changes in 7 - 11 . "
This time , police , city officials , community and religious leaders are determined to make a more long - lasting difference in the neighborhood , which for decades has been among the poorest and most crime - infested census tracks in all Arizona .
" I see drug addicts dancing on the street right in front of the school .
But for those Hispanic and Black kids , it 's normal .
They see it every day , " said Alfredo Lopez , 45 , a recovering addict who set out as a one - man midnight bike patrol checking for criminal activity .
Police were the most visible part of a comprehensive " neighborhood - renewal task force , " trying to solidify public - safety gains , fortify the residents with crime - fighting , neighborhood improvement and community - building strategies .
But non-profit educational , social - service and recreational agencies also were enlisted into the task force .
Recently , the much - heralded " Open Table " program , based at Paradise Valley United Methodist Church , has been reaching into and " adopting " south - side churches .
Meanwhile , the city 's Department of Neighborhood Services identified code- enforcement violations and boarded up the abandoned , foreclosed - on housing units that often invite gang takeovers .
The initial community meeting at Bethune School has been followed by other meetings , resident - run marches , graffiti sweeps , weekend parties and fairs , neighborhood cleanups , door - to - door surveys and a one - day , buy - back program for guns .
" This area has the greatest opportunity for change , " Lt. Kurtenbach has said .
" This is a community willing to partner with the police . "
It is there that residents , especially the pastors , are most appreciative of the change .
" The police have done a superior job in cleaning up this area , " said the Rev. Oscar Tillman , whose New Home Baptist Church members can now attend night meetings and prayer services .
Tillman , who doubles as president of the county branch for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , says police communications are so strong , he has Faulkner and Cmdr. Kurtenbach " on speed dial . "
This year , violence levels have plunged , aided by a well - publicized crime - prevention campaign in June and the deployment of 22 south - side school - resource officers into curfew teams with specific assignments of breaking up volatile house parties .
An uphill fight
But as welcome as the improving crime statistics are , one summer does not win a war .
" As to the question about how you break up the multigenerational cycle of gang violence , I do n't have an answer to that , " said Lt. Charlie Consolian , who heads the gang - enforcement unit .
Consolian , like practically every member of the Phoenix Police Department 's brass , insists that " we can't police our way out of this , " and that , ultimately , strong families and community organizations have to provide direction , motivation and positive options for youths in troubled neighborhoods .
Incarceration and confinement in prisons and juvenile facilities offer temporary relief .
But , sooner or later , inmates return to the 'hood .
And when they do , it is back to familiar faces and the mean streets where they got into trouble in the first place .
The cycle continues
" We 're arresting grandsons , cousins and brothers of guys we arrested back then , " Consolian said .
A few miles east , in the Vistas , a different dynamic plays out .
The neighborhood , east of South Mountain High School , has a long history as home to multiple generations of Black families , plus a huge influx of Spanish - speaking newcomers and the sudden arrival of new planned developments for multi-ethnic young families organized around homeowner associations conscious of property values .
African - American residents can only wave " hola " to their new neighbors , many of whom are from Mexico .
" We do n't have a Block Watch because of the language problem and the gang infiltration , " an elderly Black woman complained .
" You do n't know who you 're talking to .
And they do n't call the police when things go wrong . "
Unless they , too , are dissuaded by a strong family , or involved in school , work , church or sports , too many of their young will drift into gang life .
Without engaged fathers as role models , the gang becomes the family .
Individual roles evolve into that of foot soldiers , defending their turf , asserting neighborhood pride , participating in combat operations and retaliatory strikes .
" Gang life has become mainstream , " according to gang unit Detective Tyler Kamp - glorified in rap music and bannered on MySpace .
The Internet is a veritable billboard for many gang members .
They have used it to send angry messages to their rivals .
One South Phoenix woman summed it up in a few powerful words : " It 's hard to be a boy around here . "
Boy or girl , nobody said it would be easy , certainly not those whose vigilant efforts continue for safer neighborhoods and streets in south Phoenix .
Richard de Uriarte , a former Republic editorial writer , is communications director for the county Board of Supervisors .
Reach him at deuriarter@mail.maricopa.gov .
Candidate à la présidentielle de 2007 , battue par Martine Aubry pour diriger le Parti socialiste , Ségolène Royal continue de faire entendre , au sein de la gauche , une musique particulière .
Vous ne vous êtes pas réjouie du renvoi de Jacques Chirac devant le tribunal correctionnelâ ? ¦
Ségolène Royal .
Il est dommage que la justice n'ait pas eu les moyens d'être rendue plus tôt .
L'exemplarité doit être la première valeur d'un dirigeant politique .
Mais le temps a passé et , pour ne pas altérer l'image de la France ni celle de la fonction présidentielle , je pense que la tranquillité doit être accordée à Jacques Chirac .
Cette affaire vient de démontrer l'utilité du juge d'instruction pour que la justice soit la même pour tous .
Vous avez dit être favorable au débat sur l'identité nationale lancé par Eric Besson .
Etes -vous prête à y participer ?
C'est un débat dont j'ai repris l'initiative en 2006 , comme le prouvent les textes de mes discours qu'on peut lire sur le site Désirs d'avenir .
Je n'ai donc pas attendu aujourd ' hui pour donner ma vision de cette question centrale .
Pendant la présidentielle de 2007 , vous aviez parlé du drapeau tricolore , chanté « la Marseillaise » dans les meetings .
Pour vous , l'identité nationale passe par ces symboles forts ?
Newsletter Politique Chaque jour , l'actualité politique vue par Le Parisien Chaque jour , l'actualité politique vue par Le Parisien Votre adresse mail est collectée par Le Parisien pour vous permettre de recevoir nos actualités et offres commerciales .
En savoir plus
Il y a beaucoup de choses dans la nation : l'histoire , les valeurs , les symboles , mais aussi l'avenir .
L'identité nationale ne se forge pas uniquement dans la fascination du passé .
Je n'ai pas cette approche très conservatrice .
Mais je crois que l'identité nationale française se réfère essentiellement à la Révolution française , c'est - à- dire la lutte contre les privilèges , la question des libertés , des solidarités , de la fraternité .
Ce débat , je ne le crains pas .
Car il peut mettre en valeur les clivages entre l'instrumentalisation d'une identité nationale définie de manière restrictive , qui se confondrait avec une forme de nationalisme , et une identité nationale qui , elle , est bien ancrée sur les valeurs républicaines : liberté , égalité , fraternité .
Est-ce une mise en cause de la politique de Sarkozy ?
Bien sûr .
Quand une politique creuse les inégalités , cela porte atteinte au ciment de la nation .
Ce qui met en cause l'identité nationale , c'est cette politique et sa succession de scandales qui dégradent l'image de la France à l'étranger .
Ce sont les conséquences d'une politique au service des privilèges , du népotisme , de politiques fiscales injustesâ ? ¦
Garantir l'égalité réelle , voilà le premier fondement de l'identité nationale .
Etes-vous d'accord pour sanctionner les atteintes au drapeau tricolore et à « la Marseillaise » ?
Il faut reconquérir les symboles de la nation .
C'est pourquoi j'ai souhaité faire chanter « la Marseillaise » dans mes meetings , revendiquer le drapeau tricolore qui appartient à tous , pas seulement à la droite .
Les socialistes étaient gênés , c'est un comble !
La nation est à l'origine un concept de gauche .
Mais je le répète , il est aussi grave et même plus grave de porter atteinte à l'égalité entre les Français que de porter atteinte au drapeau ou à l'hymne national , parfois d'ailleurs parce qu'on est déçu que la nation ne tienne pas sa promesse républicaine .
Si M. Sarkozy veut encore faire une loi , je lui propose un vrai sujet : l'égalité entre tous les Français .
La gauche devrait - elle s'emparer de ce débat ?
Le moment choisi par la droite pour lancer ce débat montre que c'est une opération de diversion pour sortir d'une mauvaise passe , alors que les élections régionales se profilent .
C'est aussi une tentative de récupérer un certain électorat .
Ce qui est condamnable , c'est le moment et la façon dont le débat est lancé .
En revanche , la gauche ne doit pas rejeter ce débat , et encore moins le craindre .
La burqa menace - t - elle l'identité nationale ?
La burqa ne doit pas être acceptée sur le territoire français .
Faut - il pour autant faire une loi ?
Je ne le pense pas .
Cela risquerait de susciter un effet provocateur et de multiplier le port de la burqa .
Il faut faire attention à ne pas instrumentaliser cela .
Le gouvernement gère - t - il bien le dossier de la souffrance au travail ?
A - t - on déjà vu dans le passé des suicides dus au travail d'une telle ampleur ?
Où est la valeur travail prônée par Nicolas Sarkozy ?
Il y a une montée dramatique de la précarité dans le monde du travail , une intensification des dégâts du libéralisme et de formes brutales de management , des mutations forcées parce que le dialogue social n'a pas été facilité .
On pourrait imaginer un système de bonus - malus pour encourager à investir dans la qualité du travail et du dialogue social .
Les entreprises qui investissent dans l'amélioration des conditions de travail pourraient bénéficier de bonus .
En fonction du nombre d'accidents du travail ou de maladies professionnelles , d'autres au contraire pourraient avoir un malus .
Le système actuel n'est pas assez efficace et incitatif .
On pourrait aussi rendre facilement accessibles à tous les rapports des inspecteurs du travail .
Et , surtout , faire un plan d'urgence pour la médecine du travail .
Des familles de soldats français tués en Afghanistan en août 2008 portent plainte .
Qu'en pensez - vous ?
Il faut avoir le courage de dire qu'il n'y a , hélas !
pas de guerre sans victime .
Ce risque est la grandeur et la servitude du métier militaire .
Ceux qui s'engagent dans l'armée savent qu'ils risquent leur vie .
Mais je comprends le désarroi des familles qui ont perdu un proche .
Comment expliquer que le PS ne soit pas plus haut dans l'opinion , avec le contexte que vous décrivez ?
Il faut le demander aux actuels dirigeants du PS .
Ils ont voulu la direction , ils l'ont .
C'est donc à eux de faire en sorte que le PS soit beaucoup plus présent dans le débat public , plus à l'offensive sur la défense des valeurs et des propositions .
François Bayrou a révélé cette semaine que vous vous étiez rencontrés pour discuter .
Etes -vous prêts à travailler ensemble ?
Je trouve normal que les dirigeants politiques puissent se parler .
On a échangé , il m'a fait part de son projet de parlement de l'alternance et je suis bien sûr tout à fait disponible pour travailler avec lui comme avec d'autres .
Vous seriez prête aussi à rencontrer Dominique de Villepin qui appelle à une « alternative républicaine » ?
Je ne veux pas réduire ma démarche politique à des rencontres individuelles même si je suis attentive à tous ceux qui se dressent contre les dérives d'une droite dure .
On a parlé de votre solitude , des rangs qui s'éclaircissent autour de vousâ ? ¦
The Nobel Prize is known as the highest award in science .
However , how much do we know about these awards ?
Discover how the Nobel Prize has defined the society ’s greatest minds throughout time with these Nobel Prize facts .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts 950 people have been inducted as Nobel Prize laureates as of 2019 .
Nobel Prizes are awarded annually on December 10th .
A Nobel Prize comes with a cash award of 9 million Swedish krona .
The United States has the most number of laureates , at 383 people .
Up to 3 people can share a Nobel Prize award between them .
The Nobel Foundation founded the Nobel Prize in 1900 .
Wilhelm Röntgen , the discoverer of x-rays , received the first Nobel Prize for Physics in 1901 .
Jacobus van ‘t Hoff received the first Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1901 for his work on chemical thermodynamics .
French poet Sully Prudhomme received the first Nobel Prize for Literature in 1901 .
For his development of a diphtheria antitoxin , Emil von Behring received the first Nobel Prize for medicine in 1901 .
Jean Henri Dunant and Frédéric Passy shared the first Nobel Prize for Peace between them in 1901 .
In 1938 and 1939 , Adolf Hitler barred 3 German laureates from receiving their prizes .
The Nobel Foundation did not award any Nobel Prizes during WWII .
Jan Tinbergen and Ragnar Fritsch shared the first Nobel Prize for Economics in 1968 .
Jean - Paul Sartre became the first person to refuse a Nobel Prize in 1964 .
The Nobel Prize is never given posthumously .
All awardings except for Nobel Peace take place in Stockholm , Sweden .
The awarding of the peace prize takes place in Oslo , Norway .
Up to 3000 people per year become nominees for the Nobel Prize .
The Nobel Peace Prize is the only one that can be awarded to institutions .
Table of Contents 01 Nobel Prize Facts Infographics 02 Alfred Noble funded the Nobel Prize through explosives .
03 Separate academic institutes award the Nobel Prizes .
04 If a Nobel Prize laureate dies before being awarded , the award will be given to their relatives .
05 Nobel Prize medals are made of gold .
06 The medals for physics and chemistry have two figures stamped in the front .
07 The medal for the Nobel Prize in Medicine has a woman and a child stamped in the front .
08 The Nobel Prize for Literature medal references Greco - Roman mythology .
09 The Nobel Peace Prize has three men stamped in the front .
10 The medal for Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences has a star as its symbol .
11 Nobel Prize laureates receive their diplomas from the King of Sweden .
12 The 1973 Nobel Prize for Peace is one of the most controversial .
13 Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat ’s Nobel Prize for Peace in 1994 also attracted controversy .
14 The inventor of lobotomy received a Nobel Prize for Medicine .
15 Mahatma Gandhi received a nomination for the Nobel Prize for Peace several times .
16 Several world - famous writers never received a Nobel Prize despite their achievements .
17 The Nobel Prize favors discoveries over inventions .
18 Marie Curie is one of 4 people to receive 2 Nobel Prizes .
19 A Russian billionaire once bought a Nobel Prize model .
20 Nobel Prize nominees do n't get notified .
21 Anyone can get nominated for the Nobel Prize .
Nobel Prize Facts Infographics
Alfred Noble funded the Nobel Prize through explosives .
Alfred Nobel ( 1833 -1896 ) was a Swedish chemist , engineer , and inventor .
He was especially involved in the weapons industry , with his most memorable invention being dynamite .
This led him to get labeled a merchant of death .
To fight against that legacy , he ordered the Nobel Foundation founded in his will , with over 90 % of his fortune going to the foundation .
In that way , he hoped that his legacy would amount to more than making and selling weapons .
Separate academic institutes award the Nobel Prizes .
The Nobel Foundation only nominates and decides who gets the awards for the year .
Representatives of different academic institutes award the prizes , as decided by Alfred Nobel in his will .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Nobel Prizes for Physics and Chemistry .
The Karolinska Institute awards the Nobel Prize for Medicine .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Nobel Prize for Peace .
Meanwhile , the Swedish Academy awards the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Upon its introduction in 1968 , the Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Nobel Prize for Economics .
Read also : More Amazing Science Facts
If a Nobel Prize laureate dies before being awarded , the award will be given to their relatives .
Nobel Prizes are n’t awarded posthumously .
However , if the laureate dies after they ’re declared the winner for that year , the prize is not withheld .
Instead , it ’s given to their relatives in their name .
Nobel Prize medals are made of gold .
The Nobel Prizes came in 23 - carat gold for those made before 1980 .
From 1980 to the present , the Nobel Prizes come in 18 - carat green gold with 24 - carat gold plating .
The Swedish Mint made the medals until 2010 , followed by the Mint of Norway which makes the medals till now .
Alfred Nobel ’s face is on the medal ’s reverse side , while the laureate ’s name is along the reverse side ’s rim .
As for the front of the medal , the design depends on what the award is for .
However , the front ’s rim is uniform with the inscription “ Inventas vitam iuvat excoluisse per artes ” .
Translated from its original Latin into English , it means “ It is beneficial to have improved life through discovered arts ” .
The medals for physics and chemistry have two figures stamped in the front .
The first figure for the Physics and Chemistry prize is the goddess Isis , holding a cornucopia in one hand , both symbolizing nature .
The second figure is a woman representing science , lifting Isis ’ veil and exposing her face .
This represents genius uncovering the secrets of nature .
The medal for the Nobel Prize in Medicine has a woman and a child stamped in the front .
The Nobel Prize in Medicine features a woman sitting with an open book on her lap , representing medicine .
A girl stands next to her , with medicine collecting water from a spring to give to the girl .
The Nobel Prize for Literature medal references Greco - Roman mythology .
The medal for the Nobel Prize in Literature shows a young man symbolizing the artist , sitting under a laurel tree .
In Greco - Roman mythology , the laurel tree was holy to Apollo , the god of arts and music .
The medal also features one of the muses guiding the artist in his work .
The Nobel Peace Prize has three men stamped in the front .
The Nobel Peace Prize medal features three men with their arms around each other ’s shoulders as a symbol of brotherhood .
The inscription along the front side ’s rim is also different from other medals .
It reads “ Pro pace et fraternitate gentium ” , which means “ For the peace and brotherhood of men ” when translated from its original Latin into English .
Read also : 48 Interesting Number Facts That Count
The medal for Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences has a star as its symbol .
This star represents the Swedish Academy of Sciences , which awards the Nobel Prizes for physics , chemistry , and economics .
The inscription along the front side ’s rim is in Swedish , reading “ Sveriges Riksbank till Alfred Nobels Minne 1968 ” .
The Swedish inscription translates to “ The Sveriges Riksbank , in memory of Alfred Nobel , 1968 . ”
This references the introduction of the Nobel Prize for Economics in 1968 , at the sponsorship of the Sveriges Riksbank .
Nobel Prize laureates receive their diplomas from the King of Sweden .
In addition to a medal and cash prize , Nobel Prize laureates receive diplomas for their award .
The design for each diploma is unique to the laureate receiving it .
Aside from the peace prize , all laureates have their diplomas awarded to them by the King of Sweden .
The 1973 Nobel Prize for Peace is one of the most controversial .
In 1973 , Henry Kissinger and Lê Đức
Thọ received a Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating a ceasefire in the Vietnam War .
Two members of the Norwegian Nobel Committee resigned in protest , because fighting continued in Vietnam despite the ceasefire .
Critics denounced Kissinger as worsening the situation as US President Nixon ’s National Security Adviser .
In contrast , Lê Đức
Thọ refused the prize , on the basis that there was still no peace in Vietnam .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat ’s Nobel Prize for Peace in 1994 also attracted controversy .
While it ’s arguable if the Palestinian Liberation Organization ( PLO ) is a terrorist organization , one of their supporters is Hamas , recognized internationally as a terrorist organization .
This led to one member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee to resign in protest , at awarding the peace prize to someone he described as a terrorist leader .
The inventor of lobotomy received a Nobel Prize for Medicine .
As prestigious as the Nobel Prize is , it has n’t always awarded the best people .
Antonio Moniz invented the practice of lobotomy , a surgical procedure where doctors cut out parts of the brain to correct mental illness .
Now , lobotomy is administered only as a last resort treatment .
Today ’s lobotomy is also far more refined than the previously aggressive process .
In the 1950s , tens of thousands of people underwent lobotomy and suffered irreversible brain damage as a result .
Mahatma Gandhi received a nomination for the Nobel Prize for Peace several times .
The first three times were from 1937 to 1939 .
The fourth time was in 1947 , and finally in 1948 .
After his assassination , members of the Nobel Committee expressed regret that Gandhi never received the peace prize .
Read also : 40 GMO Facts That You Really Should Know About
Several world - famous writers never received a Nobel Prize despite their achievements .
We ’re sure you ’ve watched the Lord of the Rings movie series .
You could even have read the novels before or after the films .
Either way , we ’re sure you know how famous J.R.R.
Tolkien is .
Strange as it seems , he never received the literature prize despite his great work .
Other great authors who never received the literature prize include Leo Tolstoy , Emile Zola , and Mark Twain among others .
The Nobel Prize favors discoveries over inventions .
It ’s not that inventors are n’t awarded Nobel Prizes , but Nobel Prizes typically go to scientists first and inventors second .
Statistics show that for the physics prize alone , 77 % go to scientists , and only 23 % is awarded to inventors .
Marie Curie is one of 4 people to receive 2 Nobel Prizes .
She first received the physics prize in 1903 , in recognition of her work on radioactivity .
She then received the chemistry prize in 1911 for isolating the radioactive element radium .
So far , she is the only scientist to receive 2 Nobel Prize awards .
A Russian billionaire once bought a Nobel Prize model .
In 2014 , Alisher Usmanov bought Dr. James Watson ’s medal at an auction in New York .
Dr. Watson held the auction to raise money for cancer research , with Usmanov winning the model for $ 4.1 million .
To Dr. Watson ’s surprise , Usmanov returned the medal after the auction , saying he deserved to keep the medal , and that the $ 4.1 million should continue to go to cancer research .
Nobel Prize nominees do n't get notified .
Up to 3000 people per year are nominated for a Nobel Prize .
However , they would only know their status if they win the award .
Other than that , they could wait 25 years for the release of the latest nominees .
Anyone can get nominated for the Nobel Prize .
Adolf Hitler , Benito Mussolini , and Joseph Stalin were all Nobel Prize nominees in their time , even if they never knew it .
None of them ever won the prize , and it ’s no surprise they did n’t .
Integrity ; sportsmanship ; pride :
If there are three words that make up the foundation of the sporting world , these three would most certainly be at the top of the list .
All sports are built on a drive to improve , the chance to compete against your peers , and the opportunity to build strong bonds with others .
To many sports are the building block for life .
But for all those that grow and mature through sports , there are those that take the game a little too seriously .
To those few the difference between winning and losing is n’t an option .
So instead of trying harder and training longer they cheat .
And when a cheater gets going and succeeds in pulling on over on the competition , chances are good he ’ll do it again .
And again .
And again .
But for every cheats there comes a day when their lies come back to bite them .
For these 15 that day came maybe a little later than we would have liked , but in the end they all got what they deserved .
Welcome to the biggest jokes in the sporting world better known as the 15 biggest sports cheats of all time .
15 . Danny Almonte And “ Age - Gate ”
The US has recently paid a great deal of attention every year to the Little League World Series , thanks in large part to the wonder of ESPN ’s marketing .
This has created controversy with some people feeling we are placing an awful lot of pressure on a bunch of 12 year old kids , while others view the event as an American tradition only improved with the coverage ESPN provides .
The story of Danny Almonte did n’t help the latter group ’s case much , showing that some Little League coaches were willing to do whatever it took to win , even if it meant falsifying birth certificates and using 14 year old pitchers who could throw 70 mph ( from 46 feet , the equivalent of a 92 mph fastball from a major league distance ) against 12 year old competition .
Almonte became a sensation during the 2001 Little League World Series , throwing the first perfect game in LLWS history since 1957 .
While Almonte ’s team did n’t win the tournament ( rules prevented him from pitching every game ) , it certainly was n’t his fault .
He managed 62 strikeouts out of 72 batters faced , which became much less impressive when it turned out that the 5 ’8 Almonte was actually 14 years old .
How did this fact come to light ?
Another team hired a private investigator of all things , showing that the world of Little League baseball is a hell of a lot more cutthroat than you ’d expect .
The resulting scandal was predictably massive , and probably more than a little overblown , but it ’s still ridiculous enough to earn the 15th spot on our list .
14 . 2002 Olympic Figure Skating Judge ’s Scandal
Figure skating is only a sport by the loosest definitions of the word ( I ’d call it something akin to dinner theatre personally ) .
This is because the judges have altogether too much say in the outcome , making the results completely subjective and subject to debate .
Sports should be as conclusive as possible , that runner ran faster than the other , team A beat team B , etc .
That ’s what made the 2002 Olympic figure skating judge ’s scandal so satisfying .
At the 2002 Winter Games , the Canadian figure skating pairs team skated a flawless program .
The Russians had dominated the event for years , and it looked like they would finally lose after making a technical error during their program .
But when the results were reveald the Russians won anyway , with judges from Russia , the People ’s Republic of China , Poland , Ukraine , and France placing the Russians first .
Judges from the United States , Canada , Germany , and Japan gave the event to the Canadians .
France was the obvious odd ball in that first group , and the French judge broke down immediately under questioning , claiming that the French skating federation had pressured her to vote for the Russians regardless of what actually happened .
This was a tit for tat agreement that would have seen votes come for the French ice dancing competitors competing a few days later .
The IOC went ahead and upgraded the Canadians to a gold medal , but allowed the Russians to also keep their gold medal , which should have resulted in nobody every taking figure skating seriously as a sport again .
Alas , we are not so lucky , and must suffer through extensive coverage every four years .
13 . Bill Belicheck ’s Spying
This is one of the more recent entries on our list , so I doubt you ’ll need much of a refresher to remember that Bill Belicheck was caught taping New York Jets defensive signals and fined $ 500,000 and a first round draft pick in the 2008 NFL draft .
Belicheck won the 2007 Coach of the Year award anyway , proving that anything goes in the NFL as long as you ’re winning while doing it .
12 . Rosie Ruiz ’s Short Journey
The marathon is a grueling event , with one of the biggest “ playing fields ” in all of sports , covering 26.2 miles of ground , leaving lots of opportunities for mischievousness .
Rosie Ruiz is probably the most famous marathon cheat of all time .
Ruiz “ won ” the 1980 Boston Marathon in a then record time of 2:31:56 , but it was later discovered that she had simply registered for the race and then jumped out of the crowd close to the finish line .
Ruiz helped to inspire many anti-cheating techniques that are still used today in large marathons , including extensive video surveillance and RFID chips worn by all runners that monitors the times that runners arrive at various checkpoints .
11 . Joe Niekro And His Famous Emory Board
Joe Niekro pitched for over two decades , maintaining impressive longevity in part by throwing the knuckleball , a pitch that is extremely easy on a pitcher ’s arm .
In 1987 , Niekro was pitching for the Minnesota Twins when the opposing team accused him of doctoring the ball .
Umpires made him empty his pockets and an emory board and a piece of sandpaper fell to the mound .
In all fairness , knuckleballers do rely on having sharp nails that can tightly grip a baseball .
One could see a piece of sandpaper and an emory board helping out with that .
But in all likelyhood Niekro was doctoring the ball , and he took his ten game suspension in stride .
Joe ’s brother Phil , who also threw the knuckleball , reportedly sent Joe a power sander with a 50 foot long extension cord making light of the incident .
10 . The CCNY Point Shaving Scandal
Gambling seems to be the one unforgivable sin when it comes to athletics .
If the legitimacy of a game comes into questions then fans will naturally start gravitating away from the game .
If players are gambling , or helping to throw games then sport becomes no different than professional wrestling .
One of the most earliest college basketball point shaving scandals involved the 1951 City College of New York basketball team .
The incident was one of the earliest college basketball point shaving scandals and involved not just CCNY but six other schools including Bradley University and the University of Kentucky .
The scandal entrapped over thirty players and was funded by organized crime .
Ever wonder why the NIT is the red headed stepchild of the NCAA tournament ?
The CCNY point shaving scandal had a lot to do with that .
9. Dora Ratjen ’s Deception
Dora Ratjen was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Olympics in the High Jump .
Not much of a story really , except for one thing : Dora was actually Hermann , a man who was coerced by the Hitler Youth into tightly binding his genitals and competing against women .
The German Olympic team struggled in the previous Olympic games , and so it was thought entering a man here and there on the women ’s side of things might remedy the situation .
But German men could n’t even beat the women of other countries , as Ratjen finished fourth , failing to medal .
8. Ben Johnson ’s Steroid Use
Steroids are much in the news of late , with Major League Baseball facing a juicing crisis , but you have to go back more than twenty years to a time when steroids really first went mainstream .
The Olympics have a long history of athletes using anything they can get their hands on , but it all came to a head in the 80’s with Ben Johnson being stripped of his gold medal that he won in the 100 m sprint , the glamour event of track and field .
The scandal was particularly devastating for Canada , who latched onto Ben Johnson with a great deal of excitement and national pride , only to be gutted two days later when it was revealed that Johnson had been using Stanozolol , the same drug Barry Bonds has been accused of using .
7. 1919 Black Sox
The 1919 Black Sox scandal is probably the most famous example of athletes throwing a contest of all time .
The 1919 World Series pitted the heavily favored Chicaco White Sox against the Cincinnati Reds .
Rumors of the series being fixes were rampant even before things got underway , which caused an influx of money to come in betting for the Reds .
The rumors were true , and eight members of the White Sox conspired to throw the series , led by first baseman Arnold “ Chick ” Gandil .
All eight players were eventually banned for life , which had the effect of making Shoeless Joe Jackson , one of the greatest players in baseball history , ineligible for the Hall of Fame .
Somewhat surprising fact :
The players were motivated to throw the series in part because they hated White Sox owner Charles Comiskey , a legendarily cheap SOB made their players pay for their own laundry , inevitably causing dirty uniforms and the nickname of “ Black Sox ” which existed well before the throwing of the World Series .
So the next time you feel compelled to complain about escalating athlete salaries remember that they are helping to ensure games are fair and on the level , since there ’s no monetary motivation to take a fall .
6. Tonya Harding Takes A Hit Out On Nancy Kerrigan
Ah , figure skating again , this time possibly the only event that ever truly made figure skating interesting .
Tonya Harding was the 1991 US figure skating champion and only the second woman to ever land a triple axel in competition .
She became just a touch more famous in 1994 , when her ex-husband hit Nancy Kerrigan in the knee , leading to one of the more pathetic moments in sports history .
Incredibly , Harding still was allowed to compete in the 1994 Olympics after it was found that she had conspired with her ex-husband to attack Kerrigan .
The US Olympic Committee tried to bar her from competition , but relented when she threatened legal action .
She eventually received a large fine and community service for the attack , and eventually revealed herself to be a complete hillbilly , competing in female boxing , gaining a tremendous amount of weight , and releasing a sex tape that has been rumored to cause blindness .
5. Stella Walsh ’s Working The System
Stella Walsh had a pretty ingenious sports hack : ambiguous genitalia !
Walsh was an Olympic competitor for Poland , winning the gold in the 100 m sprint in 1932 , and the silver in 1936 .
Walsh set 18 world records in her life , but accusations that she was male dogged her for years , and she was forced to undergo a gender check at the 1936 Olympics .
Which she apparently passed , despite the fact that when she was autopsied following her death it was found that she had male genitalia , along with female characteristics .
Further investigation revealed that she had both an XX and an XY pair of chromosomes .
4. Spanish Paralympians Play A Mean Trick
So you thought the episode of South Park where Cartman pretends to be mentally disabled to enter the Special Olympics was fiction ?
Think again .
The 2000 Paralympics saw the basketball team from Spain take the gold medal in the “ intellectual disability ” category .
Carlos Ribagorda , an undercover journalist , revealed that the players on Spain ’s team had not actually undergone the testing required to prove mental deficiency .
It turned out that ten of the twelve players on the Spain basketball team were perfectly normal , making us really , really wish some of these games were on YouTube , just , you know , for research purposes .
It was n’t just the basketball team either , participants in table tennis , track and field , and swimming events were also not disabled , making us really wonder about Spain a little bit .
Cause , come on , really ?
Cheating in the intellectually disabled portion of the Paralympics ?
I ’m not sure it gets a lot worse than that .
3. Donald Crowhurst ’s Ugly End
Donald Crowhurst deception carried with it some tragic consequences .
Crowhurst competed in the 1968 Sunday Times Golden Globe Race , an around the world yacht race .
This was a pretty terrible idea for numerous reasons , chief among them the fact that Crowhurst was an amateur sailor at best , and had never before attempted a lengthy voyage .
His main reason for entering the race was to stir up some publicity for a handheld radio direction finder that allowed the user to take their bearing based on marine and aviation radio beacons .
Crowhurst decided to use a boat called a trimaran for the race , naturally a boat that was both untested at lengthy voyages and that had great trouble with capsizing ( they are impossible to right once flipped ) .
Crowhurst planned to add an inflatable buoyancy bag that would right the boat , but did n’t get around to it .
No , seriously .
He also left a bunch of his supplies behind in the frenzy of preparation .
Crowhurst immediately had issues with his boat and supplies upon embarking , and quickly realized he faced the choice of either continuing and more than likely dying , or quitting and facing financial devastation .
He chose option three , which involved hanging around the South Atlantic for awhile and making false radio reports about his location .
Based on early radio reports he had given the world assumed he was leading the race , causing runner up Nigel Tetley to push his ship to the literal breaking point .
Tetley was forced to abandon ship , despite in reality being far ahead of the field .
This caused Crowhurst a tremendous amount of guilt , which led him to suicide .
His boat was eventually found adrift , along with a 25,000 word log book that included false logs , poems , quotations , and a long philosophical treatise on the human condition .
The story has been made into numerous foreign films , and we figure it ’s only a matter of time until someone in the US decides to cast Daniel Day Lewis as Crowhurst in a film that will be Oscar bait for all involved .
Inevitable really .
2. Panama Lewis’ Lack of Heart
Panama Lewis might be the most despicable character in boxing ’s history , which is saying something about a sport that has produced some truly disquieting individuals .
The lowlight of Lewis ’ career was the 1983 fight between Lewis Resto and Billy Collins Jr. in which Lewis removed most of the padding from Resto ’s boxing gloves .
He also soaked the tape that went on Resto ’s hands in plaster of Paris , meaning Resto was basically beating Collins Jr. with a plaster cast for ten rounds .
Collins Jr.’s vision was blurred after the fight , leading to depression and a death nine months later in a car accident that some believed to be a suicide .
The picture above is what Collins Jr. looked like after the fight .
Lewis spent a year in prison for fixing the fight , but went on to train boxers overseas .
A documentary was made about the incident in 2008 titled Cornered !.
1. The Hand of God
Easily one of the most famous plays in sports history , Diego Maradona ’s goal came six minutes into the second half of the 1986 World Cup quarter - final between England and Argentina .
Maradona punched the ball into the goal with his left hand , and referee Ali Bin Nasser allowed it , not having seen the penalty .
After the game and the 2 - 1 Argentinian victory came Maradona ’s famous quote claiming that the goal was scored “ un poco con la cabeza de Maradona y otro poco con la mano de Dios ” ( a little with the head of Maradona and a little with the hand of God ) .
The famous photograph you see above shows that the goal was actually scored mostly with the hand of Maradona .
Argentina would go on to win the 1986 World Cup , only increasing the significance of the wrongly allowed goal .
Bad , ugly or just downright disgusting , everyone one of these names holds a dark place in our hearts .
Their drive to win was insatiable ; but their will to win far outweighed their respect for the sport and those who played .
In the end they found a place a special place in the annals of history — it ’s just too bad it was n’t the place they were hoping for .
Obama ’s “ Goldilocks strategy ” on Sudan
By Will Inboden
Seven months ago , when President Obama announced the appointment of retired Maj. Gen. Scott Gration as special envoy on Sudan , I offered some cautious words of praise and a few constructive suggestions .
As the White House prepares for Monday ’s roll - out of the administration ’s new Darfur strategy , it is a good time to make a mid-course assessment .
It is not positive .
According to weekend news reports prompted by administration officials previewing the strategy , in a head - snapping departure from Obama ’s own campaign promises , the new approach will be a combination of " pressure and incentives " that privileges positive engagement .
But no new measures of " pressure " are mentioned , and the administration ’s own descriptions place all of the emphasis on incentives and dialogue : " to get to the best - case scenario — which is to change the behavior of the Khartoum government — we are going to have to work with a government responsible for so many atrocities . "
But what if that government does n’t want to work with you ?
And what if it continues to refuse to change its behavior ?
Recent events and policy trends do not lend a favorable interpretation to the administration ’s line .
Consider :
Gration ’s first few months on the job have included losing the confidence of important stakeholders in Sudan such as displaced Darfurians and rebel groups , antagonizing key members of Congress and Darfur activists , and even ( in a " life imitates the Onion " moment ) offering " cookies " and " gold stars " to an indicted war criminal and perpetrator of genocide ( and Sudanese president ) , Omar Hassan al - Bashir .
The collective effect has been to erode Gration ’s credibility as an honest broker , and to unilaterally diminish the administration ’s leverage with the Bashir regime .
The Obama administration self - consciously frames its Sudan policy in the context of its overall approach of unconditionally engaging with pariah states .
" Unconditionally " is the operative word , since while it can well be useful and effective at times to negotiate with bad guys , in places from Burma to Iran to Sudan the administration is on a troubling course of offering outstretched hands full of carrots , yet no new sticks .
This reflects a false dichotomy posited between sanctions and diplomacy , when in fact the imposition and tightening of sanctions can help strengthen the hand of diplomacy .
It ignores history .
For a White House that prides itself on its ostensible intellectual sophistication , the Obama administration seems rather obtuse about the lessons of history , even the recent past .
Such as remembering that Bashir , besides presiding over the serial murder of his own people , is also a serial violator of negotiated agreements .
Or that it was only under the pain of sanctions ( and a poignant awareness of American military might in the wake of 9/11 ) that Khartoum came to the negotiating table with then - Special Envoy John Danforth to eventually end the North - South war and forge the Comprehensive Peace Agreement in early 2005 .
Or that the Bush administration ’s efforts in its latter years to end the Darfur genocide included a series of positive inducements offered to Bashir by numerous presidential envoys — such as upgraded diplomatic relations , removal from the terrorism sponsor list , cessation of sanctions , etc. — that ultimately did not avail in changing Bashir ’s behavior .
For a White House that prides itself on its ostensible intellectual sophistication , the Obama administration seems rather obtuse about the lessons of history , even the recent past .
Such as remembering that Bashir , besides presiding over the serial murder of his own people , is also a serial violator of negotiated agreements .
Or that it was only under the pain of sanctions ( and a poignant awareness of American military might in the wake of 9/11 ) that Khartoum came to the negotiating table with then - Special Envoy John Danforth to eventually end the North - South war and forge the Comprehensive Peace Agreement in early 2005 .
Or that the Bush administration ’s efforts in its latter years to end the Darfur genocide included a series of positive inducements offered to Bashir by numerous presidential envoys — such as upgraded diplomatic relations , removal from the terrorism sponsor list , cessation of sanctions , etc. — that ultimately did not avail in changing Bashir ’s behavior .
It ignores China .
As Sudan ’s largest investor and most consistent " heat shield " against meaningful international pressure , any robust solution to Khartoum ’s depredations runs through Beijing .
Yet the Obama administration ’s posture toward China appears to be a one - dimensional " China - as - our - central - banker " strategy run out of the Treasury Department , and there are no signs of significant efforts to enlist China in pressing Sudan .
As Sudan ’s largest investor and most consistent " heat shield " against meaningful international pressure , any robust solution to Khartoum ’s depredations runs through Beijing .
Yet the Obama administration ’s posture toward China appears to be a one - dimensional " China - as - our - central - banker " strategy run out of the Treasury Department , and there are no signs of significant efforts to enlist China in pressing Sudan .
It ignores international law .
For an administration supposedly committed to a new multilateral posture and cooperation with international institutions , the Obama White House is displaying a stunning — dare we say , " unilateral " — disregard for international law and the international community .
Bashir , after all , has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity .
Yet the Obama administration directly undermines the ICC through go - it - alone efforts to engage Bashir and cooperate with him as a purportedly legitimate partner in peace efforts .
For an administration supposedly committed to a new multilateral posture and cooperation with international institutions , the Obama White House is displaying a stunning — dare we say , " unilateral " — disregard for international law and the international community .
Bashir , after all , has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity .
Yet the Obama administration directly undermines the ICC through go - it - alone efforts to engage Bashir and cooperate with him as a purportedly legitimate partner in peace efforts .
It could be worse .
In what seems to be an emerging " Goldilocks approach " of defaulting to the via media policy option , Obama appears to have rejected the most conciliatory posture by continuing with some of the current sanctions and not handing Bashir all of the inducements he would like up front ( such as eschewing the term " genocide , " or allowing Khartoum to register a Washington lobbyist , or removing it from the terrorism list , or extending full diplomatic relations ) .
Whether this approach represents a coherent strategy or just a split - the - difference compromise between Gration and U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice ( said to favor a harder line ) remains to be seen .
All of the above is not meant to diminish the very real complexities in Sudan , the manifest faults on many sides , or the failures of past efforts .
But campaign rhetoric notwithstanding , the prospects for real progress in ending the suffering and bringing justice to Sudan are not promising under the new strategy .
Monday , October 5 , 12:00 AM EDT Signs Google Knows Too Much About You
11 . Google Maps gives you directions before you enter the address you 're going to .
10 . Picasa deletes all the pictures of your girlfriend a week before you break up with her .
9 . Your mom has been talking to a Google Chat bot impersonating you for a month , and never noticed .
8 . Sergei Brin calls and offers condolences for the cancer you 're going to have .
7 . It puts " Angelina Jolie nude " in the search box before you can type it .
6 . Your first dates know more about you than your mom .
5 . Instead of showing up for job interviews , you tell prospective employers to Google you , and they 're fine with that .
4 . Google Voice has been calling and canceling meetings because they conflict with your schedule .
3 . The feeding tube used while you 're connected to the Google Collective has that minty flavor you love so much .
2 . Google turns the TV off after you fall asleep on the couch .
1 . Security does n't have to scan your mandatory TSA forehead barcode tattoo to let you on the plane .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Apple Removes Sync from iTunes to Thwart Palm Next Story :
Dealing with Technology
MADRID , Spain —
A crucifix over the blackboard .
An image of the Virgin Mary presiding over a classroom full of students .
These pervasive Catholic symbols , still present in some Spanish public schools , may soon become things of the past .
The Ministry of Justice , in charge of religious affairs , has been considering a ban on religious symbols in the classroom — something Francisco Caamano , minister of justice , first mentioned to the media in August .
Debate subsequently ensued over the role of religion in traditionally Catholic , but technically secular , Spain , and then intensified in September with the start of the schoolyear and again this month when the European Court of Human Rights ruled on a similar case in Italy .
The issue originally surfaced in 2008 with a controversial court decision , which stated that Macias Picavea , a public school in Valladolid , was to remove all crucifixes from classrooms and common spaces .
The school ’s council , composed of teachers and parents , had voted to maintain the religious symbols which dated back to the establishment ’s 1930 inauguration .
But a group of parents felt the symbols violated fundamental rights such as freedom of conscience .
They took the case to court and won .
“ It ’s a matter of democratic health , ” argued Carlos Parrado , president of the Lay School Cultural Association in Valladolid .
" Public schools are a space for everyone , people of different faiths or no faith .
A symbol that does n’t represent everyone has no place .
Why that particular symbol and not another ? ”
The court 's ruling — which the regional government has appealed and is now pending the regional High Court ’s final decision — declares that religious symbols in public schools violate the Spanish Constitution .
The decision reiterates that there is no state religion and “ the State can neither adhere to nor support any creed . ”
The court decision also asserts that education is “ particularly sensitive ” to the issue of religious freedom , because what minors learn “ decisively influences their future behavior about beliefs and inclinations . ”
Religious symbols in the public school may induce minors to feel “ the State is closer to the faith those religious symbols represent ” than to other religions , the court document says .
The Spanish Constitution , dating from 1978 , guarantees freedom of religion and specifies that “ no religion shall have a state character . ”
Though Catholicism does get a special mention : “ Public authorities shall take into account the religious beliefs of Spanish society and shall consequently maintain relations of cooperation with the Catholic Church and the other faiths . ”
In September 2009 , the Center for Sociological Studies revealed almost 75 percent of Spaniards define themselves as Catholic , though only 15 percent go to Mass every Sunday , and 55 percent “ almost never . ”
Twenty percent declare they are atheists or non-believers .
Appeasing the Catholic tradition in officially secular Spain is proving a difficult task , and practicing Catholics are n't taking the prospect of the ban lightly .
The digital version of Alba , a Catholic publication , described the possible removal of religious symbols from schools as part of Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero ’s government ’s “ crusade against Catholicism . ”
Luis Carbonel , president of the Catholic Confederation of Students ’ Parents , concurs : “ This government is attacking everything Catholic — first with gay marriage , then fast - track divorce , now [ expanding legal ] abortion and eliminating religious symbols in schools .
The government is making a mistake .
The cross is not only a religious symbol , it ’s also a cultural one .
If we remove these symbols , we lose our character , our traditions , and , therefore , what we are . ”
“ Non -believers cannot impose their non-believing , ” Carbonel added .
Groups that support a society free of religious symbols in public space argue that it 's religious Catholics who are trying to impose their beliefs , citing the teaching of religion in schools , which is an elective , non-credit class financed with taxpayer money .
“ We are willing to accept religion as an extracurricular activity , paid by parents , as it happens with guitar lessons , soccer or pottery , ” said Parrado .
But Pedro Rascon , president of the National Confederation of Associations of Students ' Parents , thinks religion has no place in school at all : “ Religion belongs to the private scope , it should be at home , the synagogue , the mosque , " he said .
Parrado , Lay School Cultural Association president , makes a distinction between the case of students wearing a medal of the Virgin Mary or a David star around their necks and a religious image hanging on the wall .
“ I can wear a cross and that ’s a private matter , I ’m not imposing this symbol on anybody , it only represents me , what I believe .
A different case is a cross on the wall in a public school , ” he said .
“ The cross on the wall must be present if parents request it so , ” argued Carbonel .
But at Macias Picavea School , parents ’ differing views ended up in court , and the court overturned the school council ’s decision .
“ If the matter were marked by law , future conflicts would be avoided , ” said Rascon .
Early this month , the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg ruled in favor of a woman in Italy who had requested religious symbols be removed from the school attended by her two children .
Following that decision , the Lay School Cultural Association asked the regional government to withdraw the appeal .
The regional government , however , refuses .
Parrado said they will take the case to Strasbourg if necessary .
“ Colegios concertados ” are particular to Spain , where they are private schools that receive public funds .
Eighty percent of them are Catholic , owned by the Church or religious orders , and it is unclear how they would be affected .
Parrado explained another school in Valladolid is also undergoing judicial proceedings .
The name of the center is Isabel la Catolica — after the Catholic monarch under whom the Jews were expelled from Spain , the Reconquista from the Moors was finished and evangelization in the Americas began .
She must be turning in her grave .
Melt the butter in a small saucepan and add the onions .
Cook until soft and transparent .
Cool slightly
Place the belly pork onto a chopping board and cut into portions .
Place the minced pigs ' liver into a large glass bowl and place under the blade of a mincer .
Using a fine blade of a mincer , mince the pork belly and lambs heart directly into the bowl with the pig s liver .
If you do not have a mincer at home ask your butcher to mince all your meat for you .
Add the cooled chopped onions , mace , chives , sage , beaten egg and salt and pepper .
Stir in the breadcrumbs .
Using your hands shape the mixture into 12 patties .
Place on a plate and chill for about 1 hour .
Preheat the oven to 200C / 400 F / Gas 6 .
7 . For the gravy : place the onion wedges into a large roasting pan or ovenproof dish .
Add the thyme and drizzle over the olive oil .
Place in the oven and roast uncovered for 40 minutes until the onions are caramelised .
Meanwhile heat the dripping or olive oil in a large frying pan .
Fry the faggots until golden brown on both sides .
Place the stock and wine in a small saucepan , bring to the boil and reduce by a third .
Remove the roasted onions from the oven and lay the faggots on top .
Pour over the gravy liqueur .
Reduce the oven temperature to 180C / 350 F / Gas 4 and cook the faggots for 40 minutes .
The possibility that climate change might simply be a natural variation like others that have occurred throughout geologic time is dimming , according to evidence in a Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences paper published October 19 .
The research reveals that sediments retrieved by University at Buffalo geologists from a remote Arctic lake are unlike those seen during previous warming episodes .
The UB researchers and their international colleagues were able to pinpoint that dramatic changes began occurring in unprecedented ways after the midpoint of the twentieth century .
" The sediments from the mid-20th century were not all that different from previous warming intervals , " said Jason P. Briner , PhD , assistant professor of geology in the UB College of Arts and Sciences .
" But after that things really changed .
And the change is unprecedented . "
The sediments are considered unique because they contain rare paleoclimate information about the past 200,000 years , providing a far longer record than most other sediments in the glaciated portion of the Arctic , which only reveals clues to the past 10,000 years .
" Since much of the Arctic was covered by big ice sheets during the Ice Age , with the most recent glaciations ending around 10,000 years ago , the lake sediment cores people get there only cover the past 10,000 years , " said Briner .
" What is unique about these sediment cores is that even though glaciers covered this lake , for various reasons they did not erode it , " said Briner , who discovered the lake in the Canadian Arctic while working on his doctoral dissertation .
" The result is that we have a really long sequence or archive of sediment that has survived arctic glaciations , and the data it contains is exceptional . "
Working with Briner and colleagues at UB who retrieved and analyzed the sediments , the paper 's co-authors at the University of Colorado and Queens University , experts in analyzing fossils of bugs and algae , have pooled their expertise to develop the most comprehensive picture to date of how warming variations throughout the past 200,000 years have altered the lake 's ecology .
" There are periods of time reflected in this sediment core that demonstrate that the climate was as warm as today , " said Briner , " but that was due to natural causes , having to do with well - understood patterns of the Earth 's orbit around the sun .
The whole ecosystem has now shifted and the ecosystem we see during just the last few decades is different from those seen during any of the past warm intervals . "
Yarrow Axford , a research associate at the University of Colorado , and the paper 's lead author , noted : " The 20th century is the only period during the past 200 millennia in which aquatic indicators reflect increased warming , despite the declining effect of slow changes in the tilt of the Earth 's axis which , under natural conditions , would lead to climatic cooling . "
Co-authors with Briner and Axford are Colin A. Cooke and Alexander P. Wolfe of the University of Alberta ; Donna R. Francis of the University of Massachusetts ; John P. Smol , Cheryl R. Wilson and Neal Michelutti at Queens University ; Gifford H. Miller of the University of Colorado and Elizabeth K. Thomas , who did this work at UB for her master 's degree in geology .
Halloween is just around the corner , and if you have n't picked a costume , you 'd best get on that , stat .
Personally , I 'm going as Batwoman , and while most fans will agree that comic book costumes are a solid choice , every once in a while someone spins their love of the medium into something special .
Today , we tip our hat to this lady , who transformed herself not into a comic book character but an actual comic book drawing , with inking , Ben -Day dots and all .
Check out the inking detail on the lips , nose , ears , scalp and neck in more pics after the jump .
( Via Geekologie )
James Dyson has a fetish for making unusual products : everything from vacuums that suck ( in a good way ) to hand dryers that blow ( also in a good way ) , each use a clever combo of eye - catching design along with innovative methods of compressing and dispensing air .
But even we in the Lab were n't prepared for the WTF moment when we pulled Dyson 's blade - less Air Multiplier fan from its packaging .
The thing should not work .
A gust of air should not be coming form this giant blue Froot Loop .
But upon closer inspection , all that 's at work here is some clever engineering tricks .
The unit is essentially one of Dyson 's vacuum cleaners working in reverse .
The gray base station sucks up air and forces it through the circular blue thing that sits atop the rig .
When the air jets through the front of the circle , it creates a suction behind and to the sides that draws more air through the loop and makes the fan more powerful .
Dyson claims the Multiplier increases pressure15 - fold and spews 118 gallons of air every minute .
To get a better idea of how it works , checkout this bullshit artist rendering :
The fan 's operation is really quite amazing .
Not only is it eye catching — everyone at the Wired office today was slack jawed by its striking build and apparent miraculous tempest — but the thing runs quiet too .
There 's virtually no operating noise aside from the light hum of the engine and whoosh of the blowing gas .
And it 's especially safe for worrisome parents who fret about junior getting his precious digits mangled by a high RPM spinning plastic blade .
The only thing we do n't like about the fan ?
( Aside from the ridiculously high price tag . )
There 's no emulating Darth Vader 's voice with this thing .
I mean , how would it work in a Tommy Boy remake ?
The Air Multiplier will go on sale on this fall and will cost $ 300 - $ 330 .
See Also :
Photo by Jim Merithew for Wired.com
Unendliche Produktwelten  Teil 1
It 's a kind of WERBUNG
Anlässlich neuer Produktveröffentlichungen im Rahmen der globalen Kampagne MARVEL MANIA hatte ich die Gelegenheit mit offenem Mund und unglaublichen Kopfschütteln die schiere Masse an Marvel - Produkten für dieses Jahr zu bestaunen .
Da es schon Lebkuchen in den Supermärkten gibt und Halloween nicht mehr weit ist , möchte ich angesichts der alljährlichen persönlichen Verblüffung (  Ja ist denn schon wieder Weihnachten ?  ) in den Konsumrausch einsteigen und die ein oder andere Neuheit hier schamlos ins Internet halten .
Dabei haben wir bei der Comic Radio
Show natürlich an die Kinder gedacht , die das ein oder andere Marvel - Teil auch im Rahmen eines Zeichen - und Cosplay - Wettbewerbes gewinnen können .
Details dazu später mehr .
Jetzt erst einmal springe ich in die wunderbare Welt der ( unbezahlten ) " Werbung " für Marvel . ;-)
The highly skilled Federale Machete is hired by some unsavory types to assassinate a senator .
But just as he's about to take the shot , he notices someone aiming at him and realizes he 's been set up .
He barely survives the sniper 's bullet , and is soon out for revenge on his former employers , with the reluctant assistance of his brother Cheech Marin , who has become a priest and taken a vow of nonviolence .
If you hire him to take out the bad guys , make sure the bad guys are n't you !
Written by rmlohner
View Transcript
Transcript
Performance Review The Boss says , " You need to get better at anticipating problems . "
Dilbert says , " If I could anticipate problems , I would n't have agreed to work for you . "
Dilbert says , " You seem angry , I did not see that coming . "
Metro Vancouver dog owners have forgotten Fido , rejected Rover and pretty much scrapped Rags .
Since the turn of the century , your furry friend has a better chance of having a human name than a traditional canine moniker .
Enter Max , Charlie , Molly , Lucy , Sam and Abby .
Max is widely reported to be the most popular dog name on the planet and The Vancouver Sun 's 100,000 - entry dog - name database shows that local dog owners are true to the trend .
There are 1,347 dogs named Max registered in the 15 municipalities that contributed data to the project , good for first overall .
The global dominance of Max is a sea change from the days when Rex was king and Fido was quintessentially man 's best friend .
The name Fido grew rapidly in popularity in the 1860s when U.S. president Abraham Lincoln 's yellow Lab cross was photographed for a portrait and became the first presidential pet to attain celebrity status .
Fido , whose name means faithful in Latin , did not accompany the Lincolns to Washington , but did attend the president 's funeral procession in Springfield , Ill .
" Fido has been on the outs for quite a while , " said UBC psychology professor Stan Coren .
" But he was the first presidential dog to be photographed and became quite popular . "
Sometimes particular names become family traditions .
Famed psychologist Kurt Kafka had at least six dachshunds named Max .
" When I asked [ Kafka ] about that , he said the first one was named Max and the second one looked very much like him , " Coren recalled .
" Kafka said , ' We called him something else , but I kept calling him Max . ' "
British prime minister Winston Churchill kept toy poodles , all named Rufus .
" When asked his dog 's name , Churchill said , ' Rufus Two , but the Two is silent . ' "
Today the tendency is to give dogs human names .
Coren attributes the rise of human names to a growing number of female dog owners and the changing place that dogs occupy in our lives .
Dogs bred for working and hunting lived outside and more often kept company with men who favoured descriptive names such as Red or Bear and terse , monosyllabic names such as Rex and Jack .
" We have more and more companion dogs than ever before .
With more people living in condos you need a friendly little couch potato , " Coren explained .
" We have bred a whole bunch of new companion species that are widely available and they are great sucky - face dogs . "
" Even the ones that are too big to ride in purses are still frou - frou dogs , " he laughed .
Young single women and seniors ( who also tend to be women , as many outlive their husbands ) are acquiring companion dogs more than ever before and women favour human names more than men do , he said .
The trend to 19th - century girl names is strongly represented in the dog - name database and in the list of the most popular names given to human girls in B.C. Eight of the top 20 girls ' names listed by B.C. Vital Statistics also turn up among the top 50 dog names .
People like to say ‘ blood is thicker than water ’ .
But plants may actually treat ther siblings better than many of us : although lacking in blood , scientists have found that plants not only recognize family , but respect their space .
The first study to discover that plants were able to recognize siblings was conducted in 2007 on the sea rocket , a seashore plant .
In the study , conducted by Susan Dudley of McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , researchers found that the plants ’ roots would not compete with their siblings but instead would ‘ play nice ’ and share the space .
Now , new research published in Communicative & Integrative Biology shows just how plants , lacking vision and smell , recognize which nearby individuals are familial and which are not .
Harsh Bais , assistant professor of plant and soil sciences at the University of Delaware , painstakingly studied the reactions of wild Arabidopsis thaliana , a common flowering plant that has become a favorite for researchers .
But how do you discover how plants communicate ?
“ Plants have no visible sensory markers , and they ca n’t run away from where they are planted , ” Bais says .
“ It then becomes a search for more complex patterns of recognition . ”
Extracting chemical secretions from the roots ( known as exudates ) of his study plants , Bais systematically exposed seedlings to the secretions of their siblings , of strangers , and even of themselves .
The study found that when individual plants were exposed to the root secretions of strangers they pushed out with greater lateral root formation , in a sense actively competing with the stranger for room .
When Bais inhibited the root secretions , however , this aggressive push outward stopped .
The method then by which plants recognize siblings , Bais discovered , is through contact with root secretions .
Something in these secretions tells the plant whether it is related or not .
Bais also found that plants growing adjacent to strangers are shorter than if they are grown next to siblings , since strangers place excess energy into their roots .
Bais said that he observed sibling plants allowing their leaves to touch and intertwine , while unrelated plants will grow rigidly and avoid physical contact .
Related articles
Will tropical trees survive climate change ? , an interview with Kenneth J. Feeley
( 09/24/2009 )
One of the most pressing issues in the conservation today is how climate change will affect tropical ecosystems .
The short answer is : we do n’t know .
Because of this , more and more scientists are looking at the probable impacts of a warmer world on the Earth ’s most vibrant and biodiverse ecosystems .
Kenneth J. Feeley , tropical ecologist and new professor at Florida International University and the Center for Tropical Plant Conservation at the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden , is conducting groundbreaking research in the tropical forests of Peru on the migration of tree species due to climate change .
New carnivorous plant big enough to swallow a rat
( 08/11/2009 ) A newly discovered carnivorous plant in the central Philippines is large enough to catch a rat , according to a story by the BBC .
Nepenthes attenboroughii , named after naturalist and broadcast David Attenborough , is a member of the pitcher plant family , so - called because it is shaped like a large pitcher .
The plant preys on insects and animals that fall into its gaping maw .
Plant communities changing across the globe , says scientist Sasha Wright
( 03/29/2009 )
Having studied plant communities across three continent and within widely varied ecosystems — lowland tropics , deciduous forests , grasslands , and enclosed ecosystems on hill - tops — graduate student Sasha Wright has gained a unique understanding of shifts in plant communities worldwide as they respond to pressures from land use and global climate change .
“ Plant communities are certainly changing , ” Wright told Mongabay.com in a March 2009 interview .
“ These changes are undoubtedly affected by an increased occurrence of extreme weather events , temperature fluctuations , atmospheric CO2 concentrations , human land use , and in some cases urbanization of populations . ”
When Google went public in 2004 , that $ 250,000 investment translated into 3.3 million shares of Google stock .
At Google ’s IPO that represented a stock share position worth over $ 280 million !
The story is this – in 1998 when Larry Page ’s and Sergey Brin ’s Google offices were a Menlo Park , California garage – Bezos invested $ 250,000 of personal funds into the fledgling search engine in a $ 1 million follow - on investment round .
Yes , that Jeff Bezos .
Founder of Amazon.com and # 1 on the Forbes ’ 400 list with a net worth of $ 182.6 ( note that when I first wrote about this in 2009 , Bezos was # 33 on the Forbes ’ 400 list and his net worth was only ( I know … ) $ 8.7 billion ! )
To be filed firmly in the categories of the rich get richer and it does usually make sense to be both lucky and good , most people do n’t know that Jeff Bezos was one of the early investors in Google .
While Bezos does not disclose how many of those shares he still holds , at the current price of Google stock they would represent an investment position of over $ 1.5 billion .
Why did Bezos invest in Google ?
In his words , “ … There was no business plan … They had a vision .
It was a customer - focused point of view . ”
And more tellingly he adds , “ I just fell in love with Larry and Sergey . ”
In addition to being a tale to which the normal reaction is to just say “ wow , ” Bezos ’
Google investment offers a number of great lessons for aspiring , private company investors :
1. He Thought Long Term .
Even though Google has been the fastest rocket ship growth company in the history of capitalism , it was still SIX YEARS from Bezo ’s investment in the company to liquidity .
Private equity overnight successes simply do not exist .
2. He Got In Early .
Sure , it would have been great to get into Google at its IPO price of $ 85 / share , especially as the shares are up over 535 % since then .
But Bezos got in , after adjusting for stock splits , at EIGHT CENTS PER SHARE !
Talk about leverage .
That translates to a 112,000 percent increase from investment to IPO , and then if he held onto the shares to another 535 % on top of that .
3. He Invested in People .
At the time of Bezo ’s investment , there were a large number of very well - funded and far more successful search engines already on the market .
Remember this was 1998 not 1994 .
Yahoo .
Alta Vista . Lycos. Excite .
Looksmart .
Webcrawler .
Infoseek .
Inktomi and GoTo to name just a few .
But Bezos was attracted to Page and Brin as people , as technologists , as leaders .
And obviously their customer - centric focus really tracked the way that Bezos looks at the world and is embodied in the Amazon customer service experience .
So while a business opportunity , in its abstract is great , evaluating the people leading a business is a FAR MORE RELEVANT investing best practice .
4. He Took a Shot .
For every Jeff Bezos who invested in Google , there are stories of literally dozens of investors that were presented with the opportunity and did not .
This of course does not mean that the probability of any early stage private company investor having a Google - like success in their portfolio is anything but very low , but it does mean that it is far greater than the ZERO percent likelihood of success of those who did not invest .
As they say , you ca n’t win if you do n’t play .
5. He Got Lucky .
As hard as it is for many to accept , luck is a key , and sometimes the key , variable in successful investing .
As opposed to fighting or getting philosophical re this reality , a far better question to ask is “ How can I improve my likelihood of , for lack of a better turn of phrase , getting lucky ?
RAF helicopters have airlifted at least 50 people to safety , after flooding hit the town of Cockermouth in Cumbria .
Some people were forced to break through the roofs of their houses and dozens more have been rescued by boat .
The BBC's Laura Bicker describes the scene in Cockermouth as heavy rain continues in Cumbria and south west Scotland .
Welcome to the fifth installment in our never - ending quest to bring you the craziest , realest images on the web ( see Part One , Part Two , Part Three and Part Four ) .
We know some of you folks out there are going to scream " Fake " no matter what anyway , but we figured we 'd stress one more time that these images are , unfortunately , completely real .
Advertisement
15 On the Set of 2 Ark , 2 Furious : Noah 's Revenge Everyone 's reaction to this one can be summed up as , " What 's the big deal ?
It 's just two pics , one of a giant oil tanker and one of a peaceful little town -- OH HOLY FUCK THOSE PEOPLE ARE ABOUT TO BE CRUSHED . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That is in fact one photo , of the The Pasha Bulker , a ship that famously ran aground in 2007 within spitting distance of that little Australian community there .
The accident was due to bad weather while the captain was " eating breakfast . "
Apparently it became quite a tourist attraction , with people traveling from all over to see the massive stuck ship and perhaps hoping it was about to spill several million gallons of Fosters .
14 It 's the Tasmanian Devil , Get in the Car Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This spontaneous tornado photo looks like the kind of CGI you see in made - for - TV movies .
But if it 's fake , then National Geographic is lying to us .
They say it 's a 4,000 - foot tall twister in Kansas .
We think it looks like that bank of clouds ate a bit of bad Mexican last night .
In which case , we 're really glad not to be that Weather Tracker guy .
Cracked meteorology tip :
When you 're within sighting distance of a bout of meteorological diarrhea , it 's good not to wear your Sunday Best .
13 Mom , Dad , I 'd Like You to Meet my New Girlfriend Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This is one of those in the " not just fake but a bad fake " category , looking like something from some magazine ad selling ... bear insurance or something .
But in fact it 's one of several pics of Brutus the Bear and the family who 's keeping him as a pet .
Brutus was raised in captivity and serves as a pet / family friend to Casey Anderson , star of Expedition Grizzly .
One of Casey 's major goals is to use Brutus to show that giant bears are n't the dangerous man-eating monsters that we think they are .
That 's a brave mission he's on , considering the previous attempt to prove that resulted in the guy getting eaten .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This contest is closed , but you can enter 2010 contest !
Or , scroll down to the comments to read the scary stories
This contest is officially closed !
The votes have been counted and the winners have been picked .
We 'll let you know who won soon .
Thanks to everyone for your submissions and comments .
Make sure to check out our site for other upcoming contests !
Halloween is right around the corner , the season of ghouls and ghost , candy corn and corpses , and we have a dare for you .
No , we ’re not trying to get you to toilet - paper Old Man Wilson ’s house or kick over tombstones in the ol’ pioneer graveyard .
We dare you to scare us silly .
We are calling for your scariest , most bone - chilling stories .
Do n’t bother submitting the elementary school - grade stories ( i.e. “ I am the Viper . I am here to vipe your vindows . ” ) .
We want real terror .
True stories are even better .
Whichever story gets the most votes from users will win …
An Amazon Kindle
Also , a runner - up will be chosen randomly to win …
A $ 50 Amazon gift card
By Matt McGrath
BBC News , Copenhagen
Coral reefs are a key source of food , income and coastal protection
The prospects of saving the world 's coral reefs now appear so bleak that plans are being made to freeze samples to preserve them for the future .
A meeting in Denmark took evidence from researchers that most coral reefs will not survive even if tough regulations on greenhouse gases are put in place .
Scientists proposed storing samples of coral species in liquid nitrogen .
That will allow them to be reintroduced to the seas in the future if global temperatures can be stabilised .
Legislators from 16 major economies have been meeting in the Danish capital , Copenhagen , to try to agree the way forward on climate change .
The meeting has been organised by the Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment ( Globe ) .
Losing the fight
It 's the last ditch effort to save biodiversity from the reefs which are extremely diverse systems
Simon Harding
Zoological Society of London
Key coral reefs ' could disappear '
One of the issues they have been considering is what to do with coral reefs , which make up less than a quarter of 1 % of the ocean 's floor .
Yet the reefs are a key source of food , income and coastal protection for around 500 million people worldwide .
At this meeting , politicians and scientists acknowledged that global emissions of carbon dioxide are rising so fast that we are losing the fight to save coral and the world must develop an alternative plan .
Freezing samples for the future may be a necessary option .
'' Well it 's the last ditch effort to save biodiversity from the reefs which are extremely diverse systems , " said Simon Harding from the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) .
" It would take other work to try and reconstruct the reef so that you can start the process of building up a reef again , " he said .
" That is something that needs to be looked at in detail , but we can definitely store the species and save them in that way . "
According to recent research , one of the world 's most important concentrations of coral - the so - called Coral Triangle in South East Asia - could be destroyed by climate change before the end of this century with significant impacts on food security and livelihoods .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A body was found this morning in a Denver alleyway , the second discovery in two days .
A passerby discovered the body at about 10:30 a.m. today in the alley on the 4300 block between York and Josephine Streets , said Sonny Jackson , a Denver Police Department spokesman .
The victim was found dead at the scene and police are investigating it as a homicide , Jackson said .
Police did not release the name of the victim , or details on the manner of death .
On Wednesday , just before 7 a.m. , a man ’s body was found in an alley behind 3376 Blake St. about a dozen blocks east of Coors Field .
It too is being investigated as a homicide .
The man found on Wednesday was shot , police said .
They have not released his name .
There are no suspects in either of the alleyway homicides , police did not comment on whether they ’re related .
Anyone with information on either of the cases , who may have heard or saw anything suspicious in the areas , is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 720- 913 - STOP ( 7867 ) .
Kieran Nicholson : 303-954-1822 or knicholson@denverpost.com .
They ca n’t extract secret terrorist plots yet , but Utah bioengineers have implanted a brain chip in human test subjects that enables researchers to download brain data onto hard drives .
The team working with the chip is hoping to make immediate improvements in the lives of people with epilepsy , paralysis or blindness , but say the chips may one day enable brain - native Internet browsing or most any other function currently possible with a computer .
The Utah Electrode Array ’s purpose is analogous to a modem :
It relays data from the brain to a computer , and vice - versa .
It may soon enable thought control of bionic limbs like Luke Skywalker ’s in Star Wars and , further in the future , may help the blind to see .
Neural Engineering Lab supervisor and University of Utah assistant professor Bradley Greger describes the chip as “ a platform technology that is going to enable many , many new things . ”
With a grant from the National Institutes of Health , Greger and dozens of other scientists are pioneering brain - computing technology .
Greger , who described himself and his colleagues as “ neuro - geeks and science - fiction fans , ” says it ’s fun to talk about sci- fi fantasies like brainnative Internet , but they ’re focused on life - changing advancements that can help patients now .
The chip ’s most impressive feat to date is demonstrated by quadriplegic patients “ thought typing ” and manipulating a computer cursor with brain waves only .
But , Greger says , “ If you can get a link to a computer , then you ’ve got the whole world . ”
The Internet ’s vast knowledge and tools could be just a thought away .
Foreign language translation , photographic memory and brain - data backup could become a reality with use of more advanced chips .
Greger ’s not confident that he will live to see brain - native Internet access , but he hopes at least one seemingly sci-fi chip advancement will be accomplished within his lifetime : creating or restoring rudimentary vision to the blind .
The chip is smaller than a dime and implanted in only about 15 people worldwide — some only temporarily .
It was invented in 1997 by U of U bioengi neering professor Richard A. Normann and manufactured by Salt Lake City ’s Blackrock Microsystems , a U of U startup .
Though the chip is a decade old , the device only recently gained U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval for human trials .
Brown University researchers have implanted the Utah array in seven paralyzed patients who are using the chip to “ thought type . ”
U of U researchers have implanted the chip in four others to study the causes of epilepsy and to gather data for the brain - control of prosthetic limbs .
Greger says another four or five epilepsy patients have received the brain chip at Columbia University — and that ’s it .
“ This is the only human - approved device of this type , ” Greger says .
“ These are the very earliest human trials . ”
The current chip is “ wired . ”
That is , patients ’ brains must be physically “ plugged in ” to a computer to harness its powers .
Blackrock has a wireless prototype planned for submission to the FDA in the coming years , however .
Removing the wires is important because wired devices leave an exposure of the brain to the outside world , creating a risk of infection .
But wireless communications present significant engineering problems .
The brain produces so much data even for simple tasks — like controlling one arm — that transmitting wirelessly is not possible with current wireless modem technology of any size .
Improving wireless transmission , then shrinking that capacity into a tiny chip , may take decades , Greger says .
The wireless modem also needs a power source , but Greger says transmitting power to the chip may be possible wirelessly in the future as well .
Medical ethicists contacted by City Weekly declined to comment on the Utah Electrode Array , stating they are unfamiliar with its capabilities .
Greger admits ethical issues will need to be addressed as the technology advances .
What becomes of privacy in the brain - computing future ?
And should anyone who wants a brain chip be eligible for one , or must a patient have a medical need ?
Greger ’s not worried about those issues yet because advancements thus far have come so slowly .
“ I ’m not worried about anyone invading neural privacy yet , ” Greger says .
The Utah patients are volunteers already scheduled to receive brain surgery for treatment of epilepsy .
The U of U neurosurgeons implant the chip on the section of the brain known to cause seizures .
Over the course of several days , they collect data during seizures .
Then the chip comes out .
At Brown , the chip is left in , patients go home , and they have someone — usually a research assistant — plug in their brains when they want to thought - type an e-mail or play Solitaire .
They know basically how the chip reads the brain data — electrons travel over platinum wires — but they ca n’t say precisely how or why the brain “ learns ” to use it .
“ After a length of implantation the brain starts to use this and the control gets better with time , ” says Kyle Thomson , a graduate student on Greger ’s team , “ not because the electrode got better or the decodes got better , but simply because the brain got better and says , ‘ I want to use this .
We ’re going to use it , no matter what . ’ ”
Once implanted , the brain chip uploads a terabyte of brain data every 46 hours , the equivalent of about 1,500 fulllength movies .
That ’s only a tiny fraction of the brain ’s total data , but it ’s as much at the Utah array ’s 100 electrodes can collect .
A better chip with more electrodes would provide more data .
Downloading the brain data is the easy part , Greger says , but no one understands very well the brain ’s language of “ voltage signals in a funny hybrid of analog and digital signals . ”
They can tell from the brain data whether the patient says “ yes ” versus “ no ” or moved a right arm versus a left , but that ’s almost the extent of their understanding .
A mathematical algorithm that makes sense of the brain ’s language , Greger says , probably will earn someone a Nobel Prize when it is discovered .
Related :
Audio : An Interview with Neural Engineering Lab supervisor Bradley Greger
More photos by Bryan Jones , a researcher at the Neural Engineering Lab
U of U published research on brain data using a device similar to Utah Array
Kellogg 's will use laser to burn logo on to individual corn flakes to stamp out fakes
According to the advertising slogan , if you see Kellogg 's on the box then you know it 's Kellogg 's in the box .
But now the company has become so concerned about similarly packaged supermarket cereals , it has developed a laser to burn its logo on to individual Corn Flakes .
The concentrated beam of light creates a toasted appearance without changing the taste .
A proportion of Kellogg 's flakes will be branded with the trademark using a laser
Kellogg 's will produce a number of trial batches before considering whether to put some branded flakes into each box to guarantee authenticity .
If the system is successful it could be used on Kellogg 's other best - loved brands including Frosties , Special K , Crunchy Nut and Bran Flakes .
Kellogg 's embarked on the project to reinforce that they do n't make cereals for any other companies and to fire a shot across the bows of makers of ' fake flakes ' .
Helen Lyons , lead food technologist at the company , said : ' In recent years there has been an increase in the number of own brands trying to capitalise on the popularity of Kellogg 's corn flakes .
' We want shoppers to be under absolutely no illusion that Kellogg 's does not make cereal for anyone else .
The new corn flakes will have a toasted appearance that wo n't change the taste , according to Kellogg's
' We 're constantly looking at new ways to reaffirm this and giving our golden flakes of corn an official stamp of approval could be the answer .
' We 've established that it is possible to apply a logo or image onto food , now we need to see if there is a way of repeating it on large quantities of our cereal .
We 're looking into it .'
The company also released figures which show sales of Kellogg 's Corn Flakes have risen in 2009 as shoppers with limited budgets opt for recognised brands .
A staggering 128 billion bowls of Kellogg 's Corn Flakes are eaten worldwide every year in countries as far afield as Guatemala , Japan , Argentina and India .
And 2.8 million bowls of Kellogg 's Corn Flakes are eaten in the UK every day - that 's one billion a year .
The firm 's Manchester factory is also the biggest Corn Flake production line in the world and churns out cereals 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
Kellogg 's Corn Flakes were also the first cereal to land on the Moon - as the breakfast of choice for the crew on board Apollo 11 .
This footage was taken in the Route 66 Kitchen in Toledo on Thursday .
No one was hurt - apparently due to just abysmal aim by the shooters - but it looks like kind of a shitty night was had by all .
Paramount Pictures says that , in the months following the theatrical release of Star Trek , the media company tracked more than five million IP addresses that downloaded one of six camcorded copies of the movie .
The first was in Russian , but it was followed by editions from the Philippines , the Ukraine , Spain , Germany , and finally the United States .
Who does Paramount blame for this ?
Pretty much the entire Internet , it seems , including google.com , youtube.com , Microsoft 's bing.com , yahoo.com , and , of course , millions of ' Net users .
" Just five years ago , one had to be computer literate and exceedingly patient to pirate movies , " Paramount wrote to the Federal Communications Commission on Friday .
" Today , literally anyone with an internet connection can do it .
Clunky websites are being replaced by legitimate looking and legitimate feeling pirate movie websites , a perception enhanced by the presence of premium advertisers and subscription fees processed by major financial institutions . "
Piracy , Paramount warns , " has advanced from geek to sleek . "
All the more reason why content providers " must have the legal and regulatory flexibility to use technological tools in partnership with Internet service providers to stem the tide of online copyright theft . "
The letter does not elaborate on what kind of " technological tools " Paramount would like to use .
Do n't mean much without content
Oddly , the media company has filed these comments with the FCC 's request for feedback on its National Broadband Plan , which the agency must write and hand over to Congress by mid-February .
The Notice of Inquiry , which the FCC released in April , says the plan will focus on " the build - out and utilization of high - speed broadband infrastructure . "
But the Motion Picture Association of America , of which Paramount is a member , argues that it is content that drives the urge for broadband .
The Commission gave the MPAA an audience for this argument at an FCC broadband workshop held this summer titled " The Role of Content in the Broadband Ecosystem . "
There Dan Glickman of MPAA pressed the thesis .
" You can't have good connections , good pipes , good delivery systems that mean anything unless you have good content that people like , " he explained .
" And the reverse is true .
All the good content in the world do n't [ sic ] mean much if you can't find a delivery system to pipe it through .
And you have to provide the incentives for both to be able to continue their work . "
" Incentives " is probably a euphemism for copyright policing , of course .
We 'll get back to this content - moves - the - Internet theory later , but first , let 's look at Paramounts ' version of how Star Trek was purloined by a cast of millions .
Piracy propagation
Paramount 's filing includes a tracking chart of all the different bootlegged editions of Star Trek that the company says made their way across the global film market ( the image is a little difficult to follow unless you expand it to about 33.3 percent ) .
The studio released the film worldwide on May 8 .
That very day a Russian language theater - goer camcorded a copy and premiered it on the Internet , the studio explains .
It was n't a high quality product , but soon other trekkies recorded a better soundtrack from theaters , and merged it with the Russian effort .
Various translations then made their way across Europe and the Far East , until a superior Ukrainian edition surpassed them all and became the dominant bootleg edition .
By September , very high quality pay - per- view versions and ripped DVD copies were available in English , Italian , French , German , and Russian .
As of the third week of that month , 5,320,000 downloads or views had been served via 73,625 URLs , Paramount estimates .
The studio says it came to its five million plus illegal downloads estimate via a " forensic technology " provided by the BayTSP content tracking company .
Paramount contends that the number may be higher , because BayTSP does not track video streams .
" Streaming video is particularly appealing to consumers , as hulu.com and youtube.com have learned , " the movie maker warns , " and that appeal has been exploited by sophisticated criminal syndicates now operating professional - quality but illegal websites . "
The bad guys
But Paramount 's FCC letter does n't just blame " illegal websites " for the Star Trek diaspora .
Its taxonomy of scofflaws lists Google , Yahoo , and Bing right up there with minova.org , rapidshare.com , and megaupload.com .
Why are they included in the mix ?
Paramount says its rogues gallery can be divided into six groups of scoundrels : " aggregators " like zml.com ; " cyberlockers " that allow users to upload files to URLs , then share them on Facebook and Twitter ; " leech sites " that facilitate links to content ; and , of course , " user generated sites " and " p2p " apps like BitTorrent and Limewire .
" Search engines " like Google and company , however , are n't innocent by - standers , Paramount warns , because they " provide quick and easy access to pirated movies through keyword searching , and in some case , sponsored search results . "
All in all , almost a third of the top 100 websites ranked by Alexa serve up pirated content in some way , Paramount contends .
Anyone can do it
Then , of course , there 's John and Jane Q. broadband user .
Paramounts ' letter includes a " geek to sleek " chart that notes that while , back in the day , only " computer literate " individuals could pinch copyrighted content , now " anyone " can do it .
And , while early exchange sites had a " clear sense of piracy , " now they sport a " legitimate look and feel . "
It 's not hard to sense where this is going — calls for the FCC and Congress to let studios form partnership with ISPs to unleash the cyberdogs of copyright war : deep packet drones , lawyer - bots , takedown ninjas , and whatever other digital wedgie - deliverer a vendor premiers at the next MPAA technology show .
And so , concludes Paramount , the FCC's National Broadband Plan " can only serve as a successful road map for ubiquitous broadband if the government recognizes the vital role that high quality , high value content plays in driving adoption of new technologies . "
Thus , copyright theft surveillance becomes synonymous with national broadband planning .
" The prevalence of pirated material online provides a strong disincentive for investment in motion pictures and other professional video content , which are well - understood to be key drivers of broadband adoption . "
Is content king ?
But analysts disagree as to how " key " content really is in the broadband adoption equation .
University of Minnesota digital technology scholar Andrew Odlyzko warns that the " content is king " stance is essentially a myth .
It is n't content that drives Internet adoption , he argues , it 's connectivity among users .
The balance of worldwide telco revenue ( perhaps as much as 80 percent ) , Odlyzko notes , still comes from voice .
" And the bulk of the remainder is from other connectivity services ( such as texting , or , to the extent one can allocate revenues from Internet access , from email ) . "
Indeed , wireless data revenues come " overwhelmingly " from texting , he adds .
" Connectivity has always been valued far more than content . "
Still , Odlyzko thinks that the ' content is king ' myth will dominate decision making about broadband , both at the business and government level .
And that 's certainly where Paramount 's Star Trek letter is going .
" The flood of stolen content currently available online , " the studio warns , " including every major theatrical film within hours of release — poses an immediate threat to the motion picture industry , which in 2007 supported 2.5 million jobs , $ 41.1 billion in wages , and had a trade surplus of $ 13.6 billion . "
The FCC will clearly be pressured to incorporate some sort of copyright policing into its broadband plan .
But the bigger fight may occur if studios pick a fight with members of the private sector : the search engines .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The High Court has ruled that US intelligence documents containing details of the alleged torture of a former UK resident can be released .
Ethiopian - born Binyam Mohamed , 31 , who spent four years in Guantanamo Bay , claims British authorities colluded in his torture while he was in Morocco .
The UK government denies allegations of collusion and says it will appeal against the court 's judgement .
It had stopped judges publishing the claims on national security grounds .
US State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the US government was " not pleased " by the court 's decision .
The key document in the case is a summary of abuse allegations that US intelligence officers shared with their counterparts in London .
Any publication of the material will be delayed until an appeal takes place .
When the High Court gave its original judgement on the case last year , a seven paragraph summary of Mr Mohamed 's torture claims was removed on the orders of Foreign Secretary David Miliband .
BINYAM MOHAMED
Detained in Pakistan in 2002 , questioned there by MI5 officer Transferred to Morocco , claims he was tortured in US custody and asked questions supplied by MI5 Later interned in Guantanamo Bay and eventually released in 2009
Send us your comments
Mr Miliband argued that releasing the material would threaten Britain 's national security because future intelligence sharing with the US could be compromised .
But Lord Justice Thomas and Mr Justice Lloyd Jones ruled that the risk to national security was " not a serious one " and there was " overwhelming " public interest in disclosing the material .
' Deep objection '
Their judgement was also delayed on Friday because MI5 insisted part of it - explaining why there was such a significant public interest in the case - should be redacted .
Responding to the ruling , Mr Miliband told the BBC the court had " fundamentally misunderstood " the key principle of intelligence sharing .
" We have no objection to this material being published by the appropriate authorities , in this case the United States , " he said .
ANALYSIS By Dominic Casciani , home affairs correspondent , BBC News
This judgement is part of the high - stakes political poker game surrounding what we can and cannot know about the intelligence agencies that act in our name .
They share information confidentially to save lives and co-ordinate a strategy against enemies like al - Qaeda , but the government says they do n't do so thinking it will be made public .
The High Court insists the seven key paragraphs it wants to publish are in no way damaging to national security .
And it 's worth noting that the judges have not ordered the release of 42 other documents in the case .
This ruling looks unprecedented because it strongly defends the public 's right to know and says ministers cannot hide away sensitive allegations of wrongdoing .
But the reality is more nuanced because the court has not overruled the interests of national security .
The ball is back in the government 's court .
" What I do have a very deep objection to is the idea that a British court should publish American secrets - in the same way that I would have a deep objection if an American court started publishing British secrets . "
Mr Miliband said the government stood " firmly against torture and cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment " , but he vowed to continue to challenge the court 's ruling " in the strongest possible terms " .
The US also denies any allegations of torture concerning Mr Mohamed and a former senior official in the Bush administration told the BBC releasing the material would have an " enormous chilling effect " on US - UK relations .
' Dirty work '
Mr Mohamed , who once lived in north Kensington , London , was first detained in Pakistan in 2002 .
He was questioned there by an MI5 officer before being transferred to Morocco .
He says while in US custody in Morocco he was tortured at the behest of the CIA and asked questions supplied by British intelligence agency MI5 .
Mr Mohamed was later transferred to Guantanamo Bay and eventually released in February this year .
Before Friday 's judgment , Mr Mohamed told BBC the material should be released .
It is irrational to pretend that evidence of torture should be classified as a threat to national security
Clive Stafford - Smith
Binyam Mohamed 's lawyer
He said : " The public needs to know what their government has been up to for the last seven years .
" There 's information in there , which I 'm 99 % sure , states that the US sub - contracted the UK government to do its dirty work . "
Clive Stafford - Smith , Mr Mohamed 's lawyer and director of human rights charity Reprieve , said the government was " trying to conflate national security with national embarrassment " .
" The judges have made clear what we have said all along - it is irrational to pretend that evidence of torture should be classified as a threat to national security , " he said .
" Rather , it is proof of a crime committed against Binyam Mohamed , and as such it should be fully aired in a court of law . "
' Serious questions '
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague said it was " for the US administration to decide whether or not these paragraphs should be released " .
" However , there are still serious questions about the British government 's handling of Binyam Mohamed 's case , and the foreign secretary 's inability to convince the court that in this particular case the government 's policy is right , " he said .
HIGH COURT RULING Summary Full judgement
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman Ed Davey said the court was right to argue that publication would not jeopardise British - American security co-operation .
" The foreign secretary is in danger of putting his own judgement about the security services above the rule of law and democracy , " he added .
Ex - shadow home secretary David Davis - who first raised the case in the House of Commons - said it was " time for the government to accept the ruling of the court and stop trying to delay proceedings with further futile appeals " .
Mr Davis added : " The British public have a right to know the judges ' assessment of the extent of complicity of the UK and US intelligence services in torture , and to determine for themselves why the government has tried for so long to cover up this assessment . "
Liberty Shami Chakrabarti said the government " should be shamed " by the ruling , adding : " Our courts should be gagged no longer and the crucial incriminating paragraphs published without delay . "
In March , Attorney General Baroness Scotland confirmed the police would investigate whether an MI5 officer had been complicit in the alleged torture of Mr Mohamed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google Sued Over Patents On Open Source Code
from the bad - reporting dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've discussed in the past how reporters often contribute to misconceptions about the patent system and patent disputes .
They commonly report that those sued for infringement are accused of " copying " or " taking " an invention from another company , when it 's much more common for infringement lawsuits to involve independent invention .
Now we 've got another example .
Red Bend Software is the latest in a long list of companies suing Google for patent infringement , claiming that Google violates its patent 6,546,552 on " difference extraction between two versions of data - tables containing intra-references .
" Specifically , Red Bend claims that Google 's Chrome browser violates this patent by including an algorithm , called Courgette , that lets Google push compressed software updates .
Of course , plenty of companies have come up with various ways to push compressed software updates over the years , so I 'm at a loss as to why it requires a patent ... but that 's a different issue .
The problem here is the reporting on this lawsuit by Mass High Tech and reporter Galen Moore .
First , he claims that this lawsuit suggests Google 's " open - source Chrome browser is n't so open source after all . "
Huh ?
I 've read that sentence over and over again and I can't figure out how a patent dispute would mean that Chrome is n't open source .
This kind of reporting suggests that a patent simply wipes out the type of license covering a software .
The second questionable bit is in talking about how Red Bend ( like plenty of patent holders putting forth lawsuits ) is claiming willful infringement , which gives a company triple damages if found to be true .
So what 's the evidence of " willful infringement . "
A claim that " Google has known about the conflicting patent since September 7 . "
September 7th ?
That 's a month and a half ago .
The patent was issued in 2003 .
And Courgette was first used in July .
It 's difficult to see how anyone could claim with a straight face willful infringement when you just informed them of your patent , and that happened after the software was already in use .
You do n't even need to know much about patents to at least point these facts out .
But , of course , you would n't know any of that from the article .
Instead , your average reader would likely read this , thinking that Google somehow " took " this invention from Red Bend and that somehow negates Google 's " open source " license on Chrome .
Filed Under : open source , patents , reporting
Companies : google , red blend
South African officials have stepped up their defence of Caster Semenya , warning of a " third world war " if the row over her sex stops her competing .
The 18 - year - old 800 m world champion has had medical tests following doubts about whether she is actually female .
South Africa 's sports minister , the Reverend Makhenkesi Stofile , said : " Caster is a woman , she remains our heroine .
We must protect her . "
BBC Sport understands tests are likely to show Semenya has an intersex status .
That means that although she has been brought up as a girl and lives as a woman , she may prove to have both male and female sex characteristics .
South Africans give their views on the latest twist in Semenya 's story
In pictures
Athletics world governing body the IAAF is still analysing the results of Semenya 's tests and wants to discuss them with the athlete .
It has indicated that she is unlikely to be asked to return the gold medal she won in Berlin , but questions remain over her future in women 's sport .
Asked what would happen if she was barred from competition , Stofile said : " I think it would be the third world war .
" We ( would ) go to the highest levels in contesting such a decision .
I think it would be totally unfair and totally unjust .
" Neither Caster nor her family deserves this humiliation .
None of them have done anything wrong .
And we appeal that they be left alone .
" We have referred the matter to our lawyers to see how best her rights and interests can be protected . "
Stofile was speaking after media reports in Australia claimed a source had revealed that Semenya 's test results showed her to be a hermaphrodite - someone who has some or all of the primary sex characteristics of both men and women .
GORDON FARQUHAR'S BLOG
How and who should decide in these cases whether the person be considered a woman or a man ?
But South Africa 's athletics president Leonard Chuene told the Star newspaper : " The IAAF told us this week that the tests are inconclusive and they could not give us the results just yet .
" So I really do not know where the Australia media got this latest one from . "
National Assembly 's sports committee chairman Butana Komphela added : " Someone is guilty of leaking her confidential medical information to Australian newspapers . "
However , IAAF spokesman Nick Davies said : " The statements should be treated with caution as they are not official statements by the IAAF .
" We have received the results from Germany , but they now need to be examined by a group of experts and we will not be in a position to speak to the athlete about them for at least a few weeks .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" After that , depending on the results , we will meet privately with the athlete to discuss further action . "
The IAAF has confirmed it will not comment further on Semenya until after the IAAF council meeting in Monaco on 20 - 21 November .
BBC sports news correspondent Gordon Farquhar said : " It 's likely that she has some hermaphroditic or intersex condition .
" We already know that she has testosterone levels that are three times higher than those normally expected in a female .
" It 's a serious issue and the athlete has to be told the implications .
" There are three possible outcomes from the expert 's discussions : that the condition does not give her a competitive advantage ; the condition gives her a competitive advantage , which cannot be treated ; or most likely , the condition can be treated in some way if she consents to it , and in time she can return to competition . "
" The IAAF has to weigh the interest of the athlete , an apparently innocent victim in this , with its responsibility to ensure fair competition . "
Semenya won the 800 m title in Berlin in August in the fastest time of the year , one minute , 55.45 seconds , 2.5 seconds ahead of Kenya 's 2007 champion Janeth Jepkosgei .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Modern wedding cakes and creative cake designs from around the world .
TiVo Wedding Cake
As part of their television - themed wedding , Tina and Andy Szeto have ordered a culinary homage to their favorite DVR .
Zelda Wedding Cake
Fun wedding cake design inspired by the original Legend Of Zelda .
Internet Dating Wedding Cake
One couple decided to take the advent of their Internet meeting and wedding to the extreme level by baking two laptop - shaped wedding cakes and placing their profiles on the screens .
Tetris Wedding Cake
This cake was given to a Tetris fan by his sister who left empty spaces so that he would have to solve the puzzle before cutting the cake .
Star Wars Wedding Cake
Perfect wedding cake design for any Star Wars fanatic .
LEGO Wedding Cake
Amazing wedding cake design inspired by regular LEGO bricks .
Super Mario Wedding Cake
Entire cake was edible except for the Mario and Princess on top .
Cheeseburger Wedding Cake
Two fast food addicts celebrated their marriage with their dream wedding cake – a 42lb cheeseburger .
DeLorean Wedding Cake
Wedding cake design inspired by the Back to the Future trilogy .
Apple Logo Wedding Cake
Beautiful chocolate flavored wedding cake with an Apple logo .
Shrek Wedding Cake
Creative wedding cake inspired a 2001 computer - animated movie .
Discworld Wedding Cake
Wedding cake inspired by a fantasy book series by Terry Pratchett , set on the Discworld , a flat world balanced on the backs of four elephants which , in turn , stand on the back of a giant turtle , Great A’Tuin .
Pac -Man Wedding Cake
Cool Pac - Man inspired wedding cake designed by Renee White .
Gamer ’s Wedding Cake
The bottom layer is Xbox 360 , the middle layer is PS2 , the next layer is regular Xbox and the top layer is the limited edition ‘ Legend of Zelda ’ gold GameCube .
For more inspiration , check out : 12 Creative and Unusual Cakes
一部でMVC議論が流行っていたので、自分のためにSmalltalk由来のMVC(以下、一般化してGUI-MVCと呼びます)
はWeb-MVCとどう違うか ? という点についてまとめて見ました。突っ込みは歓迎。
あと本稿ではドメインモデル貧血症批判とかは全く盛り込まない。それは少し違うレイヤーの話なんです。
0. VCは大抵の場合、緊密に結びついたペアである GUI -MVCではView - Controller (以下VCペア)は不可分のペアだとされています。情報の入力(および制御)と出力ですから、お互い強く依存するのはあたりまえですね。MicrosoftのMFCとかJavaのSwingではVCはひとつのコンポーネントとして扱っています(Document-Viewパターンとも呼ばれます)
ただ、この点について はWeb-MVCでもそんなに変わらないかも。
1. GUI -MVCのView-Controllerペアは単位が違う 先ほど述べたようにGUI-MVCのVCペアは、ある種のコンポーネント、画面の部品です。リストデータ( Model)を表示するListView+Controllerとか、表形式のデータを表示するTableView+Controllerとか。WebではMVCは一画面ごとにVCペアを割り当てたりしますが、GUI-MVCではもっと細かい部品の単位でVCペアが存在します。 これはWeb-MVCとはかなり違うところです。Webの世界では「一画面」より小さい画面部品は実質存在しないから同等なのだ!
みたいな頓知解答は、この場合不適切ですね。
3. GUI -MVCのVCペアは汎用コンポーネントを目指す
Web-MVCではModelの再利用性ばかり宣伝されますが、GUI-MVCではVCペア自体の再利用性も重視されます。コンポーネントなんだから再利用したいですよね。
VCペアを毎回特定のモデル向けに実装するのではなく、VCペアが自分に適合するインタフェースを持つモデルだけ扱うようにします。いちいちVCペアを継承して実装したりせずに再利用可能になります。Smalltalk界隈ではプラガブルMVCと呼ばれるものです。 ただしModel自体の再利用性を高めるという当初の目的には矛盾しそうですね。この問題に対象するためにSmalltalk界隈ではMMVCと呼ばれるMVCの改良版のパターンが考案されました。Modelを、ApplicationModelとDomainModelに分割するという方式です。プラガブルMVCの実現にはMMVCが不可欠というのが俺の理解です。(あってるだろうか? ) 。
JavaのSwingでも、例えばJTableはTableModelインターフェースを実装したモデルを要求します。開発者は、TableModelを実装したApplicationModelを開発し、それがDomainModelにアクセスするというやり方で対処しています。つまりAdapterパターンですね。
4. GUI -MVCではObserverパターンを利用することが多い
これはみんな知ってることだから長々書きませんが、、Modelの変更をViewに反映させるために、Observerパターンを利用することが多いです。また複数のVCペアから構成されるような複雑なコンポーネントが矛盾なくリアルタイムで情報を表示させるためには、ObserverとかMediatorパターンをフル活用する必要があります。(GoF本にそういう例が載ってましたね)
Bose - Einstein Condensate
Summary
A Bose–Einstein condensate ( BEC ) is a state of matter of a dilute gas of weakly interacting bosons confined in an external potential and cooled to temperatures very near to absolute zero .
Under such conditions , a large fraction of the bosons collapse into the lowest quantum state of the external potential , and all wave functions overlap each other , at which point quantum effects become apparent on a macroscopic scale .
The atoms undergo an “ identity crisis ” at extremely low temperatures .
They display wave like properties and eventually start overlapping each other .
Bin Laden has avoided capture since the 2001 attacks on the US An audio message purportedly by al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been released on an Islamist website .
The message , entitled " a statement to the American people " , was about 10 minutes long and was accompanied by a still image of Bin Laden but no video .
In the message , a voice tells the US president that he is " powerless " to stop the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The message comes just two days after the US marked the eighth anniversary of the 11 September attacks on America .
' No real change '
In the recording , the voice discusses what motivated the al - Qaeda network to launch the 11 September attacks .
He explained that they were , in part , fuelled by US support for Israel .
" The time has come for you to liberate yourselves from fear and the ideological terrorism of neo-conservatives and the Israeli lobby , " the voice in the tape says .
" The reason for our dispute with you is your support for your ally Israel , occupying our land in Palestine . "
The voice believed to be Bin Laden also speaks of how the conflict between al - Qaeda and the US may end .
" If you stop the war , then fine .
Otherwise we will have no choice but to continue our war of attrition on every front [...]
If you choose safety and stopping wars , as opinion polls show you do , then we are ready to respond to this , " it says .
In the message , the al - Qaeda leader accuses the new president of failing to fundamentally change foreign policy because of his decision to retain key figures from the previous administration , including Defence Secretary Robert Gates .
" If you think about your situation well , you will know that the White House is occupied by pressure groups , " he says .
Bin Laden is thought to be hiding in mountainous terrain on the Afghanistan - Pakistan border .
In his last known message , in June , Bin Laden had said that US President Barack Obama had planted the seeds of " revenge and hatred " towards the US in the Muslim world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - A Vancouver - area man has learned that if driving erratically in a clown suit is not enough to signal intoxication , then crashing into a police car certainly is .
A police officer in suburban West Vancouver was searching for suspects involved in a reported fight early on Sunday when he spotted a man , later found to be wearing a brightly colored clown costume , driving at him on the wrong side of the road .
The officer stopped his own car and turned on its emergency lights to warn the other driver , who nonetheless crashed head - on into the cruiser at 20 - 30 km per hour ( 12 - 19 mph ) .
There were no injuries .
A 29 - year - old man is facing charges including impaired driving .
He “ will have some explaining to do in court , ” police said in a statement .
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Tea Party Express II : Rise of the Tea Bags ' "
( 91 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/28/2009 @ 7:35 am PT ...
I just noticed , the bus( es ) only travel to wingnut states , they stay out of the Midwest and Northeast .
Northern Montana straight down to Texas , lol Gotta stop that healthcare reform ... pfft Good job Brad on the video BTW
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... sergesret said on 10/28/2009 @ 9:09 am PT ...
The depth to which these Teabaggers are deluded is astonishing and depressing .
They really , really scare me .
Great work making this video though .
Perhaps if you were on the network news there would be a little less of this pervasive misinformation so much in evidence amongst these people .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 10/28/2009 @ 9:22 am PT ...
Great Stuff , Brad !
And you really have that straight man bit down !
We want a regular BradCast !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... planetxan said on 10/28/2009 @ 9:33 am PT ...
It really fascinates me to listen to people who do n't know what they are protesting .
You ask all the right questions , like , " What 's an example ? " or " Can you be specific ? " I hope you do more of these .
I can't wait until they run into the " Billionaires for Wealthcare . "
That is going to be a super fun time .
Too bad they 're not coming through my blue state .
btw .
I noticed my taxes went down around April .
I get about $ 30 more per cheque .
That 's about $ 780 per year - more than the cheque I got from Bush ( $ 600 ) .
Maybe you should ask them if they have looked at their cheques and noticed a difference .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/28/2009 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Hiarious and brilliant display of detachment and equanimity on your part , Brad .
I so admire that you can do that .
Also , very funny , especially when you 're facing the camera while interviewing that guy and you keep being so enthusiastic about the litany of freedoms ( we never actually get to hear ) this guy 's gonna tell us that have been taken away .
Welcome to the monkeyhouse .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 10/28/2009 @ 10:18 am PT ...
The level of ignorance and delusion on the right - wing is crazy scary .
These people have no idea what they are pissed about , they 're just pissed .
Well , they 're pissed because Democrats are in power , despite the fact that we have some pretty pro-corporate Democrats in office these days .
And these people vote .. and think it's " their country " ..
Majority and elections be damned , right ?
excellent videos , Brad !
.
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/28/2009 @ 10:52 am PT ...
I know time is limited , should have dubbed a little of this in when the bus arrived
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Dble T said on 10/28/2009 @ 10:54 am PT ...
That was excellent work Brad !
More news organizations should follow your lead and interview the nutbags .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... marzi said on 10/28/2009 @ 11:05 am PT ...
Great job , Brad .
You show the tea - baggers inconsistencies .
I happened to be in DC during the Tea Bag rally and it was huge , bigger than the press reported .
People flew in from all over .
There were varying types of people - some educated and fed up and others proudly working class .
There were signs like - Hillbillies against Government Healthcare , etc .
There were also some racist signs against Obama .
One person had a sign - Against all personal income tax .
Many had enough money to stay in the DC hotels so they could afford their own insurance .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce said on 10/28/2009 @ 11:39 am PT ...
Nobody can tell the story like you .
Keep up the good work .
You should have you own show on one of these so called news stations .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 10/28/2009 @ 12:17 pm PT ...
" The busses only travel to wing - nut states ... "
Wrong .
One bus is coming to Oregon this Friday .
( Well , Oregon is a bit of a left - wingnut state , but you get the picture . )
Unfortunately , I will be working that afternoon , so I wo n't be able to show up and voice my support .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Matthew said on 10/28/2009 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
I could only stand 3 minutes before it hurt too much watching America 's uneducated underbelly sound like fools .
I wanted to wretch .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/28/2009 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
Thanks for the nice words , guys .
BTW , the tea baggers are likely to vote this into oblivion over on REDDIT , etc .
Please DIGG , REDDIT , vote up wherever u can .
It takes a second only , and often results in thousands more ( at least ! ) getting the word ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 10/28/2009 @ 12:52 pm PT ...
Great job Brad you should do more of these .
These teabaggers are easy marks .
BTW what is that about 2 to 3 Million teabaggers there ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/28/2009 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
Check this out : Dems : CIA may have misled Congress five times since 2001 The CIA may have misled Congress at least five times since 2001 , two Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee said Tuesday .
Intelligence subcommittee Chairwomen Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill . ) ................
http://thehill.com//home...validated-by-intel-panel Ummmmmm ..... Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill . ) ring any bells ???
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/28/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
That teabagger bus is the " McCain Straight Talk Express " painted over , I can see the paint coming off ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... barbara cummings said on 10/28/2009 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
Comment # 4
The tea bag express DID meet the billionaires in San Diego http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_okVt2UdKZI
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/28/2009 @ 1:29 pm PT ...
Maybe lefties should follow that tour and educate the protesters about the solidly factual things they probably would be roaring louder over .
Some of them seem to be on part of the right track .
Maybe somebody should go in and explain exactly how much those " grassroots " busses cost .
Maybe everyone ought to start contemplating WHO has control of law enforcement .
Maybe Frank Schaeffer should be at those protests , explaining to them things like how " FNC " is preying on their belief system to twist facts .
I happen to have , by dint of pure existential happenstance , a pipeline into a rather large base of " village idiots " --- to use Schaeffer 's term --- and all of them want Single Payer ... they just start getting confused when you call that " government run " .
Since he had so much to do with developing tactics like this , I think he would be the ideal person to go to these events and start tuning them up about this problem .
I 'm glad there are people out protesting this administration , but I just wish they would have the facts and protest those .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/28/2009 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
And , you did n't have an uplink to the international space station ... or The Edge ... otherwise I 'm sure YouTube would have taken this global too .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... planetxan said on 10/28/2009 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
barbara cummings ,
Thanks .
That was brilliant .
" Let 'em die ! "
Never mind that insurance , by definition , is paying for someone else .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... don knuttel said on 10/28/2009 @ 4:10 pm PT ...
Good job Brad , I would like to know who these people are ?
My guess is that they are Liberterians and not Republicans .
Next time wear a Ron Paul shirt or a hat .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 10/28/2009 @ 4:18 pm PT ...
These interviews demonstrate why the Illuminati / New World Order own and run America .
They own are at the helm of control of the US corporate mass media , with their criminal lobbying groups , energy oil barons , multi-national bankers , defense contractors , and of course their politcal puppet sellouts ( like Obama ) .
The are the mass US killers .
The silent giant that has had their way for decades with the 300 million stupified medicated manipulated brainwashed robots who call themselves free Americans they use to fight in their wars .
I will say they waged bets using Wall Street stocks when the lying murderous Cheney - Bush Cheney White House and top Pentagon officials did the 9 - 11 attack .
Since they knew they would get away with 3000 American civilian murders , direct millions of tax dollars to their causes , and start 2 wars , they bet they could get away with it and then hid the identities to cover their tracks like the 9 - 11 Commission Report that does n't even mention World Trade Tower Building # 7 that was not hit by a plane and fell as a traditional demolition in 6.5 seconds .
Architects and Engineers will explain how 3 World Trade
Tower steel concrete buildings were turned into dust clouds and molten metal was documented running all 3 sites .
They present evidence to support controlled demolition of all 3 buildings in under 10 seconds using bombs and the partical signature of high tech military nano - thermate cutter charges has been positively identified .
www.ae911truth.org 80,000 New Yorkers signed a petition to have a vote for a new 9 - 11 independent investigation on the next NY ballot and NYC Mayor put an end to that with some bushit denial .
We the People have been hosed again by a corrupted official while the real murderers responsible stand to continue their illegal immoral wars while continuing to drive people and ethnic race against each other .
This after taking over land stolen from the indigenous American Indians who lived here for thousands of years .
Killing them off mainly with their white man 's diseases the brought with them from Europe .
And now they want to keep foreigners out .
ha hah ha ha ha
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/28/2009 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
Don Knuttel - I would like to know who these people are ?
My guess is that they are Liberterians and not Republicans Nope .
They were Republicans .
Dyed - in - the - wool .
The Libertarians are easy to spot , particularly after talking to them for about two seconds .
There were very few there .
I spoke to one who wanted to " End the Fed " ( she did n't make it into the final cut ) , but just about everyone else there was a Bush - lovin ' Repub , even when they had trouble admitting it ( at first , but a question or two wore down their fortress ) .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Barry said on 10/28/2009 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
We all know what teabagging is , putting certain parts of the mail anatomy in one 's mouth .
Brad , this homo - erotic bloggin ' has to stop .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 10/28/2009 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
I was literally laughing out loud during the first part .
Awesome work .
Those are the kinds of questions which show there is no substance to any of the Fox / Rush / Beck inspired hate of Obama , its just stupid ignorant hate .
The scary thing about it was how the police were very intent on the small group of pro-reform protesters .
That was a bit disturbing .
But what do they know anyway , they 're all socialist communists .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Bill Stone said on 10/28/2009 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
Touche !
A recent CIA report https://www.cia.gov/libr.../rankorder/2091rank.html shows how far the U.S. has fallen in regards to healthcare .
How can one not want reform ?
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/28/2009 @ 5:23 pm PT ...
Excellent , Brad .
As I 've said before , we are fighting some serious brainwashing .
Brad , you made a valiant effort to pry open the snapped - shut clamshell minds and let in a little fresh seawater to wash out the stale tea .
I loved " Both Sides : " approx .
30 cops on approx .
30 protestors because they were " yelling " at the Tea Party Express protesters , who were not yelling at them .
Hey , now we know , right ?
Good thing we had " Both Sides " to set us straight .
And who knew that Obama raised taxes on our grandchildren , and cut off Fox News , taking away our right to free speech ?
The things you learn when you report on both sides of an issue !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 10/28/2009 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
This short article helps explain some of the basis for the extremely out - of - touch views of the tea baggers .
Some nuggets : The Very Separate World of Conservative Republicans First and foremost , these conservative Republican voters believe Obama is deliberately and ruthlessly advancing a ‘ secret agenda ’ to bankrupt our country and dramatically expand government control over all aspects of our daily lives .
They view this effort in sweeping terms , and cast a successful Obama presidency as the destruction of the United States as it was conceived by our founders and developed over the past 200 years .
...
These conservative Republican base voters were not just shooting off half - cocked theories about conspiracies .
They actively believe President Obama is purposely lying about his plans for the country and what his policies would do , and that he is exaggerating the threats America faces in order to create support for his policies .
...
The notion that Obama ’s health care reforms represent a government takeover of all aspects of health care is an article of faith ; they reject as laughable the suggestion that it might not , pointing to his arguments to the contrary as further proof of his determination to lie and deceive to fulfill his ultimate agenda .
These are people who are essentially living in and clinging to a demonstrably false alternate reality .
Fascinating stuff .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... TLV said on 10/28/2009 @ 6:38 pm PT ...
You just made all of those tempestuous teabaggers " famous " by exposing their cluelessness .
I have no doubt they are very proud of their ignorance .
I wonder how they feel each time their dire predictions of what President Obama will do to THEIR freedoms does not come true .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... TLV said on 10/28/2009 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
I loved the way Brad kept giving the guy the chance to state what freedoms have been taken by Obama and the guy had NOTHING .
Nothing .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/28/2009 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
Good one Desi , I liked it .
This one I found recently called " Tentacles of Rage " shows the history of the messages and funding the 1 % ers used to get the ignorant thinking this way .
Most hilarious was a quote by Lionel Trilling , who said in 1950 ; " In the United States at this time , liberalism is not only the dominant but even the sole intellectual tradition . "
He went on to say that " there are no conservative or reactionary ideas in general circulation , " merely " irritable mental gestures which seek to resemble ideas . "
Man , does that ever fit today .
This article has to be one of the best ever describing the evil plot IMO .
This should be passed out at every Teabagger Convention to show them how they 've been duped .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 10/29/2009 @ 5:51 am PT ...
It really is sad that part one came as close to one of the best scripts I have ever seen on Saturday Night Live , I mean I was pissin myself laughing , great interviews , you really could n't of written the lines these people were coming at you with cause a writer would say to their - self , no , no one would ever say that , we need to make it more realistic .
This sure the fuck was real and that 's the scary reality of it all
Thanks Brad
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 7:15 am PT ...
The teabaggers are like the military : the most basic instinct people who are the most easily manipulated by the rich manipulators who need them to fight their wars for them .
Unthinking , never questioning anything , repeating things they 're told and doing what they 're told .
And there 's " X " amount of them in both the teabaggers and the military who actually think and question and leave both .
The teabaggers , as ALL videos have shown by anyone who actually interviews them instead of just " showing " them on TV , prove exactly that : they are repeating slogans handed to them by their rich manipulators without thinking , slogans that are factually incorrect .
Brad could 've shown us that the teabaggers were intelligent thinking people that made sense and we were all wrong about them , but as every video has shown of anyone who actually spoke with them instead of filmed them chanting en masse , they are simply chanting their rich manipulators ' slogans for them ... the same manipulators who get the military to fight for their $ $ $ off in other lands and have the military chant that they 're " fighting for our freedom " .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 7:18 am PT ...
On the other hand , in video 2 , Brad shows us that the pro-health care reform are what we suspected too : intelligent thinking people who , in some instances , instead of running their diarrhea of the mouth slogans handed to them without thinking and making fools of themselves , they say to Brad : " Who are you ?
What side are you on ?
What 's your mission ?
etc.... "
So , both sides are exactly what we thought , Brad 's videos and other videos continue to verify this .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 7:20 am PT ...
Brad proved it 's easy to make fools of the teabaggers , and NOT easy to make fools of the pro-health care people .
The teabaggers actually make fools of themselves , the rope Brad is giving them to hang themselves is the microphone .
Speak , and you could remove all doubt ... how does that saying go ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 7:55 am PT ...
Also , I went to a tea party in April in Wilkes - Barre , Pa. because it was next to where I work .
I witnessed the same thing , it was totally pro-Republican .
One guy was railing about the bailouts and I said that Bush / Paulson started them , and he said : " That is n't true , I did n't see that on the news . "
And there were a couple of kids there with pro-Obama signs and an older teabagger told them to get down on their knees and pray .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 10/29/2009 @ 8:35 am PT ...
The level of ignorance on display by these deluded tea baggers is scary .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Jason Weixelbaum said on 10/29/2009 @ 9:26 am PT ...
Fantastic video , Brad !
Keep up the good work !
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 9:46 am PT ...
And sites like Alex Jones are not telling the truth of what the actual videos show : these people are ignoramus scary cavemen who chant slogans for their rich manipulators .
Alex Jones portrays them as " patriots " so he does n't alienate them from buying his Alex Jones coffee mugs on his website .
TELL THE TRUTH , ALEX JONES !!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 9:53 am PT ...
Why is n't Alex Jones covering the real patriots : that small group chanting for health care reform .
You know , the ones being intimidated by the police in brad's video , which Alex Jones loves to point out ... but not in this case !
I guess they 're not buying his coffee mugs .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Lou Bruhn said on 10/29/2009 @ 10:09 am PT ...
I sincerely hope the Billionaires for Wealthcare plan counter - demonstrations at all of the scheduled stops of the Teabag Express , otherwise known as the Wandering Worried and Factually Challenged .
Maybe they could also bring signs to slip on those busses that asks " Who paid for this bus ? "
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... RobertM said on 10/29/2009 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Hilarious and brilliant , Brad .
Keep up the good work .
You make an excellent interviewer !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 10/29/2009 @ 11:44 am PT ...
huge new storage for warrentless wiretaps
http://www.thenewamerica...private-data-permanently
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 10/29/2009 @ 11:52 am PT ...
good job on your video brad , i watched the billionaire video too and the thing that struck me is ... the chick screaming , " let em die " has a cross around her neck , , , , this is exactly the opposite attitude of Jesus
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 10/29/2009 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
propellor has picked up your video ..... vote it up folks
http://www.propeller.com...=5635174#comment_5635174
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/29/2009 @ 1:55 pm PT ...
So much to be discussed .
So little time .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
I was thinking of a chant the pro-health care reformers could chant : they should chant for health care for the teabaggers ... I 'm serious !
Like , shout at the teabaggers : " YOU NEED HEALTH CARE , TOO !!! " or something like that .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/29/2009 @ 3:26 pm PT ...
There is not much that makes sense from the teabaggers and I agree they 're factually challenged .
But , to my way of thinking , to dismiss them as so many do is to exhibit a level of consciousness not much elevated from theirs .
It is making these people , as cuckoo as their positions may be , into another " them " .
I believe the challenge for those of us who disagree with them or ANYONE is to see them as human beings , to find common ground , and to build bridges .
I all too painfully realize this may be a quixotic mission but I do n't see anything else for it .
And I think we should revel in the challenge .
We have to find a way to somehow move FORWARD WITH these people .
THAT would be a revolution worthy of all .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/29/2009 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
David ( #48 ) , There will be no common ground until they have been deprogrammed .
They are as fanatical as any cult member .
How to deprogram them without kidnapping them , confining them and talking to them nonstop for 48 hours , I do n't know .
And I 'm not kidding ; wish I was .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/29/2009 @ 4:06 pm PT ...
Lora ,
I understand , believe me .
Was in a cult myself ( got kicked out ) .
Therefore , for me anyway , the creative challenge is to find conversation that facilitates or at least presents a possible doorway to , should they ever choose to open it , the deprogramming .
Not saying it 's easy or even possible .
Just saying that I suspect making the teabaggers into another " them " will bear about as much ( and about as tasty ) fruit as the teabaggers themselves harvest .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
David : I think we all agree with you .
It 's just that we 're coming to the conclusion that the majority of them may be a lost cause and a waste of time to convince them of what the truth is .
Like I said in one of my comments above , both the teabaggers and the military have " X " amount doing that : seeing the truth and speaking out against the group they 're leaving .
Some might say , there 's better things to use your time on , than wasting it on a hopeless cause .
They 're presented facts in their faces and still keep chanting their manipulators ' slogans for them .
What may help , is having the fairness act restored and having other opinions on the radio .
Where I live , it 's all rightwing on AM radio .
People do NOT get to hear other opinions other than rightwing on the radio .
Maybe that 's a bigger part of the problem than is being pointed out .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 10/29/2009 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
Your best post to date , perhaps .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/29/2009 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
Big Dan -
You are absolutely correct on the radio / media point you mention .
Precisely what I wrote about at Alternet a coupla weeks ago .
Shamefully , the Dems ( for the moment anywhere ) seem petrified to go anywhere near the issue .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/29/2009 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
Right wing talk radio is , I have no doubt , responsible for a good deal of the brainwashing .
I listened to some on a road trip a short time ago with only AM radio in the car , and I was appalled .
When I got home I deliberately listened to some more so as to anaylize their very successful psy-ops .
I happened upon a program about ( against ) a new regulation on food labelling .
In a very short space of time , here are some of the phrases I transcribed , typing as fast as I could , from listening to Hugh Hewitt on KRLA 10/21/09 :
They genuinely believe that they ’re in charge of your life
It ’s a constitutional right to raise your children as you see fit
The government has no business doing it
Government regulation in the guise of assisting the unwary consumer
It ’s not their job
It ’s just socialism
The government control of the private sector is simply socialism Listen to that 24/7 and you just about have no choice but to drink the koolaid .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
... and AM radio is FREE , do n't forget that .
So , they monopolize the FREE radio !
In our area , you have to PAY for XM radio to hear any alternate opinions other than the one - sided rightwing opinions on AM radio .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/29/2009 @ 9:24 pm PT ...
Brad : you can bet , if the Dems want to re-introduce the fairness doctrine , we will be bombarded 24×7 by the airwaves the rightwing monopolize that it's " communist " , " against America " , " against free speech " , etc ...
The funny thing is , the way it is NOW is against " free speech " .
One opinion is NOT free speech !
They claim that free speech is only if THEY have free speech and others do n't .
Ironic , factually untrue , but they will sell it like that .
Where will they sell it like that ?
On the airwaves we 're trying to stop them from monopolizing !
Catch - 22 , that 's why they took them over !
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... perris said on 10/30/2009 @ 5:24 am PT ...
the first thing that needs to be done on all of these " tea bag " threads would be to expose the entire hypocrisy of the very concept and how it relates to the original Boston tea party , the revolt this movement claims as their foundation ; the king 's homey 's ( the east India import company ) could n't compete with the colonists AND they wanted to dump their excess tea the king LOWERED taxes for his homeys the locals went BALLISTIC and REFUSED entry ANY product whence TAX WAS LOWERED rather then allow this contraband of goods without tariff they dumped said contraband into the port THUS the Boston tea party , A REVOLT AGAINST RELAXING TAXES this really needs to be brought up in every discussion and brought up with the method as to demonstrate how moronic these marionettes of the corporate world really are
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/30/2009 @ 5:25 am PT ...
If you buy up all of the media , you too can have the right to bullshit free speech .
That 's why the fairness doctrine in the first place .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 10/30/2009 @ 7:31 am PT ...
This is a great topic thread and Brad this is a great piece ..... I enjoyed reading all of your comments ; even the right wingers .
The right wingers are so loyal to their brain - washers it would be comical if it were n't so alarming .
I 'm absolutely convinced now that if an asshat like Glenn Beck can have such a huge loyal following ... and an unrepentant liar as Rush Limbaugh can become a multi-millionaire media machine ... and a mendacious blow - hard like Sean Hannity can be taken as authority then we 're doomed as a culture .
To all rational , reasonable , awake Americans .... it's plan B time .
Plan A has failed miserably ... you know Plan A , the democratic process of one person one vote , representative democracy and freedom from corporate big business domination as spelled out in the constitution ?
Well we went to sleep and let that plan die on the vine ... we wake up to find ourselves under the thumb of fearful bullies and thieves ( Wall Street - Military Industrial complex ) and their brainwashed brood ... to find our air - ways filled with mind numbing crap that has no redeemable value to our culture or public discourse .
We find ourselves in an Idiocracy , an insane nation run by the cynical , greedy , fearful few .... while their mindless programmed automatons enforce their mandate by shouting down any resistance and threats of violence .
All counter to their own best interests .
We 've been sold out
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/30/2009 @ 1:49 pm PT ...
Dear Bluehawk and all others ,
I agree .
As an ameliorative I recommend checking John Perkins ' tour for his latest and upcoming books and go see him if he 's coming anywhere near .
He 's the guy who wrote " Confessions of an Economic Hitman " which should be required reading in this country .
He knows all the shit your talking about and speaks about it with the insights and unassailable authority of someone who 's spent years and years ( and with friends who are still ) in the belly of the beast .
He 's inspiring .
Not only because it's so refreshing to hear someone speak out so authoritatively , coherently , and unapologetically about how everything we 've been doing clearly has n't , does n't , and can't work but even more importantly because he is so infectiously optimistic and enthusiastic about the revolution he sees at hand and that we all must be a part of .
Saw him in Boston on Tuesday .
Ca n't recommend him enough .
Hope this helps .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/30/2009 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
Yes .
John Perkins is amazing .
He just comes right out and testifies to the kind of perfidies our oligarchy - driven government commits abroad , because he was part of the mechanism that gets it done , and it blows my mind that so few seemed to wake up immediately upon hearing him on his first book tour .
Amy Goodman had him on .
There there 's a two - hour video of him giving it to us straight .
I do n't know what his latest talk is like , but if it 's anything like that one , whoa .
Listen to the guy .
Let it sink in .
Do n't let yourself factor it out of anything you hear about US foreign policy .
It obviously has a bearing on domestic policy now too .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/30/2009 @ 3:48 pm PT ...
Here ...
I think this is it ... on Google Video : http://video.google.com/...docid=808526880666247652
[ It might be reluctant to start playing , but if you move the gizzy on the play bar , it gets going . ]
No one should miss it .
It 's Friday .
What the hell .
You do n't have anything better to do .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... J said on 10/30/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
In reply to comment # 1 that " the bus ( es ) only travel to wingnut states , " this may be mostly true , but these videos were shot at Griffith Park in the middle of Los Angeles , CA , hardly a bastion of wingnuttiness .
Though , as the video proved , this city is so big that we harbor many a moron that can be flushed out with misinformation and fear mongering .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... d said on 10/30/2009 @ 5:39 pm PT ...
seeing those fancy busses with their expensive logos made me wonder whether the teabaggers had applied for a permit for their " demonstration " and if so , who / what is the name of the applicant & how is the applicant being funded ?
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/30/2009 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
Maybe I should have said " ( potential ) wingnut states as the state that brought us Nixon and Reagan should be counted in there .
As a native Minnesotan that has n't voted Puke for Pres. since 1972 yet that one also is growing in wingnut numbers since the fairness doctrine was ignored .
I always thought Florida was wingnut too until my son went to camp in the Ocala National Forest with the Rainbow Gathering .
Surprising to me , a lot hang there year round .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/30/2009 @ 9:30 pm PT ...
Brad ,
Just realized another great thing about your video .
As much as I love The Daily Show ( last night 's opening routine on Fox News is a classic ) , I 've always been bothered when they pretend to be interviewing people in the world and they get mean spirited and start saying harsh things , somehow as a point of humor , taking viewpoints they completely do n't mean .
It 's appears to be a weird mindfucking thing .
And you see a lot of this kind of meanness in commercials .
It 's supposed to be cynical and hip and funny .
I do n't think it is .
It another symptom of our dysfunction and path to inhumaness that 's so popular these days .
It 's harsh mindfucking and it's against my rules .
You were goofing with these people but were so very light about it .
You were n't being mean to them , quite the opposite .
You were getting your points across while being real and true to yourself .
A much higher , more artful , and rare form of humor in my opinion .
Really quite beautiful .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Woodhull said on 10/31/2009 @ 7:21 am PT ...
It 's too bad that none of you commenting seem to have any idea of the average person attending a tea party ( not " tea bagger " ) event .
If you actually knew any history of the founding of this great nation of ours ( yours and mine , not the " leftist " or the " rightwingnuts " ) , you would n't be so quick to denigrate the millions of Americans who are expressing their ( for now ) free right of assembly and dissent .
You take it for granted that it 's okay for you to take a particular position , but woe unto the other guy or gal who disagrees with you .
Most of the comments I 've read here accuse the man or woman with a different POV to be stupid or , in some other way , mentally deficient .
Or at least worthy of being labeled with a " tea bagger " as if that is certainly enough of an epithet to scare us off .
Your ad hominem attacks are laughable .
Please read some history of the founding of this country and decide for yourselves if the principals of this republic are worth retaining , or at least be honest and admit you are clueless as to what is happening .
But , for heaven 's sake , do n't underestimate what your fellow Americans can and will do to ensure the continuation of America as a sovereign nation despite your ignorance .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Woodhull said on 10/31/2009 @ 7:31 am PT ...
I forgot to add that your and your commenters focus their hatred not on the tenets of the tea party movement , but on the people themselves .
Think about that .
You do n't hate what they stand for , you hate them .
That is what is irrational .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:00 am PT ...
Dear Woodhull , 1 . I have a sister who 's been an attendee at whatever you 'd like to call these events .
I do n't know if she qualifies as an " average person attending " these events but I can assure you I have a very good idea who she is .
2.I do know a bit of our history , thank you very much , and from my reading of events it would appear both the " leftists " and " rightwingnuts " have been here from the beginning .
3 . If you 'd care to read " A People 's History of the United States " by Zinn , I 'd be happy to have a conversation with you about how " great " our nation is or is not .
4 . I was taking pains NOT to denigrate these people but I certainly do feel free to criticize their ideas and thinking as I do yours and my companions on this blog .
5 . Again , I have done quite a bit of reading , so again thank you so much , and I think there are many of us who feel it's not so much a matter of REtaining our principles ( which is spelled " ples " , the princiPAL is your " pal " in the principal 's office ( that 's how I was taught to remember the difference between those two words ) as ATTAINING them .
That would be a fun thing .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:11 am PT ...
Dear Woodhull ,
Your comment # 68 has both some truth to it and some nonsense .
In the video Brad , at least to me , does not seem to be attacking the people at all .
He 's quite solicitous .
I 'd argue that their ideas are exactly what he 's attacking .
And since the videos are the principal starting point of all the rest here and I 've already blabbed quite a bit on your other points ( even before you posted ) , I 'll leave it at that .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:15 am PT ...
WoodHull .....
I sensed none of the comments here being against the right of assembly .... it's the manufactered outrage that 's ludicrous .
There are many things to be genuinely outraged about ; but these ignorant * tea baggers * are outraged against their own best interests .
They are brainwashed corporate lemmings driven to protest change in any form .
I invite you to read comment # 57 by Ferris to see what the original genuine tea bag protest was actually about .... these numbnuts calling themselves " teabaggers " today are in actuality anti-teabaggers .
WoodHull some things deserve ridicule ....
The willful ignorance of the present day tea baggers invites a healthy belly laugh from any rational thinking person .
As I said earlier , there 's plenty out there to be genuinely outraged about ... but these present day teabaggers are clueless about that .
These tea bagging fools are clueless about the out right theft of our national treasury by Wall Street and the Federal Reserve , the unwinnable blackhole that is " the war on terror " , the selling out of our jobs to India and China , the 2 party political system that 's actually not 2 parties ... but 1 party with 2 faces ..... I could go on ... but if you 're awake you 'll get the picture .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... DGP North said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:57 am PT ...
Agent 99
Here is a better link to the " Economic Hitman " interview .
http://www.kickthemallou...nfessions_Of_Eco_Hit_Man
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/31/2009 @ 9:49 am PT ...
David Lasagna @ 66 : I concur w/ your assessment about some of the Daily Show interviews .
I too am troubled when they portray interview subjects unfairly .
Sometimes it 's within the realm of what they 're doing ( satirizing news media who are , themselves , unfair w/ interview subjects ) , but other times , they 're just unfair in going for the cheap / easy laugh .
I tried very much to avoid that in this video .
I worked hard to portray everyone I spoke w/ fairly and resisted the impulse to make them look stupid vis a vis cheap shots , unfair editing .
If the subjects in this video come across poorly , it 's because that 's the way they came across , not because I edited them as such .
I tried very hard to give all of them their say .
So thanks for noticing that .
There were others who I did n't include in the video , by the way , due to time issues .
None of them came across any better , some of them much worse .
Woodhull @ 67 : I 'll associate myself with some of the other comments you 've received in reply to your notes , but just a few thoughts of my own .
Nobody is denigrating the right of anybody to express themselves .
In fact , we have fought hard here for years to assure that everyone could do so --- even when most of those tea baggers did n't give a damn that free speech really was being curtailed ( folks lost jobs for bumper stickers that did n't support George W. Bush , were arrested at rallies for wearing anti-Bush t- shirts , journalists were thrown in jail for taking pictures , citizens were imprisoned without charges for months and sometimes years , etc . )
If the folks at these tea bag events had been on the front lines during those years , they would n't be ridiculed now .
But they were n't .
And only now , after being fed trumped up nonsense and unsupportable arguments from folks who do n't give a damn about them , are they showing up to express outrage .
Yes , they believe in their outrage .
Trouble is , their outrage is unfounded .
Eg. Ticked off at Obama for blowing out the deficit , when Bush 's deficit spending make 's Obama seem like a piker .
Ticked off about taxes raised when their taxes have actually been lowered .
But Fox " News " has told them otherwise , and they believe it .
As to our history , I assure you the folks who read this blog know it well .
Yes , go read about the Boston Tea Party , as others have suggested , and you 'll learn that the revolt came about after the British Gov. had lowered taxes ( duties , tariffs , import fees ) for one favored government corporation ( the East India Co. ) .
I suspect 99.9 % of the current tea baggers , or more , are unfamiliar with that point as they 've been pushed into oncoming traffic by folks who likely know that damned well , but do n't care as long as they can find a bunch of easily - outraged suckers to go out and fight for their corporate interests and against the best interests of the very folks they are pushing into traffic .
I should also note , btw , that there are some at these rallies who * have * been yelling and screaming for years .
They are generally the Ron Paul / Libertarian supporters who the Republican Party spent years ridiculing , marginalizing and regarding as complete and utter jokes .
Thankfully , many of those Paul folks seem to be learning that the Tea Baggers who have coopted their movement and their legitimate outrage --- largely based on facts , and not trumped up disinformation --- are not their friends and , hopefully , they are beginning to separate themselves from the tea bag crowd .
The thing is , we NEED legitimate opposition to power in this country .
Unfortunately , the GOP , and their confused and clueless puppets in the Tea Bag movement are not legitimate in the least .
They are arguing nonsense , while there is plenty that they could , and should , be out there protesting against .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Pam said on 10/31/2009 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
Pretty funny .
Almost as good as the videos where the people who voted for Obama were interviewed .
ALMOST .
It 's really easy to find people who appear to be clueless .
Having said that , I give you props for entertaining your liberal followers .
You can't really be serious regarding the Public Option , and if you are , then you really do need to read more .
Saying that the Public Option is not a government run program is like saying that taxpayer money will not be used to fund abortions .
Takes all of a few seconds to see that LIE in the bill again .
Sorry , but I do n't think abortions have anything to do with health care when it 's called " elective " .
There is so much you obvioulsy do n't know , but I can see that you have a " job " to do .
Finding anyone who you think will make your point .
Much like some on the right do .
It 's too bad that you all do n't just quit and pay attention to these bills that are being pushed .
You may soon lose your freedom to do what you enjoy because you failed to pay attention .
Making fun of people does n't really accomplish a damn thing .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 10/31/2009 @ 3:07 pm PT ...
Pam @ 74
Where does one start ...?
You can't really be serious regarding the Public Option , and if you are , then you really do need to read more .
Saying that the Public Option is not a government run program is like saying that taxpayer money will not be used to fund abortions .
Takes all of a few seconds to see that LIE in the bill again .
Sorry , but I do n't think abortions have anything to do with health care when it 's called " elective " .
Pam to say that 's not relevant is an understatement ... was this a discussion about the public option and abortion ... or are you simply trying to make it one ?
There is so much you obvioulsy do n't know , but I can see that you have a " job " to do .
Finding anyone who you think will make your point .
Much like some on the right do .
It 's too bad that you all do n't just quit and pay attention to these bills that are being pushed .
You may soon lose your freedom to do what you enjoy because you failed to pay attention .
Making fun of people does n't really accomplish a damn thing .
Pam ... that 's spoken like a committed well trained teabagger .
It 's obscure but sounds authoritative and well thought out ... when in actuality it says nothing .
Pam ... I 'm left wondering ... what exactly was your point ?
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 10/31/2009 @ 3:17 pm PT ...
RE : Comment 75 ...again ....
I remember Dick Cheney scolding the American people and press about " How much we do n't know " ... When I hear someone trot out the " how much you do n't know " smokescreen .... it sounds so deflective and dishonest .
Not to say you 're dishonest or anything Pam .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/31/2009 @ 4:02 pm PT ...
It 's weird , some of these commenters .
It 's like drive - bys.
Surfin ' by or something .
Do n't really know where they are .
Read a thing or two .
Presume to know what 's goin ' on .
Got some self - righteous anger to blow off and ...
KABLOOOIEEE !!!
RIGHT IN THE KISSER ... then ..I 'm outta here poof ......
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Infopro said on 10/31/2009 @ 6:50 pm PT ...
Hi Brad , I know this post is probably so far down the list you 're probably not to see it , but , I wanted to post to it anyway and thank you for your very well done clips here on this topic .
You my friend , hit one out of the park on this assignment .
None of these people are " stupid " .
We all can agree with that in most respects I think .
What we see here are talking points being repeated that they 've been fed , thinking that 's the best way to go .
Fear has pushed them into a lemmings position of sorts .
How did this happen do you think ?
We all know that answer , too .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2a4MEAoxko
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQnmxW-UyKo
Thanks again for all you do !
-----
Hi there member of the republican party visitng BradBlog , offended by these clips !
Good to see you out and about getting some insight to other points of view .
Do n't be afraid , we 're here to help you out of this mess you 've allowed yourself to get into .
Here , take my hand and we 'll walk away from this train wreck , together , and maybe we can work on saving this our great county yet .
You may not like what MSNBC and the others you hate , report on , that 's fine .
But do not keep going back to faux for your news .
They are the terrorists harming our country .
They , are harming you more than anything else right now .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 11/1/2009 @ 12:46 am PT ...
Big Dan hit the nail !
It the absolute dominance over the public airwaves by the right wing that is causing the problem .
The teabaggers feel threatened because of the election , but it 's easy for them to see progressives as losers because we are shut out of the conversation .
They want to be on the winning side and people who think like them are everywhere - 24/7 - goaded on by stinkers like Dick Armey .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/1/2009 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
I did catch your thoughts , Infopro .
Thanks for 'em !
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Doug Rodrigues said on 11/4/2009 @ 10:23 am PT ...
Good job Brad !
You 've done a beautiful job of asking leading questions that can only result in unprepared answers that make people sound like fools .
How many weeks did you prepare for your leading questions ?
You are nothing but a left - wing " Useful Idiot " that Karl Marx mentioned to be helpful to the " cause . "
Go back to selling used cars .
It fits your personality much better .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Beineke said on 11/7/2009 @ 6:05 am PT ...
It 's funny only in that the clueless is interviewing the clueless .
And sad .
You surely edited out those who articulated the issues properly , which separates your video hobby from what could be true professional journalism .
By the way , the campaign is over .
Start taking account of those in office , not those who are no longer .
Bush who ?
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... A Freeman said on 11/7/2009 @ 6:58 am PT ...
This Headline " Bachmann's D.C. Teabaggers Raise Holocaust Banner " prompted me to send $ 100 to the Tea Party Express .
Until reading your Headline I had n't realised that the Tea Party members were actually freethinking uninhibited sexual enthusiasts .
Thanks !
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Rick Gideon said on 11/7/2009 @ 10:04 am PT ...
Brad , Great job .
It is unfortunate that people go out and publicly support things they can't even explain regardless of what side of the fence they are on .
Keep up the good work !
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/7/2009 @ 10:23 am PT ...
Joe Beineke @ 82 said :
You surely edited out those who articulated the issues properly , which separates your video hobby from what could be true professional journalism .
Nope .
Sorry .
While some folks were edited out for time , none of them made any more sense than those you see in the video , and some of them , in fact , came across far worse .
If you do n't care for the people you saw , they have only themselves to blame .
I went out of my way to be as fair as I could to everyone featured in the video .
By the way , the campaign is over .
Start taking account of those in office , not those who are no longer .
Bush who ?
Well we do that every day here at The BRAD BLOG , Joe .
Feel free to pay attention .
Aside from that , " Bush who ? " , you remember him , he 's the one who blew up the deficit , shredded the Constitution , spied on every American citizen , started two wars ( at least one of them based on lies ) , outed a CIA officer and committed unprecedented war crimes in your name .
He 's not been held accountable for any of those matters to date , of course , so I 'm sure you 'll join us here in trying to assure that he is , lest Barack Obama , or any other future President , get the impression they can do the same ( as Obama already is in several areas by not unwinding the unConstitutional , illegal policies of the Bush Administration in many areas . )
On the other hand , if you believe bank robbers and murderers should go free , because they committed their crime yesterday instead of today , well , sorry , our Rule of Law does n't work that way , and you 'll have to wave that white flag on your own .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... teabags vs golden showers said on 11/8/2009 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
Expropriating the property of the haves
for showering on the have nots and antisocial engineering
programs tends to evaporate in the altitudes before
moistening the ground at the Animal Farm .
When one
hears ' teabaggers ' fondly uttered for its undertones of
cutesie - tootsie perverted sexual act innuendo , in all
feminization fairness , it is the Golden Showerers saying it .
Teabags vs. Golden Showers
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... NativeSonKY said on 11/8/2009 @ 10:37 pm PT ...
I think it 's funny as hell that they name their effort after a sexual act of dipping one 's ba11s into another 's mouth hole .
Fitting for them , though !
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Kim S said on 11/10/2009 @ 10:10 am PT ...
OMG !
Dude !
You go and bombard people , and with sarcasm , make fun of them .
Just because happen to catch them off guard !!!
You should be ashamed !
BTW , I am NOT 40 + yrs old , I 'm 25 !
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Kim S said on 11/10/2009 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
wow !
how yall are EASY to slander !
wow - you are all pretty vicious !
my God !
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... mark said on 11/11/2009 @ 1:36 pm PT ...
They may not want to listen to America now , but I found a site that has some things to remind them they will have to listen next November .
http://www.thinkrightstuff.com
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/11/2009 @ 3:15 pm PT ...
I stumbled across this video on the weekend and was floored by the idea presented .
It ’s brilliant , simple , and effective .
A true testament to the notion that small contributions can make a BIG difference .
* UPDATE : September 16 , 2009 @ 9:20 am
Google announces they have acquired reCAPTCHA .
Official Google Blog post here
For those who ca n’t spare 12 minutes for the brilliant and entertaining talk above , here ’s the gist :
THE PROBLEM : Spammers
Free email services like Google , Yahoo ! , and Microsoft were suffering attacks from hackers / spammers who had written programs to obtain millions of email addresses every day .
Why did they need so many email addresses ?
Because these free services only allowed users to send a specific amount of emails per day ( e.g. , Yahoo only allowed 100 ) , so in order to effectively ‘ spam ’ they required numerous addresses .
THE SOLUTION : CAPTCHA
Develop a program that protects websites against bots by generating and grading tests that humans can pass but current computer programs cannot .
For example , humans can read distorted text as the one shown below , but current computer programs can’t .
This is an example of a typical CAPTCHA
In 2000 , Luis von Ahn and Manuel Blum coined the term ‘ CAPTCHA ’ .
They invented multiple examples of CAPTCHAs , including the first CAPTCHAs to be widely used , which were those adopted by Yahoo !.
THE REVELATION
– Approximately 200 million CAPTCHAs are typed every day around the world
– Each CAPTCHA takes nearly 10 seconds of time and thus ;
– 500,000 hours of human time are wasted every day typing CAPTCHAs
THE CHALLENGE
Is there any way this human effort can be used for the greater good of humanity ?
THE SOLUTION REVISITED : reCAPTCHA
– Digitizing books one word at a time .
reCAPTCHA is a free CAPTCHA service that helps to digitize books , newspapers and old time radio shows
How it works
In an effort to make information more accessible , book pages are being photographically scanned , and then transformed into text using “ Optical Character Recognition ” ( OCR ) .
The transformation into text is useful because scanning a book produces images , which are difficult to store on small devices , expensive to download , and can not be searched .
The problem is that OCR is not perfect .
reCAPTCHA improves the process of digitizing books by sending words that cannot be read by computers to the Web in the form of CAPTCHAs for humans to decipher .
Each word that cannot be read correctly by OCR is placed on an image and used as a CAPTCHA .
This is possible because most OCR programs alert you when a word cannot be read correctly .
But if a computer can’t read such a CAPTCHA , how does the system know the correct answer to the puzzle ?
Here ’s how : Each new word that cannot be read correctly by OCR is given to a user in conjunction with another word for which the answer is already known .
The user is then asked to read both words .
If they solve the one for which the answer is known , the system assumes their answer is correct for the new one .
The system then gives the new image to a number of other people to determine , with higher confidence , whether the original answer was correct .
BRILLIANT !
FYI : With the assistance of reCAPTCHA , the entire New York Times archive from the 1850 ’s – 1980 ’s will have been completely transcribed in less than 12 months .
Luis Von Ahn
Graduating from Carnegie Mellon with a Ph.D. in Computer Science in 2005 , Von Ahn is now a professor at his Alma mater .
When he ’s not lecturing about the Science of the Web he ’s working on Human Computation , which harnesses the combined computational power of humans and computers
to solve large - scale problems .
Some call this “ crowdsourcing . ”
His 8 - page C.V is quite impressive and his list of accomplishments will only grow as he continues his research .
Some of his ‘ selected honours ’ include :
– MacArthur Fellow , 2006 - 2011 .
– Discover Magazine : 50 Best Brains in Science , 2008 .
– Silicon.com : 50 Most Influential People in Technology , 2007 .
– Microsoft New Faculty Fellow , 2007 .
– Sloan Fellow , 2009 .
– Smithsonian Magazine : America ’s Top Young Innovators in the Arts and Sciences , 2007 .
– Technology Review ’s TR35 : Young Innovators Under 35 , 2007 .
– IEEE Intelligent Systems “ Ten to Watch for the Future of AI , ” 2008 .
– Popular Science Magazine Brilliant 10 Scientists of 2006 .
You can find his personal blog here , and his university page here
Sources :
– http://scienceoftheweb.org/
– http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~biglou/CV.pdf
– http://recaptcha.net/
– http://www.captcha.net/
– http://recaptcha.net/reCAPTCHA_Science.pdf
– http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha
– http://www.cra.org/ccc/index.php
THE POWER OF PEOPLE
For three decades , the Land Institute has been working to create a sustainable system of agriculture that is patterned after nature itself , that is , in the words of Director Wes Jackson , “ more resilient to human folly . ”
In Jackson ’s eyes , modern agriculture wages war on nature .
Every year erosion eats away 5.5 tons of soil for every acre of farmland in the U.S. Petrochemical based fertilizers and pesticides kill the soils fertility .
The land Institute ’s Kansas farm is working to reverse this damage by developing cropping systems that mimic the prairie .
Rather than planting annual crops , Jackson and the Institute are developing perennial crops that need no plowing or planting .
A farm that looked like the prairie would require fewer inputs by farmers , allowing them to keep more of the profit .
It would feature a mixture of crops that could be harvested from the early spring to late fall ; and perhaps most importantly , it would regenerate the soil into a thriving ecosystem .
The main problem farming with perennials is that they must devote more energy into building a larger root system and have less energy for growing seeds , thus have a lower food yield .
Researchers at the Land Institute and several universities are searching for varieties of perennials whose yields can compete with annual crops .
The Land Institute has had some success with wheat , sorghum , and sunflowers by cross breeding perennial strains with annual strains .
Some lines of wheat have been developed that yield 70 % of the best annual varieties .
Perennials are hardier than annuals and more resistant to weeds once they are established .
In addition they contain stronger resistance to disease .
A polycrop field , imitating the prairie , further increases resistance to disease since each type of plant is further separated making the spread of disease more difficult .
Designing farms in the image of nature would be a second agricultural revolution .
Wes Jackson believes that the first agricultural revolution was the beginning of our estrangement from nature , and claims that , “ It is fitting then that the healing of our culture begin with agriculture . "
A good write up on the Land Institute can be found in Biomimicry .
Culinary Sensations cast from an ACTUAL HUMAN SKULL !
Thank - You
Sitemap
Culinary Sensations cast from an ACTUAL HUMAN SKULL !
White Chocolate Skull $ 199
White Chocolate Skull $ 199 Rich yet light , the White Chocolate Skull by Cannibal Confections is the sweetest tasting of our skulls .
A generous dusting of cinnamon and icing sugar gives it a startlingly realistic appearance , and a unique flavour kick !
The ' Bone ' Chocolate is the most true to ' death ' skull .
My own blend of Belgian chocolates closely resembles the colour of the actual human skull from which my molds are made .
The mixture ensures that each cast has a distinctly unique character .
That freshly exhumed look is enhanced by the pure cocoa powder patina .
' Bone ' Chocolate Skull $ 199
Dark Chocolate Skull $ 199
It 's also the healthiest , and so a deliciously effective way to avoid the grim reaper !
Pure cocoa powder completes the recently exhumed effect .
When it comes to flavour , the Dark Chocolate Skull by Cannibal Confections is my all time favourite .
Made from 100 % pure Belgian Chocolate with a 58 % cocoa content , it has just the right balance of sweetness and piquancy .
It 's also the healthiest , and so a deliciously effective way to avoid the grim reaper !
Pure cocoa powder completes the recently exhumed effect .
" In the Arabian Gulf we have serious problems of maturity in many of these fields " Sadad al Husseini , ASPO USA interview , Denver CO , 12 October 2009
Steve Andrews , co-founder of ASPO USA travelled to London ( on his own time and dime ) to interview Sadad al - Husseini .
The interview has been shown as a series of clips at the ASPO International conference in Denver this week .
Sadad al - Husseini is a geologist and reservoir engineer who worked for Saudi Aramco reaching the position of vice president .
Exerpts from the interview are available on the ASPO USA web site .
The single quote above was the comment that caught my attention the most .
The comment is particularly interesting in the context of how OECD governments are planning their energy futures based on IEA forecasts such as this :
Ramping Saudi production linearly to 15.6 million barrels per day by 2030 has this outcome on a Hubbert linearisation .
The absence of any peak points to near - infinite reserves - in a country where there are serious issues of maturity in the reservoirs .
[ Note the chart is lifted from another post discussing UK government energy strategy which for various reasons I decided not to post . ]
High School QB Completes Behind - The - Back Pass For 2 - Point Conversion
Total Pro Sports –
We have seen Florida Gators quarterback Tim Tebow complete the jump shot pass .
Now Will Briscoe of Louisiana ’s Central High School has done him one better .
With his team putting on a dominant display against Zachary High , the conventional forward pass was becoming too easy for Briscoe , so he decided to change things up a bit during a two - point conversion and try a behind - the - back pass .
It just so happens that it worked out perfectly .
It is difficult to say whether Central is that good , or Zachary is just that bad , but I would have to side with both theories .
The 2 - point conversion took place when the score was 13 - 0 in the first quarter .
So what was Central doing going for two anyways ?
With the final score being 58 - 0 , I am quite positive that 57 - 0 would have been equally satisfying .
If you think you are that good , why not try the behind - the - back pass during a regular down ?
Now we are left to ask where football ’s version of a behind - the - back play ranks among all sports ?
I personally would have to place it at the top , along with hockey ’s behind - the - back shot .
What do you think ?
Hat Tip – [ The Life ]
Share This
Absolutly HORRIBLE ICU – My mom had surgical complications and was life flighted to Mercy .
They left her struggling in ER for 2 hours before taking her to ICU .
It took 13 hours to get an MRI to find out why she was having seizures .
They could n't find anything by that time , so they were sending her home 2 days later .
The day I went to pick her up , from floor 7 , there were 4 people ( a dr , an intern , & 2 nurses ) , sitting on their asses in her room staring at her like she was a science project in between dicussing their favorite grocery stores and my mom was having a partial seizure .
It had been going on for 4 hours and NOONE called a family member to tell of the change .
I was told they were waiting for ICU to treat her .
The woman was IN THE HOSPITAL and it took 4 hours to go 3 floors to ICU .
Once she got there , the nurses there were TERRIBLE !
They would come and pick and gag her while they were suctioning her vent when she was asleep and never tell her what they were doing .
One day , in a 7 hour stretch of time , the nurse was in her room twice ..... patients should be turned every 2 hours , she was NEVER turned every 2 hours .
It got to the point where I had to tell them ( when I could find them ) she needs turned so I 'm going to go eat , make a phone call , etc so you can do that .
They sedated her for any and every probem she had .
They did it to her for high blood pressure , muscle twitching , breathing problems , heart rate problems ... whatever ailes you , they will give you Adavan .
Some of them were ignoring doctor orders on her blood pressure perimeters , telling me it could go to 180 !
When they could n't control it , they would just raise her limit to make it easier for them .
It started at 120 , then 140 , and when they could n't keep it there , they allowed her to go to 160 ( stage 2 hypertension ) .
One day the machine was reading her blood pressure to be in 70s and 80s , so they gave her a TON of fluids to bring it up .
The next day they put an line in to read it more accuratly , her blood pressure was 180 !
Aside from them not being able to control her blood pressure , she was doing well .
Keep in mind , they were giving her tons of fluids the whole time she was there because they could n't get it under control .
The day they had decided to move her to a rehab facility , she was having problems breathing and blood pressure , heart rate problems , and INSTEAD of figuring out why , ( the nurse was more interested in flirting with someone in street clothes standing at a nurse 's computer ) , they kept her sedated for 5 hours and released her anyway .
I asked 3 different people to speak to a doctor THREE times , I was told he knew I wanted to speak with him , he never spoke to me .
It turns out she was going into congestive heart failure , ( caused by fluids and uncontrolled blood pressure ) and they released her .
Immediately prir to going to Mercy , she was told her heart muscles were strong but the ICU could never gether blood pressure under control .
Nice job ICU !
If anyone you know is ever critical , stay away from Mercy !
If you have to go there , make sure you have a lot of family members there and document EVERYTHING !
In future an immigrant arriving in Germany and wishing to stay may have to sign an " integration contract " .
That is the idea of the Integration Minister , Maria Boehmer .
The contract would set out basic German " values , " including " freedom of speech " and " equal rights for women " .
The idea behind this is the club : if you join you have to accept the rules .
" Anyone who wants to live here for a long time , " says the minister , " and who wants to work has to say ' yes ' to our country " .
In different forms ideas like this are surfacing across Europe .
The concern is that significant parts of European cities exist as " parallel societies " .
There is not a shared identity and so there is not a common citizenship .
Politicians are concerned that if communities do not relate to each other it is easy for rumour and prejudice to flourish .
Initially one of the basic tenets of multiculturalism was that newcomers brought with them their own culture , which was respected .
Increasingly , however , the mood is changing - migrants are expected to integrate and embrace a country 's basic values .
The French are currently debating national identity and emphasizing " core values " .
The French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , has said that all beliefs are respected in France , but " becoming French means adhering to a form of civilisation , to values , to morals " .
The French Immigration Minister , Eric Besson , said " we must reaffirm the values of national identity and of the pride in being French " .
He wants the Marseillaise to be sung as often as possible and the French flag flown .
A parliamentary commission is looking into banning the burka - the veil that covers everything but the eyes .
The French president has already given his view that " France is a country where there is no place for the burka " .
Britain , too , has introduced citizenship tests .
Migrants have to take language and citizen classes designed to help them integrate better .
Only the other day Prime Minister Gordon Brown said that " British people want to be assured that newcomers will accept the responsibilities as well as the rights that come with living here , obeying the law , speaking English , and making contributions " .
Identity has been a subject that politicians have been wary of but now , as a subject , it has become mainstream .
Across Europe they detect voter unease and they want to head off that concern finding expression with extreme parties .
In 2001 I covered riots in the northern British town of Oldham .
The far right acted as provocateur , but a mainly Muslim enclave called the Glodwick estate battled with the police .
Five years later I returned .
What struck me was how separate the communities had become .
As far as I recall , the school in the estate did not have a single non-Muslim pupil .
The headteacher told me that she could not talk to some of the mothers because they rarely left their houses .
Occasionally the children were put on a bus and taken to another part of town so they could meet children from other cultures .
What rarely happened was that a child would go to a friend 's home after school and so experience and enjoy different traditions .
Now the situation there may well have changed , but I encountered a concern then about " parallel societies " - that they could not just be breeding grounds for myths about others but that they weakened the idea of the common bond .
It is natural for immigrants , when they first arrive , to want to live amongst their own community .
It is often the only way to find work .
In New York you still find a significant number of Irish or Italians working in the fire department or the port authority .
But the vast majority of arrivals wanted to become " American " and to embrace their new country with all its customs and values .
In Europe the views of the ethnic minorities differ hugely .
A poll in France found that only 4 % of Muslims there want to live exclusively among other Muslims .
In Britain some migrants from Pakistan and Kashmir are more cautious about living alongside other communities in the giant melting pot that is Britain today .
In Switzerland this weekend voters will be asked to decide whether to ban the construction of minarets .
There are only about 300,000 Muslims in the country and many of them are from the Balkans and so do not practise Islam .
But a handful of minarets has become an issue .
As has happened before in Switzerland , the debate is surrounded by controversial posters , including one showing a woman in a burka standing by a Swiss flag flanked by minarets which look like missiles .
I covered the last similar referendum in Switzerland .
Then the immigrant was portrayed as a " black sheep " .
Many rejected the tone of the debate , but it was not difficult to find people fearful that their known world was disappearing , that their national identity was being diluted .
So , across Europe , there is an active debate as to whether more should be asked of migrants to embrace the societies they are joining .
Sometimes , when you ’re catching up on all the Scores running across the bottom of the screen on ESPN , you just have to wonder where some of those schools and towns came up with their names and mascots .
Cleveland Browns ?
Sure , we all know it was the original owner ’s last name , but if you ’re new to the NFL , it could seem a little odd .
Especially since their helmets and stripes are orange .
The Boston Bruins ?
Yes , bears are a cool , beastly logo , but when ’s the last time you heard of a bear meandering through Boston ?
The Utah Jazz ?
Yes , sure , they originally hung their uniforms in New Orleans where the ‘ Jazz ’ name actually makes sense , but again , just getting into the NBA : kind of a head - scratcher .
Well , there are a ton of these kinds of teams around the sporting world , so I figured I ’d start this little series with some bizarrely - named junior hockey league teams .
Yes , some of these are actually like AA and AAA , Semi -Pro , and Farm Teams , but for the sake of argument : they ’re not NHL , so they ’re junior .
Anyway , check ’em out .
Adirondack Phantoms ( CHL )
Madison Ice Muskies ( AAHL )
Twin City Yeti ( NEPHL )
New England Pharaohs ( NEPHL )
Quesnel Millionaires ( BCHL )
Cumberland Grads ( CJHL )
Eager Future2
Introduction
Eager Future2 is a Common Lisp library that provides composable concurrency primitives that unify parallel and lazy evaluation , are integrated with the Common Lisp condition system , and have automatic resource management .
Download
The latest version of Eager Future2 is 0.2 .
Older versions can be downloaded from the release directory .
Source repository
https://gitlab.common-lisp.net/vsedach/eager-future2.git
Mailing list
Send questions and patches to eager-future-devel@common-lisp.net .
You can subscribe to the mailing list and manage your subscription using the Mailman web interface .
Documentation
The README file included with the distribution contains the documentation and an API reference .
Further reading
License
Eager Future2 is distributed under the terms of GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 or any later version .
Eager Future
Eager Future2 is the successor to Eager Future , which was a fork of PCall .
The source repository for Eager Future can be found at https://gitlab.common-lisp.net/eager-future/eager-future.git
Sgt. Angela Peacock is seen in 2004 , after she returned to the United States from duty in Iraq .
Thom Patterson
CNN
When Iraq war veteran Angela Peacock is in the shower , she sometimes closes her eyes and can't help reliving the day in Baghdad in 2003 that pushed her closer to the edge .
While pulling security detail for an Army convoy stuck in gridlocked traffic , Peacock 's vehicle came alongside a van full of Iraqi men who " began shouting that they were going to kill us , " she said .
One man in the vehicle was particularly threatening .
" I can remember his eyes looking at me , " she said .
" I put my finger on the trigger and aimed my weapon at the guy , and my driver is screaming at me to stop . "
" I was really close to shooting at them , but I did n't . "
Now back home in Missouri , Peacock , 30 , is unemployed - living in a friend 's home in North St. Louis County without a lease and paying minimal rent .
Keep Reading ...
Oct. 1 , 2009 --
Giving two low - cost prescription drugs to reduce cholesterol and blood pressure in people with diabetes or heart disease -- along with encouraging them to take a daily aspirin -- can slash their risk of hospitalization for heart attack or stroke by 60 % , according to a new study .
'' If you have diabetes or heart disease , the biggest killer is likely to be a heart attack or stroke , " says study researcher Robert James Dudl , MD , the director of the diabetes program at the Kaiser Permanente Care Management Institute in Oakland , Calif .
While researchers have previously shown that cholesterol - lowering statins and blood - pressure - lowering drugs taken individually reduce strokes and heart attacks , their combined effectiveness in large populations is not documented , Dudl and colleagues note .
So the researchers studied a new , simplified approach in which everyone was given a standard dose of the statin and blood - pressure - lowering drugs , rather than the common practice of starting people out on a low dose and monitoring and adjusting the dose several times .
For the study , the researchers tracked more than 170,000 members of the Kaiser Permanente health plan in California who had heart disease or were over 55 with diabetes -- or had both conditions .
In all , 77.8 % had diabetes with or without heart disease , while 31.7 % had heart disease only .
The median age was 68 ( half were younger , half older ) .
Besides being encouraged to take a daily aspirin , patients were prescribed a medication bundle , typically lovastatin ( 40 milligrams a day ) to lower cholesterol and lisinopril ( 20 milligrams a day ) to lower blood pressure .
During an initial doctor 's office visit , patients were asked about medical history to rule out reasons they should n't be on the drugs , such as liver disease .
Next , patients were divided into three groups :
21,292 participants were in the high - exposure group , taking the drugs more than half the time in 2004 and 2005 , based on their prescription refill habits .
47,268 people were in the low - exposure group , taking the drugs less than half the time during 2004 and 2005 .
101,464 people were in the no-exposure group , taking neither drug or just one of the two prescription drugs during 2004 and 2005 .
The aspirin could not be tracked through prescription records .
Homebuilt EVs are damn - near mainstream these days , with backyard tinkerers throwing electric motors into small , light and – dare we say it – cute cars like the Porsche 914 and VW Rabbit with almost monotonous regularity .
Tom Leitschuh went for something a lot cooler .
An El Camino .
The electronic controls engineer from Franksville , Wisconsin , electrified an ' 81 Chevrolet El Camino , a poster child for the darkest days of American automotive design and a car with enough steel to shrug off a collision with a Sherman tank .
We called Leitschuh to ask , " Why ? "
We thought we caught him at a quiet time in the office until he said , " Can you hear it ?
I 'm driving it as we speak ! "
Of all the cars he could have picked to convert , why did Leitschuh choose the mongrel offspring of a Chevrolet Caprice and a pickup truck ?
Simple .
He needs to haul stuff .
Besides , why not convert an El Camino ?
" The Civic would have a bit more range , " he said .
" But which would you rather drive ? "
That question answered , Leitschuh , an electronics controls engineer and owner of TDL Electronics , got to work .
The project went pretty quickly , taking about 200 hours of his time over the course of six weeks .
He got some help with donations from QuickCable and some hired hands to help with welding and fabrication .
The tab came to roughly $ 30,000 , which included the cost of the car and a transmission rebuild .
The lion 's share of the bill went to the 46 lithium - ferrite phosphate batteries that cost him $ 18,000 .
They 're located over the front and rear axles .
Because Leitschuh yanked the engine , radiator and other archaic equipment , the weight penalty for the batteries is just 750 pounds .
Total output is 33 kilowatt - hours .
A 9 - inch series - wound Advanced DC Motors unit pushing 100 horsepower is bolted directly to the three - speed manual gearbox .
The clutch , with its 30 pounds of rotational mass and energy bleeding slip , is long gone .
It 's just power - sapping dead weight rendered unnecessary with a little practice to hone his clutchless shifting in a car that only needs two gears .
So what 'll she do ?
Leitschuh shrugged .
“ I do n’t know how fast it ’s gone , but I know it will get to 85 , ” he told us .
Chalk that up to one of those speedometers with a pin that stops the needle from passing 85 , snatching all pleasure from romping on the pedal mercilessly .
Leitschuh was almost apologetic when he told us , " I was n't trying to build a race car , but wanted to know what it could do . ”
With conservative driving , Leitschuh says he thinks the car could see as many as 200 miles on a charge , but one EV expert we talked to said that 's highly unlikely and a max of 130 or so is more probable .
Although a full charge takes 10 - hours , Leitschuh says the battery array has no memory issues so he simply plugs it in when he gets home regardless of how much juice he used .
Leitschuh figures the Electro - Camino costs just over a penny a mile , but he keeps that penny in his pocket .
Electro - Camino is truly green .
That ’s right , all you EV naysayers , there 's no long tailpipe on this car and it's truly zero-emissions .
Leitschuh gets all his power from his wind turbine and 12 - kW solar - barn , which he claims is the largest privately owned solar array in Wisconsin .
So not only is Leitschuh 's car cooler than a Toyota Prius , it 's greener , too .
Photos : Tom Leitschuh
See Also :
Tom Leitschuh spent $ 30,000 converting his 1981 El Camino to electric power , with most of that money going toward the 46 batteries that provide the juice to keep it going .
A cool software program and display keeps tabs on the batteries .
WASHINGTON 
The polar bear has become an icon of global warming vulnerability , but a new study found an Arctic mammal that may be even more at risk to climate change : the narwhal .
The narwhal , a whale with a long spiral tusk that inspired the myth of the unicorn , edged out the polar bear for the ranking of most potentially vulnerable in a climate change risk analysis of Arctic marine mammals .
The study was published this week in the peer - reviewed journal Ecological Applications .
Polar bears are considered marine mammals because they are dependent on the water and are included as a species in the U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act .
Scientists from three countries quantified the vulnerabilities that 11 year - round Arctic sea mammals have as the world warms .
After the narwhal — which is also known as the " corpse whale " — and polar bear , the most at risk were the hooded seal , bowhead whale and walrus .
The ringed seal and bearded seal were least at risk .
" What we wanted to do was look at the whole picture because there 's been a lot of attention on polar bears , " said study co-author Ian Stirling , a polar bear and seal specialist for the Canadian government .
" We 're talking about a whole ecosystem .
We 're talking about several different species that use ice extensively and are very vulnerable . "
The study looked at nine different variables that help determine ability to withstand future climate changes .
Those factors included population size , habitat uniqueness , diet diversity and ability to cope with sea ice changes .
This does not mean the narwhal — with a current population of 50,000 to 80,000 — will die off first ; polar bear counts are closer to 20,000 and they are directly harmed by melting ice , scientists said .
But it does mean the potential for harm is slightly greater for the less - studied narwhal , said study lead author Kristin Laidre , a research scientist at the University of Washington .
Stanford University biologist Terry Root , who was not part of the study , said the analysis reinforces her concern that the narwhal " is going to be one of the first to go extinct " from global warming despite their population size .
" There could a bazillion of them , but if the habitat or the things that they need are not going to be around , they 're not going to make it , " Root said .
Polar bears can adapt a bit to the changing Arctic climate , narwhals can't , she said .
While polar bears are " good - looking fluffy white creatures , " Laidre said narwhals , which are medium - sized whales , are " not that cute . "
The narwhal , which dives about 6,000 feet ( 1,829 meters ) to feed on Greenland halibut , is the ultimate specialist , evolved specifically to live in small cracks in parts of the Arctic where it is 99 % heavy ice , Laidre said .
As the ice melts , not only is the narwhal habitat changed , predators such as killer whales will likely intrude more often .
" Since it 's so restricted to the migration routes it takes , it 's restricted to what it eats , it makes it more vulnerable to the loss of those things , " Laidre said in a telephone interview from Greenland , where she is studying narwhals by airplane .
The paper is the talk of Arctic scientists said Bob Corell , the head of an international team of scientists who wrote a massive assessment of risk in the Arctic in 2004 but was n't part of this study .
He called it " surprising because the polar bear gets a lot of attention . "
Inuit natives of Greenland were telling scientists last year that it seemed that the narwhal population was in trouble , Corell said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Kristin Laidre , NOAA
This photo released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows a pod of narwhals from northern Canada on Aug. 19 , 2005 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Stormy weather for parts of the UK
With some wet and windy weather on the way to the UK , BBC weather presenter Nick Miller looks at what we can expect and why autumn is often a season of turbulent weather .
I lay in the back of the car and silently recited the Lord ’s Prayer .
In the distance , I heard men shouting as they collected their dead .
If many people had been killed , particularly women and children , we were sure to die .
For months , I had promised myself that if they taped our execution I would remain calm for my family and declare our innocence until the end .
After about 15 minutes , the guards returned to the car and led me back to the house .
The missiles had struck two cars , killing a total of seven Arab militants and local Taliban fighters .
I felt a small measure of relief that no civilians had been killed .
But I knew we were still in grave danger .
Two weeks earlier our captors had moved us from Miram Shah , the capital of the North Waziristan tribal agency , to a remote town in South Waziristan .
I had seen on a receipt from a local shop that we were in Makeen , a stronghold of the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud .
The region teemed with Uzbek , Arab , Afghan and Pakistani militants .
For the next two hours , I did my best to placate the guards .
I did not walk in the yard .
I did not speak unless spoken to .
I praised God for saving us .
Later , I learned that one guard called for me to be taken to the site of the attack and ritually beheaded as a video camera captured the moment .
The chief guard overruled him .
The Taliban assailed the drone attacks , and my captors expressed more hatred for President Obama than for President Bush .
They bitterly criticized the Obama administration for increasing the missile attacks in Pakistan ’s tribal areas and the number of American troops in Afghanistan .
A stalemate between the United States and the Taliban seemed to unfold before me .
The drones killed many senior commanders and hindered their operations .
Yet the Taliban were able to garner recruits in their aftermath by exaggerating the number of civilian casualties .
The CRTC this afternoon issued its decision on whether Globalive , a new wireless competitor about to operate as Wind Mobile , complies with the foreign ownership restrictions currently found in the Telecommunications Act .
While Industry Canada previously concluded that Globalive met the Canadian control requirements for the purposes of the Radiocommunications
Act in its bidding for spectrum , the CRTC has concluded that its ownership and control structure do not meet the Telecommunications
Act requirements .
The Commission has indicated a number of changes that will be needed to comply with the law .
Globalive says it evaluating its options .
It is tempting to blame the CRTC or the incumbent telecom providers ( who filed the complaint over the Globalive structure ) for this mess , but the real culprit lies with outdated legislation that prioritizes Canadian ownership over a competitive Canadian marketplace .
It is the wrong choice .
Canadians are desperate for a more competitive wireless marketplace .
The issue now falls to Industry Minister Tony Clement , who needs to change the law to facilitate foreign ownership of common carriers – both to facilitate immediate competition and to pave the way for more foreign bidders in the next round of spectrum auctions .
The government rightly said it did not matter that a foreign company took control of a former Canadian tech star like Nortel .
It should similarly not matter who controls a telecommunications company , particularly in a marketplace starving for competition .
The government should amend the law to remove the foreign ownership restrictions now .
Home Access
Why are we doing this now ?
People download a lot more films , TV shows and music now than before .
That means there ’s a lot more traffic on our network .
And that can cause traffic jams at rush hours , just like on real roads – especially between 8 pm and 11 pm .
A lot of that traffic comes from peer to peer programs and newsgroups , which some people run on their computers all day and night .
That makes it much slower for people trying to do things like email , look at websites or watch things on
We want everyone to get the most from their broadband , whatever they use it for .
That ’s why we ’ve introduced this policy .
To help your broadband flow better .
Will this slow you down ?
Actually , it should speed things up for most people .
That ’s the idea .
Your actual connection speed wo n’t change .
It ’ll just take longer for peer to peer programs and newsgroup services to download ( but only at busy times ) .
http://broadband.o2.co.uk/home/traffic.jsp
People download a lot more films , TV shows and music now than before .
That means there ’s a lot more traffic on our network .
And that can cause traffic jams at rush hours , just like on real roads – especially between 8 pm and 11 pm .
A lot of that traffic comes from peer to peer programs and newsgroups , which some people run on their computers all day and night .
That makes it much slower for people trying to do things like email , look at websites or watch things on BBC iPlayer or YouTube in the evening .
We want everyone to get the most from their broadband , whatever they use it for .
That ’s why we ’ve introduced this policy .
To help your broadband flow better .
Actually , it should speed things up for most people .
That ’s the idea .
Your actual connection speed wo n’t change .
It ’ll just take longer for peer to peer programs and newsgroup services to download ( but only at busy times ) .
UK ISP O2 Be Broadband ) has unexpectedly imposed a speed restriction upon popular P2P file sharing and newsgroup services , which takes effect each evening between the hours of 8 pm and 11 pm .
The new Traffic Management policy only affects customers on O2 's ( BT based ) broadband package , while its cheaper unbundled options ( Standard , Premium and Pro ) remain unimpeded .
We hope O2 has at least applied some common sense to this move and made allowances for certain popular services , such as Valve 's STEAM Digital Distribution platform and World of Warcraft , both of which rely upon P2P for smooth gaming and update delivery .
Doing a blanket restriction of P2P for those could make the games unplayable and inhibit crucial updates .
Microsoft's XBox Live multiplayer system for 360 console owners is also entirely P2P based and could suffer , as it has done when other ISPs imposed restrictions .
Frustratingly O2 does not elaborate upon how aggressive the speed restriction itself is .
However the targeting of P2P , which is often perhaps unfairly seen as the " " of the Internet , is nothing new and many UK ISPs do it already .
Indeed if the softer Digital Britain polices get their way then P2P restrictions could soon become common among all ISPs , albeit more selectively by individual customers .
Enlarge By Seth Perlman , AP Gun owners rally at the Illinois State Capitol for legislation that would let them carry concealed weapons .
In response to the Obama administration and the recession , more people have sought the permits .
PACKING HEAT PACKING HEAT
Gun owners are packing heat in record numbers , fearful of stricter gun control under the Obama administration and higher crime in a sour economy .
Some states and counties report a surge in applications for concealed weapons permits since the November election .
All states but Illinois and Wisconsin allow concealed weapons , but requirements differ .
Applications already have hit a record this year in Clay County , Mo. , where the sheriff 's office received 888 through June , compared with 863 in all of last year , says Sheriff Bob Boydston .
The office recently hired two part - time workers to deal with the rush .
In the past , applicants tended to be middle - aged men , he says , but recent applicants include " grandmothers , older folks , young women , young men . "
They tell him the bad economy will lead to more thefts and break - ins , he says , but his statistics show violent crime related to the recession has n't gone up .
They also say they fear gun control , he says .
Last week , Boydston spoke with an elderly couple seeking a permit .
" They are positive the president is on the verge of coming to our homes and taking our weapons , " he says .
Statewide , the Missouri State Highway Patrol has processed 18,878 background checks so far this year for the permits , the most since the agency began keeping statistics in 2005 , Lt. John Hotz says .
It processed 18,466 checks during all of last year .
In May , Obama signed a law that will allow guns in national parks .
" The president respects and supports the Second Amendment and the tradition of gun ownership in this country , " White House spokesman Ben LaBolt says .
Interest groups on both sides agree that demand for permits is up because of economic uncertainty and concerns about a new president and a Democrat - controlled Congress .
" People pay attention to politics . …
They 're afraid of another effort " to try to enact more gun control , says Andrew Arulanandam , spokesman for the National Rifle Association .
" Part of the concern is spurred by the economic downturn and fear that crime will go up . "
Paul Helmke , president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , fears that violent confrontations will increase as more people carry concealed guns .
" When someone 's carrying a gun around and they 're not fully trained , oftentimes they 'll use it just because it 's there , " he says .
Demand is also up in : • Florida .
The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services hired 61 temporary workers in spring to tackle a backlog in applications , says spokesman Terence McElroy .
The department received 75,520 applications through June , on pace to beat last year 's record of 90,331 .
• Caldwell County , N.C. Residents filed 358 applications for permits in the first half of this year , compared with 135 for the same period last year , " a bigger increase than we 've ever seen in the past , " says Sheriff 's Detective B.J. Fore .
" People are worried about desperate times . "
• Texas .
The Department of Public Safety has seen " an unprecedented increase " in applications since November , spokeswoman Lisa Block says .
• Utah .
June ranked as the top month ever for applications , with 11,292 received , says Lt. Doug Anderson of the state Bureau of Criminal Identification .
This year also is record - setting , he says , with 49,499 applications in through June .
Craig Ball , manager of Impact Guns in Ogden , Utah , has offered more training courses to meet demand .
" Last year , a typical class would be 15 to 20 people , " he says .
" Right after the election , we had as many as 55 people . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For Theoren Fleury , it was a return 10 years in the making — and a triumphant one at that .
Attempting to make a comeback at the age of 41 , the popular yet troubled forward hit the ice with the Calgary Flames for the first time since 1999 and scored the shootout winner in a 5 - 4 pre-season victory over the New York Islanders at the Pengrowth Saddledome on Thursday .
" That was pretty exciting , " he said .
" It was fun , it was a fun game to be in . "
As the capacity crowd of 19,289 chanted " Theo , Theo " , Fleury scored on Islanders goaltender Kevin Poulin with a forehand deke to send the fans into a frenzy .
" I have played in a lot of big hockey games before and this was one that was special for everybody that has been a fan of mine or cheered for me in the past , " Fleury said .
" The way my life has gone , it does n't surprise me that it went to the shootout and I got a chance . "
Asked if he knew what move he planned to make , Fleury replied : " No , you never do .
At least , the good guys do n't . "
It marked Fleury 's first taste of NHL action in six years and first pro hockey goal — and game — in three years .
Flames goaltender David Shantz then forced Greg Moore to fire high and wide of the net — securing the win for Calgary and a special moment for Fleury .
" It was obviously special to have your name chanted like that , " Fleury said .
" It was fun to be back in the ' dome . "
Flames head coach Brent Sutter had no problem in picking Fleury to take part in the shootout .
" It was pretty unanimous on the whole bench , " Sutter said .
" The players wanted him to shoot , too .
" It was the right thing to do .
Why not . "
' I thought he played OK '
Fleury , born in Oxbow , Sask. , and raised in Russell , Man. , has battled alcoholism , and was suspended 25 games in 2002 for violating the NHL 's substance abuse policy and suspended indefinitely for a second offence in 2003 .
The pint - sized pepperpot was reinstated last Thursday by the NHL , permitting him to resume a pro career that ended with him playing overseas three years ago .
Fleury tried to salvage his pro career with the Horse Lake Thunder of the North Peace Hockey League in 2005 , and briefly with the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League in 2006 .
He was offered a tryout last Saturday by the Flames , with whom he starred from 1988 to 1999 .
" It was fun to put that jersey on , " Fleury said .
" When I walked in tonight and I saw it hanging up , I was quite emotional because I worked really hard to get here . "
" It is a day - to - day process and we 're taking it one day at a time , " Sutter noted .
" I thought he played OK . "
K.O. KO'd Islanders forward Kyle Okposo was knocked senseless by Flames defenceman Dion Phaneuf , who levelled him with an open - ice hit at centre ice .
Pascal Morency promptly leaped over the boards to pursue Phaneuf and a minor melee ensured .
Okposo lay prone on the ice more than 6 minutes before leaving immobilized on a stretcher .
A CT scan showed he has a mild concussion , but he took the team flight to Saskatoon , where the Islanders are holding training camp .
" It was a clean hit .
I stepped up and used my shoulder .
You do n't like to see guys get hurt but that is part of my job when the hits are there , to take them . " — Dion Phaneuf
" That is part of Dion 's game .
When he sees that in the middle of the ice he has to use it .
It is one part of his game that makes him a unique player . " — Brent Sutter
" The hit completely changed the complexion of the game .
We were down 3 - 1 at that point … the rink seemed to be tilted after that . " — Theoren Fleury
' It took a while to get going '
Fleury received a roar of approval from the supportive Saddledome crowd in the second period , when he corralled a pass from Langkow and ripped a rising wrist shot that Islanders goaltender Martin Biron smothered .
Tied at 3 - 3 with Fleury serving a hooking penalty , Matt Moulson retrieved a loose puck from the lip of the crease and tucked it inside the right post for the go - ahead goal , his second on the night .
But Fleury was let off the hook four minutes later when David Moss tipped Olli Jokinen 's point shot for a power - goal that knotted it 4 - 4 .
" I thought I played OK , " Fleury said .
" It took a while to get going .
" As the game went on , I got more into the game .
It was fun . "
' I 'm just thrilled '
Fleury was already three years removed from playing for the Chicago Blackhawks by the time he entered a substance abuse program sanctioned by the NHL and NHL Players ' Association .
He will be monitored in the after - care phase of the program by Dr. Dave Lewis on behalf of the NHL and Dr. Brian Shaw for the NHLPA .
" My children were here , my lovely wife was here , my two brothers , my nieces , my nephews and those are the people who , today , are the most important people to me , " Fleury said .
" They have supported me through thick and thin .
" They have gone through the pain and suffering I have gone through as well .
I 'm just thrilled to have this opportunity . "
Fleury ranks second on the franchise scoring list with 830 points , trailing Flames captain Jarome Iginla ( 851 ) .
Fleury has registered 455 goals and 1,088 points in 1,084 NHL games over 15 NHL seasons with the Flames , Colorado Avalanche , New York Rangers and Blackhawks .
He hoisted the Stanley Cup with Calgary in 1989 , and won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics .
Why does WiFi work so poorly at tech conferences ?
I assume that WiFi was n’t really designed to handle a big ballroom with 2000 people , all trying to connect with their laptops and cell phones at the same time .
Sometimes I feel like I ’m lucky if it works in my apartment .
So I never thought it was even possible to get it to work at a large , technically - savvy conference .
At Stack Overflow DevDays , yesterday in Boston , the bandwidth seemed OK but the DHCP server ran out of addresses .
This did n’t seem to be something that anyone could fix .
The conference organizers ( er , me and Greg ) were incredibly busy trying to , you know , organize the conference , so spending time tracking down the mysterious ISP and making them fix their router was impossible .
It ’s almost getting boring to read the conference reports complaining about this .
Almost every conference , even the ones put on by fancy tech companies , has trouble .
I never assume WiFi is going to work whenever I ’m in a room with that many techies .
At the smaller conferences , the ones with , say , 300 - 1000 people , the trouble is that internet access is something of a black box .
If you ’re a conference organizer , your first priority is finding a space — any space — because there usually are n’t a lot of options .
For example if you want to put on an event for 500 people in Seattle , there are probably 20 hotels that can accomodate you and maybe 10 other non-hotel venues .
For the date you want , 3 / 4s of them are booked .
You end up choosing between three options , if you ’re really lucky .
The venue with the best Internet access would be nice , but there are so many other considerations that you do n’t really think about this when you ’re booking the space .
Besides , all the venues tell you they have fantastic , soo - perb A - number - 1 internet access .
When you try to ask complicated questions and explain that your conference has a lot of techies , they say , yes , we understand , we have A - number - 1 internet access , no problem very good .
When you say , “ Yeah , but have you configured your DHCP server so that it has more than the default 254 IP addresses available to hand out , ” they have no idea what on earth you ’re talking about , and of course it turns out that they had some vendor , a company you ’ve never heard of , provide their internet access .
And half the time , that vendor installed a DSL line from the local telco and hooked it up to a LinkSys WRT54g they got at Costco , then installed some kind of crappola welcome - screen software just to make it even worse , and then disappeared .
There are steps that can be taken .
Here ’s an interesting study [ PDF ] done by Intel about making WiFi work at large conferences .
The best idea I got from that was that there should be as many hardwired network access points as possible , to get the heavy users off the air , because ethernet has way more bandwidth .
There are companies that specialize in making WiFi systems that will support large conferences : one that I found is called Meraki ; I do n’t know much about them but their website sure makes it seem like they understand the issues at least .
At the very least , though , a venue should be able to tell you how many access points they actually have ( if it ’s just one , you ’ve got problems ) , whether they are managed access points or not , whether dedicated ports with higher priority can be provided for the speakers and for journalists that do not share bandwidth with the audience , how many IP addresses the DHCP server can provide , the total number of people that can be online at once , and the amount of bandwidth available to the entire site .
If you ca n’t get good answers to these questions before the conference begins , you have to assume that they ’ll be running a single , consumer router connected to a DSL line and that ’s about all you get .
What are some of the best practices for conference organizers ?
What questions should they ask the conference venue or ISP to know , in advance , if the WiFi is going to work ?
What are the most common causes of crappy WiFi at conferences ?
Are they avoidable , or is WiFi simply not an adequate technology for large conferences ?
I thought I ’d ask on ServerFault , so if you have any ideas , have at it !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The anniversary of the reunification of Germany is marked by a special puppet show in Berlin .
The giant marionette of a little girl searching for her uncle commemorates the years of division in both the city and the country .
Dominic Kane reports .
Even though we have yet to see the latest rumored 100GB and 200GB prototype Blu-ray discs , TDK is looking beyond already .
TDK has always pushed the limits .
Earlier , we heard that they are planning 960 GB laptop drives and 3.2TB desktop drives .
Now , they are ready to demo 320 GB ten - layer platters at CEATEC 2009 , based on Blu - Ray technology .
The Concept :
Key in stacking so many layers is achieved by improving the transmittance of the outermost layer .
High Density BluRay does n’t need a more powerful laser to get through , but rather demands a better topmost surface capable of transmitting approx 99 % of the light through it .
With DVDs , we have n’t seen this going above dual - layer because of the higher wavelength of the Red- laser , which has been overcome with Blue Laser that powers Blu - Ray technology .
Imagine a 10 layer disc , still possible to write and read data on and from the disc by using a blue - violet semiconductor laser with an oscillation wavelength of 405nm and an objective lens with a numerical aperture ( NA ) of 0.85 .
On the outerside , there ’s a cover layer , a hard coat layer which protects BluRay discs from scratches , recording layers and a Si-Cu alloy layer reside inside .
The company has tested the disc and has found it to be reliable enough for commercial use ; that ’s why we will see it at CEATEC trade show in Japan next week .
And then we will see World ’s largest Blu - Ray DVD disc , LIVE !
Soon Blu - Ray will make DVDs look ugly and sluggish , as we look at CDs today .
I hope to see a BluRay in every PC in one year .
What do you think ?
Will Blu - Ray prevail ?
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Nature Cell Visualization Cell Visualization Stimulated emission image of hemoglobin ( red ) in blood cells ( inset ) in mouse - ear capillaries .
Text Size A A
A new microscopy technique makes it possible to visualize nonfluorescent molecules based only on their ability to absorb light .
The light that objects absorb and reflect is responsible for the colorful world people see .
But because molecular - level absorption is often too weak to detect under a microscope , imaging of molecules typically relies on fluorescence .
The new approach overcomes this sensitivity problem , allowing imaging of nonfluorescent compounds that would be difficult or impossible to label with fluorescent tags .
The technique depends on stimulated emission ( photon - induced electron de-excitation ) , which was introduced in 1917 by physicist Albert Einstein and is the basis for lasers .
Postdoc Wei Min , grad student Sijia Lu , spectroscopist X. Sunney Xie , and coworkers at Harvard University demonstrate for the first time that stimulated emission can be used as a contrast mechanism for molecular microscopy ( Nature 2009 , 461 , 1105 ) .
The method could make it possible to image biomolecules like hemoglobin , cytochrome , and melanin in living cells and organisms .
Such molecules have undetectable fluorescence , and their low abundance in microscopic samples often leads to absorption too weak to be detected by conventional microscopy .
The technique can visualize drugs as well .
Xie and coworkers used the method to image hemoglobin in blood cells and transdermal delivery of a nonfluorescent drug .
" It 's an impressive outcome , " says Stefan W. Hell of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry , in Göttingen , Germany , adding that he has " a lot of admiration " for Xie and coworkers .
" They have opened up a new way to detect molecules that would otherwise be left in the dark . "
" What I love about this technique is its simplicity , " comments spectroscopist and microscopist Martin T. Zanni of the University of Wisconsin , Madison .
" It is just a standard stimulated - emission experiment , albeit very carefully done .
It could have been done five or 10 years ago , which is one of the things that makes it so beautiful . "
In conventional absorption spectroscopy , a molecule raised to an excited state relaxes back to its ground state principally by converting that energy to heat .
In the new technique , a stimulation beam de-excites a molecule and converts its excitation energy into a photon in an amplified stimulated emission beam .
This signal is generated at the common foci of two laser beams , which are scanned across or through the sample to build 2 - or 3 - D images .
Xie and coworkers use intensity modulation , timing adjustments , and lock - in amplification to manipulate pulsed excitation and stimulation beams in such a way that the stimulated emission can be detected .
" The technique potentially will allow in vivo imaging with micron - scale resolution deep into intact thick tissues , " says Chris B. Schaffer of Cornell University , whose group uses optical techniques to observe and manipulate biological systems .
For example , it could make it possible to study blood oxygenation by monitoring hemoglobin in single brain capillaries or to study redox changes in cytochrome c during the respiratory cascade , he says .
" The idea would be to do stimulated emission microscopy at two wavelengths , where the amount of emission is different for two different states , such as the oxygenation or redox states of a molecule . "
The technique is less sensitive than fluorescence microscopy " but it 's four to five orders of magnitude more sensitive than would normally be possible with absorption , " Schaffer adds .
" It 's an enormous gain in sensitivity . "
Air America , Air America Radio and Air America Media are registered trademarks of Newsweb Radio Company .
All rights reserved .
This site will redirect to WCPT , home of Chicagos Progressive Talk , momentarily .
If the site does not redirect , please click here .
This may be why Microsoft Surface exists :
https://vimeo.com/7132858
Surfacescapes Demo Walkthrough
Surfacescapes is a proof - of - concept project using the Microsoft Surface Table to play interactive role - playing games , in this case geek favorite Dungeons and Dragons .
Players attach physical pieces to the virtual space , which includes all the cool drag and zoom interactions of other Surface apps .
Calculations are automated and battles are animated with creatures intelligent enough to detect where the players are situated on the map when they move .
The project is the work of a team of designers from the Entertainment Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University .
Currently , they only have a basic Game Master tool set programmed , but the researchers are working to enhance the player experience .
The ETC is a world - class research lab dealing with everything from massive multi-player online games to wearable computing to entertainment robotics .
All students are required to take a course in improvisational acting to help prepare them to solve problems with and through storytelling .
The ETC was also home to Randy Pausch ( of Last Lecture fame ) until his death in 2008 .
I wonder if Surfacescapes will evolve to capture more of the D&D culture , including when to order the pizza .
The virtual dice rolling , however , definitely has to go .
Thanks to @dizzyjosh ( via @ MituK ) for the tip .
[ Fellow GeekDad John Baichtal contributed to the writing of this post . ]
Over the past few weeks the Health Ministry has shut down " Tipat Halav " well - baby clinics in the Bedouin communities of Qasr al - Sir , Abu Talul and Wadi el - Na'an , all located within Abu Basma Regional Council limits in the Negev region .
Locals are accusing the ministry of discriminating against them , saying the measure may put thousands of Bedouin infants at risk because the nearest baby clinics are hours away .
Minority Group Bedouins protest municipal budget cuts Ilana Curiel Residents of southern Israel 's Bedouin communities rally at Lehavim Junction .
Local council head says cuts prevent them from meeting residents ' needs Bedouins protest municipal budget cuts
" When I called to ask why the clinic was being shut down , I was told the reason was a shortage of employees , " said Qasr al - Sir Committee Chairman Ibrahim al - Hawashla .
" It is well - known that lack of medical care is a major cause of infant deaths , and the fact that babies are not being vaccinated endangers the entire community .
" Bedouin mothers deserve to raise their children with the same medical attention and security that is being provided in the Negev 's Jewish communities , " he said .
Abu Talul resident Atia al - Asam , who has six grandchildren , said , " The closure of the clinics is a disaster .
Many of the locals have already said they wo n't be able to vaccinate their children .
Not everyone can make the trip to the clinics located in the Jewish towns .
Some are unemployed and there is no public transportation .
" Not providing this service ( baby clinics ) only hurts the weak .
The Health Ministry is simply ignoring the Bedouin population .
They do n’t care about its health .
No one would dare to close a clinic located in a Jewish community , " he said .
Abu Basma Regional Council officials said they may petition the High Court of Justice in case the clinics are not reopened immediately .
The Health Ministry said in response , " Due to a shortage of nurses at " Tipat Halav " clinics in the southern district we were forced to refer the patients to larger clinics . "
The ministry said that over the past few years it had also shut down some clinics that served the Negev 's Jewish population .
TRENTON --
A lot of small business owners run for the Legislature , but one New Jersey candidate can tout a unique entrepreneurial experience : hosting sex - toy parties .
Stepfanie Velez - Gentry is the owner of Nookie Parties LLC .
She makes a living organizing parties for women and couples where she sells sex toys , lotions , games , lingerie and other erotic items .
" It 's kind of like a Tupperware party , but with adult novelties , " the 29 - year - old mother of two explained .
Or , as her Web site puts it , " For parties you will always remember and nights you will never forget . "
" We enhance people 's romances and make people happy .
It 's wonderful , " she said .
" It makes the moms and dads happy , and then everyone is happy . "
Velez - Gentry , a Republican from Bellmawr , is running for State Assembly .
She started the company in 2007 as a way to help support her family in a tough economy .
She said she works with more than 200 people nationwide to set up the parties .
" My husband is a printer .
He 's in fear of losing his job , " she said .
" We 're just like everyone else , we live paycheck to paycheck . "
She is vying for one of two open seat in District 5 , which includes Camden and a stretch of middle - class Philadelphia suburbs .
Most Republicans view the district as the safest in the state for Democrats , and her two opponents — Donald Norcross , the brother of South Jersey power broker George Norcross , and Camden City Council President Angel Fuentes — are well known .
Velez - Gentry said the parties have been a great way to meet voters and network .
She said she always lets party participants know that she 's running for state office .
" I received nothing but positive feedback , " she said .
Camden County Republican Chairman Rick DeMichele saluted her entrepreneurial spirit .
" I knew what she did what she did before she decided to run , " DeMichele said .
" She engages people so easily and really gets out there and takes the approach of one voter at a time .
She makes a great candidate . "
The proposal would concentrate much of the new power with the Federal Reserve , which is problematic for several reasons .
Not only did the Fed fail in its responsibility to identify and stop several of the threats that led to the crisis , it has further damaged its credibility by failing to fully account for how and why those catastrophic lapses occurred .
Before Congress grants new powers to the Fed , it needs a full accounting .
The proposal is also weak on certain components of systemic risk management .
It proposes to keep secret the name of institutions whose failures would be systemically dangerous , ostensibly to prevent them from enjoying lower financing costs and other advantages that come with implicit government backing .
That would be silly if it was n’t so disturbing .
Systemic regulation , done right , should not confer advantages .
Rather , too - big - to - fail firms should be subjected to much higher capital requirements so they can better absorb their potential outsize losses .
They should also be subject to much stiffer insurance premiums , so the government would n’t have to turn to taxpayers to cover the costs of seizing them .
The proposal calls for higher capital , but is vague on specifics .
It also would not charge upfront insurance premiums ; rather , it would levy an assessment on large firms after one of them had failed .
But effective legislation must impose stiff upfront insurance fees and mandate that regulators establish a progressive scale of capital requirements .
The riskier the institution , the higher the capital level .
The aim should be to make size and complexity so expensive that financial firms opt to be smaller and more manageable .
Which brings up the last , but by no means least , of the proposal ’s flaws .
Its premise is that too - big - to fail institutions are an immutable fact of life .
They are not .
The proposal ignores measures that would control risk by controlling size and complexity , like a ban on proprietary stock and derivatives trading by deposit - taking banks .
WESTPORT , Conn .
Last Oct. 28 , on her 46th birthday , Nina Sankovitch read a novel , “ The Elegance of the Hedgehog , ” by Muriel Barbery .
The next day she posted a review online deeming it “ beautiful , moving and occasionally very funny . ”
The next day she read “ The Emigrants , ” by W. G. Sebald , and the day after that , “ A Sun for the Dying , ” by Jean - Claude Izzo .
On Thanksgiving she read Peter Ackroyd ’s biography of Isaac Newton ; on Christmas , “ The Love Song of Monkey , ” by Michael S. A. Graziano ; on July 4 , “ Dreamers , ” by Knut Hamsun .
When seen Friday , she was working on “ How to Paint a Dead Man , ” by Sarah Hall .
She finished two more over the weekend during a trip to Rochester with her family ( husband ; 27 - year - old stepdaughter ; four boys ages 16 , 14 , 11 and 8 ) for her in - laws ’ 60th wedding anniversary .
In a time - deprived world , where book reading is increasingly squeezed off the page , it is hard to know what ’s most striking about Ms. Sankovitch ’s quest , now on Day 350 , to read a book every day for a year and review them on her blog , www.readallday.org.
Helpful reminder that we have more time than we think , if we did not waste so much of it ?
Envy - inducing lesson in parenting ?
( The kids are all dedicated readers , too . )
Meditation on the channeling of grief ?
( She was inspired , in part , by the need to make sense of her oldest sister ’s death . )
Gentle celebration of the glories of books ?
There ’s some of all of that in Ms. Sankovitch ’s Proustian year ( so far minus the Proust ) of reading avidly  late at night , waiting to pick up her kids , at the United States Open .
Petulant and street savvy , they were children nonetheless .
One girl said she used a butter knife and a library card to break into vacant houses .
But after she began living in one of them , she ate dry cereal for dinner for weeks because she did not realize that she could use the microwave to boil water for Ramen noodles .
Another girl was childlike enough to suck her thumb , but dangerous enough to carry a switchblade .
They camped in restricted areas , occasionally shoplifted and regularly smoked marijuana .
But they stayed away from harder drugs or drug dealing , and the older teenagers fiercely protected the younger runaways from sexual or other physical threats .
In waking hours , members of the group split their time among a park , a pool hall and a video - game arcade , sharing cigarettes .
When in need , they sometimes barter : a sleeveless jacket for a blanket , peanut butter for extra lighter fluid to start campfires on soggy nights .
Betty Snyder , the newcomer in the park , said she had bitten her mother in a recent fight .
She said she often refused to do household chores , which prompted heated arguments .
“ I ’m just tired of it all , and I do n’t want to be in my house anymore , ” she said , explaining why she had run away .
“ One month there is money , and the next month there is none .
One day , she is taking it out on me and hitting me , and the next day she is ignoring me .
It ’s more stable out here . ”
Members of the group said they sometimes made money by picking parking meters or sitting in front of parking lots , pretending to be the attendant after the real one leaves .
When things get really desperate , they said , they climb into public fountains to fish out coins late at night .
On cold nights , they hide in public libraries or schools after closing time to sleep .
Image Betty Snyder , 14 , right , with her friend , Christian Height , 14 , at Hawthorne Park , a gathering place for local runaways , in Medford , Ore. Christian is not a runaway .
Credit ... Monica Almeida / The New York Times
Many of the runaways said they had fled family conflicts or the strain of their parents ’ alcohol or drug abuse .
Others said they left simply because they did not want to go to school or live by their parents ’ rules .
When Capitol Hill ’s second stealth Starbucks ( AKA Roy St Coffee and Tea ) opens in the 700 Broadway building , it wo n’t be sharing the inconspicuous , bubble filled entry way with FedEx Office next door .
Crews have installed stairs for what looks like a new , more prominent entrance on the Broadway side of the building ( facing SW ) .
The inside still looks about how it looked over a month ago , with none of the interior in place .
And for those of you that hang out in the twitters , it looks like @RoyStCoffee is on there too , although they have n’t tweeted anything yet .
Britain and France today failed in an attempt to delay a crunch Middle East vote at the UN , amid warnings by Israel that it could derail the peace process .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The UN Human Rights Council in Geneva voted by 25 to six to refer a controversial report accusing Israel of war crimes during the Gaza offensive in January to the Security Council .
Eleven countries formally abstained , however Britain and France did not even take part , having unsuccessfully argued for more time to reach an agreed resolution .
A Downing Street spokesman said : " We did not participate in the vote .
We were involved in discussions with Israel and the Palestinians about potentially substantive improvements in the situation on the ground and have therefore asked for a delay to the vote . "
Earlier , Gordon Brown held fresh discussions with Israeli counterpart Binyamin Netanyahu after the two men had reportedly clashed over the report by Judge Richard Goldstone earlier in the week .
Mr Netanyahu was said to have been furious after Britain and other European countries warned they would abstain in today 's vote .
In what were reported to be " robust exchanges " over the telephone , Mr Brown was said to have told the Israeli leader that his country needed to hold an independent inquiry into the Gaza offensive if it was to escape censure .
Downing Street would not comment on the earlier conversation , which took place on Wednesday , but the Prime Minister 's spokesman said they had spoken again this morning ahead of the Geneva vote .
" I think the fact that there have been discussions this morning is the important point , " the spokesman said .
" The Prime Minister 's priority throughout these negotiations has been to move the peace process forward . "
As well as urging the Israelis to establish an independent inquiry into the loss of civilian life in Gaza , Britain has been pressing for a reopening of the Gaza crossing and a freeze on settlement building .
Every day , somewhere an employee or group of employees is temporarily or permanently laid off , or in that unlovely British phrase , " made redundant . "
Elsewhere a CEO gets high praise , perhaps a bonus , for " rightsizing " his company , chopping health - care benefits , turning pension obligations over to the taxpayers , or getting around the spirit ( and sometimes the letter ) of the law that supposedly guarantees workers collective bargaining rights .
Little outrages that routinely pop up in local newspapers or , if jaw - dropping enough , the national media .
But there 's also the ongoing outrage , du jour in the sense that it happens day after day without surfacing until somebody finally puts the pieces together .
Andrew and Leslie Cockburn have done that in their documentary American Casino .
It 's reviewed by David Denby in the latest issue of The New Yorker :
The movies are still one of the best ways of giving body , flavor , and emotion to the abstractions and puzzlements of an enormous crisis .
In the most fascinating scenes in ' American Casino ' — a terrific documentary chronicling the subprime - mortgage mess and the financial collapse of the past two years — a former banker for Bear Stearns sits in the dark , his face shadowed and his voice ( I believe ) slightly altered .
We might be watching a retired criminal or spy , a man both proud of his dexterity and ashamed of the disaster that it led to .
Out of the shadows , he explains how such bizarre instruments as collateralized debt obligations ( C.D.O.s ) quieted the normal skepticism of investors .
Here ’s the drill : when the bank assembled a group of mortgage - backed bonds as an investment product , it submitted them to a ratings agency .
But the agency , rather than run its own computer models on the trustworthiness of such bonds , he says , merely handed the job back to the bank , which ran its models .
Having received a fee of perhaps a hundred thousand dollars for not doing anything , the agency then signed off on the phony ratings .
You can read about a scam like that in a newspaper and be surprised , but when the perpetrator actually explains it to you your reaction falls somewhere between nausea and hilarity .
It ’s as if the Russian Mafia had paid a Colombian drug cartel to certify its integrity .
Except that the cartel 's certification , based on the Russians ' prompt and complete payments for goods purchased or services rendered , might actually be more on the up and up .
After a while , one looks for straightforward citizenly virtue , and one finds it in the people who are left cleaning up the mess : the mortgage counsellors in Baltimore who try to help people climb out of trouble ; the city official who mournfully boards up houses ; the very matter - of - fact guy who controls the mosquito population before the insects spread disease .
When the recovery comes , all those people will still be there , without acclaim , helping ruined neighborhoods spring back to life .
The movie is a lucid and comprehensive picture of a rotten system , but it ’s a relief to know that some people in the midst of disaster were doing their jobs .
Where 's the regulatory reform that will prevent ( or at least reduce the chances ) of something like this or some other version of it happening again ?
What is being done to deter tomorrow 's silk - suited highwaymen ?
Hark !
Is that the sound of legislation being crafted ?
Or yet another round of the cricket chorus ?
= = =
h/t to Chris Whalen at The Big Picture .
The process of industrial beer kegging holds interesting lessons for the home brewer as well as owners of home draft systems .
The kegging systems of large brewing operations are intended to distribute thousands of gallons of beer .
Meticulous machinery ensures a fine , clean tasting product will pour forth from draft taps the world over in a timely manner .
Most , but not all commercial beers are pasteurized in the keg , ensuring that no unwanted bacteria or yeast changed the flavor of the beer after it leaves the brewery .
Understanding the industrial process of kegging beer can help you to understand your own kegging operations , weather they be kegging your own home brew or simply hooking up a store bought keg to your keg cooler .
Source : HomeBrewing.com Archives
By looking at the industrial process of beer kegging , home brewers and brew pub owners can more easily come up with practical solutions to utilizing kegs for smaller scale beer production .
One lesson that can be taken from the bigger beer manufacturers is to hold on to your kegs !
Thefts of beer kegs from porches and behind liquor stores are causing a lot of hassle and needless cost for industrial beer manufacturers .
According to Pacific Business News , approximately 300,000 stainless steel kegs are stolen in the U.S. each year .
So hold onto those kegs - maybe with a padlock if you have to keep them outside .
Otherwise , your keg might end up at the scrapyard .
The industrial beer kegging process starts with re-use .
Empty kegs are returned to the brewery from the bar , usually via the beer distributor .
The kegs returning may , at times , have stale or tainted beer in them , so they need to be cleaned out thoroughly .
This process starts with removing and cleaning the Sanke valve .
This is the point at which home brewers and brew pub owners must look at what resources are available for them .
The giant , expensive machines used in industrial beer production simply are not practical for smaller scale breweries .
A Sanke valve extraction kit is a necessary investment for brew pub owners .
Home brewers can usually get by without the $ 250 tool by using pliers , screwdriver , and hammer .
That is , until they tire of the bloody knuckles and broken parts .
It is vital that the Sanke valve is removed for cleaning the keg , and also , the " spear " .
This is the part of the keg that shoots down to the bottom of the keg for the purpose of jetting the beer out of the keg .
The inside of the keg must be inspected and scrubbed .
Soaking the keg in high temperature water is helpful .
I have known home brewers who simply fill the keg with water and boil it for an hour or so to clean it .
Caustic solutions can be helpful for getting off stubborn sediment .
The most helpful hint for cleaning kegs seems to be this : clean kegs in a timely manner .
The longer one waits , the more likely some bacterial taint or sedimental sludge will cause you grief in the cleaning process .
During the sanitization process , it is important to realize that using bleach to clean stainless steel is a bad idea - it can cause corrosion on the stainless steel if chlorine is left in contact with the metal .
The industrial kegging process uses steam heat , possibly with chemicals added as well , for this stage .
Sanitization is best done just before the kegs are to be filled .
This gives the " bad guys " ( i.e. bacteria , rogue yeast , etc ) the least amount to time to keg into your keg and your brew .
Cleaning right away is a good idea , but after the kegs have been scrubbed , wait for a thorough sanitization until the next beer is ready to be kegged .
At this point , it is advisable to soak the kegs in an iodophor solution , rinse them with cold water , and then purge the air out by displacing it with CO2 .
Now the keg is ready to be filled with beer !
Industrial beer kegging operations have the benefit of being able to pasteurize their beer , ensuring that the beer will taste at the bar as it did when it left the brewery .
Smaller scale brewers , and craft brewers , do not have this luxury , and so must have a firm comprehension of how beer changes over time .
Beer must have the right yeast and the right sugar ratio to achieve what the brewer is aiming for .
The kegerator , or draft beer dispenser , must also be given the same care and attention to cleaning as the keg has .
If not , tainted beer lines may ruin the fine job of cleaning and sanitation that has been employed upon the keg .
Beer line cleaning and sanitation kits should always be used in between kegs .
AZ Sheriff Joe Arpaio needs no introduction , his bigotry and illegal activity has been well documented .
The latest outrage on his watch comes at the hands of one of his deputies , who forced a woman to give birth while cuffed at the wrists and ankles , then ordered the baby taken from the mother :
The bleeding kept her up all night , drenching her black - and - white - striped jail uniform .
Alma Chacón feared her baby would arrive early .
Her nightmare had started with a traffic stop a day earlier .
She 'd been weeping since .
" What if the baby is born here , in the jail ? " she thought .
In the afternoon , she was shackled and transported to Maricopa County Medical Center , where she gave birth in a " forensic restraint . "
She could n't hold her baby daughter or kiss her .
She could only watch as hospital personnel carried the infant out the door .
She would n't see the baby for 72 days .
Her case raises questions about the use of racial profiling by Maricopa County sheriff 's deputies during traffic stops , but , most importantly , sheds light on the mistreatment of unconvicted immigrants inside county jails .
Read on ...
Chacon did have two warrants for her arrest , but this sort of barbaric treatment goes beyond the pale .
The officer claimed he had no choice , but it does raise some serious red flags .
Somehow I doubt he truly thought Chacon was a flight risk , or capable of doing serious harm to hospital staff in the middle of giving birth .
There is an online petition to remove Sheriff Arpaio , you can view it and sign it here .
Denigrating women is n't new to Arpaio .
He has made no secret of his disdain for women and their reproductive rights .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Wood frog tadpoles " freeze " in response to the odour of a predator
Frogs learn to recognise the smell of their enemies while they are still developing as embryos , say scientists .
Researchers in the US and Canada found that woodfrog embryos were able to learn the " level of threat " posed by their future predators - salamanders .
Embryos put into water containing the odour of a salamander and the odour of injured tadpoles learned that the predator 's smell was a threat .
And the stronger the odour , the more dramatic the tadpoles ' reaction .
Maud Ferarri , the biologist from the University of California ( UC ) Davis in the US who led the study , said that this type of learning had already been seen in fish , larval amphibians and larval mosquitoes .
" This , though , is the first time we document that embryos can do it , " she told BBC News .
She and her team reported their findings in the journal Behavioural Ecology and Sociobiology .
To make the " chemical cues " for their experiment , Dr Ferrari and her colleagues combined crushed tadpoles with water that a tiger salamander had been swimming in .
" We poured these two chemical cues in to the water surrounding the woodfrog egg mass , " explained Dr Ferrari .
" The embryos presumably sample the water and can ' smell ' the cues . "
The results are pretty dramatic - tadpoles go from swimming non stop to not moving at all for several minutes
Maud Ferrari , UC Davis
The scientists used different concentrations of " injured tadpole odour " to find out if the embryos would equate a higher concentration of damaged tadpole to a higher level of threat .
Once the embryos hatched into tadpoles , the researchers were able to test their response to to the salamander cue alone .
" A very common anti-predator behaviour is freezing , " said Dr Ferrari .
" So , to test our tadpoles , we put them in a container with water , and [ measured ] how much they moved before we introduced the salamander odour and how much they moved [ afterwards ] .
The tadpoles that were exposed to a higher concentration of the injured tadpole odour stayed motionless for longer in response to the salamander cue .
This , the researchers say , shows that they had learned that the predator was more dangerous .
" The results are pretty dramatic , " said Dr Ferrari , " tadpoles go from swimming non stop , to not moving at all for several minutes . "
This ability to learn at such an early stage of development makes evolutionary sense , Dr Ferrari added .
" For many species of prey , learning is the only way they have to recognise predators , " she said .
" Since [ this ] seems so fundamental to survival ... there must be selection for learning to occur as early as possible . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Global Warming :
A closer look at the numbers
|| Global Warming || Table of Contents ||
Water Vapor Rules
the Greenhouse System J ust how much of the " Greenhouse Effect " is caused by human activity ?
It is about 0.28 % , if water vapor is taken into account -- about 5.53 % , if not .
This point is so crucial to the debate over global warming that how water vapor is or is n't factored into an analysis of Earth 's greenhouse gases makes the difference between describing a significant human contribution to the greenhouse effect , or a negligible one .
Water vapor constitutes Earth 's most significant greenhouse gas , accounting for about 95 % of Earth 's greenhouse effect ( 4 ) .
Interestingly , many " facts and figures ' regarding global warming completely ignore the powerful effects of water vapor in the greenhouse system , carelessly ( perhaps , deliberately ) overstating human impacts as much as 20 - fold .
Water vapor is 99.999 % of natural origin .
Other atmospheric greenhouse gases , carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , methane ( CH4 ) , nitrous oxide ( N2O ) , and miscellaneous other gases ( CFC's , etc. ) , are also mostly of natural origin ( except for the latter , which is mostly anthropogenic ) .
Human activites contribute slightly to greenhouse gas concentrations through farming , manufacturing , power generation , and transportation .
However , these emissions are so dwarfed in comparison to emissions from natural sources we can do nothing about , that even the most costly efforts to limit human emissions would have a very small -- perhaps undetectable -- effect on global climate .
For those interested in more details a series of data sets and charts have been assembled below in a 5 - step statistical synopsis .
Note that the first two steps ignore water vapor .
1 . Greenhouse gas concentrations 2 . Converting concentrations to contribution 3 . Factoring in water vapor 4 .
Distinguishing natural vs man-made greenhouse gases 5 . Putting it all together Note : Calculations are expressed to 3 significant digits to reduce rounding errors , not necessarily to indicate statistical precision of the data .
All charts were plotted using Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 .
Caveat :
This analysis is intended to provide a simplified comparison of the various man-made and natural greenhouse gases on an equal basis with each other .
It does not take into account all of the complicated interactions between atmosphere , ocean , and terrestrial systems , a feat which can only be accomplished by better computer models than are currently in use .
Greenhouse Gas Concentrations :
Natural vs man-made ( anthropogenic ) 1 .
The following table was constructed from data published by the U.S. Department of Energy ( 1 ) and other sources , summarizing concentrations of the various atmospheric greenhouse gases .
Because some of the concentrations are very small the numbers are stated in parts per billion .
DOE chose to NOT show water vapor as a greenhouse gas !
TABLE 1 .
The Important Greenhouse Gases ( except water vapor )
U.S. Department of Energy , ( October , 2000 ) ( 1 ) ( all concentrations expressed in parts per billion )
Pre-industrial baseline Natural additions Man-made additions Total ( ppb ) Concentration Percent of Total Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) 288,000 68,520 11,880 368,400 99.438 % Methane ( CH4 ) 848 577 320 1,745 0.471 % Nitrous Oxide ( N2O ) 285 12 15 312 0.084 % Misc. gases ( CFC's , etc. ) 25 0 2 27 0.007 % Total 289,158 69,109 12,217 370,484 100.00 %
The chart at left summarizes the % of greenhouse gas concentrations in Earth 's atmosphere from Table 1 .
This is not a very meaningful view though because 1 ) the data has not been corrected for the actual Global Warming Potential ( GWP ) of each gas , and 2 ) water vapor is ignored .
But these are the numbers one would use if the goal is to exaggerate human greenhouse contributions : Man-made and natural carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) comprises 99.44 % of all greenhouse gas concentrations ( 368,400 / 370,484 ) --( ignoring water vapor ) .
Also , from Table 1 ( but not shown on graph ) : Anthropogenic ( man-made ) CO2 additions comprise ( 11,880 / 370,484 ) or 3.207 % of all greenhouse gas concentrations , ( ignoring water vapor ) .
Total combined anthropogenic greenhouse gases comprise ( 12,217 / 370,484 ) or 3.298 % of all greenhouse gas concentrations , ( ignoring water vapor ) .
The various greenhouse gases are not equal in their heat - retention properties though , so to remain statistically relevant % concentrations must be changed to % contribution relative to CO2 .
This is done in Table 2 , below , through the use of GWP multipliers for each gas , derived by various researchers .
Converting greenhouse gas concentrations
to greenhouse effect contribution
( using global warming potential ) 2 .
Using appropriate corrections for the Global Warming Potential of the respective gases provides the following more meaningful comparison of greenhouse gases , based on the conversion : ( concentration ) X ( the appropriate GWP multiplier ( 2 ) ( 3 ) of each gas relative to CO2 ) = greenhouse contribution .:
TABLE 2 .
Atmospheric Greenhouse Gases ( except water vapor )
adjusted for heat retention characteristics , relative to CO2
This table adjusts values in Table 1 to compare greenhouse gases equally with respect to CO2 .
( #'s are unit- less ) Multiplier ( GWP ) Pre-industrial baseline ( new ) Natural additions ( new ) Man-made additions ( new ) Tot. Relative Contribution Percent of Total ( new ) Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) 1 288,000 68,520 11,880 368,400 72.369 % Methane ( CH4 ) 21 ( 2 ) 17,808 12,117 6,720 36,645 7.199 % Nitrous Oxide ( N2O ) 310 ( 2 ) 88,350 3,599 4,771 96,720 19.000 % CFC's ( and other misc . gases ) see data ( 3 ) 2,500 0 4,791 7,291 1.432 % Total 396,658 84,236 28,162 509,056 100.000 %
NOTE : GWP ( Global Warming Potential ) is used to contrast different greenhouse gases relative to CO2 .
Compared to the concentration statistics in Table 1 , the GWP comparison in Table 2 illustrates , among other things : Total carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) contributions are reduced to 72.37 % of all greenhouse gases ( 368,400 / 509,056 ) -- ( ignoring water vapor ) .
Also , from Table 2 ( but not shown on graph ) : Anthropogenic ( man-made ) CO2 contributions drop to ( 11,880 / 509,056 ) or 2.33 % of total of all greenhouse gases , ( ignoring water vapor ) .
Total combined anthropogenic greenhouse gases becomes ( 28,162 / 509,056 ) or 5.53 % of all greenhouse gas contributions , ( ignoring water vapor ) .
Relative to carbon dioxide the other greenhouse gases together comprise about 27.63 % of the greenhouse effect ( ignoring water vapor ) but only about 0.56 % of total greenhouse gas concentrations .
Put another way , as a group methane , nitrous oxide ( N2O ) , and CFC's and other miscellaneous gases are about 50 times more potent than CO2 as greenhouse gases .
To properly represent the total relative impacts of Earth 's greenhouse gases Table 3 ( below ) factors in the effect of water vapor on the system .
Water vapor overwhelms
all other natural and man-made
greenhouse contributions .
3 . Table 3 , shows what happens when the effect of water vapor is factored in , and together with all other greenhouse gases expressed as a relative % of the total greenhouse effect .
TABLE 3 .
Role of Atmospheric Greenhouse Gases
( man - made and natural ) as a % of Relative
Contribution to the " Greenhouse Effect "
Based on concentrations ( ppb ) adjusted for heat retention characteristics Percent of Total Percent of Total -- adjusted for water vapor Water vapor ----- 95.000 % Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) 72.369 % 3.618 % Methane ( CH4 ) 7.100 % 0.360 % Nitrous oxide ( N2O ) 19.000 % 0.950 % CFC's ( and other misc . gases ) 1.432 % 0.072 % Total 100.000 % 100.000 %
As illustrated in this chart of the data in Table 3 , the combined greenhouse contributions of CO2 , methane , N2O and misc .
gases are small compared to water vapor !
Total atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) -- both man-made and natural -- is only about 3.62 % of the overall greenhouse effect -- a big difference from the 72.37 % figure in Table 2 , which ignored water !
Water vapor , the most significant greenhouse gas , comes from natural sources and is responsible for roughly 95 % of the greenhouse effect ( 4 ) .
Among climatologists this is common knowledge but among special interests , certain governmental groups , and news reporters this fact is under - emphasized or just ignored altogether .
Conceding that it might be " a little misleading " to leave water vapor out , they nonetheless defend the practice by stating that it is " customary " to do so !
Comparing natural vs man-made concentrations
of greenhouse gases 4 .
Of course , even among the remaining 5 % of non-water vapor greenhouse gases , humans contribute only a very small part ( and human contributions to water vapor are negligible ) .
Constructed from data in Table 1 , the charts ( below ) illustrate graphically how much of each greenhouse gas is natural vs how much is man-made .
These allocations are used for the next and final step in this analysis -- total man-made contributions to the greenhouse effect .
Units are expressed to 3 significant digits in order to reduce rounding errors for those who wish to walk through the calculations , not to imply numerical precision as there is some variation among various researchers .
Putting it all together :
total human greenhouse gas contributions
add up to about 0.28 % of the greenhouse effect .
5 . To finish with the math , by calculating the product of the adjusted CO2 contribution to greenhouse gases ( 3.618 % ) and % of CO2 concentration from anthropogenic ( man-made ) sources ( 3.225 % ) , we see that only ( 0.03618 X 0.03225 ) or 0.117 % of the greenhouse effect is due to atmospheric CO2 from human activity .
The other greenhouse gases are similarly calculated and are summarized below .
TABLE 4a .
Anthropogenic ( man-made ) Contribution to the " Greenhouse
Effect , " expressed as % of Total ( water vapor INCLUDED )
Based on concentrations ( ppb ) adjusted for heat retention characteristics % of All Greenhouse Gases % Natural % Man-made Water vapor 95.000 % 94.999 % 0.001 % Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) 3.618 % 3.502 % 0.117 % Methane ( CH4 ) 0.360 % 0.294 % 0.066 % Nitrous Oxide ( N2O ) 0.950 % 0.903 % 0.047 % Misc. gases ( CFC's , etc. ) 0.072 % 0.025 % 0.047 % Total 100.00 % 99.72 0.28 %
This is the statistically correct way to represent relative human contributions to the greenhouse effect .
From Table 4a , both natural and man-made greenhouse contributions are illustrated in this chart , in gray and green , respectively .
For clarity only the man-made ( anthropogenic ) contributions are labeled on the chart .
Water vapor , responsible for 95 % of Earth 's greenhouse effect , is 99.999 % natural ( some argue , 100 % ) .
Even if we wanted to we can do nothing to change this .
Anthropogenic ( man-made ) CO2 contributions cause only about 0.117 % of Earth 's greenhouse effect , ( factoring in water vapor ) .
This is insignificant !
Adding up all anthropogenic greenhouse sources , the total human contribution to the greenhouse effect is around 0.28 % ( factoring in water vapor ) .
T he Kyoto Protocol calls for mandatory carbon dioxide reductions of 30 % from developed countries like the U.S. Reducing man-made CO2 emissions this much would have an undetectable effect on climate while having a devastating effect on the U.S. economy .
Can you drive your car 30 % less , reduce your winter heating 30 % ?
Pay 20 - 50 % more for everything from automobiles to zippers ?
And that is just a down payment , with more sacrifices to come later .
Such drastic measures , even if imposed equally on all countries around the world , would reduce total human greenhouse contributions from CO2 by about 0.035 % .
This is much less than the natural variability of Earth 's climate system !
While the greenhouse reductions would exact a high human price , in terms of sacrifices to our standard of living , they would yield statistically negligible results in terms of measurable impacts to climate change .
There is no expectation that any statistically significant global warming reductions would come from the Kyoto Protocol . "
There is no dispute at all about the fact that even if punctiliously observed , ( the Kyoto Protocol ) would have an imperceptible effect on future temperatures -- one - twentieth of a degree by 2050 . "
Dr. S. Fred Singer , atmospheric physicist
Professor Emeritus of Environmental Sciences at the University of Virginia ,
and former director of the US Weather Satellite Service ;
in a Sept. 10 , 2001 Letter to Editor , Wall Street Journal
Research to Watch Scientists are increasingly recognizing the importance of water vapor in the climate system .
Some , like Wallace Broecker , a geochemist at Columbia 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , suggest that it is such an important factor that much of the global warming in the last 10,000 years may be due to the increasing water vapor concentrations in Earth 's atmosphere .
His research indicates that air reaching glaciers during the last Ice Age had less than half the water vapor content of today .
Such increases in atmospheric moisture during our current interglacial period would have played a far greater role in global warming than carbon dioxide or other minor gases . " I can only see one element of the climate system capable of generating these fast , global changes , that is , changes in the tropical atmosphere leading to changes in the inventory of the earth 's most powerful greenhouse gas -- water vapor .
" Dr. Wallace Broecker , a leading world authority on climate
Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , Columbia University ,
lecture presented at R. A. Daly Lecture at the American Geophysical Union's
spring meeting in Baltimore , Md. , May 1996 .
Known causes of global climate change , like cyclical eccentricities in Earth 's rotation and orbit , as well as variations in the sun 's energy output , are the primary causes of climate cycles measured over the last half million years .
However , secondary greenhouse effects stemming from changes in the ability of a warming atmosphere to support greater concentrations of gases like water vapor and carbon dioxide also appear to play a significant role .
As demonstrated in the data above , of all Earth 's greenhouse gases , water vapor is by far the dominant player .
The ability of humans to influence greenhouse water vapor is negligible .
As such , individuals and groups whose agenda it is to require that human beings are the cause of global warming must discount or ignore the effects of water vapor to preserve their arguments , citing numbers similar to those in Table 4 b .
If political correctness and staying out of trouble are n't high priorities for you , go ahead and ask them how water vapor was handled in their models or statistics .
Chances are , it was n't !
I wish to bring an urgent matter to your attention .
The " Origin of Species " with a foreword by Ray Comfort ( ISBN - 13 : 978-0882709192 ) is sharing ratings with the more popular and legitimate version .
Please correct this as soon as possible and save the internet from Ray Comfort 's creationist propaganda .
Thank you for your attention .
- ( your username or name here )
To whom it may concern : The Ray Comfort edition of “ Origin of Species ” is not , in any way , related to the 150th anniversary edition of “ Origin of Species ” by Charles Darwin .
It is a book with a 50 page foreword that is a direct attack , without supporting evidence , on Darwin and evolution .
It promotes anti-intellectualism and is an attempt to dissuade the reader for taking any of the contents of “ Origin of Species ” as serious science .
Ray Comfort paints Darwin with a broad brush claiming many things such as that he is racist , misogynistic , and that Darwin ’s Theory of Evolution and “ Darwinism ” is responsible for the holocaust during World War II , the untold deaths under Stalin in the USSR , and the atrocities of the Chinese government under Mao Zedong .
I understand that you cross reference some books for consumer convenience , however this book is NOT one that should be sharing ratings with the other versions of the book which are actually about “ Origin of Species ” and science .
With a cursory review of the comments and ratings you can see that the rating is being dramatically damaged by this relationship .
This is having an overall negative effect on the rating system and reflects poorly on amazon.com .
I use the rating system to determine the quality of a book , and in this case , the negative ratings are significantly impacting the buying decisions of many people .
The rating system aside .
If you search for the correct version of the 150th anniversary edition with a foreword by Huxley , you ca n’t find it .
At least not simply .
The Ray Comfort version is sold out and hiding the real version which is available .
I feel this is an issue that should be resolved with utmost haste .
Thank you for taking the time to read this and I sincerely hope you are able to take decisive action regarding this .
Amazon.com is a terrific resource and I would hate to see this mark against it stand .
The offending volume ’s ISBN :
ISBN - 10 : 0882709194
ISBN - 13 : 978-0882709192
Regards ,
Morgan Matthew
Please check out the video and then go to amazon and click on help and click on contact and send them an email with the attached long or short version .
Thanks for your support guys !
Go here to contact Amazon.com via email :*** Begin Boilerplate****** End*** Again , here is the linkGo here to contact Amazon.com via email : Again , THANK YOU for your support on this matter !
The Detroit Free Press takes a look at the entrepreneurship of the Insane Clown Posse , the Motor City duo who head up an empire that brings in — please take a second to finish whatever beverage you ’re drinking — upwards of $ 10 million a year .
They have the Gathering , of course , as well as tie - in DVDs and action figures and T - shirts and a forthcoming sequel to their 2001 film Big Money Hustlas .
The combination of capitalist force and music - business longevity has even garnered them something that ’s more priceless — respect !
Violent J , now a 37 - year - old father of two , points to an upcoming positive article in Spin magazine — which once trashed the band in cartoon format .
Very important , that .
( Look for the Slate companion piece , “ No , Wait , The Insane Clown Posse Were Actually Pretty Crappy , ” to come soon . )
But even more important is the bottom line that they ’ve been able to bolster simply by keeping their merchandising in - house !
The group ’s 4,500 - square - foot warehouse is lined with towering shelves of Psychopathic stock , including merch for acts such as Twiztid and Boondox .
Forklifts negotiate big pallets of boxes destined for retailers such as Spencer ’s Gifts and Hot Topic , while staffers process Web - order sales .
Overhead is a new embroidery shop , where machinists stitch ICP ’s distinct hatchet - man logo onto jackets , shirts and hats , all made in - house .
Most acts farm out merch duties to specialty firms , who take a cut of revenue .
Keeping it in - house likely saves ICP up to 20 % , estimates merch industry veteran Bill Blackwell .
Which means : More Faygo for everyone .
Merch masters ICP cash in on Detroit music culture [ Detroit Free Press via The Daily Swarm ]
In 2001 , he outspent his Democratic opponent by 5 to 1 , doling out $ 75 million of his own fortune .
In 2008 , he changed the rules to run for a third - term , persuading the city council that the danger to democracy was outweighed by his urban leadership .
In 2009 , he ’s spending $ 35,000 an hour , even though he holds a double - digit lead over Democratic city comptroller Bill Thompson in recent polls .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ How badly does Michael Bloomberg want a third term as mayor of New York ? ” crows NBC New York .
“ The billionaire is spending $ 35,000 an hour out of his own pocket . ”
Michael Bloomberg may spend $ 100 million during his campaign , already the most expensive self - financed bid in US history .
The multi-billionaire owns 88 percent of Bloomberg , L.P. , and is reportedly the richest man in New York City , with a net worth exceeding $ 17 billion .
Bloomberg is handily expected to win reelection .
Comptroller Thompson has struggled to find his footing , overwhelmed by a sea of Bloomberg campaign ads .
His “ message has been drowned out by Bloomberg ’s barrage of advertising , ” NBC notes .
“ Polls show Bloomberg leading by 15 to 18 points . ”
How ’s New York responding to the news of Bloomberg ’s profligate spending ?
Fifty percent of those who responded to the NBC report online said they were “ bored . ”
Spending his own money has n’t been the only kindling for critics ’ ire .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this year , Bloomberg took heat for videos produced by the city that demonstrated the ability of Americans in other states to buy unlicensed guns .
The videos showed violations of gun laws in Ohio , Tennessee and Nevada in a sting operation he authorized that cost city taxpayers $ 1.5 million and came weeks before his bid for re-election .
Bloomberg , who is the nominee of both the Republican and Independent Parties , hyped the sting on the liberal blog Huffington Post , hours before the videos were publicly available .
Bloomberg said on the site that he authorized the investigation because the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms reports that “ 89 % of guns used in crimes in New York City last year originated out of state . ”
Illustration by Belle Mellor
ALBERT EDWARDS first made a bearish call on the American stockmarket at the end of 1996 .
As an investment - bank strategist ( then at Dresdner Kleinwort , now at Société Générale ) , he was subjected to a fair degree of ridicule over the next decade , particularly during the dotcom boom .
But in the long run Mr Edwards turned out to be right , with last year 's financial calamities his apparent vindication .
Had investors sold the S&P 500 index on his recommendation , bought Treasury bonds and held them for the past 13 years , they would have received a higher return .
But in recent months stockmarkets have staged a remarkable rally : the MSCI world index has climbed by 64 % since March ( see chart 1 ) .
Some forecasters say cheerily that the world economy is likely to make a sprightly recovery .
Mr Edwards , though , remains bearish .
He is one of a stubborn bunch of pessimists who believe that share prices are overvalued and the economic recovery is built on sand .
These unrepentant bears are used to betting against the consensus and are not put off by the rally .
“ I am willing to be patient , ” says another notable pessimist , David Rosenberg of Gluskin Sheff , a Canadian asset - management firm .
Lately the bears have been encouraged by disappointing American data , for example on durable - goods orders and new - home sales .
The best - known sceptic is Nouriel Roubini , an economics professor at New York University 's Stern School of Business , unimaginatively dubbed Dr Doom ( the moniker was first assigned in the financial world to Henry Kaufman , a bond strategist at Salomon Brothers in the 1970s and 1980s ) .
Back in 2005 and 2006 , Mr Roubini sounded warnings about the property bubble and the dangers of the American current - account deficit .
When the credit crunch hit in 2007 , he was treated as a prophet and quickly became a fixture on the conference circuit , delivering jeremiads in heavily accented English ( he was born in Turkey and grew up in Iran and Italy ) .
Mr Roubini 's latest pronouncement , made in early September , was to warn of a slow , U - shaped economic recovery , with below - trend growth for two to three years .
( Optimists predict a V - shape , with recovery as rapid as the slide into recession . )
He fears that surplus economies like China and Japan will not boost consumption enough to make up for the downturn in American consumer spending .
Shock therapy
In general , the bears take the line that the unprecedented actions of governments and central banks ( enormous fiscal deficits , near - zero interest rates and “ quantitative easing ” ) may have jolted the global economy temporarily into life , but they have not resolved the underlying causes of the mess .
In particular , they worry that consumers and companies remain excessively indebted , and that deleveraging will quickly stamp out any recovery .
Their usual template is Japan .
Its example inspired Mr Edwards to come up with the “ Ice Age ” thesis in the 1990s as he mused on how assets should be priced in a world of low nominal GDP growth .
He thought that the dividend yield on American and European equities would eventually exceed the yield on government bonds .
This had come to pass in Japan in the late 1990s and again in the early 2000s , but had not occurred in most Western countries since the late 1950s .
It implied a huge derating of shares .
“ The bulls ' view of the world was that low bond yields and low inflation should cause high price / earnings ratios , ” explains Mr Edwards .
But in his view the bulls were ignoring the corollary ; that low inflation would lead to low earnings growth .
When investors cottoned on to the subdued outlook for profits , as they did in Japan , the effect on share prices was dramatic .
Mr Edwards admits that he consistently underestimated the determination of the authorities to prevent a bear market .
As they cut interest rates in response to each market wobble , the result was a series of bubbles , first in technology shares and then in housing .
The other bears agree , and see the recent market rally as simply the authorities ' latest attempt to prop up asset prices .
George Magnus , an economic adviser at UBS , a big Swiss bank , says : “ This recovery is entirely dependent on the unprecedented largesse of governments and central banks .
Things may be better than last autumn when there was an imminent threat of a financial collapse but the recovery is built on very short - term foundations . ”
In particular , businesses emptied their inventories last year ; manufacturing has enjoyed a rebound in recent months as companies have stopped slashing stocks , but Mr Magnus argues it is not self - sustaining .
Mr Rosenberg says government incentive schemes have been behind the housing - market rally and the jump in car sales .
Activity was similarly boosted in the fourth quarter of 2001 after the Federal Reserve slashed interest rates in response to the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
But he points to the sharp slowing of American car sales in September after the cash - for - clunkers programme ended and thinks the same may occur in housing when a subsidy to first - time buyers expires at the end of November .
Because the recovery is so dependent on government support , the bears think it will soon peter out .
Mr Edwards worries that the economy will start to turn down in the first half of next year .
Mr Magnus thinks the global economy might be able to eke out a meagre growth rate but “ if you do n't have credit growth operating , it is hard to sustain spending while unemployment is still rising . ”
The bears argue that although governments may have stabilised the banking system , they have not been able to restart private - sector lending .
In America bank lending has been falling rapidly over the past three months while in the euro zone broad - money growth has slipped to just 2.5 % year - on - year ( see the left panel of chart 2 ) .
In recent months consumers in Britain and America , two of the most heavily leveraged economies , have been repaying debt ( see the right panel ) .
The problem , according to Mr Magnus , is that household balance - sheet problems tend to last .
“ They are often linked to property and property busts which take years to play out , ” he says .
Mr Edwards thinks the outcome will be a reverse of the 1990s boom , when rising asset prices boosted consumer confidence , spending and the economy .
Now that share and house prices have dropped , consumers will increase their savings and reduce consumption , weighing the economy down .
The debt problem will act as a permanent drag on the hopes for recovery .
Japan had lots of economic rebounds and stockmarket rallies in the course of the 1990s .
Over the entire decade , however , the economy was sluggish and investors lost a large proportion of their money .
The Nikkei 225 average , Tokyo's best - known stockmarket measure , is still only a quarter of its peak , reached at the end of 1989 .
The bears think many Western economies will face a similar period in the doldrums .
“ My forecast is not a V - shaped recovery or a W [ a second dip , then recovery ] but a long series of Us with periods of expansion followed by contraction , ” says Mr Magnus .
“ There is a lot of volatility but the economy does n't really go anywhere . ”
Just as monetary easing has not resulted in any surge in lending , the bears also think the fiscal element will run out of steam .
“ The fiscal stimulus has to end , because we can't keep expanding the deficit , ” says Mr Edwards .
Either voters will be unwilling to sanction higher deficits , or the markets will take fright and push up bond yields , killing the recovery by a different method .
British political debate is already dominated by the need to cut spending and raise taxes .
A rally too far
Given this outlook , the bears believe stockmarkets have got far ahead of themselves : the S&P 500 , having sunk below 680 in early March , stood at 1,057 at the end of September .
“ If the S&P 500 was at 840 - 860 , I would say this is a natural market reaction to the end of a recession , but let 's get a grip , ” says Mr Rosenberg .
“ The market is up 60 % from the lows , not 20 % .
Normally , it takes three years of recovery before the market is up 60 % .
The rally has occurred while the American economy has shed 2.5 m jobs .
This market is pricing in 4 % economic growth , but what if there 's only 1 - 2 % growth next year ? ” he asks .
In addition , Mr Rosenberg says investors should be suspicious that the recovery is so dependent on low interest rates and government action .
“ What is the appropriate multiple that investors should place on earnings that are being propped up by the government ?
All asset prices are going up together , from gold to Treasury bonds .
People say the rally is driven by liquidity .
But when every analyst is talking about liquidity you know the top is near , ” he argues .
Conventional analysts tend to argue that on the basis of profit forecasts for 2010 , stockmarkets are reasonably valued .
But bears doubt that profits will rebound so dramatically .
They tend to prefer longer - term measures .
Andrew Smithers of Smithers & Co , a consultancy , produced a timely book in 2000 arguing that Wall Street was in bubble territory .
On his two favourite measures , the q ratio ( which compares share prices with the replacement cost of net assets ) and the cyclically adjusted price / earnings ratio ( which averages profits over ten years ) , the American market is still overvalued , by 41 % and 37 % respectively .
As chart 3 shows , Wall Street got back to an average valuation by the March lows , but never looked particularly cheap by historical standards .
The bears quoted above are all academics or strategists who can afford to take a detached view when the markets move against them .
Mr Magnus is a veteran observer who has seen a few market cycles .
Mr Rosenberg has escaped from the optimistic consensus at Wall Street ( he worked until last year at Merrill Lynch , which used a bull as a corporate symbol ) .
Mr Edwards has the security of regularly finishing top of polls of London 's favourite strategists , despite ( or perhaps because of ) his bearish views .
Mr Smithers runs his own firm .
Things are rather different for Bill Fleckenstein , who runs a hedge fund at his firm , Fleckenstein Capital .
A noted sceptic on the dotcom and housing booms , he closed his short - only fund ( which bet on falling prices ) in 2008 .
“ I always knew the response to the recession would be printing money and did n't want to be short any more , ” he says .
“ If they print enough money , stocks can go anywhere they want to . ” Crispin Odey , a London hedge - fund manager , has expressed similar views .
But this is tactical , rather than strategic , bullishness .
Mr Fleckenstein thinks the authorities ' tactics are eventually doomed to failure .
“ You can not print your way to prosperity , ” he says .
In that sentence , he sums up the bearish case .
Federal legislation requiring that every American have health insurance is part of all the major health - care reform plans now being considered in Washington .
Such a mandate , however , would expand the federal government ’s authority over individual Americans to an unprecedented degree .
It is also profoundly unconstitutional .
An individual mandate has been a hardy perennial of health - care reform proposals since HillaryCare in the early 1990s .
President Barack Obama defended ...
Barbara Ehrenreich wants to make clear that she is not a spoilsport .
“ No one can call me a sourpuss , ” she declared .
“ I have a big foot in the joy camp . ”
She is the author of “ Dancing in the Streets , ” a history of “ collective joy , ” she notes , and a lot of fun at parties .
So her new book , “ Bright - sided : How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America , ” should not be mistaken for a curmudgeonly rant .
It is serious social history .
Many of the 17 books that Ms. Ehrenreich has written during the past three and half decades have taken her into alien worlds .
In her fantastically successful 2001 book , “ Nickel and Dimed , ” for example , she details her experience of trying to get by on the salary of an unskilled , minimum - wage worker .
By contrast , this newest volume is based on her stay in a world that she became intimately familiar with : the smiley - faced , pink - ribboned , positive - thinking culture that surrounds breast cancer patients .
Ms. Ehrenreich found out she had the disease in 2000 , and the news left her dazed , fearful and , most of all , angry .
What she found when she sought information and support , however , was cheerfulness , and that shocked her .
Tony Blair 's hopes of becoming Europe 's first sitting president were receding fast last night as Britain admitted his chances of success were " fading " after the continent 's centre - right leaders made it clear one of their own must have the post .
Hours after Gordon Brown delivered his strongest statement of support for Blair – disclosing that he had spoken to him earlier this week – British sources indicated that the former prime minister was unlikely to assume the high - profile job .
" It would be right to describe Tony 's chances as fading , " one source said .
" Nicolas Sarkozy and Angela Merkel are not terribly enthusiastic .
Silvio Berlusconi remains his strongest backer . "
Blair 's expected failure to secure the post of president of the European Council meant that David Miliband was emerging as a serious contender to assume the new post of high representative for foreign policy .
The foreign secretary insisted that he was " not available " .
Miliband spoke out as British sources said it had become clear in recent days that Blair would struggle to become president .
The post is likely to be filled in the next month as the Czech Republic inches closer to ratifying the Lisbon treaty after EU leaders agreed last night to include Prague in a protocol saying that the charter of fundamental rights does not create new rights .
Sarkozy , the French president , and Merkel , the German chancellor , discussed the new EU president at a dinner at the Elysée palace on Wednesday .
They are understood to have agreed that the post should be filled from the main centre - right EPP grouping , which brings together the parties currently ruling most EU countries .
The French made clear in Brussels last night that Blair was losing their support .
Jean - David Levitte , Sarkozy 's most senior foreign affairs adviser , said : " The UK is not in the eurozone , nor in the Schengen [ free travel area in the EU ] and it has a number of opt outs .
These are not advantageous in this search for a candidate . "
Levitte indicated that Sarkozy was looking for someone who could combine the role of a chairman of meetings of EU leaders and representing the union on the world stage .
" The ideal is to find a rare bird who can carry out the two functions , because we want an efficient Europe with strong institutions , " he said in remarks which appeared to undermine Blair , who is seen as a world figure , not a chairman .
Brown hinted that Blair 's candidacy was fading when he qualified his strong backing for his predecessor by saying that there were also other candidates for the job .
" Of course it may not happen ; there are other candidates as well , " he said .
The prime minister 's remarks came after an acrimonious meeting of European centre - left leaders .
Brown was understood to have had a tense exchange with Martin Schulz , the German leader of the Socialists in the European parliament , who wants the left to assume the EU 's new foreign policy post , leaving the presidency to the centre right .
Brown told the meeting : " You need to get real .
This is a unique opportunity to get a progressive politician to be the president of the council . "
But it soon became clear that Blair had no support on the left , let alone on the centre right .
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , Spain 's centre - left prime minister , for the first time publicly queried the Blair candidacy by announcing that the centre left across the EU was more concerned with securing the other post of European foreign minister .
Zapatero , who will have to work with the new European figureheads when Spain assumes the EU 's six - month rotating presidency on 1 January , said : " There is a preference for the high representative .
That is rather reasonable . "
Jean Asselborn , Luxembourg 's foreign minister , said : " Now in the United States , Obama is the president , it is no more Mr Bush .
We have a new treaty , we have to reset Europe and we need to start with some new ideas .
There is and will remain a link for the next generation between Iraq , Bush and Tony Blair . "
Downing Street will resist criticism that it was wrong to mount such a strong campaign in favour of Blair after it had become clear earlier this week that his chances were fading .
Brown believes it was in the national interest to argue strongly as long as there was a chance to secure such a senior post for the country .
Brown said : " His international experience is well known , his expertise on environmental , economic and security issues is well known …
If you have the chance for that to happen , it is in Britain 's national interest . "
His comments came despite signs that Blair has little support among the British public for the EU post .
Of 50 Labour backbenchers who responded to a Guardian survey , 35 said they backed the former prime minster for the role and 15 did not .
A YouGov poll for the Daily Telegraph found 31 % of voters support Blair for president , with 31 % opposed and 38 % undecided .
The electric super - car race just got a big jolt with Audi confirming the awesome e-Tron electric sports car is a go .
Johan de Nysschen , the president of Audi of America , says the German automaker will build an electric sports car based on the e-Tron concept that damn near stole the Frankfurt auto show last month .
Better yet , he tells Automotive News we could see something by 2012 .
" I expect we will see running examples in the next 24 months , " he said .
It remains to be seen how closely the production model will hew to the concept , which falls between the Audi TT and R8 in size .
It also is n't clear whether Audi will develop the concept 's drivetrain – which sports four motors producing 230 kilowatts ( 313 horsepower ) and a staggering 3,319 pound - feet of torque – or use something a little more conventional .
By the way , you read that torque figure correctly .
It 's not a typo .
The e-Tron sports a 42.4 - kilowatt - hour , liquid - cooled lithium - ion battery with a range of 154 miles .
Recharge time is six to eight hours at 230 volts .
The e-Tron almost certainly is a shot across the bow of Mercedes - Benz and its electric Gullwing , but it also would compete with the Tesla Roadster .
And to think it was only last month when Nysschen said electric vehicles are “ for the intellectual elite who want to show what enlightened souls they are . "
Automotive News says Audi also is developing hybrid vehicles , including a Q5 crossover utility that could be here by 2011 .
Photo : Audi .
Rupert Stadler , Audi ’s chairman of the board ( he ’s the guy in the red tie ) , and Michael Dick , member of Audi ’s technical development board , with the e-Tron at the Frankfurt auto show .
Brain - Computer Interfacing ( BCI ) can be used for capturing brain signals and translating them into commands that allow humans to control ( just by thinking ) devices such as computers , robots , rehabilitation technology and virtual reality environments .
This experiment goes a step further and was conducted by Dr Christopher James from the University ’s Institute of Sound and Vibration Research .
The aim was to expand the current limits of this technology and show that brain - to - brain ( B2B ) communication is possible .
Dr James comments : “ Whilst BCI is no longer a new thing and person to person communication via the nervous system was shown previously in work by Professor Kevin Warwick from the University of Reading , here we show , for the first time , true brain to brain interfacing .
We have yet to grasp the full implications of this but there are various scenarios where B2B could be of benefit such as helping people with severe debilitating muscle wasting diseases , or with the so - called ‘ locked - in ’ syndrome , to communicate and it also has applications for gaming . ”
His experiment had one person using BCI to transmit thoughts , translated as a series of binary digits , over the internet to another person whose computer receives the digits and transmits them to the second user ’s brain through flashing an LED lamp .
Dr Chris James
While attached to an EEG amplifier , the first person would generate and transmit a series of binary digits , imagining moving their left arm for zero and their right arm for one .
The second person was also attached to an EEG amplifier and their PC would pick up the stream of binary digits and flash an LED lamp at two different frequencies , one for zero and the other one for one .
The pattern of the flashing LEDS is too subtle to be picked by the second person , but it is picked up by electrodes measuring the visual cortex of the recipient .
The encoded information is then extracted from the brain activity of the second user and the PC can decipher whether a zero or a one was transmitted .
This shows true brain - to - brain activity .
Watch Dr James ’ BCI experiment .
Dr James is part of the University of Southampton ’s Brain - Computer Interfacing Research Programme , which brings together biomedical engineering and the clinical sciences and provides a cohesive scientific basis for rehabilitation research and management .
Projects are driven by clinical problems , using cutting - edge signal processing research to produce an investigative tool for advancing knowledge of neurophysiological mechanisms , as well as providing a practical therapeutic system to be used outside a specialised BCI laboratory .
Dr James also appeared on BBC2’s ‘ James May ’s Big Ideas ’ last year , talking about thought controlled wheelchairs and introducing the field of BCI .
You can view the segment here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyrd0uOuyms&feature=related
Goddamn , I just ca n’t get enough of Jennique Adams .
God , I get all horny just thinking about a hard cock sliding between Jennique ’s huge natural tits .
This busty German punk babe has perfect tits and killer curves .
I love this busty emo babe .
Jennique ’s tits and tattoos drive me crazy !
Her pierced nipples are hot too .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Walnut Creek Personal Injury Attorneys
Representing Clients In Contra Costa & The Bay Area For 40 +
Years
Since 1979 , Casper , Meadows , Schwartz & Cook has been providing trusted representation to clients throughout Northern California .
Our experienced Walnut Creek personal injury lawyers have decades of collective experience that we put to work for each and every client .
Due to our extensive knowledge and resources , our firm is able to take on cases that many other firms simply can’t .
As a result of our dedication , hard work , and client - oriented legal services , our firm has obtained more than 50 verdicts and settlements in excess of $ 1 million .
No matter how complex your case might be , we have the legal know - how and extensive experience to navigate your case successfully .
Our vast resources include a network of invaluable connections with experts in various fields who help us get the answers you need and achieve the results you deserve .
We know that former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin can hunt , and even field - dress a moose , but how will she take to poachers on her book sales ?
Start - up publisher OR Books has announced plans to publish Going Rouge : Sarah Palin An American Nightmare , a collection of essays about the maverick Republican with a title — and cover design — remarkably similar to Palin ’s upcoming memoir .
What ’s more , OR ’s paperback tome will be released on Nov. 17 , the same day that Palin ’s own Going Rogue : An American Life hits shelves — and one day after Palin ’s just - announced , first - ever appearance on Oprah Winfrey ’s show .
( A shout - out to Ron Hogan at GalleyCat for the tip . )
Going Rouge is compiled by Richard Kim and Betsy Reed , two top editors of the left - leaning weekly The Nation , and includes essays by Nation regulars like Katrina vanden Heuvel , Naomi Klein , and Katha Pollitt .
It ’s the first release from OR Books , a fledgling outfit founded earlier this year by publishing veterans John Oakes and Colin Robinson that “ embraces progressive change in politics , culture and the way we do business , ” according to its website .
I realize that this anti-Palin book is a paperback and probably wo n’t be stocked anywhere near Palin ’s hardcover memoir in bookstores , but do these jackets look too similar to be , well , fully kosher ?
At the very least , might some hockey - mom - loving conservatives be confused enough to pick up the wrong book ?
You betcha !
find a more recent update for Super Typhoon Lupit , CLICK HERE
As I had previously cautioned , Typhoon Lupit became Super Typhoon Lupit .
The Super Typhoon Lupit Forecast
Track has the same result as previously mentioned though how it gets there got changed .
The end result is a landfall in Luzon , Philippines ; the same area that was devastated by Typhoon Parma and Tropical Storm Ketsana just a few weeks ago .
The country knows its coming but what to do about it is another question .
The route there got altered a bit as a trof split the big fat ridge that has been the primary steering mechanism for the storm .
The ridge expanded last week and finally drove Parma into Vietnam .
All that happened was a little weakness developed and allowed Lupit to turn north - northwest .
But , that weakness in the ridge to the north is lifting up and out to the northeast .
The ridge is re-establishing itself and will be driving Typhoon Lupit on a westward , if not a west - southwest course over the next few days .
Both the GFS and NOGAPS feature a very strong tropical cyclone moving across the northern Philippines .
The only difference is the timing .
The GFS calls for a landfall around 18 Z on Wednesday while the NOGAPS is slower with a Friday 6Z landfall .
Two things of interest besides the obvious grave threat to the Philippines .
First thing is that the big ridge will continue to drive this guy west , which means it wo n’t linger over Luzon like Parma did .
But , it also means that it will be driving a weakened , but still formidable tropical cyclone into Vietnam , which also suffered ill effects from both Ketsana and Parma .
The second thing is that the official forecast from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center calls for a decrease in intensity from Super Typhoon to Typhoon status prior to landfall .
The reasoning ( found below ) is that the ridge steering the strom will be so strong as to impede the outflow on the north side of the storm .
In my view , the reasoning is debatable but the conclusion is fairly sound .
It is extremely difficult for a tropical cyclone to maintain such a high intensity of 135 kt sustained winds ( 155 mph ) with 165 kt gusts ( 190 mph ) .
The reason is that it needs to maintain all perfect conditions such as outflow , water temperature , dry air intrusion and other factors and that just does n’t generally remain consistent for extended periods .
Now the JTWC only backs it down to 120 kts at landfall sometime after 00Z on Thursday ( which is a convenient compromise between the NOGAPS and GFS solutions ) and that is still extremely dangerous .
It will be interesting to see if it does indeed fall back to that extent without any other impediment than the one outlined by the JTWC .
The Precipitable Water Loop ( Morphed Integrated Microwave Imagery Total Precipitable Water ) is a really interesting way to visualize the ridge to the north , the motion and potential dry air influences .
WDPN31 PGTW 190300
MSGID / GENADMIN / NAVMARFCSTCEN
PEARL HARBOR HI /JTWC //
SUBJ / PROGNOSTIC REASONING FOR SUPER TYPHOON 22W ( LUPIT ) WARNING
/ NR 021 //
RMKS /
1. FOR METEOROLOGISTS .
2. 12 HOUR SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS .
A. SUPER TYPHOON ( STY ) 22W ( LUPIT ) , LOCATED APPROXIMATELY 785 NM
EAST - NORTHEAST OF MANILA , PHILIPPINES , HAS TRACKED NORTH -
NORTHWESTWARD AT 05 KNOTS OVER THE PAST SIX HOURS .
RECENT ANIMATED
MULTISPECTRAL IMAGERY ( AMI ) SHOWS A RING OF DEEP CONVECTION
SURROUNDING A LARGE EYE WITH DEEP CONVECTIVE BANDS WRAPPING INTO THE
LOW LEVEL CIRCULATION CENTER .
POLEWARD OUTFLOW APPEARS TO BE
DECREASING IN AMI AS THE MIDLATITUDE TROUGH TO THE NORTHEAST MOVES
OUT OF THE AREA AND A REGION OF CONFLUENT FLOW MOVES INTO THE AREA
NORTH OF THE SYSTEM .
ALSO EVIDENT IN AMI IS THE SYSTEM TURNING
TOWARDS THE WEST AS THE SUBTROPICAL RIDGE ( STR ) BUILDS BACK INTO THE
REGION FOLLOWING THE PASSAGE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED MIDLATITUDE
TROUGH .
POSITION IS BASED ON FIXES FROM RJTD AND PGTW , AND INTENSITY
IS BASED ON ESTIMATES FROM PGTW , KNES , AND RJTD .
3. FORECAST REASONING .
A. THE FORECAST REASONING HAS NOT CHANGED SINCE THE PREVIOUS
PROGNOSTIC REASONING BULLETIN .
B. STY 22W WILL COMPLETE A TURN TO THE WEST BY TAU 12 AND WILL
TRACK WESTWARD TO WEST - SOUTHWESTWARD OVER THE NEXT 72 HOURS IN THE
SOUTHERN PERIPHERY OF THE LOW - TO MID - LEVEL STR BUILDING INTO THE
NORTHEAST .
THE SYSTEM WILL REMAIN JUST SOUTH OF THE UPPER - LEVEL RIDGE
THROUGHOUT THE FORECAST TRACK , AND THIS WILL SLIGHTLY IMPEDE POLEWARD
OUTFLOW AND CAUSE THE SYSTEM TO GRADUALLY WEAKEN TO TYPHOON STRENGTH
OVER THE NEXT 24 HOURS .
NUMERICAL MODEL GUIDANCE HAS COME INTO
EXCELLENT AGREEMENT WITH ALL MEMBERS OF CONSENSUS ( WITH THE CONTINUED
EXCEPTION OF WBAR ) IN A TIGHT CLUSTER THAT CLOSELY APPROXIMATES THE
FORECAST TRACK .
TRACK SPEEDS ARE ALSO IN RELATIVELY GOOD AGREEMENT .
C. AFTER TAU 72 THE SYSTEM WILL TRACK MORE WEST - SOUTHWESTWARD AS
THE STR OVER SOUTHEASTERN CHINA BUILDS AND STEERS THE SYSTEM TO LOWER
LATITUDES .
STY 22W IS EXPECTED TO MAKE LANDFALL IN NORTHERN LUZON
SHORTLY AFTER TAU 72 AND CROSS LAND INTO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA .
A LOSS
IN INTENSITY CAN BE EXPECTED BEFORE THE SYSTEM MOVES BACK OVER WATER
AND BEGINS A PERIOD OF SLIGHT RE- INTENSIFICATION .//
NNNN
When Charles Darwin published On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life 150 years ago next month , he avoided conjecture about the origin of life and " To my mind it accords better with what we know of the laws impressed on matter by the Creator " shows that he had limits on the cultural firestorm he wanted to create in the name of science .
But the world 's most famous British naturalist did explain in other documents how our first ancestors could have come into being , says an international team .
" All organic beings that have lived on Earth could be descended from some primordial form " , explained Darwin in ' The Origin of Species ' in 1859 and took it upon himself to understand the evolutional processes underlying biodiversity .
" Darwin was convinced of the incredible importance of this issue for his theory and he had an amazingly modern materialist and evolutional vision about the transition of inanimate chemical matter into living matter , despite being very aware of Pasteur 's experiments in opposition to spontaneous generation " , Juli Peretó , principal author of this study and researcher at the Cavanilles Institute of Evolutional Biology and Biodiversity at the University of Valencia , explained to Servicio de Información y Noticias Científicas ( SINC ) .
Darwin had advanced ideas about the origin of life , says a new article .
Photo provided by Armin Cifuentes
The study , which is published in the latest issue of the journal Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres , demonstrates that Darwin had an advanced idea on the origin of the first species , and was troubled by the problem .
" It is utterly wrong to think that he was invoking a divine intervention ; it is also well documented that the mention of the ' Creator ' in The Origin of the Species was an addition for appearance 's sake that he later regretted " , affirms Peretó .
According to the researchers , all Darwin 's opinions on the origin of life can be found in his private correspondence and in his notebooks .
The exception is a review of a book on foraminiferous microorganisms published in 1863 in the London social club Athenaeum , where Darwin " lets his opinion on the spontaneous generation be known " .
The international team , comprising Spanish , US and Mexican scientists , has not only examined in detail the phrases , texts and paragraphs of the letters , but has also put into context all Darwin 's opinions on the origins of life , available online and in the original manuscripts .
A comment in a notebook dating back to 1837 , in which Darwin explains that " the intimate relationship between the vital phenomena with chemistry and its laws makes the idea of spontaneous generation conceivable " , gave the researchers their clue .
In another famous letter sent in 1871 to his friend , the English botanist and explorer Joseph D. Hooker , Charles Darwin imagines a small , warm pool where the inanimate matter would arrange itself into evolutionary matter , aided by chemical components and sufficient sources of energy .
In other letters , the naturalist admitted to colleagues such as Alfred Russel Wallace or Ernst Haeckel that spontaneous generation was important to the coherence of the theory .
However , " at the same time , he acknowledged that science was not advanced enough to deal with the question ( hence his reluctance to speak of it in public ) and that he would not live to see it resolved " , Peretó points out .
Colorado U.S. Sen .
Mark Udall
Wednesday took his boldest step yet on the road to a national nuclear renaissance as part of a program designed to combat global warming .
He introduced the Nuclear Energy Research Initiative Improvement Act of 2009 in a lengthy speech on the Senate floor in which he acknowledged he was likely stepping on an environmental landmine .
“ For some , news that a Udall is speaking favorably about nuclear power will come as a stark – and perhaps unpleasant – surprise .
But I also believe public and expert opinion on the risks and benefits of nuclear power has changed , ” Udall said , referencing the 1979 Three Mile Island power plant meltdown and the industry ’s struggle to improve its public image in the ensuing three decades .
“ Looking beyond environmental concerns , and as we face perhaps our greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression , we also need an ‘ all of the above ’ solution to jump - start our economy .
That means continuing our development of renewable energy sources such as wind , solar and biomass , as well as traditional energy resources like coal , oil and cleaner fuels like natural gas , ” said Udall , a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee .
The Senate bill , co-sponsored by Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Sen. Jeff Bingaman , D - N.M. , and Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R - Alaska , would clear the way for the U.S. Department of Energy to engage in research into modular and small - scale nuclear reactors , cost - efficient manufacturing for nuclear power facilities and enhanced proliferation controls .
The bill is largely viewed as an olive branch to key Republicans who insist nuclear power , a nearly carbon - free source of energy , must play a bigger role in the pending Boxer - Kerry climate change bill , which would set a cap on carbon emissions and penalize the nation ’s largest polluters .
“ The scale of the energy changes we must make dictates that we be open to the widest variety of energy options , particularly those with domestic potential and those with cleaner emissions , ” Udall said , repeating a favorite phrase .
“ In other words , there is no silver bullet that can solve all of our energy challenges ; we are going to need silver buckshot . ”
Keith Hay , energy advocate for Denver - based Environment Colorado , said Udall ’s own state would bear the environmental brunt of a revival of the nation ’s nuclear power industry , which currently accounts for a about 20 percent of the nation ’s electrical power , although no new nuclear plants have come online since the Three Mile Island disaster .
“ We do n’t think that renewable energy is a silver bullet ; we just think that there are some things that should n’t be part of the buckshot going forward , and nuclear [ power ] certainly should n’t be part of that buck shot , ” Hay said .
“ We certainly agree with Sen .
Udall that climate change is important and a pressing need , but we clearly disagree with Sen .
Udall on the path forward . ”
Udall talked about bringing several new reactors online in the coming decade in order to work out the costs associated with nuclear power , which he admitted are relatively unknown given the dormancy of the industry over the past 30 years .
“ Environment Colorado believes , and the numbers show , that what we need to do is efficiency first , clean energy second and then there may be other solutions , ” Hay said .
“ But to move nuclear to the head of the line when it ’s one of the most costly solutions that we have is just not the right step . ”
Udall acknowledged that the National Academy of Sciences puts the cost of electricity from new nuclear plants at between 8 to 13 cents per kilowatt - hour , a big range given the average national price of electricity from all types of energy was 10.42 cents in July of 2009 , according to the DOE ’s Energy Information Administration .
“ The first wave of nuclear power plants will go a long way towards telling us whether new plants can be built on budget and on schedule in the United States , ” Udall said .
“ I hope the answers are ‘ yes ’ and ‘ yes , ’ and that the final cost of electricity is at the lower end of the uncertainty range .
I say this because – if nuclear energy is to survive as a viable option – it will need to compete against other low - carbon technologies in the long run . ”
Hay said nuclear plants have a track record of coming online behind schedule and way over budget .
“ The road going forward is a renewable energy road and it does n’t make sense to start building new nuclear plants on the hope that they ’ll come in on time and under budget , ” Hay said .
“ We just do n’t think that investing in nuclear power and putting the taxpayers on the hook for that bill is a responsible and sensible solution to meeting our energy needs or combating global warming .
It just does n’t do either of those things as well as the other alternatives that we have . ”
One of Hay ’s biggest concerns is what a nuclear power revival will mean for Colorado , one of the West ’s leading uranium producers in the past but a state with a legacy of mining pollution .
“ Colorado is on the front end of any nuclear renaissance , and in fact we ’re on the dirty front end of any nuclear renaissance , ” Hay said .
“ So to say nuclear is a clean energy solution ignores the impacts that people in the state are going to feel from increased uranium mining , from impacts to their water to all of the other impacts that go with the mining industry . ”
Udall has in the past said new technology and better practices will alleviate a lot of the problems associated with uranium in the past , but that state regulators will need to closely monitor a resurgent Colorado uranium industry .
FOR DECADES , NOBODY in the US had seen the bee .
The silver - haired black Epeoloides pilosula was once widespread in New England , often found where native yellow loosestrife plants grew .
But as the region ’s pastoral landscapes gave way to forests , the bee lost its sunny open home .
In 1927 it was spotted in a Needham meadow and then , despite years of ... ( Full article : 1852 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Health Care
Obama gets a flu shot , but not for swine flu
By Rob Stein
President Obama received a seasonal flu shot Tuesday afternoon , a White House official said .
A White House physician administered the shot while accompanying the president on a trip to New York , where he is attending fund - raisers for the Democratic Party and a House candidate .
The first lady and Obama girls had received their seasonal flu vaccines previously .
The seasonal flu shot does not vaccinate against the H1N1 swine flu virus , and Obama is not in one of the groups -- such as pregnant women , health - care workers and those under age 24 -- designated as high - priority for receiving the scarce H1N1 vaccine .
Posted at 7:48 PM ET on Oct 20 , 2009 | Category : Health Care
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Is the Worst Over for Obama ? | Next : In DC and Kabul , uncertainty reigns
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : rlvron | October 27 , 2009 12:58 AM
Posted by : prenticereid | October 26 , 2009 5:05 PM
Posted by : sherbear0000 | October 24 , 2009 3:29 PM
Posted by : sherbear0000 | October 24 , 2009 3:20 PM
Posted by : funkythump | October 21 , 2009 1:42 PM
Posted by : dskiff | October 21 , 2009 11:42 AM
Posted by : cibor | October 21 , 2009 10:11 AM
Posted by : noHUCKABEEnoVOTE | October 21 , 2009 10:05 AM
Posted by : cibor | October 21 , 2009 9:54 AM
Posted by : sfjkwerf | October 21 , 2009 9:36 AM
Posted by : sfjkwerf | October 21 , 2009 9:34 AM
Posted by : otisplumber | October 21 , 2009 9:28 AM
Posted by : dskiff | October 21 , 2009 9:21 AM
Posted by : KBlit | October 21 , 2009 9:17 AM
Posted by : cibor | October 21 , 2009 8:44 AM
Posted by : RedBird27 | October 21 , 2009 6:11 AM
Posted by : nickthimmeschearthlinknet | October 21 , 2009 12:25 AM
Posted by : FairlingtonBlade | October 20 , 2009 11:15 PM
Posted by : Brunoterp | October 20 , 2009 10:12 PM
Posted by : DupontJay | October 20 , 2009 9:24 PM
Posted by : nosam32 | October 20 , 2009 9:12 PM
Posted by : chatard | October 20 , 2009 8:32 PM
I used to do this back - of - the - napkin style presentation on whatever paper was handy when someone told me in person that women just were n't good at math , and that 's why there were so few women in computer science .
I 'm not sure what possesses people to say stuff like that to female mathematicians , really .
Anyhow , the point is that yes , there is some gender disparity in math skills , but if you do the math , it simply does n't add up : those differences simply cannot explain why there are so few women in computer science ( or in open source software , or in physics , or whatever ) .
Many people misunderstand or abuse the information we have about gender and ability differences .
Hopefully this presentation will explain what the data really says ( which is n't very much ) .
The outrageous truth slips out : Labour cynically plotted to transform the entire make - up of Britain without telling us
Shifty : Jack Straw on BBC Question
Time where he addressed Labour 's immigration policy
So now the cat is well and truly out of the bag .
For years , as the number of immigrants to Britain shot up apparently uncontrollably , the question was how exactly this had happened .
Was it through a fit of absent - mindedness or gross incompetence ?
Or was it not inadvertent at all , but deliberate ?
The latter explanation seemed just too outrageous .
After all , a deliberate policy of mass immigration would have amounted to nothing less than an attempt to change the very make - up of this country without telling the electorate .
There could not have been a more grave abuse of the entire democratic process .
Now , however , we learn that this is exactly what did happen .
The Labour government has been engaged upon a deliberate and secret policy of national cultural sabotage .
This astonishing revelation surfaced quite casually last weekend in a newspaper article by one Andrew Neather .
He turns out to have been a speech writer for Tony Blair , Jack Straw and David Blunkett .
And it was he who wrote a landmark speech in September 2000 by the then immigration minister , Barbara Roche , that called for a loosening of immigration controls .
But the true scope and purpose of this new policy was actively concealed .
In its 1997 election manifesto , Labour promised ' firm control over immigration ' and in 2005 it promised a ' crackdown on abuse ' .
In 2001 , its manifesto merely said that the immigration rules needed to reflect changes to the economy to meet skills shortages .
But all this concealed a monumental shift of policy .
For Neather wrote that until ' at least February last year ' , when a new points - based system was introduced to limit foreign workers in response to increasing uproar , the purpose of the policy Roche ushered in was to open up the UK to mass immigration .
This has been achieved .
Some 2.3 million migrants have been added to the population since 2001 .
Since 1997 , the number of work permits has quadrupled to 120,000 a year .
Unless policies change , over the next 25 years some seven million more will be added to Britain 's population , a rate of growth three times as fast as took place in the Eighties .
Such an increase is simply unsustainable .
Britain is already one of the most overcrowded countries in Europe .
But now look at the real reason why this policy was introduced , and in secret .
The Government 's ' driving political purpose ' , wrote Neather , was ' to make the UK truly multicultural ' .
It was therefore a politically motivated attempt by ministers to transform the fundamental make - up and identity of this country .
It was done to destroy the right of the British people to live in a society defined by a common history , religion , law , language and traditions .
It was done to destroy for ever what it means to be culturally British and to put another ' multicultural ' identity in its place .
And it was done without telling or asking the British people whether they wanted their country and their culture to be transformed in this way .
Spitefully , one motivation by Labour ministers was ' to rub the Right 's nose in diversity and render their arguments out of date ' .
Even Neather found that particular element of gratuitous Left - wing bullying to be ' a manoeuvre too far ' .
Yet apart from this , Neather sees nothing wrong in the policy he has described .
Indeed , the reason for his astonishing candour is he thinks it 's something to boast about .
Mass immigration , he wrote , had provided the ' foreign nannies , cleaners and gardeners ' without whom London could hardly function .
What elitist arrogance !
As if most people employ nannies , cleaners and gardeners .
And what ignorance .
The argument that Britain is better off with this level of immigration has been conclusively shown to be economically illiterate .
Neather gave the impression that most immigrants are Eastern Europeans .
But these form fewer than a quarter of all immigrants .
And the fact is that , despite his blithe assertions to the contrary , schools in areas of very high immigration find it desperately difficult to cope with so many children who do n't even have basic English .
Other services , such as health or housing , are similarly being overwhelmed by the sheer weight of numbers .
But the most shattering revelation was that this policy of mass immigration was not introduced to produce nannies or cleaners for the likes of Neather .
It was to destroy Britain 's identity and transform it into a multicultural society where British attributes would have no greater status than any other country's .
A measure of immigration is indeed good for a country .
But this policy was not to enhance British culture and society by broadening the mix .
It was to destroy its defining character altogether .
It also conveniently guaranteed an increasingly Labour - voting electorate since , as a recent survey by the Electoral Commission has revealed , some 90 per cent of black people and three - quarters of Asians vote Labour .
In Neather 's hermetically sealed bubble , the benefits of mass immigration were so overwhelming he could n't understand why ministers had been so nervous about it .
They were , he wrote , reluctant to discuss what increased immigration would mean , above all to Labour 's core white working class vote .
So they deliberately kept it secret .
They knew that if they told the truth about what they were doing , voters would rise up in protest .
So they kept it out of their election manifestos .
It was indeed a conspiracy to deceive the electorate into voting for them .
And yet it is these very people who have the gall to puff themselves up in self - righteous astonishment at the rise of the BNP .
No wonder Jack Straw was so shifty on last week 's Question Time when he was asked whether it was the Government 's failure to halt immigration which lay behind increasing support for the BNP .
' No wonder Jack Straw was so shifty ... when he was asked whether it was the Government 's failure to halt immigration which lay behind increasing support for the BNP '
Now we know it was no such failure of policy .
It was deliberate .
For the government of which Straw is such a long - standing member had secretly plotted to flood the country with immigrants to change its very character and identity .
This more than any other reason is why Nick Griffin has gained so much support .
According to a YouGov poll taken after Question Time , no fewer than 22 per cent of British voters would ' seriously consider ' voting for the BNP .
That nearly one quarter of British people might vote for a neo - Nazi party with views inimical to democracy , human rights and common decency is truly appalling .
The core reason is that for years they have watched as their country 's landscape has been transformed out of all recognition - and that politicians from all mainstream parties have told them first that it is n't happening and second , that they are racist bigots to object even if it is .
Now the political picture has been transformed overnight by the unguarded candour of Andrew Neather 's eye - opening superciliousness .
For now we know that Labour politicians actually caused this to happen - and did so out of total contempt for their own core voters .
As Neather sneered , the jobs filled by immigrant workers ' certainly would n't be taken by unemployed BNP voters from Barking or Burnley - fascist au pair , anyone ? '
So that 's how New Labour views the white working class , supposedly the very people it is in politics to champion .
Who can wonder that its core vote is now decamping in such large numbers to the BNP when Labour treats them like this ?
Condemned out of its own mouth , it is New Labour that is responsible for the rise of the BNP - by an act of unalloyed treachery to the entire nation .
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii is one of those games that will leave you disappointed after the first level , slightly happy after the first world , and then you 'll be stuck with a huge grin on your face after blasting through the game with three friends .
This is a magical game , made even more impressive by how rote it may seem at first .
Keep playing , however , and you 'll see just how much this title offers .
One of the more impressive feats the game pulls off is offering level design that is perfectly fine to play with a single player , but also benefits from having multiple people on the screen at once .
If you 're a loner , this is still some of the best 2D platforming you can find on the market .
If you have three friends who you love / hate ... be prepared for something altogether different .
Title New Super Mario Bros. Wii Developer Nintendo Publisher Nintendo Price $ 49.99 Shop.Ars Platform Wii
This is classic Mario in every sense of the word ; you 'll find enemies and situations from almost all the past games , and since you can play the game with two buttons , anyone can pick up a a controller and participate .
The one addition to the controls is the ability to pick up players and items by holding a button and shaking the Wiimote , and this is much less annoying than it sounds .
Giving the Wiimote a quick shake will also cause your character to do a spin- jump , which flings projectiles to both sides of your character if you have a fire or ice flower .
In some sections you 'll be asked to tilt to the Wiimote left or right to move a platform or to control a spotlight , but the gimmick is never overused .
The additions to the core gameplay are slight , but add an extra layer of complexity to the proceedings .
The propeller suit allows you to fly to great heights and then gently return to Earth .
The penguin suit gives you the ability to freeze enemies and to slide along levels on your belly .
It also allows you to swim with ease .
The new flower also gives you the ability to freeze baddies , and the blocks of ice that result from your ice blasts can be used as stepping stones , picked up and thrown , or simply walked past .
Are you already angry ?
All this may sound like incremental improvements , but each new gameplay tweak is used to great effect in the levels themselves .
You 'll find spinning platforms , tricky jumps , and a myriad of secondary challenges in each level .
You 'll be looking for the three big coins , you 'll be able to find multiple exits in some stages , you 'll be asked to collect eight strategically placed red coins before the time runs out ... each level features an incredible amount of replay value .
And playing with four people may seem cumbersome at first , but it may actually be easier because of how the game is set up .
As long as someone has lives left , play continues , and when someone does die they float back on the screen until someone pops their bubble and brings them back into active participation .
At any point you can hit the A button and enter a floating bubble , allowing more talented players to finish a tricky section before bringing you back into play .
You can jump on each other 's heads to grab hard - to - reach coins and items .
It takes some getting used to , and the running commentary of grievances from the other players is one of the biggest draws of the game .
You can hit a block and take every mushroom , for instance .
If you get mad at someone you can pick them up and throw them at a piranha plant .
The game allows you to slide along walls and jump off them — just like New Super Mario Bros. on the DS — which can lead to some amazing saves and near - death experiences .
The constant interaction with the other players and the friction between the times when you help others and accidentally hinder their progress provides many , many laughs .
You can run through the levels quickly , you can stop and find every hidden secret and item .
You can try to play the game without losing any lives , or you can see how many times you can kill the other players .
You can play this game in a few different ways depending on your play style , and the levels reward thought and practice .
There are surprises , secrets , new ideas , and anachronisms spread throughout the entire experience .
Everyone is invited
This is a game designed to be played with your wife or husband , with your sons or daughters , with your mother or your father .
If you die enough times in a level you 'll be able to activate the " Super Guide " which plays the level for you , allowing you to see what comes next .
You can also join in the action at any point in the computer 's playthrough of the level if you 're stuck at a single point .
If you think this option is cheap , the solution is simple : do n't use it .
If you run out of lives you can simply continue , although the game does keep track of how many of these you use .
In my time with the game we began to keep tabs on who was dying and how many times ; using the most continues became somewhat of a sick badge of pride .
You can also spend coins to unlock videos that show you secrets or show off incredible runs through the levels .
There is a competitive mode to see who can collect the most coins in select levels .
Extra lives are easy to find , but also easy to cut through during tricky sections of the game .
It 's not easy to describe the pleasures of the game without handing you a controller and inviting you over , but rest assured : the old magic is still there .
The levels are delightful , and you 'll find many things in unexpected places .
This is a title that blurs the line between casual and hardcore players very successfully , to the point where each may feel like the target audience .
It 's not perfect
Still , not having online play in the game is a missed opportunity , especially considering how fun multiplayer is and the challenges of getting four players together in one place if your friends are scattered over a large area .
This game is amazing as it stands , but with full voice chat and online support it would have been even better .
I also expect to see many fan - made videos of players mastering a level and showing off their prowess .
Even with three other players of varying skill levels playing with me , we routinely were impressed by what the other players were doing and a nice move or quick save was always rewarded by some applause or appreciative whistles .
Being able to record and share those videos would have added a large community - based aspect to the game .
Creating a Channel for speed runs or other moments captured in games would have been great , but as it stands you 'll see many videos made by pointing a camera at a screen .
This is also an incredibly conservative game .
Nintendo added a few very well - designed suits and gimmicks to the gameplay , but overall this is the same Mario gameplay you know and love , with all - new levels .
It 's fun seeing the many references to past games , and the multiplayer is innovative , but this does n't really push the world of Mario very hard or in very many new directions .
A new 2D Mario game is always big news , and while comments on our stories about the game may be filled with people who take great pains to explain how they just do n't get it ... this is going to be a huge game .
It will satisfy hardcore fans of the series , it will introduce new fans to a classical style of play , and you 'll be surprised by how much you can do in the levels with a little practice and skill .
Watching a new player and an experienced gamer playing the game is eye - opening ; there is actual technique and art to using the items and bouncing off enemies to get just a little higher .
The levels may seem perfectly linear , but once you get good you 'll realize each one is nothing less than a complete playground to explore and to test your skills .
Your first impression may be that this is another safe release in an established series , but once you 've given a few hours to playing with friends , and have seen the happy chaos that results , you 'll realize that playing it safe may have been a good bet .
It 's not most graphically impressive game out there , but the level design is impeccable and the surprises will keep you smiling .
Expect this to hit the top of the sales charts and stay there for a long , long time .
Verdict : Buy
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Q. How special a moment is this for you ?
Fernando Alonso : " Very special , no doubts .
All the drivers dream one day of driving for the Scuderia Ferrari and this dream has come true for me and I 'm extremely happy and I 'm ready for the challenge in 2010 . "
Q . How relieved are you that the news is finally out now ?
FA : " Well , it does n't change too much , to be honest .
I 'm happy that I can drive for next year because it 's true we were close for an agreement in 2011 and I was sure that would be when I arrive at the team , but that 's changed and I 'm extremely happy that I do n't have to wait another year for this dream . "
Q. How will you match the legend that Michael Schumacher had there - five championships ?
FA : " It will obviously be not easy and I would like to do the same as Michael , by winning many championships , but I think that it will be very difficult .
I will go there to be in the best team possible for my career and Ferrari and I share many things together , such as the passion for competition and to give 100 per cent every race .
I think that this is the best destination of my career . "
Q. Is it true that you want to bring some former engineers from other teams with you ?
FA : " No , there has been some things written , but they were not true .
But I have no plans to bring anyone to Ferrari .
They are professional enough and they are the best people in Formula 1 so they will be able to produce the best car . "
Q . There is a history of Ferrari and McLaren dominating , but this year everything is different - has that changed your view at all ?
FA : " No , I think this year has been a strange season with the top teams not fighting for the world championship , but I think Ferrari and McLaren are still the best two teams for F1 and will fight for the title in the future . "
Q. Until two weeks ago there was a suggestion about your involvement in the Singapore issue - has that complicated the timing of this announcement ?
FA : " No , no . "
Q . You 've been used to carrying the hopes of the Spanish nation , how do you feel now you have to carry the hopes of the Italian nation ?
FA : " It feels good , I think , at the moment .
We 'll see next year if the results hopefully are good .
But Ferrari is not only about Italy , but there are fans all over the world .
Wherever you go on holiday , you 're likely to see some tourists there with a Ferrari cap .
I can feel this and it 's great to feel it because you realise that it is more than one team . "
Q. What can you bring to Ferrari ?
FA : " Hopefully I can give to them the maximum performance in the car , from a driving point of view and outside the car I can be part of the team and be as professional as possible and to try and help the team produce the best car and give the best performance .
I think all the drivers try to do this and sometimes you succeed . "
Q. How is your relationship with Felipe ?
FA : " It 's a very good relationship .
Felipe is a very quick driver and also a great personality , we are both Latin - Brazilian and Spanish - this will be good and Felipe has been in the team for many years now so he can help me a lot to adapt to the team as quickly as possible and in 2008 you saw the good relationship we Felipe and also Giancarlo in the team .
It will be very good for me because I was team - mate for two years with Giancarlo at Renault and now he will help me also to adapt to the team as soon as possible . "
Q . When did you sign the contract ?
FA : " Very late , this week . "
Q . Who do you think should replace you at Renault ?
FA : " I have no idea , but hopefully a good driver that can fight for races and championships in the next years .
I do n't know really . "
Q . What do you think you can give Ferrari that they do n't have at the moment ?
FA : " I do n't know really , I do n't know what we can do together .
But for sure , we can work , probably in the same way as they are doing now .
I can make sure that I will put all my input and experience there and I will be 365 days working for Ferrari . "
Q . When do you start work with Ferrari - is it immediately after the end of the last race ?
FA : " There is nothing decided at the moment . "
Q. Who will engineer you next year ?
FA : " I do n't know . "
Q. Did you talk to Flavio about this move ?
FA : " Yes , of course , I was in touch with Flavio two months ago when we were talking about 2011 at that time and now in the last few days when everything was sorted for 2010 .
I spoke with Flavio and he was very happy for me because he knows what Ferrari means and he is extremely happy for my career now . "
Q . We understand that Kimi will join McLaren , how do you think he will get on with Lewis ?
FA : " Well , we must wait for that arrival , because at the moment it is nothing but speculation and rumour .
So better not to say anything in case it does n't happen . "
Q . Have you decided which model Ferrari road car you want to own ?
FA : " No , I 've not decided , but this is one of the less important things to worry about in my mind ... "
Q. Which driver would you recommend replaces you at Renault ?
FA : " You know that I rate Kubica , he is one of my best friends and one of the best drivers in the world .
If they have any chance , then I recommend him . "
Q . What changed to enable you to join Ferrari a year early ?
FA : " I do n't know , that 's a question for them , but something very good changed . "
Q . Do you have a preference if Rubens or Jenson wins the championship ?
FA : " No preference , to be honest .
Both of them are very nice guys and they deserve to win the title .
But I really think that Jenson has a very high chance to win the championship with the advantage he has now .
It 's 90 per cent . "
Q . You 've left Renault and came back to the team before - will you do that again ?
FA : " I think that it 's impossible to say .
I really think that Ferrari will be my last team , as I said , leaving Ferrari to change teams is a step backwards .
Ferrari is more than a team and I want to finish my career there . "
Q. How long is the contract ?
FA : " It is for three years with some options to continue , so hopefully I can continue as long as I want and I can finish my career here with a lot of wins . "
Q . Do you think that by moving to Ferrari you could be the best driver of all time ?
FA : " I think that it 's impossible to say which driver is better in F1 , I was lucky to have some competitive cars in the past and I proved I can do the job when the car is good , so I 'm sure with Ferrari we will have a competitive car - they are the best in the history of F1 and they will continue to build the best cars .
In that case I 'm sure they will perform to win races and to win championships .
This is only a hope at the moment . "
Q. How is Flavio ?
Does he want revenge ?
FA : " I spoke to him by telephone , but he does n't seem to worry at the moment .
Yesterday he was relaxing at the beach , so he does n't seem that hungry at the moment ... "
Q . What would it mean to win a title for Ferrari ?
FA : " It 's an easy answer .
I would be extremely happy , winning a championship is something special and winning with Ferrari would be more special , but I cannot tell you now as I have n't yet experienced it . "
Evolutionists have it easy .
Sure , maybe half of the US disbelieves this solid scientific theory , which has zillions of weird implications many of which have been proven true and would be ridiculous things to explicitly design .
But I bet " half " pales in comparison to the number of people who believe in what I shall henceforth call " Economic Creationism " : anything that contradicts old , well - established economic truths .
Examples of Economic Creationism include the Broken Window Fallacy , confusing money and wealth [ 1 ] , and protectionism ( disproven by Ricardo's theory of comparative advantage ) .
Often these fallacies come into play when thinking that a government intervention will somehow " Create " value out of nowhere .
These evolutionists think they know what it 's like to have to deal with people holdin up crazy theories they disproved a hunnerd years ago ?
Look , while regular 'ol Creationism is uncool in most intellectual circles , Economic Creationism can be found in the hallowed pages of the New York Times .
If done in an appropriately Bush or corporate - bashing way , it gets you respect - even though it 's pure bullshit .
And evolutionists complain just because some wacky state like Kansas will occasionally try to legislate Creationism ?
Folks , almost every law in every state in the entire country is based on legislating Economic Creationism !
There ai n't hardly nothing else ever legislated !
Shit .
Like I said , the evolutionists got it easy .
[ 1 ] Sadly , an example can be found in the wikipedia entry I just linked to for the BWF , where it says : " Another interpretation is that ( in a more modern society ) the money would n't go to the baker or the cobbler , if the shopkeeper was doing well enough for that money to go into a vault that would n't be used for a long time . "
The idea that removing money from the economy removes value from it is a classic confusion of the two .
If all money disappeared , we 'd still have all our stuff ( which gives value ) , we 'd just have to take a little time to reinvent money so we could easily trade stuff again .
Weaving the way to the Moon
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As Apollo 11 sped silently on its way to landing the first men on the Moon , its safe arrival depended on the work of a long - haired maths student fresh out of college and a computer knitted together by a team of " little old ladies " .
Now , 40 years after Apollo 11 landed Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the Moon , the work of these unsung heroes who designed and built the Apollo Guidance Computer ( AGC ) is back in the spotlight .
" I was n't so aware of the responsibility at the time - it sort of sunk in later , " said Don Eyles , a 23 - year - old self - described " beatnik " who had just graduated from Boston University and was set the task of programming the software for the Moon landing .
" I do n't recall the risk and the responsibility and the fact that other people 's lives were to some extent in our hands . "
But if Mr Eyles embodied the young , can - do attitude of many of the 400,000 people who are estimated to have worked on the Apollo programme , the " little old ladies " epitomised a more cautious approach .
Why was onboard navigation a basic requirement for Apollo ?
Well , because the Russians might not play fair
Richard Battin Director of the AGC project
The team of ex-textile workers and watch - makers were employed by defence firm Raytheon to " weave " the software into the memory of the computer .
" The astronauts toured the production facilities and got people to realise that it was real and they were real , " explained Eldon Hall , designer of the AGC .
" The little old ladies said : ' that could be my son so I am going to do my job as well as I can ' . "
Computer Jam
The AGC was a first - of - its - kind device that would become the forerunner of all " fly - by - wire " aircraft systems and the computer that would land man on the Moon .
" The computer was tiny compared to the one in your cell phone , " said Mr Eyles .
" Tiny in every dimension except size . "
The one cubic - foot - sized machine had the equivalent of 160 kilobytes of memory and could do a very simple addition in 24 microseconds .
Enlarge Image
" That may sound very fast , but compared to modern computers that 's extremely slow , " said Mr Eyles .
" You have to understand that anything the computer did was made up of thousands if not millions of instructions . "
Although the onboard digital computer was relatively lethargic and cumbersome , Nasa realised early on that it was the only way to guarantee success .
" Why was onboard navigation a basic requirement for Apollo ?
Well , because the Russians might not play fair .
They might jam communications , " Dr Richard Battin , director of the AGC project , recently told a conference .
In addition , the missions were so complex that the fledgling space agency could see no other way for the astronauts to reach the Moon .
" The pilots could not fly the thing even though they kept thinking they would , " explained Mr Hall .
In fact , some engineers thought that any intervention from the astronauts was completely unnecessary .
" From our point of view the guidance system could be completely without the pilot , " Mr Hall told BBC News .
The contract to build the system - between the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Nasa - was the first of the Apollo programme and was signed just 76 days after JFK outlined his plans , highlighting the importance placed on the machine .
But Mr Hall remembers that many remained sceptical that it would work .
Once you get it wired it 's not going to change without breaking those wires
Eldon Hall
" The biggest problem was convincing people that a computer could be reliable , " he said .
" That was harder than designing it . "
In the 1960s most computers were still housed in their own building and required huge amounts of power and frequent repairs .
In contrast , the AGC had to be small , lightweight , never fail and consume less power than a 60 watt light bulb .
It also had to be designed and built in eight years or less by a team that were themselves grappling with new ideas .
" I only heard the word ' digital ' once through my entire time at university , " admitted Mr Hall .
But the MIT lab had a long history of designing instrumentation for weapons and aircraft and it was felt that the team of engineers were up to the task .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Early on , the constraints of the size and the requirements of the computer forced the team to make some bold decisions .
One of these was to use a fledgling technology known as integrated circuits - today , more commonly known as silicon chips .
The first working circuit had only been shown off in 1958 .
" It was an extremely courageous decision that was probably vital to the success of the mission , " said Mr Eyles .
Enlarge Image
To simplify the design and manufacture - and , crucially , minimise the risk of failure - the computer used just one type of circuit .
The decision also ensured that the fast - changing silicon industry had an incentive to continue to produce the chips for the whole of the Apollo programme .
" The whole field was changing so rapidly that it was almost a suicide risk to choose one and use that thing to fly to the Moon 10 years later but that 's what we had to do , " said Mr Hall .
However , the entire computer was not so hi-tech .
In order to make sure that the software was robust it was " woven " into so - called " rope core memories " .
These used copper wires threaded through or around tiny magnetic cores to produce the ones and zeroes of binary code at the heart of the software .
Pass the copper wire through the core and the computer read it as a one .
Pass it around and it was read as a zero .
" Once you get it wired it 's not going to change without breaking those wires , " said Mr Hall .
The rope core memories would become know as " LOL memory " after the " little old ladies " who knitted together the software at a factory just outside Boston .
These ladies would sit in pairs with a memory unit between them , threading metres and metres of slender copper wires through and around the cores .
" It 's an extremely time - consuming process and it meant that the programs had to be finished and fully tested months in advance , " said Mr Eyles .
It 's only now with the perspective of 40 years that Apollo stands out as a unique event , probably never to be repeated in my lifetime
Don Eyles
" But it is extremely robust - that information probably still exists despite being left on the Moon . "
To ensure reliability and the highest possible standards from the ladies , Nasa also chose to go on a PR mission to the factories .
" We used to go to the cafeteria and the astronauts would come in , " said Mary Lou Rogers , one of the ladies who worked on the Apollo line .
" They 'd explain the Moon shot and thank us for what a good job we were doing .
" Everybody got all excited when they came in - we were a bunch of married women with children . "
However , Nasa did not just leave quality control to good will and chance , said Mrs Rogers , who also worked on Intercontinental Ballistic Missile programmes .
" [ Each component ] had to be looked at by three of four people before it was stamped off .
We had a group of inspectors come in for the Federal Government to check our work all the time . "
" It was bad when we worked on Poseidon and Trident .
But nothing as bad as when we were on Apollo . "
' Spring loaded '
In the end , the attention to detail seemed to have paid off .
On 20 July 1969 , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin separated from the command module containing Michael Collins and began their descent to the lunar surface .
But just minutes before Neil Armstrong confirmed to Houston that the " Eagle had landed " , the normally cool - headed astronaut was having a slightly more urgent exchange with mission control .
Enlarge Image
" Program alarm , " the ex-fighter pilot called out over the radio .
Armstrong was confronted with a yellow warning light on the AGC , indicating a problem .
" When I heard that the computer was restarting I was very nervous because I thought something serious was going on , really serious , " said Mr Hall , who - like 600 million other people - was watching the Moon landing on television .
" I was shaking in my boots .
I was very concerned that they would have to abort . "
Over the course of the next seven - and - a- half minutes the alarms sounded five more times ; the last one went off just 2,000 ft above the dusty lunar surface .
Each time Mission Control gave the command to press on with the landing .
Armstrong later explained : " In simulations we have a large number of failures and we are usually spring - loaded to the abort position .
" In the real flight , we are spring - loaded to the land position . "
Seven - and - a- half - minutes after the first program alarm , Armstrong uttered the immortal words : " Houston , Tranquility Base here .
The Eagle has landed . "
But Mission Control had not been reckless .
The Apollo Guidance Computer had worked perfectly .
Frantic analysis at MIT and in Houston determined that the alarms stemmed from a mistake in the astronauts ' training .
Although not needed for the landing , the rendezvous radar - used when the astronauts returned to the Command Module - was switched on in case the descent had to be aborted at short notice .
The data had overloaded the computer , which dealt with the problem by shedding " low priority tasks " and keeping life - critical functions running .
" The operating system was designed to handle that kind of problem , " said Mr Hall .
" The computer was still functioning even though people still say it was failing , " he added .
" It was saving the mission . "
In the end , the AGC and the sometimes - unlikely list of characters who designed and built the machine had succeeded : they had helped land the first men on the Moon and return them safely to Earth .
" It 's only now with the perspective of 40 years that Apollo stands out as a unique event , probably never to be repeated in my lifetime , " said Mr Eyles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reuters
FROM lamp - posts all over Dublin , a nice - looking woman smiled at passers - by .
“ It 's simple , ” the poster read ; “ I 'm safer in Europe ” .
What her safety had to do with the Lisbon treaty — a series of technical if important changes to the EU 's internal rule book — was less clear than the veiled threat : Ireland 's European partners were not in a mood to tolerate a second display of dissent , only 15 months after the first .
Pro-Lisbon campaigners hinted that Ireland would be ejected from the European mainstream if it voted No again .
Business leaders suggested that foreign multinationals would shun the place ( no matter that grumpy , Eurosceptic Britain is an EU champion at attracting foreign direct investment ) .
Such threats had an effect .
On October 2nd Irish voters reversed themselves and voted Yes by a thumping 67 % to 33 % .
Supporters of the treaty now hope that it will come into force before the end of this year , unless opponents in the Czech Republic , including President Vaclav Klaus , scupper its ratification ( see article ) .
On referendum day in the town of Swords near Dublin , early - morning commuters offered reasons for their vote .
The recession loomed large .
“ I do n't think we 've got much of a choice , ” said one woman , who was worried about jobs .
A second woman who worked for Intel , an American maker of computer chips , said she had voted “ Yes for investment ” , and to be “ seen to be part of Europe ” .
A young mother thought the Irish had voted the wrong way in 2008 , so she would be voting Yes — though it did not feel very democratic , she added , that the country had been told to “ vote again and get it right ” , like “ a scolded child ” .
The No camp came up with its own partisan distortions , much as it did last time .
A Catholic conservative group stuck up posters saying Ireland 's minimum wage would fall to € 1.84 ( $ 2.70 ) an hour if Lisbon became law : a baseless claim .
Left - wing groups played on long - standing Irish fears about military neutrality , suggesting Lisbon might pave the way for conscription into a Euro-army .
That untruth worked too : at a polling station near O'Connell Street in Dublin , a young man said he had voted No “ because they 're sending the kids to war and all that . ”
To be fair , one striking difference between the first and second Irish referendums was the level of knowledge displayed by Irish voters about the treaty .
In 2008 they complained , with justice , that their elected political leaders had done a wretched job of explaining what Lisbon was for .
This time , several voters said they supported Lisbon because it “ streamlined ” and “ simplified ” the way decisions are taken in the EU , which needed to “ work better ” after enlarging to 27 members .
The workings of the EU remain mysterious even to an informed Irishman .
The European Commission , a souped - up civil service , has the sole right to propose legislation .
Laws are then adopted by the Council of Ministers , representing national governments .
In most cases they also need to be approved by the European Parliament — hence the Brussels jargon of “ co-decision ” .
Legal disputes are settled by the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) .
A central justification for the Lisbon treaty is that Europe has been all but paralysed by enlargement to 27 countries , because unanimity too often remains the rule in the council .
This has been picked up by cheerleaders in the Brussels press pack and think - tank world .
Hence their loud support for Lisbon , under which majority voting becomes the rule in 50 policy areas now decided by unanimity : most dramatically in migration , criminal justice and judicial and police co-operation , for which the ECJ gains oversight for the first time .
Yet the Euro - establishment 's delight in lots more majority voting is just as nonsensical and self - serving as most of the Yes and No arguments .
If enlargement had really gummed up the works of the EU , you would expect to see a large number of vital dossiers blocked by unanimity .
Such a logjam does not exist .
In recent times some huge bits of business , from a package of binding climate - change targets to a mammoth bit of legislation on chemicals safety registration , have been approved under today 's pre-Lisbon rules .
The EU has coped with a war on its doorstep ( in Georgia ) , two gas crises in Ukraine and the global financial crash , and in each case the quality of its response has had more to do with political will among national leaders than the vagaries of voting rules .
Various pointy - headed studies have analysed thousands of bits of legislation , and found the EU adopting new rules and regulations faster ( 25 % faster , said one French study ) since welcoming a dozen mostly ex-communist countries to the club .
The joy of majority voting
Something other than pure efficiency , then , must explain the enthusiasm of Lisbon supporters for the treaty .
Some big things stand out .
The first involves that move to majority voting .
Praising this as “ efficient ” or “ streamlined ” is a euphemism , not to mention slightly creepy ( a lynch - mob makes streamlined decisions , but nobody wants to copy that ) .
Supporters of deeper political and economic integration like majority voting because it makes it harder for less enthusiastic countries to dissent , or to slow legislation down .
This is not because the EU is about to start holding late - night cliffhanger votes .
The shift from unanimity to majority voting is a big political change .
The EU may be a multinational body bound together by laws and treaties .
But , in reality , politics trumps legal niceties when member nations negotiate among themselves in the council .
The No camp in Ireland talked of Ireland losing “ voting weight ” under Lisbon , which tweaks the allocation of votes wielded by each country to match population size more closely ( this is of most interest to Germany , which has too few votes under current rules ) .
But such complaints miss the point .
The council , where national governments meet , rarely holds votes , preferring to work towards consensus .
Even so , when countries hold a veto , they can sit out negotiations ; when , on the other hand , they know they could theoretically be outvoted , they enter the room in a state of fear , knowing they could end up isolated .
This tends to push everyone towards compromise , and “ more Europe ” .
This is linked to the second big thing that supporters praise about Lisbon : a substantial increase in the number of policy areas where the European Parliament has an equal ( or nearly equal ) say to the council through co-decision .
If Lisbon comes into force , the parliament will be the equal of the council in almost all EU legislation , gaining new rights over , for example , farm subsidies , fisheries , asylum and immigration .
Members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) will also have more say over the EU budget , bowing to national governments in only a handful of areas such as tax and foreign policy .
Nobody is sure how the move to majority voting will combine with co-decision for the parliament .
But the prospect makes MEPs very excited , and everyone else rather nervous .
The European Parliament is the “ big failure ” of the European project , says one senior EU official .
“ It is quite successful as an institution , but does n't do what a parliament is supposed to do , which is to connect the people to the EU . ”
A senior commission official accuses MEPs of living in a federalist fantasy , in which they are the parliament of a “ unitary state ” that is the equal of the 27 national governments of the EU .
In fact , national voters barely know who MEPs are , and turnout in European elections has fallen in every direct election .
There is also a structural difficulty : national governments still inhabit worlds of partisan party politics .
The prevailing Zeitgeist at the European Parliament is one of post - partisan consensus and a sort of soggy corporatism .
MEPs from centre - left , centre - right and the centre reliably favour action at the European level , a bigger EU budget , more public spending , more EU regulation and generally grabbing power from national governments and the commission .
Small states are ready to give a lot of decision - making power to the EU , a senior commission official says of the Lisbon treaty , but they are not willing “ to take orders from the European Parliament ” .
Therefore , thanks to co-decision , trouble looms .
An ambassador ( from a pro-European country ) says the combination of majority voting and co-decision could be a “ very dangerous process ” .
The tradition in the EU , he notes , is that member governments never gang up on another country and isolate them on a point that touches their fundamental interests .
The parliament is less squeamish .
For example , most EU governments would think twice about imposing regulations on the City of London over ferocious British opposition , knowing that it might be their turn to defend precious national interests next time .
Many MEPs would be only too happy to do that .
On many dossiers , the pace of law - making could easily advance “ very fast ” , says the ambassador .
That will lead to some miffed national governments .
Assuming that is right , expect to see a big increase in appeals to the one bit of the European machine where unanimity will remain the rule : the European Council , which gathers together the 27 national leaders of the EU .
Under Lisbon the European Council is to gain a semi- permanent president , to replace the system of rotating presidencies .
It is this new job of president of the council that is thought to interest Tony Blair , Britain 's former prime minister ( see article ) .
The Lisbon treaty is a bit hazy about what the president is to do , beyond organising summit meetings of the European Council and representing the EU in meetings with world leaders .
One of his unexplored functions , suggests the Brussels - based ambassador , is to act as gatekeeper for countries unhappy with a decision made under majority rules , who wish to kick the dossier up to the more consensual European Council .
In other words , the president , who for the first time will be a permanent presence in Brussels , may become a standing dispenser of national vetoes .
Or then again , he may not .
To a proto - state and back again
Much of Lisbon remains mysterious , and that mystery has much to do with its history .
It was born from a worthy initiative , the 2001 Laeken declaration , which called on the EU to become “ more democratic , transparent and effective ” , with the help of simplified legal underpinnings .
Alas , this process was hijacked and transformed into a grandiose Constitutional Convention .
This in turn led to a “ constitutional treaty ” , laden with the trappings of a proto- state , such as an article declaring Beethoven 's “ Ode to Joy ” the EU anthem , and including a sweeping charter of fundamental rights .
France and Britain pushed for the abolition of rotating presidencies , because in their view small countries ran them badly , and floated the idea of a full - time president to chair summits .
To France 's and Britain 's dismay , Germany wanted an EU foreign minister , with a diplomatic service , who would represent national governments but also serve as a member of the European Commission .
This being the EU , the competing visions were combined in one stitch - up .
The president of the council was created , but rotating presidencies were preserved anyway for most ministerial councils .
The foreign minister was created , with a seat on the commission and chairmanship of the council that gathers foreign ministers , but the president of the council was also given a foreign - policy role .
How all of that is supposed to fit together is exercising many of the sharpest minds in Brussels just now .
The constitution 's grandeur alarmed voters sufficiently that in 2005 it was killed off by referendums in France and the Netherlands .
In 2007 it was chopped up and repackaged as the Lisbon treaty , shorn of fancy bits like the anthem .
The EU foreign minister was snappily renamed the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , to calm British fears , and a prominent reference to “ free and undistorted competition ” was deleted at the demand of President Nicolas Sarkozy of France .
The stated idea was to create an ordinary “ amending treaty ” that could be bundled through national parliaments , without any more pesky voting by European citizens .
Mr Blair helped that process along : in almost his last act in office he secured a handful of extra concessions tailored to allow him to say that his government was no longer bound by a promise to put the treaty to a referendum .
Britain has also secured an exemption , or thinks it has , from the charter of fundamental rights .
The charter is given legal force by Lisbon .
It is full of things like the right to strike and a “ right of access to preventive health care ” that sound potentially very expensive , but are not in the EU 's gift to give : the union has few powers over things like industrial disputes or national health services .
How such circles are squared will be up to the European Court of Justice , the EU 's highest court .
In Brussels , diplomats and Eurocrats are most excited by the creation of the high representative for foreign policy , whose job merges two existing posts .
One , that of EU external - relations commissioner , doles out billions of euros in aid to places like Palestine , runs a network of foreign - representative offices and oversees talks on partnership agreements with other countries .
It is held by Benita Ferrero - Waldner , an Austrian .
The other post , held by Javier Solana , a Spaniard , is that of foreign - policy envoy of the 27 EU countries .
Mr Solana is Europe 's point man on dossiers as thorny as Iran or the Middle East , but the biggest countries will not let him speak for them : during the French presidency , last year , he was virtually kept in a box for six months .
Lisbon removes the distinction between the Solana and Ferrero - Waldner empires , which should at least eliminate rivalry and duplication .
The new holder will have a job that is both powerful and impossible .
It may involve 150 major meetings a year , both in the EU and outside it .
The holder will also speak for the EU at the United Nations , when governments have agreed on a foreign - policy position ( unanimity remains the rule in foreign policy ) .
Then there is the work of running a diplomatic service and spending hours on the telephone to world leaders .
The job may require deputies with real clout : Lisbon is silent on this point .
Under the treaty , the keenest member countries may push ahead with defence co-operation among themselves .
This alarms many in Britain , a country seen as indispensable to the construction of a serious European defence force .
An antidote to selfishness ?
In the short run , Lisbon will throw up almost as many problems as it is supposed to solve .
It may take 20 years to digest the changes it brings to EU foreign policy , says one senior official .
Even then , it is likely to help most in places where Europe already has clout , either because it is a big donor ( as in Africa ) , or because the countries in question , such as the Balkans , long to join the EU .
The big EU states will go on running their own foreign policies .
The president of the council may become a mere summit - chair , or the global face of Europe : it depends who is appointed to the post .
In turn , who is appointed will say much about the EU 's ambitions in the world .
Extra power for the European Parliament will combine with majority voting to make it harder for dissenting countries to restrain others .
Federalists are convinced this will speed up European integration .
Sceptics look at today 's Europe , and the growing trends towards national selfishness even in once - model pupils like Germany , and wonder whether Lisbon is out of step with today 's political realities before it is even enacted .
Finally , Lisbon contains some wholly untested invitations for national parliaments and citizens to involve themselves in the running of the union .
A million ordinary citizens from a “ significant ” number of countries will be allowed to ask the European Commission to come up with an idea for EU action in a certain field .
National parliaments will also be allowed to protest if they think a proposed EU law unnecessary .
If half the 27 national parliaments are unhappy , and a majority of national governments ( or a majority of MEPs ) agree , then the measure must be scrapped : a tall order .
Europe is an experiment , and frequently frustrating , says one senior official .
In its defence it is , he argues , “ the best functioning organisation in the world that attempts to deal with the fact that politics is local , and economics global . ”
Lisbon is a highly flawed attempt to help Europe bridge that gap .
It had better work , because there is no appetite for a new treaty , nor will there be for many years to come .
The two Polish architects Jedrzej Lewandowski and Lukasz Skirzynski of Le 2 Workshop recently presented their proposal for a ‘ House on the Water ’ .
The extraordinary design of the self - sufficient two familiy house was a result of research on yacht architecture .
“ The core is made of concrete and combined with steel cantilever structures .
The foundation for the house is a concrete counterweight foot stabilised with the sea bed pile system ” , the architects explain .
Here some explanations of the architects :
“ The white look is achieved by the use of Corian .
The floating deck , which rises with the water level thanks to the railing installed in the core structure , leads to the stairway .
The top deck is available for the residents as well .
Eco-friendly features like the water desalination , energy accumulation , ventilation methods , water recycling , heat and energy consumption , tidal and solar energy systems are all there .
The ‘ House on the Water ’ was designed to be sustainable .
It is not only the installations , but it ’s form and sun orientation .
Vertical lines on the facade are the rails for computer driven shading system . ”
to the Le 2 Workshop website
SEPTEMBER 4-- This week 's mug shot roundup begins with a quartet of gents who each carry an identical message about the importance of protecting one 's nuts .
As for the other suspects , a few notes of clarification : 1 ) The Georgia high school football fans on page # 5 were nabbed last Friday for underage drinking ;
2 ) The 30 - year - old butterfly enthusiast on page # 8 was popped last Saturday in Florida for aggravated assault and battery ;
3 ) The 37 - year - old Floridian on page # 11 was apparently so impressed by a prior court case that he memorialized the caption ( " State - vs- Brittt " ) on his left leg ; 4 ) The arrestees on page # 13 were collared a day apart this week in California and Florida .
They apparently have never dated ; and 5 ) Even if the 28 - year - old Arizona man on page # 14 did not request it , you 'd probably stare anyway .
( 14 pages )
A couple of years ago I met a nonplussed father whose eight - year - old daughter refused to allow him to eat mayonnaise because of the orangutans .
As he was struggling to make the connection , I explained how orangutan habitats in Sumatra and Borneo were being clear - felled at an incredible rate for conversion to oil palm plantations .
I wonder if his now - 10 - year - old is on a permanent protest rota between the kitchen and the bathroom , refusing to let her poor dad chew gum , use shampoo or make toast .
Because just as palm - oil monocultures have swept across Southeast Asia , charged with the catastrophic destruction of wildlife , forest habitats and pollution , the results are ubiquitous in our shopping basket .
An investigation last year found that palm oil – often obliquely labelled as " vegetable oil " – was found in 40 % of bestselling groceries .
If you attach more importance to the planet 's biodiversity than the creaminess of a shampoo , go palm - oil free .
Lush Cosmetics , acknowledging that the cosmetics industry uses 6 - 7 % of the global supply of palm oil , decided to stop using it altogether .
But really , why should we be driven to niche non-palm - oil products when sustainable palm oil is readily available ?
Yes , palm oil can be and is being grown sustainably .
The global initiative that aims to bring together processors , manufacturers and NGOs known , as the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) , had certified enough plantations to produce 1.75 m tonnes of sustainable palm oil midway through this year .
The tragedy is that less than 15 % of this sustainable oil has actually been sold .
All of this is laid bare in the Palm Oil Buyers ' Scorecard , recently published by the WWF .
Sainsbury 's , M&S and Unilever ( which alone accounts for 6 - 8 % of total world production of palm oil ) are sitting relatively prettily in the top five .
Morrisons , Waitrose , Nestlé and Boots appear in ugly positions much , much further down .
Brands often claim they source sustainably wherever possible .
In this instance it is possible , yet the majority of the 59 companies investigated had elected not to use sustainable palm oil .
It is important that we put pressure on them to change immediately .
As Sean Whyte of www.naturealert.org puts it : " Palm oil companies are grabbing what forests they can , while they can .
Countless documentaries have shown thousands of hectares of bare land , where palm oil companies have bought licences to log forests and convert them to plantations . "
And it will get worse .
Output of crude palm oil ( CPO ) has increased 400 % since 1990 , and 89 % of it comes from Malaysia and Indonesia .
There is huge demand from bioenergy projects as well as for consumer goods – and according to the WWF , most of the remaining areas earmarked for plantation are forest .
There 's no time for any more greasy excuses . ★
lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk
An iPhone blogger has revealed a way of legally unlocking the device after paying off his mobile contract .
TheAppleBlog.com ’s Olly Farshi claimed he legitimately unlocked his two - year - old iPhone 3G by taking advantage of what appears to be a European loophole .
He simply paid off a two - year contract with his carrier , Sonera .
The Finland - based firm then forwarded the request to Apple and the next time Farshi synched with iTunes he was prompted to install an official carrier update .
“ When upgrading to the iPhone 3GS , those same customers are given the option to pay off the remainder of their original 3G contract .
Paying off the contract , and thus completing the two years prematurely , entitles the customer to have their iPhone 3G unlocked , ” he wrote .
An official message popped up confirming that his “ iPhone had been officially unlocked ” .
Farshi described Sonera , which is the exclusive iPhone distributor in Finland , as a “ less - repugnant version of AT&T ” , before adding that the telco had “ turned out to be a somewhat benevolent carrier ” .
He claimed that “ going the legit route was a much more painless process than using a proxy SIM or the Dev Team ’s unofficial unlock ” .
According to Farshi the unlock is permanent , allowing him to keep updating the iPhone ’s OS , as well as being able to use any carrier SIM in the device .
Apple and Sonera could not immediately be reached for comment at time of writing . ®
On his recent trip to Asia , President Obama found China , Japan and South Korea - like many nations these days - in no mood to hear more American lectures .
Beijing is worried about owning so much American debt .
Tokyo is tiring of an American military base in Okinawa , and wants to redefine its relationship with us .
Seoul is starting to doubt American commitment to keep it safe from North Korea .
Why all the sudden pushback to our charismatic president ?
Our dollar is crashing , while the price of gold is soaring .
The budget deficit has never been worse - and the president wants to float even more debt for health - care and energy initiatives .
By the end of this presidential term , we may add another $ 9 trillion to our already astronomical $ 11 trillion debt .
Unemployment has already topped 10 percent .
This quarter 's trade deficit reached a near - historic high .
Our debtors and oil exporters talk of scrapping the dollar as the common international currency .
American hesitation abroad reflects the shaky economic news .
In Afghanistan , we can't decide whether to seek victory or admit defeat -- or simply vote present by keeping the status quo .
President Obama reached out to enemies like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran and Hugo Chavez of Venezuela .
But so far they remain unimpressed , despite his apologizing for an assortment of supposed past American sins .
The Chinese do n't listen all that much anymore to our sermons on their human - rights , coal - burning and free - trade abuses - not when they hold $ 1.5 trillion in U.S. assets .
The president took a lot of flak for bowing to Saudi royals and the Japanese emperor .
But why would n't he show deference - given America 's huge dependence on foreign oil and Japanese imports ?
France , of all nations , is now warning us to get a backbone with the Iranians .
So far the theocracy has snubbed our new outreach efforts aimed at stopping its nuclear proliferation .
Iran 's Russian patrons now talk more nicely to us - but mostly because we caved on land - based missile defense in Eastern Europe , and got nothing really in return .
The Norwegians gave Obama the Nobel Peace Prize after less than a year in office and without any real accomplishments .
They must suspect that such global recognition will flatter Obama to push a now - unexceptional America toward a more multilateral perspective in tune with the thinking at the United Nations .
The Obama administration announced a kinder , gentler approach to the war on terror .
It serially promised to the world to shut down Guantanamo and loudly derided much of the Bush - era anti-terrorism protocols .
We may put on trial former CIA interrogators , while we give civil trials and full American legal protection to the terrorist detainees who planned the 9/11 attacks .
Obama himself has praised the history and culture of the Islamic world , and even fudged the historical record to magnify its achievements .
Yet so far this year authorities broke up three radical Islamic terrorist plots inside the United States .
And we lost 12 soldiers and one civilian ( with others wounded ) at Fort Hood ; the accused , a member of our own military , has shown himself to be a Muslim extremist .
Al - Qaida promises more attacks , and the Taliban feel that American commitment to a free Afghanistan is weakening .
Add it all up and there is a growing sense that America is in fact hemorrhaging - as both friends and enemies abroad smell blood in the water .
The president through conciliation and concession - not to mention constant talk - is trying to superficially restore the influence we once earned by virtue of our economic power and self - confidence in our exceptional past and singular values .
But being both loud and vulnerable is not a winning combination , since political influence and military power are ultimately predicated on economic strength .
The United States needs to re-establish itself as financially credible and responsible so that when we lecture -- about everything from global warming to Iranian nukes -- we do so from a position of strength .
That means , we need to stop borrowing other nations ' money .
America also can't afford to keep importing high - priced oil that we wo n't produce at home .
And we should stop promising ever more government entitlements to ever more voters that we can't even begin to pay for .
For as we continue in our self - indulgence , a more defiant world seems to be saying that the old rules of the game have changed .
In response , America should keep quieter abroad - and try finding a bigger stick .
" Really !
I was born that way !
I swear ! "
A new species of shark was discovered in California recently , called the Eastern Pacific black ghostshark .
It 's part of a group known as big black chimeras , and members of the species have actually been laying around pickled in museums since the 1960s — but only recently have scientists realized that the black ghostsharks were in fact a separate species .
One possibility is that past scientists were too distracted by the sharks ' , er , highly unusual feature that they lumped them in with the other chimeras .
Douglass Long , author of the study ( PDF ) detailing the new species , described the shark to National Geographic News :
Male chimeras ... have retractable sexual appendages sprouting from their foreheads .
These organs , which resemble a spiked club at the end of a stalk , may be used to stimulate a female or to pull her closer — though these are still assumptions , Long said .
So basically these guys have a mace swinging from their forehead that they use to club female sharks .
Talk about a remarkable trick of animal mating .
Related Content : Discoblog : In Competitive Sex , Male Butterflies Employ “ Dipstick Method ” Discoblog : Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Squid Sex Discoblog : Internet Dating a New Option for Zoo Animals
Image : MBARI
Circular polarized light is one of two forms of polarized light , or light waves that travel in a specific plane .
The specialized CPL detecting cells in shrimp eye are similar to the optical detectors found in DVD players ; each can convert polarized light into other forms so it can be stored or processed .
However , shrimp eyes can do this with all colors of circular polarized light across the spectrum , according to the study in Nature Photonics .
The detectors in DVD and CD players can only recognize circular polarized light in a few colors .
The research team thinks that in the future , optics devices might be beefed up by chemically engineered crystals that could mimic the light polarizing cells of the mantis shrimp eye .
Mantis shrimp eyes are composed of hundreds of compartments , each with a photoreceptor that can
possess the animal kingdom ’s most complicated eyes , capable of distinguishing between 100,000 colors — 10 times as many as humans — and seeing circular polarized light , or CPL , which ca n’t be detected by any other creature [ Wired.com ] .
A new discovery about how mantis shrimp process light could give rise to new and more powerful consumer electronics , according to a new study .
Mantis shrimp
detect visible light and turn it into a signal the brain can read .
But ... mantis shrimp also have a special group of photoreceptors , known as R8 cells , which can also detect UV and polarized light [ ABC News ] .
The mantis shrimp is one of the few animals
that reflects circular polarized light off its skin ; since other shrimp can see that reflected light , it serves a communication function .
Says lead researcher Justin Marshall :
" They 're talking to each other with a secret light channel " [ ABC News ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Tiny Structures in Beetle ’s Shell Twist Light , Giving It a Green Sheen 80 beats : Chameleonic Synthetic Opal Could Lead to Full - Color Electronic Paper 80 beats : Super - Strong Ceramic Mimics Seashells ’ Tough Mother - of - Pearl Coating
Image : flickr / CybersamX
Transfer music from a computer to an iPhone
You can simply drag and drop the tracks from your computer directly to your iPhone using CopyTrans Manager .
You can put songs , videos , ringtones , podcasts or books to any iPhone , iPod or iPad without synchronising it with iTunes .
HUANGPING , China 
All the students at Luolang Elementary School , a yellow - and - orange concrete structure off a winding mountain road in southern China , know the key rules :
Do not run in the halls .
Take your seat before the bell rings .
Raise your hand to ask a question .
And oh , yes : Salute every passing car on your way to and from school .
Education officials promoted the saluting edict to reduce traffic accidents and teach children courtesy .
Critics , who have posted thousands of negative comments about the policy on China ’s electronic bulletin boards , beg to differ .
“ This is just pitiful , ” wrote one in a post last year .
Only inept officials would burden children with such a requirement rather than install speed bumps , others insisted .
This is hardly the only nation where local bureaucrats sometimes run a bit too free .
But in China , where many local officials are less than well trained and only the party can eject them from office , local governments ’ dubious edicts are common enough that skewering them has become a favorite pastime of China ’s Web users .
Even the state - run media join in , although they rarely report who was behind the rules or suggest that they indicate a lack of competence to govern .
Often , the skewering gets results .
In April , one county in Hubei Province in central China drew nationwide ridicule after officials ordered civil servants and employees of state - owned companies to buy a total of 23,000 packs of the province ’s brand of cigarettes every year .
Departments whose employees failed to buy enough cigarettes or bought other Chinese brands would be fined , the media reported .
BOSTON / LONDON ( Reuters ) - Human Genome Sciences
Inc said its experimental lupus drug Benlysta eased symptoms in more than 43 percent of patients who took it in a clinical trial , paving the way for approval of the first new treatment for the disease in 50 years .
The news sent Human Genome ’s shares up 33 percent , adding $ 1 billion to its market value and turning the once unloved company into the hottest biotech story of the year .
Data from a late - stage clinical trial showed patients who took a high dose of the drug , in combination with standard therapies , experienced a significant improvement in symptoms compared with those taking standard treatments in combination with a placebo .
The results met the main goal of the trial , which was the second of two needed for the drug to be considered for approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Rockville , Maryland - based Human Genome said it expects to file its marketing application early next year , and could have the drug on the market by the end of 2010 .
Lupus , a disease that affects an estimated 5 million people worldwide , causes the immune system to attack the body ’s own tissue and organs , leading to arthritis , kidney damage , chest pain , fatigue and skin rash , among other problems .
“ This is a pivotal moment in lupus research , ” said Margaret Dowd , president of the Lupus Research Institute , an organization that funds lupus research but did not fund Human Genome ’s trial .
Analysts expect the drug to generate annual sales of at least $ 1 billion and potentially much more .
Human Genome will split profits from the drug with its larger partner , GlaxoSmithKline Plc .
Data from a composite of three measures in the latest trial showed that after 52 weeks , 43.2 percent of patients taking 10 milligrams of Benlysta in combination with standard therapies achieved an improvement in symptoms , with no significant worsening of the disease in individual organs .
That compared with 33.8 percent of patients taking a placebo plus standard care .
CINDERELLA STORY
Over the past three months , Human Genome Science has undergone a Cinderella - like transformation .
Investors had written Benlysta off after mid-stage studies proved uninspiring .
In early March , the company ’s shares were trading at just 45 cents each .
But those who maintained the faith , including shareholders such as Fidelity Investments , Barclays Global Investors , T. Rowe Price and Taube Hodson Stonex Partners , have done spectacularly well .
Top shareholder Fidelity , which held 23.34 million shares as of July 31st , according to regulatory filings , made a theoretical profit of $ 143.5 million between the close of the market on Friday and Monday ’s opening bell .
Thomas Watkins , the company ’s chief executive , added more than $ 1 million to his net worth over the same period .
Still , results of the trial , known as BLISS - 76 , were not as robust as those from an earlier late - stage trial known as BLISS - 52 .
The drug did not work to a significant extent at a lower dose , and it did not significantly reduce the need for patients to take steroids , which are a mainstay of current treatment that can cause serious side effects at high doses .
These were secondary goals of the trial and not required to be successful in order for the drug to be approved .
“ The fact that BLISS - 76 missed key secondary endpoints is not a major concern to us , ” said Cory Kasimov , an analyst at J.P. Morgan .
“ Indeed , we believe it reinforces just how difficult it is to crack lupus , and highlights Benlysta ’s strong competitive position , which could border on monopoly - like status for a significant period of time . ”
Part of the reason the results were slightly weaker in the latest trial is because patients were treated in different geographies , Barry Labinger , Human Genome ’s chief commercial officer , said in an interview .
The latest trial involved patients in the United States and Europe .
BLISS - 52 involved patients in Latin America , Asia and Eastern Europe .
Patients in both trials had slightly different levels of background therapy , which could have influenced results , Labinger said .
The BLISS - 52 trial showed 57.6 percent of patients taking a high dose of Benlysta in combination with standard care showed an improvement in symptoms , compared with 43.6 percent of patients taking standard care plus a placebo .
In the latest trial , serious side effects were reported in 26.8 percent of patients taking Benlysta , known generically as belimumab , compared with 24 percent of patients taking a placebo .
Labinger said the number of lupus patients under the care of a rheumatologist in the United States is about 325,000 .
Of those , some 200,000 have a moderate to severe form of the disease .
This is the patient population that will initially be targeted .
The company has not yet nailed down a price for the drug , but Labinger said biologic drugs that treat rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis , which are also autoimmune disorders , range between $ 15,000 and $ 30,000 per patient per year .
Benlysta is given once a month by IV infusion .
The drug is designed to inhibit BlyS , a naturally occurring protein in the body that exists to keep B - cells functioning normally .
B - cells make antibodies that prevent infection .
In patients with lupus , B- cells are overstimulated and produce antibodies that attack the body .
Human Genome shares rose $ 6.18 to $ 24.87 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq .
In London , GlaxoSmithKline shares dipped 0.2 percent .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The redness of the afterglow is indicative of the event 's distance
Astronomers have confirmed that an exploding star spotted by Nasa 's Swift satellite is the most distant cosmic object to be detected by telescopes .
In the journal Nature , two teams of astronomers report their observations of a gamma-ray burst from a star that died 13.1 billion light - years away .
The massive star died about 630 million years after the Big Bang .
UK astronomer Nial Tanvir described the observation as " a step back in cosmic time " .
Professor Tanvir led an international team studying the afterglow of the explosion , using the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope ( UKIRT ) in Hawaii .
Swift detects around 100 gamma ray bursts every year
He told BBC News that his team was able to observe the afterglow for 10 days , while the gamma ray burst itself lasted around 12 seconds .
The event , dubbed GRB 090423 , is an example of one of the most violent explosions in the Universe .
It is thought to have been associated with the cataclysmic death of a massive star - triggered by the centre of the star collapsing to form a " stellar - sized " black hole .
" Swift detects something like 100 gamma ray bursts per year , " said Professor Tanvir .
" And we follow up on lots of them in the hope that eventually we will get one like this one - something really very distant . "
Another team , led by Italian astronomer Ruben Salvaterra studied the afterglow independently with the National Galileo Telescope in La Palma .
Little red dot
He told BBC News : " This kind of observation is quite difficult , so having two groups have the same result with two different instruments makes this much more robust . "
" It is not surprising - we expected to see an event this distant eventually , " said Professor Salvaterra .
" But to be there when it happens is quite amazing - definitely something to tell the grandchildren . "
A GAMMA -RAY BURST RECIPE
Models assume GRBs arise when giant stars burn out and collapse During collapse , super - fast jets of matter burst out from the stars Collisions occur with gas already shed by the dying behemoths
The interaction generates the energetic signals detected by Swift Remnants of the huge stars end their days as black holes
The astronomers were able to calculate the vast distance using a phenomenon known as " red shift " .
Most of the light from the explosion was absorbed by intergalactic hydrogen gas .
As that light travelled towards Earth , the expansion of the Universe " stretches " its wavelength , causing it to become redder .
" The greater that amount of movement [ or stretching ] , the greater the distance . " he said .
The image of this gamma ray burst was produced by combining several infrared images .
" So in this case , it 's the redness of the dot that indicates that it is very distant , " Professor Tanvir explained .
Before this record - breaking event , the furthest object observed from Earth was a gamma ray burst 12.9 billion light - years away .
" This is quite a big step back to the era when the first stars formed in the Universe , " said Professor Tanvir .
" Not too long ago we had no idea where the first galaxies came from , so astronomers think this is a profound moment .
" This is ... the last blank bit of the map of the Universe - the time between the Big Bang and the formation of these early galaxies . "
Data from two powerful telescopes confirmed the result
And this is not the end of the story .
Bing Zhang , an astronomer from the University of Nevada , who was not involved in this study , wrote an article in Nature , explaining its significance .
The discovery , he said , opened up the exciting possibility of studying the " dark ages " of the Universe with gamma ray bursts .
And Professor Tanvir is already planning follow - up studies " looking for the galaxy this exploding star occurred in . "
Next year , he and his team will be using the Hubble Space Telescope to try to locate that distant , very early galaxy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US budget deficit hit a record $ 1.4 trillion ( £ 877bn ) in the year to 30 September , US Congress estimates say .
Analysts had predicted a $ 1.6tn deficit but revised the estimate , which comes after the end of the US financial year .
The deficit was equal to 9.9 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) - more than treble the 2008 level and the highest since the end of World War II .
The surging deficit was put down to increased government spending and a big drop in tax revenues .
The Treasury Department will report the actual deficit later this month .
The previous record deficit was $ 459bn , set last year .
' Alarm bells '
The CBO said the increased spending was due in large part to the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program for financial firms , the $ 787bn economic stimulus , and the rescue of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Unemployment benefit payouts have surged as jobless figures have climbed , but observers say the full impact of stimulus spending is yet to feed through .
Much of the planned construction work which formed part of the kick - start package has not yet begun .
The huge deficits have raised worries about the willingness of foreigners to keep purchasing US Treasury debt - in the form of bonds - which itself has contributed to recent falls in the value of the US dollar .
Economists have predicted that the deficits could result in high interest rates as the government is forced to offer more attractive rates to lure investors .
Republicans said that the data underlined the dangers of President Obama 's policy of spending and borrowing .
" How many alarm bells have to be set off before Washington Democrats get serious about tackling dangerous budget deficits ? " , House Minority Leader John Boehner said .
The White House has insisted it is suffering for the financial crisis it inherited from the Bush administration .
BACK PAGES : Several 19th - century schemes to build a tunnel under the English Channel were killed off by British fears of invasion from France .
A plan for a tunnel between Antrim and Scotland , however , received the overwrought enthusiasm of an Irish Timesleader writer who saw it as the solution to many political problems .
IN THIS period of the greatest engineering and monetary projects the world has known , we never can say what may not next be proposed , or where we are to draw the line at the impossible .
The experience of the projectors of the channel tunnel from England to France would not be supposed to have encouraged any other tunnellists .
And yet we are face to face with an actual scheme , not a suggestion only , for carrying a tunnel through from the coast of Antrim to that of Wigtonshire .
The argument that an enemy might use the subway does not in this case apply .
On the eighth of the month there was a meeting in Belfast , with the mayor in the chair , when a requisition was drawn up , signed by 68 leading representative men , for a public meeting to discuss the proposal .
The mayor , Mr Connor , has summoned the assemblage , and the matter is fairly a subject for debate .
We admit that if the tunnel were open , and fast trains running through it , there would be a large change in consequences , and the “ so - called capital ” [ Dublin ] might suffer .
But what must be must be .
If the Belfastmen dig their way over to Scotland and annex that dear , old land , they will be fairly entitled to all the advantage of the undersea express . . .
Talk of Larne and Stranraer boats ! . . .
Keels no longer are needed .
Wheels take their place – or , if that be not strictly true , will serve in place of them .
The good engine Union will run through from shore to shore , impartially carrying across “ repealers and their foes ” .
Ireland a nation will be cancelled by going sufficiently deep into the common British soil .
Separatists will be unheard of when a dozen times a day first - , second - and third - class will pass from shore to shore in less than an hour ’s time . . .
Holyhead will become a deserted village .
We say nothing of Kingstown . . . .
Mr Gladstone [ former and future prime minister ] strongly supported the Dover tunnel .
Will he show equal zeal in furthering the Belfast one ?
Surely the union of hearts would be promoted by it . . .
At any rate , when sitting down to frame his home rule scheme he has a new trouble added to that of the Irish members at Westminster .
On which side of the channel is the ownership of the tunnel to lie ?
Is it to be Saxon or Celt ?
Will different flags fly at the entrance and exit – the Harp here , the Jack yonder ?
Must the drivers of the steam engines be half - and - half , English or Scotch , and Irish ?
Or , will the tunnel be neutral territory – no man ’s land , except the directors of the track ?
Many questions of difficulty will arise , which , however , it will not pass the wit of such a man to solve .
. . .
But the political aspects of the tunnel are not just yet in question .
The eight noble lords and 60 merchants who have put their hand to the plough that is to make such a strange furrow are concerned , first of all , with the engineer and the financier , these two chief powers of modern earth and sea , and regions beneath the sea , and if the first can conquer the roof - drip , and the latter pay 10 per cent , the tunnel is as good as made . . .
The Ulster people are not chargeable with an excess of imagination , and they know something of figures , and who knows what more they may do to show the Empire that their province has the sway and all other earth is – bog and waste .
http://url.ie/2kbo
A nurse has been arrested on suspicion of poisoning two colleagues at a West Sussex hospital .
Officers were called in to investigate two alleged incidents involving pain relief drugs at Horsham Hospital in May and July , police said .
The woman , 60 , has been bailed by police and suspended from work .
A police spokesman said there was no suggestion of any risk to patients or to the public .
Hospital authorities are conducting an inquiry .
Eileen Clark , Interim Director of Operations at West Sussex NHS Primary Care Trust , said : " I can confirm that a member of staff has been suspended from working at Horsham Hospital , and arrested by Sussex Police .
" We are now working closely with Sussex Police officers to offer them any assistance they require to complete their investigation .
We cannot offer any further comment on the matter at this time .
Colleagues ' allegations
" It is important to stress that the police investigation is not concerned with matters of patient safety , or direct patient care .
" Patient safety is of course our highest priority , and so to give us complete reassurance we have also commissioned an external review to satisfy us that patients received the appropriate care at all times . "
A statement from Sussex Police said : " Police are investigating two reported incidents at Horsham Hospital - one in May and a second in July , 2009 .
" As a result a 60 - year - old Horsham woman has been arrested for allegedly administering poison with intent to injure , following allegations from two colleagues .
" She remains on police bail and has been suspended from work .
" There were no reports of similar incidents being uncovered during this investigation and there is no suggestion that there was any risk of harm to patients or members of the public . "
On 30 September 2009 , Professor David Salisbury , the Department of Health 's Director of Immunisation , sent a detailed letter to the people who were responsible for our future wellbeing during this swine flu outbreak .
The recipients included all " Flu Directors and Co-ordinators " and " Pandemic Influenza Leads " in every health authority and NHS primary care trust in England , a rigorously marshalled and prepared bunch , several hundred in total .
The letter concerned the new flu vaccine , which was three weeks from being widely available and could n't come soon enough .
After a lull over the summer , the outbreak was on the rise again : within two weeks of Salisbury 's letter , it rose to an estimated 27,000 new cases in a week , double the total of a fortnight before .
The greatest rise had been seen in people below 25 .
The vaccine , which offers protection specifically against the H1N1 virus rather than the seasonal three - strain jab , is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline under the name Pandemrix .
It will be delivered in batches of 500 doses , each batch sent in a container the size of a shoebox , and GPs will receive £ 5.25 for each jab ( the shot will be free to patients ) .
Professor Salisbury hoped 9.5 million people will be vaccinated , the number of people in England judged to be in the clinical risk groups – the elderly , pregnant women , those with immuno - compromised conditions and heart disease , and healthcare workers .
Ideally , the vaccine should be delivered in two doses three weeks apart , but it was thought that one dose would also provide adequate protection .
Salisbury 's letter contained much information about the constitution of the vaccine , which contained trace elements of mercury to maintain stability , and he also noted that although most doses were given without any trouble at all , rare cases could have side - effects ; in these circumstances , anyone affected would be covered under the Vaccine Damage Payments Scheme .
But how would this information be shared with the population ?
Salisbury was cautious .
" Publicity campaign plans for the swine flu vaccine are in development , " he wrote .
" This is a complex task , as they need to be considered against the wider picture of other communications that might be required about flu , for example on where to get treatment and on prevention via good hygiene practice . "
He anticipated that the first phase of the publicity campaign would commence in mid-October , and would focus on " inviting " people in the prioritised groups to present themselves .
" It will be important that we give the public a consistent message on the new vaccine to avoid confusion . "
Salisbury 's instructions concluded with a reminder that although much progress had been made – the vaccine had been prepared in just under four months , two months less than it takes each year to make the regular seasonal flu jab – this was only part of the story .
The fight against the virus was far from over .
" I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of you for what you have done so far , " he told his lieutenants , " and what I am sure you will continue to do . "
This letter , which had the tang of a wartime bulletin , marked a turning point in our ability to cope with this year 's big health challenge , and it had a reassuring air .
Things are under control .
Should things get worse , we are prepared .
The NHS has again proven its worth and its expertise .
Science has pulled us through , and there is a sense of relief .
But there is another side to this .
The relief is partly due to the fact that to date in the UK swine flu has not reached the levels we once feared : following the first UK infections at the end of April , epidemiologists suggested there may soon be 100,000 new cases per day .
At the peak of the first wave of the epidemic in the summer , the Chief Medical Officer feared a worst - case scenario of 30 % of the UK population infected , with 65,000 deaths .
( By mid-October , there had been 83 deaths in England , 15 in Scotland , 4 in Wales and 4 in Northern Ireland .
There have been an estimated 370,000 cases of swine flu in Britain . )
And there is relief that we have managed to survive with a supply of drugs that have shown themselves to be only marginally better than the defences we could offer against the three great pandemics of the past 50 years in which millions died .
In the last six months , Tamiflu and Relenza have become famous drugs , brand names that will define a decade in the same way AZT and Prozac defined the 80s and Viagra the 90s .
And they may turn out to be more significant than any of these , for the wrong reasons .
Despite great initial optimism , a survey of all the available patient research has shown them to be only mildly effective at best .
In the vast majority of cases where flu lasts a week , the drugs reduce the symptoms by half or three - quarters of a day .
Efficacy will be less – perhaps zero – if the drugs are not taken within the first 48 hours , with the side - effects outweighing any benefits .
The manufacturers have made no secret of the efficacy – or otherwise – of their drugs .
And yet about 270 m treatments of Tamiflu have been purchased by governments worldwide since 2006 , about half of this in the past six months , while GlaxoSmithKline increased its capacity to produce 190 m courses of Relenza by the end of the year , three times its usual annual output .
In England , 644,000 courses of these antivirals have been provided by the National Pandemic Flu Service between its inception on 23 July and 7 October .
In the three months before this web and phoneline prescription system was established , the drugs were prescribed through primary care trusts , believed to be an additional several hundred thousand courses .
The British government has spent more than £ 500 m on antiviral drugs and vaccines since its flu epidemic planning began in 2005 .
The Department of Health will not disclose a more detailed breakdown with regards to swine flu , but mass purchasing of Tamiflu ( 23 m courses ) and Relenza ( 10.5 m ) may account for at least half of this expenditure .
Inevitably , these stockpiles have boosted both the earnings and share price of their manufacturers , Roche and GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) .
These figures prompt a slew of questions .
Have our healthcare officials been so keen to provide something to reassure us in a pandemic that they have supplied us with treatments they know to be second - rate ?
Have we wasted vast amounts of money on products that are little better than a placebo ?
What is to account for such a vast prescription of these drugs ( and such clamouring demand from patients ) when , 10 years ago , the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) reviewed the drugs but refused approval because of insufficient benefits ?
And why , as recently as September 2009 , did the Department of Health provide clear guidelines to GPs and hospital staff that , in normal cases of flu , they should not prescribe either Tamiflu or Relenza ?
If these drugs are deemed inadequate for the seasonal outbreak , what hope do they have in a pandemic ?
The answers to these questions lie in desperation .
Despite our spectacular medical advances , we are still laid low each year by the genetic make - up of everyday viruses that threaten to mutate out of control , and it is a tough failure to acknowledge .
A pandemic can multiply this failure and concern to the point where responsible governments feel compelled to take action , however inadequate they know it to be .
But can this ever be a wise policy ?
And will it worsen our health in the future ?
Since the Spanish flu outbreak of 1918 - 19 , which killed up to 50 m , a cure for influenza has been a holy grail of medical science .
Many pharmaceutical companies have regarded the conquest of flu as one of their biggest potential money - earners , while aware that ( like cancer ) they are not dealing with one foe but an inestimable number .
In an average winter 3,000 to 4,000 people in the UK will die from its complications , the majority of them elderly , while 100,000 may perish globally .
But when an unfamiliar strain arises , the impact can be overwhelming .
Major outbreaks of Asian flu ( 1957 ) , Hong Kong flu ( 1968 ) and Russian flu ( 1977 ) affected the functioning of entire cities , and it was thought that another fatal pandemic was narrowly avoided in 1997 when a lethal type of Hong Kong bird flu was contained by the mass slaughter of hundreds of thousands of infected chicken and ducks , which ( with pigs ) scientists believe are the original incubators of human influenza .
But the " big one " may lie around the corner : the World Health Organisation has consistently warned that , because of the way flu viruses mutate , a devastating outbreak for which humans have no immune response is not only possible but likely .
We now know , with gratitude , that the symptoms of swine flu are , in the vast majority of cases , similar to those of seasonal flu : aching limbs , headache , coughing , hot and cold feverish sweats , lack of appetite and nausea .
It is easy to forget how hellish this combination can be even for otherwise healthy adults ; one would do almost anything to make it end , if only one could get out of bed .
So it is hardly surprising that the prospect of even a mediocre drug is seized upon with unbound enthusiasm .
But the drugs we have been taking for swine flu were not invented with this particular strain in mind .
Rather , they came about by chance , and by a piece of blind faith , in a laboratory in Australia in the early 1980s .
The story of their development and subsequent fame provides a sober insight not only into what we understand about the mechanism of flu , but how hard it continues to be to combat it .
In Melbourne in 1983 a virologist named Peter Colman was attempting to understand how the influenza virus changes from year to year .
It was a fairly lonely endeavour : the virus mutated so often that it was believed no drug could keep up with it , and most scientists and all the leading drug companies had begun to despair of finding a therapy .
But Colman was studying the changes in the three - dimensional shape of the virus as it appeared in each new epidemic when he found something that upturned previous wisdom : he saw that one aspect of the virus did n't change at all .
The surface of the flu virus is studded with two key proteins .
Haemagglutinin binds the virus to receptors on a person 's healthy cells , while the enzyme neuraminidase breaks it down to enable new particles to be released and infect other cells ( these are the H and the N of H1N1 – there are 16 types of the former , 9 of the latter ) .
For years , scientists had battled to create " neuraminidase inhibitors " that would control the spread of infection , but had been defeated by a lack of knowledge about the structure and action of the protein .
" The belief in the early 80s was that neuraminidase had become a bit boring , " Dr Colman told me almost two decades after he found otherwise .
But he and his team , employed by Australia 's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) , discovered that drugs would finally have a fixed target .
" It was clearly a very exciting time , " he said .
The research was published in the journal Nature , and at first the response was muted .
" It was n't as if every drug company on earth came rushing to our door wanting to work with us , " he recalled .
More than a year passed before Biota Holdings , a new biotech firm in Melbourne , took any interest .
CSIRO agreed to license Colman 's work to Biota in return for a royalty on the sale of any drugs that made it to market .
After three years of further research , Biota confirmed what Colman had suspected , that a so - called neuraminidase " plug drug " could strangle the spread of the disease .
Biota developed thousands of potential suitable compounds , but was too small to conduct large - scale trials .
So , in February 1990 , it licensed its data to the same British company that had previously been sceptical of Colman 's findings , Glaxo .
Dr Richard Bethell , a young enzymologist , believed flu would be one of the last things he'd be working on when he joined Glaxo in 1989 .
Almost all the attention in his virology department was on HIV .
" Nothing had been discovered with regard to flu since the 60s , " he remembered .
The drug amantadine had been partially effective against Type A flu ( the most frequently mutating strain , which H1N1 belongs to ) , but it had several side - effects and the virus has long ago proved resistant to it .
" Our own programme was just bouncing along the bottom , " Bethell recalled .
One of his first jobs was to develop a chemical test by which Glaxo might examine the many compounds arriving from Biota .
Hundreds were eventually tested , but none showed more promise than a molecule in the first batch of 15 .
Codenamed GG167 and soon to be called by its trade name zanamivir , it became one of the first drugs to be fully developed on computer – a process of rational design , rather than the traditional route of laboratory trial and error .
There was one big potential problem : neuraminidase exists not only in the flu virus but also in human cells which function normally ; any drug had to be sufficiently strong to kill flu , but sufficiently weak to leave human neuraminidase unaffected .
Bethell did the safety tests himself and was relieved to discover that he had to vastly increase the doses before he saw any effect on human neuraminidase : " It turned out that zanamivir is about 1 m times less active against human neuraminidase than against influenza neuraminidase . "
This was the breakthrough .
" It was really that result which said that there is now a convincing basis for believing that this molecule will be very safe . "
Animal trials began in 1993 , but production of zanamivir was complex .
Sialic acid , a chemical which coats the infected cells in the respiratory tract where the virus spreads , was too expensive at $ 1,000 a gram .
Initial supplies came from Japan , where it was extracted from birds ' nests .
There was a delay until a synthetic substance could be found .
The first volunteers were infected in January 1994 .
Groups of eight college students at the University of Virginia were paid to contract a flu virus through nasal drops and then kept in isolation for several days .
Other students were given a placebo .
This was thought to be the first time a flu drug had been taken in clinical trials for more than 20 years .
When the first results came back , " they were fantastic " , Bethell remembered .
" Both in prophylaxis [ prevention ] and in treatment , the drug was incredibly effective .
They were n't coughing , they were n't collecting lots of mucus .
Those who had been given zanamivir did n't have fever .
But the control group were all in pretty bad shape . "
The next trials involved patients in America , Europe , South Africa and New Zealand who had gone down with flu naturally .
Any patient who contacted their doctor within 48 hours of their first symptoms was enrolled in a clinical study and given either zanamivir or a placebo .
Again , the results looked impressive .
Patients on the drug found that their symptoms cleared up between a day and two - and - a - half days earlier than those who had received nothing .
" I do n't think any of us thought that you 'd just take a couple of doses and then you'd be right again , " Bethell recalled .
" Once you 've got symptoms , the virus really has taken hold .
But a 30 to 40 % improvement is very significant . "
Before it was submitted for approval by the European regulatory bodies , the drug had been tested on about 3,000 patients .
Glaxo was delighted that the publication of its trial results boosted its share price .
Towards the end of 1999 , investment analysts estimated that the market for its flu drug might be worth as much as $ 5bn annually in the US alone .
But there was a problem .
After experimenting with several methods of administering zanamivir – injection , pill or inhaler – researchers at Glaxo found that it had very poor bioavailability ( it did n't break down well into the bloodstream ) .
The only effective method would be through its patented Diskhaler , a plastic device resembling a toy model of the Starship Enterprise .
" It 's a simple , breath - activated device , " Bethell told me not long before its launch , demonstrating in his lab with a sucking motion and using an unfortunate turn of phrase : " It 's no more difficult than smoking a cigarette . "
But the Diskhaler was always going to be a major hurdle to zanamivir 's success .
Despite the fact that , unlike a pill , an inhaler would pass efficiently to the lungs and precisely target the area where the virus multiplies , the process would always be clumsy and unfamiliar .
To combat a normal bout of flu , you need two doses of zanamivir each day for five days .
The doses – fine particles of dry powder – are in a blister pack that , once inserted into the device , automatically pierces each time the lid of the Diskhaler is raised .
But the race to get the drug to market was gathering pace .
Glaxo began discussing its new product with the NHS , and had given zanamivir a catchier name .
After months of consultation with global trademark agencies , the drug had become a brand : Relenza ( RELief of influENZA ) .
And no sooner had this happened than staff at Glaxo started to learn that they had serious competition .
Their biggest fear would soon be realised – a drug that worked in a similar way to Relenza , but in a pill : Tamiflu .
Gilead Sciences , a small biotech company near San Francisco , became interested in neuraminidase inhibitors as soon as it saw Glaxo 's early trial results in Nature in 1994 .
" We had a flu programme before , " Dr Choung Kim , Gilead 's senior director at the time , told me , " but we were looking at a different target .
One reason we switched was because the Glaxo compound was not orally bioavailable .
I 've been in the drug - development business for 25 years , working on many anti-bacterial drugs in both injectable , inhalant and pill form .
In the end , the pill is always the big winner . "
The Gilead compound , named GS 4104 and then oseltamivir , would soon attract the attention of the huge Swiss company , Hoffmann - La Roche .
A pill required an entirely different drug design to zanamivir , but relied on the same basic crystal structure studied by Peter Colman a decade before .
And , again using computerised design models , Gilead made swift progress .
By the beginning of 1995 , it already had a compound suitable for clinical trials .
Initially , it experimented in mice , rats , ferrets and dogs .
The ferret bioavailability was disappointing , but success in the dog was almost 100 % .
Trial results in humans compared well with those of zanamivir , although some patients reported side - effects of nausea and vomiting .
Human trials were completed just three years after the drug was planned , remarkably quickly for a process which commonly takes at least 10 years .
" Our big motivation was that we had to catch up with Glaxo , " said Dr Kim .
" Roche absolutely recognised how important it would be to come to market simultaneously or , at the most , a few months after . "
When I first talked to the makers of these exciting new drugs a decade ago , there was no disguising their sense of achievement .
" We 're thrilled ! " exclaimed Gilead 's communications officer , Susan Hubbard .
" I think that the whole team is over the moon , " said Glaxo 's Dr Bethell .
" We all believe it is an absolutely fantastic drug – the most effective , and also the most safe . "
But things have changed .
Both Tamiflu and Relenza have been widely available since 2000 , but it is only in the past six months that they have been so widely used .
In one week at the end of July more than 100,000 courses of the antivirals were issued in England , and such a rapid uptake by patients who have never taken the drugs before has inevitably caused problems .
Side - effects have been reported in almost 10 % of cases , particularly vomiting , headache and diarrhoea , although it is difficult to distinguish the effects of the drugs from the effects of the illness .
There have been concerns about the drugs ' safety for the under - 12s and in pregnant women , and there have recently been laboratory indications that H1N1 strain has become resistant to Tamiflu .
But another detrimental pattern has also emerged : the more Tamiflu and Relenza are tested , the less positive are the results .
The early hopes for the drugs have faded , and we are left to question our faith in medical progress and the wisdom of our advisors .
Intriguingly , the early warning signs were there at the very beginning .
In 1999 , the drugs advisory body Nice had just been established to advise on best clinical practice within the NHS , and Relenza was its first subject .
Another flu epidemic was building , Nice fast - tracked its examination of trial evidence to only a few months ( the norm was about a year ) and decided against recommending the drug .
A year later , in November 2000 , after further trials and lobbying by Glaxo ( which by then had become GlaxoWellcome ) , it delivered another discouraging report .
The drug could be useful for adults in the usual at - risk groups – those over 65 , people with chronic respiratory or heart disease , or those with type 1 diabetes – provided treatment began within 48 hours .
But , it concluded , " the NHS should not use zanamivir to treat flu in people who are otherwise healthy " .
Those who became unwell were advised not to visit their GP , but to stay at home and take the usual action : paracetamol , warmth , plenty of water .
This advice remained unchanged for several years and was extended to cover not only Relenza but also Tamiflu .
It did not examine the potential value of the antivirals in a pandemic , but as the results of further trials appeared it became clear neither Tamiflu nor Relenza would offer much in the way of prophylaxis – a preventative role wherein people without symptoms may take the drugs in the hope of protecting themselves from the virus .
In 2006 , the Lancet published the results of an international survey examining 19 studies of the flu drugs , in which the researchers concluded there was therapeutic value in both Relenza and Tamiflu in specific , identified strains of the virus , but did not recommend them for general use .
" We do not see a role for the use of neuraminidase inhibitors in seasonal influenza , since the evidence shows that they are ineffective against influenza - like illness . "
The same conclusion was reached for prophylactic use .
Another study , in the September 2009 issue of Lancet Infectious Diseases , found flu symptoms in healthy adults taking Relenza were reduced by just over half a day ( 0.57 days ) , while with Tamiflu it was 0.55 .
This was quite a contrast with the " 30 to 40 % " improvement estimated a decade ago by Glaxo .
The effects were slightly greater in patients with risks of complications : 0.74 with Tamiflu , and 0.98 with Relenza .
These findings , conducted by nine researchers at several British universities , again reached a familiar conclusion : " In view of the advantages and disadvantages of different management strategies for controlling seasonal influenza in healthy adults , recommending the use of antiviral drugs for the treatment of people presenting with symptoms is unlikely to be the most appropriate course of action . "
The latest guidelines issued by Nice , published in February 2009 and unchanged through the swine flu pandemic , anticipate these findings and recommend the use of neuraminidase inhibitors only for at - risk groups .
The advice states specifically that it " does not cover widespread epidemics " , and then defines its terms : " A flu outbreak is called an epidemic when more than 400 people in every 100,000 visit their GP with flu symptoms each week . "
But in the first week of October the Royal College of General Practitioners reported the number of people with flu - like illness to be 26.3 in 100,000 .
At present we are not even close to an epidemic .
So how to account for the poor efficacy of the drugs after such high hopes , and how to explain the conservatively estimated 1 m courses of Tamiflu and Relenza prescribed in the past six months ?
One eminent virologist who has worked on flu treatments for several years told me : " The consensus in the field has been that the neuraminidase inhibitors are showing us the limits of what can be achieved by an antiviral drug that inhibits just viral replication .
The available evidence suggests that the peak of viral replication in people with flu is at around the time of the onset of symptoms .
Add to that the 48 hours before drug treatment starts , and the virus levels are already starting to fall before drug administration starts . "
Both Tamiflu and Relenza have some effect on the speed at which the virus declines , but they arrive too late for many of the immunological responses that have already occurred .
Once again , there is disillusion among researchers ; the hunt for mechanisms that may further accelerate the elimination of the virus appears to have been exhausted .
Dissenting voices have , in confidence , cited a number of reasons for the failure to follow Nice guidance and the findings in the leading medical journals .
At the top of this list is over - caution , a fear of inaction and unpreparedness by the Department of Health which would lead to cataclysmic disapproval in the media .
Then there is our over - zealous desire to be protected from all of life 's ills ; a feeling that in this age of mass surveillance , we should , at the very least , also expect mass cosseting .
" It was felt it 'd simply be unacceptable to the UK population to tell them we had a huge stockpile of drugs but they were not going to be made available , " Professor Robert Dingwall , a member of the Committee on Ethical Aspects of Pandemic Influenza , told The Observer in August .
We may reasonably ask , how else should the Department of Health have reacted ?
Much of its policy appeared sound : the television adverts , for instance , in which a man sneezed in a lift and thus infected everyone who touched the handrail , and then everyone who touched the people who touched the handrail , gave a simple message , not least when the actor in the lift really did get swine flu .
The print advertisement and hand - delivered leaflets advising us to use more tissues and then throw them away had a slightly patronising air and an unfortunate tagline – " Catch it !
Bin It ! Kill It ! " – which half - suggested we were being advised to catch swine flu .
And some policies , such as quarantine orders and the closure of schools , seem preposterous with hindsight but vaguely understandable – medical practice guided by fear of the unknown .
Unusually , the government has admitted as much .
Documents released by the Department of Health and the Cabinet Civil Contingencies Committee show that in the past six months it has had two distinct policies towards the issue of antiviral treatments .
Both , in their different ways , accounted for the over - prescription and mass availability of Tamiflu and Relenza for the general population .
The government met several times in May and June with the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies ( Sage ) and the Pandemic Influenza Clinical and Operational Group ( Pico ) in an attempt to formulate its policy on antiviral distribution .
The results of these meetings emerged on 2 July , in a letter written by David Nicholson , NHS Chief Executive , to his staff .
" As little was known about the new virus when the outbreak started , " Nicholson explained , " it was sensible to take all possible measures to slow its spread while we learned more . "
This included the swabbing of all patients suspected of having swine flu , and the distribution of Tamiflu and Relenza not only to those diagnosed , but also those who may have come into contact with them but were still asymptomatic .
This would include not only relatives and friends , but also school classes and offices .
This method of containment was abandoned shortly after 11 June , when the World Health Organisation raised its pandemic alert to its highest , level 6 .
On 16 July , the Cabinet Civil Contingencies Committee issued its latest planning assumptions , which included a worst - case scenario for September of 30 % of the population infected , entailing 12 % of the workforce .
" The proportion of the population infected ( the serological attack rate ) may , finally , be as high as 60 % .
This is because , in addition to the 25 - 30 % who develop clinical symptoms , a further 25 - 30 % may be infected but show no or insignificant symptoms . "
The fatality rate was put as high as 0.35 % of cases .
It is this doomsday figure that best accounts for the stockpiling of antiviral drugs and the race to develop the vaccine .
" We always knew that we could not contain or prevent the spread indefinitely , " Nicholson wrote , " and that is why today ministers across the UK have agreed that it is time to move from containment into the treatment phase . "
This new phase would curtail the issuing of antivirals to those who had not fallen ill , but also " rely on symptoms rather than swabbing to diagnose the virus " .
This meant the establishment of the National Pandemic Flu Service ( NPFS ) , effectively a system of self - diagnosis .
A patient or a " flu friend " would contact the NPFS on the phone or online and , according to how they answered a checklist of symptoms , would be issued with a code enabling them to pick up Tamiflu or Relenza from a local chemist .
This was an entirely new model for healthcare in England , and was open to both error and fraud .
Before the system came into place in the last week of July , there were many reports of the hotlines being staffed by teenagers with very limited training , while its launch coincided with the peak of swine flu hysteria .
Tourism suffered , while those going abroad refused to travel unless they had first packed Tamiflu .
An online black market thrived .
Couples were reported to have put off having children until the outbreak subsided .
The BBC was accused of stockpiling Tamiflu for overseas staff .
The Mail on Sunday reported that " doctors want guards on the doors of hospitals … in case the families of swine flu victims become violent if they are refused treatment " .
The business pages told other stories , notably how Glaxo 's profits were soaring .
Its share price rose 8 % in the week following the first cases in April , while those in Biota Holdings jumped 16 % .
Sales of Relenza were $ 99 m up to the end of June ( before the greatest demand took hold ) , compared to $ 5 m in the second quarter of 2008 .
In mid-October , Roche reported that sales of Tamiflu were worth 2bn Swiss francs ( £ 1.2 bn ) in the first nine months of 2009 , an increase of 362 % over the same period last year .
When I visited GlaxoSmithKline at the beginning of October , it was hard not to be struck by the corporate glare : the lobby of the huge glass and metal edifice just off the M4 in west London presented just the sort of bustling activity one would expect at the world 's second largest pharmaceutical company ( Glaxo Wellcome merged with SmithKline Beecham in 2000 ) .
I was there to meet Dr John Dillon , the Medical Director of GSK's Pandemic Centre of Excellence , and he was keen to point out that Relenza was remarkably robust , with no significant signs of H1N1 developing resistance against it .
We then talked about the questionable efficacy of the drug , and he said , " There is no such thing as a touch of flu , " stressing that any relief of symptoms should be welcomed .
Dr Dillon then showed me a new and simpler way of taking the drug , which substituted the disk and Diskhaler in favour of a Rotahaler , which took capsules .
As our conversation continued it became clear that Relenza , and all its delivery systems , was not , for a while at least , the most significant swine flu treatment in the building any more .
Final arrangements were being made for the mass worldwide shipping of GSK's H1N1 vaccine Pandemrix .
The company had received global orders of 440 m doses by the first week of October , an increase of 149 m doses from just six weeks before .
The old drugs would still be used with limited purpose by those who were n't protected by the jab , but now there was a new way of safeguarding our health in an unpredictable world .
Until , perhaps , next time .★
“ A miracle just happened ”
Gavin Schmidt states categorically that the FOIA.zip was uploaded to RC around 6.20 am Eastern and that 4 downloads took place prior to RC regaining control of their blog .
He also observes that there is a previously unnoticed reference to the file ( and I confirm that I had not previously noticed the significance of the comment here at 5.24 am blog time ( 7.24 am Eastern ) where the name of the poster “ RC ” ( identified as contrib@realclimate.org ) included a hyperlink http://www.realclimate.org/FOIA.zip with a comment as follows :
A miracle just happened .
What was the miracle ?
Posting the file at RC or getting the file in the first place ?
Dunno .
Gavin ’s comment in full is as follows :
There seems to be some doubt about the timeline of events that led to the emails hack .
For clarification and to save me going through this again , this is a summary of my knowledge of the topic .
At around 6.20 am ( EST ) Nov 17th , somebody hacked into the RC server from an IP address associated with a computer somewhere in Turkey , disabled access from the legitimate users , and uploaded a file FOIA.zip to our server .
They then created a draft post that would have been posted announcing the data to the world that was identical in content of the comment posted on The Air Vent later that day .
They were intercepted before this could be posted on the blog .
This archive appears to be identical to the one posted on the Russian server except for the name change .
Curiously , and unnoticed by anyone else so far , the first comment posted on this subject was not at the Air Vent , but actually at ClimateAudit ( comment 49 on a thread related to stripbark trees , dated Nov 17 5.24 am ( Central Time I think ) ) .
The username of the commenter was linked to the FOIA.zip file at realclimate.org .
Four downloads occurred from that link while the file was still there ( it no longer is ) .
The use of a turkish computer would seem to imply that this upload and hack was not solely a whistleblower act , but one that involved more sophisticated knowledge .
If SM or JeffID want to share the IPs associated with the comments on their sites , I ’ll be happy to post the IP address that was used to compromise RC .
I do n’t know why Gavin wants to enter into negotiations about disclosing IP addresses .
I ’m not interested in such negotiations .
The IP address of the commenter at CA was Russian 82.208.87.170 .
Lots of theories .
This is both pitiful and long overdue .
First the pitiful :
There was never a single moment when White House staff decided the major media outlets were falling down on the job .
There were instead several such moments .
For press secretary Robert Gibbs , the realization came in early September , when the New York Times ran a front - page story about the bubbling parental outrage over President Obama 's plan to address schoolchildren ...
For deputy communications director Dan Pfeiffer , the more hyperbolic attacks on health - care reform this summer , which were often covered as a " controversy , " flipped an internal switch . [...]
And for his boss , Anita Dunn , the aha moment came when the Washington Post ran a second op - ed from a Republican politician decrying the " 32 " alleged czars appointed by the Obama Administration .
Seriously ?
It took them that long to figure this out ?
The coverage of Jeremiah Wright , William Ayers , charges of socialism , birtherism , and whatever other ism any random nutbag came up with did n't clue them in -- never mind the run-up to the war in Iraq and pretty much the entire eight years of the Bush presidency ?
But hey , credit where credit is due , because they 're finally fighting back :
All the criticism , both fair and misleading , took a toll , regularly knocking the White House off message .
So a new White House strategy has emerged : rather than just giving reporters ammunition to " fact - check " Obama 's many critics , the White House decided it would become a player , issuing biting attacks on those pundits , politicians and outlets that make what the White House believes to be misleading or simply false claims , like the assertion that health - care reform would establish new " sex clinics " in schools .
Obama , fresh from his vacation on Martha 's Vineyard , cheered on the effort , telling his aides he wanted to " call 'em out . " [...]
White House officials offer no apologies .
" The best analogy is probably baseball , " says Gibbs .
" The only way to get somebody to stop crowding the plate is to throw a fastball at them .
They move . "
And while it 's unlikely that Fox News will ever stop crowding the plate , it 's nice to see them getting brushed back with a line like this :
It 's opinion journalism masquerading as news .
An amusing side note ; Fox News ' defense to the charge is , hey , we 're not all Glenn Beck .
Anyway , let 's file this one under , it 's about damn time .
Inquiring minds are asking the question " How many jobs were created out of the various stimulus programs so far and at what cost per job ? "
That is a good question .
Not that we can believe the reported number of jobs created , but let 's assume for the sake of argument that the figures provided by the administration are correct .
White House Hails Stimulus Jobs
The Financial Times is reporting White House hails 650,000 stimulus jobs .
The US economic stimulus programme has directly created or saved 640,000 jobs so far , the White House said on Friday as it battled to find ways to show that its $ 787bn package was working , despite persistently high unemployment .
Data this week showed that the US economy had started to grow again but the Obama administration has faced rising criticism that it wasted taxpayers ' money on the stimulus .
The White House tried to counter this by championing the jobs figures and even uploading videos to its website showing the dollars in action .
The figures showed around half of the jobs were in education and 12.5 per cent were in construction .
" These reports are strong confirmation that …we are on - track to create and save 3.5 m jobs through the Recovery Act by the end of next year , " said Joe Biden , vice president .
But criticism has mounted this week over the accuracy of some preliminary stimulus data released by the White House .
Even the Economic Policy Institute , a left - leaning think - tank which has fervently supported the stimulus , said there were serious problems with the figures .
Math To Date
Plan Goals Math
Top States
An official version of Google Chrome has been available to try out for several months .
It fully supports flash and extensions , is super fast to both start - up and load pages and is so incredibly stable you will wonder why it ’s not already been signed off and labeled “ beta ” already !
Below are 10 reasons why i think it should be your default browser .
Speed #
1
First things first – Chrome is super fast .
Quick , swift , pronto , whatever !
it ’s really fast at loading pages .
Try two pages side - by - side in Firefox and Chrome and see .
Speed # 2
A common complaint about Firefox in Ubuntu is the time it takes to start - up / launch / open .
It ’s not the most instant launching application !
Chrome , however , opens pretty much instantly allowing you to not have to waste time waiting to be able to do what you need to …
Extensions
“ I ’ll switch to chrome when it get ’s adblocker !!
Until then no way !! ”
This may or may not be a shock to you – but Google Chrome already has extensions !
Tons of them !
Including : --
And this is just the beginning !
You can find these and plenty more on awesome Chrome User site chromeplugins.org .
Check here for 15 plugins for google chrome from here
Read Full Story from here
Sponsored Link
Related posts
The aim of the OpenNet Initiative is to investigate , expose and analyze Internet filtering and surveillance practices in a credible and non-partisan fashion .
Rafal Rohozinski is a founder and principal investigator of the Information Warfare Monitor and the OpenNet Initiative , where he directs a network of field - based staff in Asia , the CIS and Middle East .
Rafal has 18 years of field - based experience working in an operational and advisory capacity in 37 countries .
In 2005 - 2006 , Rafal served as an embedded Chief Technical Advisor to the Palestinian Authority .
In this interview , Rafal discusses international surveillance and filtering issues .
Based on what criteria does the OpenNet Initiative select a country to analyze ?
What does the process look like ?
We were among the first to document the emergence of censorship patterns .
This began with a series of experiments carried out in 2002 at The Citizen Lab ( University of Toronto ) and Harvard which probed the Chinese and Saudi Arabia firewall systems .
That work evolved into the OpenNet initiative .
Over the years we ’ve developed a sophisticated and robust testing protocol that fuses data that we generate through technical testing and information we gather from our partners around the world .
We currently have a networks of partners in over 95 countries .
Basically , the process of determining where to test is quite simple and straightforward .
We learn about Internet censorship either by monitoring official government declarations ( that they intend to censor ) , such as in Saudi Arabia , China , Burma and elsewhere .
Alternatively , we pick up reports from our network of partners and or others , including human rights groups , reporters sometimes even ordinary citizens who complain that certain content or services are no longer available .
We have developed a number of deployable software tools which allow us to verify whether or not censorship is taking place .
These tools are quite accurate , and often will tell us not just if blocking this occurred , but how it is occurring and at what segment of the Internet .
We generally test across several ISPs in one country , which then allows us to determine whether there is a consistency in censorship behavior , and whether the process is centralized , or decentralize to each individual ISP .
In some countries , we ’ve now found that governments prefer to use offensive means to silence websites rather than resorting to filtering .
But this we mean denial of service attacks , the use of $.50 brigades to overwhelm websites with comments and messages , are sometimes just simply disconnecting the resource by tampering with the DNS or physically pulling its connection ( if it happens to be located within the state ’s jurisdiction ) .
In these cases , we generally engage in more in - depth investigations to understand exactly how these activities are sanctioned , and who carries them out .
In some cases this involves sending researchers to work in these countries for an extended period of time .
How can you be certain that the information you ’re using as the basis for your research is indeed correct and complete ?
From what kind of sources do you obtain the information ?
We use two separate lists of URLs and Internet resources in our testing process :
The global list which is run in all countries in which we test i used as a means of determining whether blocking takes place , and what categories of content are included .
It is also highly useful as a way of determining whether a country is using a commercial censorship product , as these usually employ standardized lists were certain URLs will always be blocked .
In some cases , the global list has allowed us to fingerprint the exact product being used .
The second list we use is called a local list and it contains URLs of sites and Internet resources that allegedly are blocked in the country .
We supplement this list with other URLs which we obtain from other sources , sometimes people within the governments who are involved in censorship itself .
We also do a lot of research to identify sites that could potentially be blocked , and may not be available within the country and therefore not noticed by our in - country partners .
In general , we strive to be as comprehensive as possible but of course we can’t say that we catch 100 % of all blocked content .
Rather I ’d characterize our tests as being highly representative of the kind of content that is being blocked .
What are the countries with the most Internet censorship and which ones leave their communication channels open ?
There is no black and white characterization anymore .
In fact , in recent years we have seen a move towards Internet regulation in just about every country under observation .
The difference between censorship and regulation is a narrow one , and usually defined by the degree to which the activity is regulated by law , and the recourse that citizens have in being able to challenge content which is subject to censorship .
In countries like China , Vietnam , and Burma , there is very little recourse for citizens to appeal content which is being deemed unacceptable .
In Uzbekistan the actual censor lists are considered secret and the practice of censorship is denied by the government ( even though content is censored quite heavily ) .
North America and Europe are still very much open , however , even their we ’ve seen the rise of content controls , and more seem ready to be put in place in the coming years .
Banning some content , such as child pornography is of course legitimate .
Other types of content , such as “ terrorist content ” , is problematic as there is no proper legal definition and the term is open to broad interpretation .
The trouble with content control is that once you start regulating you set a precedent that is difficult to stop .
One of the more interesting things we ’ve observed in recent years has been the emergence of “ third - generation controls ” .
This form of content control stops short of censorship , but rather sees the state ( and pro-state groups ) engage in active information warfare against their opponents .
They use denial of service attacks , and other techniques in order to silence opposition .
This approach is interesting , as it allows the state to claim that it is not censoring groups , but the effect is the same .
Of course , there is no legal recourse to challenge these practices .
How do the United States compare to Europe in regards to surveillance and filtering ?
Certainly there seems to be more momentum these days towards regulation in Europe .
This is prompted by concerns over child welfare and exploitation , and also the perceived danger from radical militant groups .
Europe also tends to be more of a surveillance society , particularly the UK .
In the US , censorship is more difficult to implement if for no other reason than the court systems offer greater protections for freedom of speech .
However , in both places surveillance is on the rise particularly as law - enforcement agencies become more adept to working in the cyber domain .
There is also a lot of public pressure to enact laws and measures that will help you deal with what is seen as a rising tide of cybercrime .
The cyber security agenda may lead to a new tighter content controls , and greater surveillance all around .
We ’ve actually taken steps to engage in the cyber security agenda by creating a company that will provide tools and the device to this community ( initially in Canada , as that is where the Citizen Lab and SecDev are currently domiciled ) .
We realize that we ca n’t simply be bystanders to this process .
If we believe that openness really is a better path , then we have to make sure that we address the legitimate concerns of policy makers and law enforcement agencies by providing them with tools that are relevant to policing in the cyber domain without necessarily resorting to tactics that potentially lead to abuse – first and foremost censorship and unnecessary surveillance .
What advice would you give to Internet users that live in a country that employs strong filtering ?
If it is a democratic country where there is still recourse for citizens to challenge public policy , then I would urge them to organize with others to demand transparency over the process by which content is deemed unacceptable , and ensure that it remains open and publicly accountable .
For those living in authoritarian country where these possibilities do not exist , the calculus becomes more difficult , and really one of individual choice .
While it is easy for me to preach the virtues of an open Internet from Canada , it ’s another thing to live in a country where the activity itself may lead to dire consequences , including jail or worse .
For most people , that risk may be unacceptable .
However , for those for whom the principle of freedom of information is something they are willing to take risks for , there are plenty of good solutions such as Psiphon that will give them access to the Internet while minimizing the risk .
By David Edwards and Stephen Webster
When the FBI staged a terror raid on the New York home of 41 - year - old Elliot Madison , they were not looking for weapons of war , deadly chemicals or the keys to unlocking a nefarious terror plot .
Instead , they came looking for books , files , data , film and something called the " instruments of crime . "
According to officials , the search was instigated after Madison was found in a Pennsylvania hotel room on Sept. 24 , listening to police actions during Pittsburgh 's G20 summit , then Tweeting to protesters seeking to avoid authorities .
Vic Walczak , legal director for the Pennsylvania ACLU , sees the FBI 's action as pure " intimidation , " and part of a " much bigger war on demonstrators " in Pittsburgh .
He made the remarks during a Monday interview on CNN's Newsroom .
" What you have here is folks who are charged with hindering apprehension of people who were engaging in criminal activities , " he said .
" The criminals identified in the warrant are protesters against the G20 .
Their crime ?
They were demonstrating in the street without a permit . "
Madison , who has widely been described as an " anarchist " by media parroting FBI claims , is a social worker in New York who holds two masters degrees from the University of Wisconsin .
Walczak continued : " The police said , ' Get out of here , ' and apparently they did .
Somebody was trying to help them not go where the police are .
Instead of saying ' thank you , you 're helping these folks disperse , ' they now get charged with what is really a felony . "
In other words : " Be careful what you twit for , because your 140 characters could land you in the slammer , " quipped Andrew Belonsky at Vallywag
" Though the FBI says so , it 's not entirely clear from the complaint that Madison 's tweets were actually illegal , " noted Ars Technica .
" Madison 's lawyer told the New York Times on Saturday that he and a friend were merely ' part of a communications network among people protesting the G - 20 . '
As implied through the Times piece , Madison 's tweets merely directed protesters as to where the police were at any given time and to stay alert .
' There ’s absolutely nothing that he ’s done that should subject him to any criminal liability . ' "
" This is the first time we 've heard of charges like this against people who are using Twitter [... ] " said Walczak .
" If this happened in Iran or China , where we know Twitter has been widespread because people in this country have been relying on it to find out what 's going on .
If it was used there , we'd be crying foul , we'd be calling it a human rights violation .
And when the same thing happens in this country , all of the sudden it 's a crime .
There 's a real problem here . "
Copies of the search warrant and Madison 's lawyer 's motion for return of seized property were posted to the Internet by the Electronic Frontiers Foundation , available here
NEW YORK —
One thing about doing an interview with [ artist id =" 1025 " ]
Wu - Tang Clan 's [ / artist ] [ artist id = " 1122 " ] RZA [ / artist ] , you have to be on your toes .
He has a wide variety of projects to promote .
You could be speaking to him about music , films or the literary world .
On Thursday , RZA 's second book , " The Tao of Wu , " came out .
The renaissance man was at a Barnes & Noble in Union Square signing autographs and describing his inspiration for the book .
" The word ' Tao ' means ' way , ' " RZA explained .
" We all travel a way or path in life .
What I did in this book , we broke it down to seven pillars of wisdom of different things that happened in my life that brought me to the fruition of the man I am .
I think all of us are striving to be better men , and sometimes we do n't have a map .
Going to the 'hood , we just know the 'hood talk and the ' hood mentality or the American video game mentality . "
RZA said the book 's pearls of wisdom will resonate with a broad spectrum of folks .
" People of all ages , definitely young people , [ will ] have a little map and maybe dodge a few blows , " he said .
" As the great , late Mr. Magic — rest in peace , Mr. Magic — would say , when his show would go off , he would say , ' A fool can learn from his own mistakes , but a wise man learns from the mistakes of others . '
That 's what this book is .
The things I been through and the errors I been through , you can learn from that .
You do n't have to touch the stove .
I already touched the stove — it 's hot . "
RZA discusses fear in the book and , of course , hip - hop .
" One of he first pillars is ' The Call , ' " he said .
" My call was the call to hip - hop .
It happened to me when I was 7 or 8 years old .
Hearing [ the Beastie Boys lyrics ]
' Dip , dip , dive /
So socialize / Clean out your ears and open your eyes . '
Back then , it was just a rhyme , but listen to those words : ' Socialize ' with people , ' clean out your ears and open your eyes . '
See things for what they are .
It 's a message right there .
At the time , it was just a message and a vibe .
But it called me into this world of hip - hop .
Through hip - hop , my whole family was saved .
Many families were saved .
Look at the Wu - Tang Clan , and all our families were saved . "
or Drag & Drop images in this box
Often , divorcees have undergone some sort of disappointment or betrayal , which causes them to approach new relationships with apprehension .
It is n’t easy or simple for people to find new relationships after being separated from their significant other , for one reason or another .
We are firm believers that divorce is n't just an end , but also a new beginning .
People who have undergone separations from a longtime significant other have a unique perspective that is only shared by other people who have gone through the experience , so a community built around the unique mindset was needed .
Therefore , there was a real need in the world for specially catered divorce dating app to help divorcees meet other divorced singles .
The Divorced Singles Club was created to help people who have been divorced find meaningful , long - term relationships with other widowed , separated , or divorced people , or simply people with like minds .
We ’ve grown quite a bit over the years , and we have over 100,000 active users across North America alone , with thousands upon thousands of success stories !
As a result , we can safely say that our divorced dating site stands out amongst all the other dating sites for divorced singles as the best site of the bunch .
With millions of users already on the site , we 've shown time and again that happy relationships between divorcees are real , and frequent .
Our website is hands down the easiest way to make new acquaintances with single men and women from anyplace in the world .
In each and every day , people discover new meaningful relationships with ease , and new ways to be loved by someone else .
With thousands of newcomers signing up for our divorce dating site every day , finding the man or woman of your dreams will be quick and easy .
So what are you waiting for ?
Stop wasting your precious time browsing through divorced dating sites , and become a member of our community today !
This story first appeared at Voting Booth .
In the first televised presidential debate , President Trump questioned the ability of America 's election officials to conduct an honest election this fall and said that he would not sit idly by " if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated .
I can't go along with that . "
" It means you have a fraudulent election , " Trump continued , speaking over moderator Chris Wallace of Fox News , who asked both candidates if they would pledge to not " engage in any civil unrest " and " not declare victory " until all of the votes had been counted .
" You 're sending out 80 million ballots .
They 're not equipped — these people [ election officials , postal workers ] are not equipped to handle it — number one , " Trump said .
" Number two , they cheat .
They cheat .
Hey , they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago and they all had the name military ballot .
They were military .
They all had the name Trump on them . "
Former Vice President Joe Biden , countered , " He has no idea what he is talking about .
The fact is I will accept it [ the results ] after complete count .
And he will too .
You know why ?
Because once the winner is declared after all the ballots are counted , all the votes are counted , that 'll be the end of it .
That 'll be the end of it . "
Never before in modern history has a presidential debate ended with the incumbent refusing to say whether he would accept the results of an upcoming election and not agreeing to an orderly post - Election Day process — and the challenger saying that it does n't matter what the incumbent mistakenly believes , if he 's voted out of office he will have to leave .
Beyond Trump 's nonstop interruptions , accusations and bellowing that marked the debate , the president appeared to be inviting a constitutional crisis if the margins are close in swing states and the results were not known on Election Day , November 3 — which they almost certainly will not be , because , as Wallace noted , eight states only start processing absentee ballots that day .
" Can you imagine where they say you have to have your ballot in by November tenth , November tenth , " Trump said .
" That means , that 's seven days after the election [ winner ] in theory should have been announced .
We have major states with that .
All run by Democrats .
All run by Democrats .
It 's a rigged election . "
Trump also said that he expected the U.S. Supreme Court to get involved — including the participation of his latest nominee , Amy Barrett , if she is seated by then .
" I am counting on them [ the Supreme Court ] to look at the ballots , definitely , " Trump said , in response to Wallace 's question .
" I hope we do n't need them for the election itself .
But for the ballots , I think so .
Because what 's happening is incredible .
I heard , I read today , where at least 1 percent of the ballots for 2016 were invalidated .
They take 'em .
' We do n't like them .
We do n't like them . '
They throw them out left and right . "
Trump 's false claims about widespread voter fraud in absentee — or mailed - out — ballots was not new .
But the intensity of his belief that the 2020 election outcome was rigged against him unless he wins ( which he also said in 2016 ) reached a new pitch in Tuesday 's debate .
Trump 's misrepresentations of the voting process were as shrill as they were rampant , but , in sum , Trump basically said that he all - but expected to aggressively assail the election results .
What was most notable about Trump 's assertions — beyond a demeanor that hovered between being anxious and unhinged for most of the debate — was that he repeatedly cited instances of mistakes in the voting process affecting a literal handful of votes .
He had no perspective or sense of scale , whatsoever , that the issues he saw were rare exceptions and not the rule .
His rant about military ballots in a waste basket referred to a now - fired temporary election worker who mistakenly threw out 9 ballots in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , last week — of which two ballots did not contain Trump votes , despite what he said .
That error should have been easily resolved by local election officials , but the Justice Department heard about it and opened an investigation in a state where 6 million people voted for president in 2016 .
Trump cited other examples that showed blemishes , not fatal flaws , with locally run elections .
He railed that his supporters were not allowed to observe early voting in Philadelphia on Tuesday , which he called a crooked city .
The reality was no election observers had been credentialed yet .
He said mailmen in West Virginia were " selling the ballots , " which referred to one person who authorities caught and prosecuted , showing that the system worked , as Amber McReynolds , executive director of the National Vote at Home Institute ( NVAHI ) , said after the debate .
" People on both sides of the aisle should be outraged by the level of misinformation about safe options for voters , " NVAHI tweeted .
" Voting by mail is a fundamental part of American voting .
They deserved to hear the facts tonight . "
Biden's Response
Biden did n't allow Trump 's assertions and propaganda to go unanswered .
His opening comments in the debate 's final segment , on accepting the results and pledging not to foment civil unrest , was one of many attempts to factually talk to Americans about voting .
" His own Homeland Security director and , as well the FBI director , says there is no evidence at all that mail - in ballots are a source of being manipulated and cheating , " Biden said .
" The fact is there will be millions of people because of COVID voting with mail - in ballots , like he does , by the way .
He sits behind the Resolute Desk [ in the Oval Office ] and sends his ballot to Florida . "
Biden said Trump 's smear of election officials and voting by mail — the healthiest option for many people in the pandemic — was a continuation of his effort to suppress voter turnout .
" This is all about trying to dissuade people from voting because he 's trying to scare people into thinking that it will not be legitimate , " Biden said , before pivoting to his message .
" Show up and vote , " he continued .
" You will determine the outcome of this election .
Vote .
Vote .
Vote .
If you 're able to vote early in your state , vote early .
If you 're able to vote in person , vote in person .
Vote whatever way is the best way for you .
Because you will — he cannot stop you from being able to determine the outcome of this election . "
" And in terms of whether or not , when the votes are all counted , and they all are accounted , that will be accepted , " Biden said .
" If I win , that will be accepted .
If I lose , that will be accepted .
But , by the way , if in fact he says that he is not sure what he 's going to accept , well , let me tell you something .
It does n't matter , because if we get the votes , it 's going to be all over .
He 's going to go .
He can't stay in power .
It wo n't happen .
It wo n't happen . "
" So , vote , just vote .
Make sure you understand that you have it in your control to determine the way this country going to look like for the next four years , " he concluded .
" Is it going to change or are you going to get four more years of these lies ? "
But just because Biden said that Trump will have to accept the election 's results once the votes are all counted does not make it so .
Biden was correct that the surest way to end Trump 's presidency was with unassailable vote margins , which include the incomplete tallies on Election Night ( which are from polling places , and , depending on the state , varying percentages of absentee ballots . )
But Trump is counting on tight but incomplete early returns where he can exaggerate the problems that always surface on Election Day to discredit the popular vote .
Trump wants the Supreme Court to step in , he said during the debate .
He did not say that he has also talked about red state legislatures appointing Electoral College slates that back him — disregarding their vote counts .
Or other scenarios where he can retain the presidency .
" This is going to be a fraud like you 've never seen , " Trump said .
" When you have 80 million ballots swamping the system , you know it can't be done .
You know it can't .
And already there 's been fraud … it 's a disgrace . "
Good Deflation
Tweet
George Selgin ’s 1997 monograph ( published by the IEA of London ) Less Than Zero : The Case for a Falling Price Level in a Growing Economy is now available on - line .
What great news !
With confusion about money , banking , and monetary policy running rampant these days , George ’s clear and compelling argument for “ the productivity norm ” makes plain that deflation caused by productivity increases is to be celebrated .
Comments
Built atop an extinct volcano plug , the Buddhist monastery of Taung Kalat is one of the most breathtaking sites in Burma and the world .
Many people call the hill on which the monastery was built , Mount Popa , but they ’re mistaking it with the much higher volcano , close by .
The hill is called Taung Kalat and though it looks like a mere bump when compared to Mount Popa , climbing it is quite a task .
There are seven hundred seventy seven steps to from the bottom , all the way to the Buddhist monastery .
The locals believe Nats ( 37 demigod - like beings ) live inside Taung Kalat hill and judging by the heavenly views from up there , they just might be right .
Climbing up Taung Kalat , you ’re bound to run into some adorable Macaques , but be careful , they ’re wild creatures and are likely to snatch anything you lay on the ground , before you even have the chance to blink .
Taung Kalat Monastery and its surroundings are truly unique , but unless the Burmese government intervenes soon , they will degrade beyond recovery .
Check more Daily News
Michael Balter reports for Science on a recent conference held in Gibraltar entitled Human Evolution 150 Years After Darwin [ 1 ] .
Gibraltar holds a special place in palaeoanthropologists ' hearts .
Not only is it the place where the first Neandertal were discovered in 1848 , it is also seems to have been among the last refugia of this species , prior to their disappearance some 30,000 years ago .
Charles Darwin got to see the original Gibraltar specimen in 1864 , which perhaps influenced him to comment on the " well developed and capacious " braincase of Neandertals in The Descent of Man [ 2 ] .
At the conference , much attention was focused on the Middle Pleistocene " muddle in the middle " [ 3 ] , particularly the role of Homo heidelbergensis in hominin evolution .
While H. heidelbergensis possesses both archaic and derived traits intermediate between H. erectus and later members of the Homo genus , it lacks uniquely derived traits or autapomorphies , which are a prerequisite for defining a species .
H. heidelbergensis has traits that have been interpreted as nascent Neandertal autapomorphies , leading some researchers to propose that there was a continuous evolution of Neandertals [ 4 - 6 ] .
This accretion model would make H. heidelbergensis a chronospecies on the continuum of the Neandertal lineage , a view championed by Jean - Jacques Hublin .
The accretion model proposes that Neandertals evolved by anagenesis , i.e. non-branching evolutionary change .
Another scenario views both the European and African H. heidelbergensis as a single species , and the last common ancestor of both Neandertals and modern humans .
Alternatively , H. heidelbergensis could have become isolated in Europe and evolved into Neandertals , while the African populations led to modern humans .
During the conference , Ian Tattersall noted that while the accretion model explains some of the variation in the Middle Pleistocene , it cannot account for some outliers , such as the 28 or so specimens that have been recovered from the Sima de los Huesos in Atapuerca , Spain .
Tattersall is not the first author to call the accretion model into question [ 7 ] .
Recent dates have placed the Sima fossils at just over half - a- million years old .
Based on the dissimilarity between these fossils and the penicontemporaneous H. heidelbergensis from the rest of Europe , Tattersall proposes that two hominin lineages coexisted in Europe before the arrival of H. sapiens .
He suggests that one line ( which may include the Sima specimens ) led to the Neandertals , while the branch which included H. heidelbergensis went extinct .
If Tattersall is correct it would mean that the Sima fossils , which are currently classified as H. heidelbergensis , must be designated another name .
Hublin is to his guns and does n't see any need to reclassify the Sima material .
He goes as far as to suggest binning the species name H. heidelbergensis altogether and instead reassigning all these Middle Pleistocene fossils as H. neanderthalensis .
Whatever the outcome is in this debate , it appears that hominin evolution in the Middle Pleistocene is more complex than we have previously suspected .
1. Balter M. New work may complicate history of Neandertals and H. sapiens .
Science 2009 ; 326:224-5.2. Darwin C.
The descent of man , and selection in relation to sex .
New York , A. L. Burt ; 1874.3 .
Butzer KW , Isaac GL , International Congress of Anthropological and Ethnological Sciences 9C1 .
After the Australopithecines : stratigraphy , ecology , and culture , change in the Middle Pleistocene .
The Hague : Mouton ; Chicago : distributed in the USA and Canada by Aldine ; 1976.4 .
Hublin .
Paleogeography , and the evolution of the Neandertals .
In : Akazawa , Aoki , Bar - Yosef , Eds. Neandertals and Modern Humans in Western Asia .
New York : Plenum Press ; 1998:295-310.5 . Hublin .
Climatic Changes , Paleogeography , and the Evolution of the Neandertals .
In : Akazawa , Aoki , Bar - Yosef , Eds. Neandertals and Modern Humans in Western Asia .
New York : Plenum Press ; 1998:295-310.6 . Martinón - Torres M , Bastir M , Bermúdez de Castro JM , Gómez A , Sarmiento S , Muela A , Arsuaga JL .
Hominin lower second premolar morphology : evolutionary inferences through geometric morphometric analysis .
J Hum Evol 2006 ; 50:523-33.7 .
Hawks JD , Wolpoff MH .
The accretion model of Neandertal evolution .
Evolution 2001 ; 55:1474 -85 .
So these researchers ( being encouraged , of course , by fine organizations like the American Enterprise Institute ) are working to counterbalance all that gloomy , depressing stuff like post - traumatic stress disorder that people associate with serving in a combat zone .
A sense of personal strength , appreciation for life and love of family have all been enhanced , says Frikken , 39 , who directs artillery fire for 10th Mountain Division troops fighting here .
" I will never be the same person I was before my combat experiences , " he says .
What happens to soldiers like Frikken has led Army leaders to develop a resiliency program that urges GIs to look inward and discover how combat may have made them emotionally stronger .
Research appears to show that many people can emerge from traumatic experiences with greater self - confidence , a keener sense of compassion and appreciation for life , says Brig .
Gen. Rhonda Cornum , director of the Army 's Comprehensive Soldier Fitness program .
Cornum and other experts call this concept post - traumatic growth .
Although the military focuses attention on troops who develop mental health conditions in combat , Cornum says , the majority of war veterans do not suffer post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) or other problems .
" We never ask if anybody had some positive outcomes .
We only ask about this laundry list of illnesses , " says Cornum , referring to a battery of health questions soldiers face when they leave the combat zone .
And this is seen as what we used to call " proof . "
Traumatized soldiers , who suspect their military careers will take a turn for the worse if they admit to problems , have no incentive at all to pretend they 're fine .
Right ?
And of course , it could n't possibly be that the trauma itself might make them less likely to admit it !
( Even though we 've read stories of vets who were later denied benefits because they did n't admit they had a problem when asked to fill out the questionnaire . )
God knows , I 'm not saying everyone who sees combat has PTSD .
But to base your conclusion on whether soldiers admitted they had problems is nowhere near a scientific method .
She often alludes to her experiences as a prisoner during the Persian Gulf War.
Cornum was an Army captain and flight surgeon in 1991 aboard a Black Hawk helicopter shot down over Iraq .
Five of the seven soldiers died .
Cornum suffered two broken arms and a gunshot wound to the shoulder , was captured with two others and held for eight days .
Help me , Rhonda .
Help me understand how your being sexually molested while held captive made you a better person , and that you would n't trade that experience for all the world .
And while you 're at it , explain to me why this program should n't be seen as coercive , an attempt to manipulate soldiers into suppressing their emotional problems - because it 's so much easier ( and cheaper ) for the Pentagon that way .
Her goal is to include a self - assessment on traumatic growth with a health questionnaire given to soldiers three to six months after they return from combat .
She would also like to include in preparations before and after GIs are deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan short video segments of servicemembers describing how their personal lives changed for the better after surviving combat .
The new tools could be put into effect within a year , Cornum says .
Richard Tedeschi , an expert in post - traumatic growth at the University of North Carolina - Charlotte , is collaborating on the project with the Army .
Even though he calls the initiative " uncharted territory , " Tedeschi says research indicates that soldiers have found value in their combat experiences .
If informed about potential for post - traumatic growth beginning in basic training , he says , soldiers might not automatically assume " that the combat experience produces PTSD and you 're kind of doomed . "
During remarks at the American Enterprise Institute recently in Washington , Tedeschi said some servicemembers found the changes in their lives so profound after combat , they expressed gratitude for having gone through it — even if it cost them permanent physical damage .
" They 'd felt they 'd changed as people in ways they otherwise would n't have , " Tedeschi says .
" At the same time , as this trauma separates them from other people , it also allows them to maybe see themselves as more human than they ever were before , have a closer connection with what it means to be a human being . "
You know , I do n't doubt this happens .
After all , people have a tendency to try to integrate their experiences for growth .
But there 's a fine line between that voluntary process and being cajoled by the Army into pretending you do n't have problems .
See , the essence of PTSD is that it's an involuntary reaction to trauma .
We do n't know why some people get it , and some people do n't .
And to imply to vulnerable soldiers that there 's something weak about them if they do is despicable .
Conservative and religious groups in Afghanistan reacted with fury yesterday to the news that Sayed Pervez Kambaksh , who was sentenced to death for promoting women 's rights , has been freed .
After President Hamid Karzai secretly pardoned the 24 - year - old student , hardliners called for an urgent ulama , a meeting of Islamic scholars , to organise protests against the decision .
Mr Kambaksh's brother , Sayed Yaqub Ibrahimi , said he was " very glad , very happy " at what had happened , and human rights organisations and a number of liberal parliamentarians welcomed the news .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fate of Mr Kambaksh became a cause célèbre after his plight was revealed by The Independent .
A petition to secure justice secured more than 100,000 signatures and the Afghan government came under pressure from Western leaders to free him .
Mr Kambaksh 's original death sentence was set aside by Afghanistan 's Supreme Court .
But the judges ruled that he must serve at least 20 years in prison .
Following the presidential amnesty he is now starting a life with a new identity in another country after 20 months of incarceration .
Mr Ibrahimi said : " We are all very happy that so much progress has been made with Pervez and I want to thank all the people who have helped in this .
I have to be careful about what I say but , of course , Pervez should never have been put in that position , it was wrong .
The family is very glad he is out . "
But yesterday in Kabul , Maulavi Hanif Shah Hosseini , a prominent mullah , declared : " Kambaksh committed a crime against the Koran and the people who conspired so that he escaped the law have also committed a crime .
" All the decisions to help this man who disrespected Islam are coming from the foreigners .
But the decision to follow along with this came from Karzai and the Afghan government and we disown them .
We are going to call for a gathering of the ulama to decide what to do .
We are not going to make a big stand against this and any trouble will be the fault of people who helped Kambaksh . "
Qari Rahmatullah , MP for Kunduz , said : " This just shows that our country is not independent .
Our policies are dictated by outsiders .
Why should a man be allowed to insult Islam and then just walk away ? "
And he added : " Good Muslim people will be unhappy about this and Mr Karzai will have difficulties if the voting [ in the election ] goes to the second round . "
But fellow parliamentarian Shakria Basakzai , an MP for Kabul , said : " The real scandal is that it took so long to get him out .
The people who keep on saying that Pervez should be punished do not know the facts of the case . "
Humayra Akakhail , the MP for Mazar - i- Sharif , the city where Mr Kambaksh was convicted after a trial lasting just four minutes , said : " I am aware that the man had health issues and it is good that he had been freed so that he can get proper treatment .
I do not think it was helping anyone to keep him in jail . "
The differing views were reflected in the streets of Kabul .
Muqbullah Ali , a 46 - year - old labourer , was adamant that : " This is a very bad thing and it is not good for the country , those responsible cannot just walk away as if nothing had happened .
If our religious leaders now ask us to take some action then I shall do so . "
But Akhbar Mohammed Shah said that Mr Karzai has got himself a vote .
" Maybe this is the start of a change , " the 23 - year - old engineering student said , " And we shall get back the old Karzai my parents voted for five years ago . "
A spokeswoman for Human Right 's Watch said the organisation " welcomed what has happened " , and Vincent Brussel , of the journalists campaigning group Reporters Without Borders , said : " This is great news .
Pervez became a symbol of the oppression which is taking place in Afghanistan and the persecution the media faces there .
We know there are many worrying things going on there and we must be vigilant .
But The Independent led the way in this and the newspaper and others in the campaign have every reason to be proud . "
Walter Benjamin ( 1936 )
The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction
Source : UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television ;
Translated : by Harry Zohn ;
Published : by Schocken / Random House , ed. by Hannah Arendt ;
Transcribed : by Andy Blunden 1998 ; proofed and corrected Feb. 2005 .
“ Our fine arts were developed , their types and uses were established , in times very different from the present , by men whose power of action upon things was insignificant in comparison with ours .
But the amazing growth of our techniques , the adaptability and precision they have attained , the ideas and habits they are creating , make it a certainty that profound changes are impending in the ancient craft of the Beautiful .
In all the arts there is a physical component which can no longer be considered or treated as it used to be , which cannot remain unaffected by our modern knowledge and power .
For the last twenty years neither matter nor space nor time has been what it was from time immemorial .
We must expect great innovations to transform the entire technique of the arts , thereby affecting artistic invention itself and perhaps even bringing about an amazing change in our very notion of art . ”
Paul Valéry , Pièces sur L’Art , 1931
Le Conquete de l’ubiquite
Preface
When Marx undertook his critique of the capitalistic mode of production , this mode was in its infancy .
Marx directed his efforts in such a way as to give them prognostic value .
He went back to the basic conditions underlying capitalistic production and through his presentation showed what could be expected of capitalism in the future .
The result was that one could expect it not only to exploit the proletariat with increasing intensity , but ultimately to create conditions which would make it possible to abolish capitalism itself .
The transformation of the superstructure , which takes place far more slowly than that of the substructure , has taken more than half a century to manifest in all areas of culture the change in the conditions of production .
Only today can it be indicated what form this has taken .
Certain prognostic requirements should be met by these statements .
However , theses about the art of the proletariat after its assumption of power or about the art of a classless society would have less bearing on these demands than theses about the developmental tendencies of art under present conditions of production .
Their dialectic is no less noticeable in the superstructure than in the economy .
It would therefore be wrong to underestimate the value of such theses as a weapon .
They brush aside a number of outmoded concepts , such as creativity and genius , eternal value and mystery – concepts whose uncontrolled ( and at present almost uncontrollable ) application would lead to a processing of data in the Fascist sense .
The concepts which are introduced into the theory of art in what follows differ from the more familiar terms in that they are completely useless for the purposes of Fascism .
They are , on the other hand , useful for the formulation of revolutionary demands in the politics of art .
I
In principle a work of art has always been reproducible .
Man -made artifacts could always be imitated by men .
Replicas were made by pupils in practice of their craft , by masters for diffusing their works , and , finally , by third parties in the pursuit of gain .
Mechanical reproduction of a work of art , however , represents something new .
Historically , it advanced intermittently and in leaps at long intervals , but with accelerated intensity .
The Greeks knew only two procedures of technically reproducing works of art : founding and stamping .
Bronzes , terra cottas , and coins were the only art works which they could produce in quantity .
All others were unique and could not be mechanically reproduced .
With the woodcut graphic art became mechanically reproducible for the first time , long before script became reproducible by print .
The enormous changes which printing , the mechanical reproduction of writing , has brought about in literature are a familiar story .
However , within the phenomenon which we are here examining from the perspective of world history , print is merely a special , though particularly important , case .
During the Middle Ages engraving and etching were added to the woodcut ; at the beginning of the nineteenth century lithography made its appearance .
With lithography the technique of reproduction reached an essentially new stage .
This much more direct process was distinguished by the tracing of the design on a stone rather than its incision on a block of wood or its etching on a copperplate and permitted graphic art for the first time to put its products on the market , not only in large numbers as hitherto , but also in daily changing forms .
Lithography enabled graphic art to illustrate everyday life , and it began to keep pace with printing .
But only a few decades after its invention , lithography was surpassed by photography .
For the first time in the process of pictorial reproduction , photography freed the hand of the most important artistic functions which henceforth devolved only upon the eye looking into a lens .
Since the eye perceives more swiftly than the hand can draw , the process of pictorial reproduction was accelerated so enormously that it could keep pace with speech .
A film operator shooting a scene in the studio captures the images at the speed of an actor ’s speech .
Just as lithography virtually implied the illustrated newspaper , so did photography foreshadow the sound film .
The technical reproduction of sound was tackled at the end of the last century .
These convergent endeavors made predictable a situation which Paul Valery pointed up in this sentence :
“ Just as water , gas , and electricity are brought into our houses from far off to satisfy our needs in response to a minimal effort , so we shall be supplied with visual or auditory images , which will appear and disappear at a simple movement of the hand , hardly more than a sign . ”
Around 1900 technical reproduction had reached a standard that not only permitted it to reproduce all transmitted works of art and thus to cause the most profound change in their impact upon the public ; it also had captured a place of its own among the artistic processes .
For the study of this standard nothing is more revealing than the nature of the repercussions that these two different manifestations – the reproduction of works of art and the art of the film – have had on art in its traditional form .
II
Even the most perfect reproduction of a work of art is lacking in one element : its presence in time and space , its unique existence at the place where it happens to be .
This unique existence of the work of art determined the history to which it was subject throughout the time of its existence .
This includes the changes which it may have suffered in physical condition over the years as well as the various changes in its ownership .
The traces of the first can be revealed only by chemical or physical analyses which it is impossible to perform on a reproduction ; changes of ownership are subject to a tradition which must be traced from the situation of the original .
The presence of the original is the prerequisite to the concept of authenticity .
Chemical analyses of the patina of a bronze can help to establish this , as does the proof that a given manuscript of the Middle Ages stems from an archive of the fifteenth century .
The whole sphere of authenticity is outside technical – and , of course , not only technical – reproducibility .
Confronted with its manual reproduction , which was usually branded as a forgery , the original preserved all its authority ; not so vis -à - vis technical reproduction .
The reason is twofold .
First , process reproduction is more independent of the original than manual reproduction .
For example , in photography , process reproduction can bring out those aspects of the original that are unattainable to the naked eye yet accessible to the lens , which is adjustable and chooses its angle at will .
And photographic reproduction , with the aid of certain processes , such as enlargement or slow motion , can capture images which escape natural vision .
Secondly , technical reproduction can put the copy of the original into situations which would be out of reach for the original itself .
Above all , it enables the original to meet the beholder halfway , be it in the form of a photograph or a phonograph record .
The cathedral leaves its locale to be received in the studio of a lover of art ; the choral production , performed in an auditorium or in the open air , resounds in the drawing room .
The situations into which the product of mechanical reproduction can be brought may not touch the actual work of art , yet the quality of its presence is always depreciated .
This holds not only for the art work but also , for instance , for a landscape which passes in review before the spectator in a movie .
In the case of the art object , a most sensitive nucleus – namely , its authenticity – is interfered with whereas no natural object is vulnerable on that score .
The authenticity of a thing is the essence of all that is transmissible from its beginning , ranging from its substantive duration to its testimony to the history which it has experienced .
Since the historical testimony rests on the authenticity , the former , too , is jeopardized by reproduction when substantive duration ceases to matter .
And what is really jeopardized when the historical testimony is affected is the authority of the object .
One might subsume the eliminated element in the term “ aura ” and go on to say : that which withers in the age of mechanical reproduction is the aura of the work of art .
This is a symptomatic process whose significance points beyond the realm of art .
One might generalize by saying : the technique of reproduction detaches the reproduced object from the domain of tradition .
By making many reproductions it substitutes a plurality of copies for a unique existence .
And in permitting the reproduction to meet the beholder or listener in his own particular situation , it reactivates the object reproduced .
These two processes lead to a tremendous shattering of tradition which is the obverse of the contemporary crisis and renewal of mankind .
Both processes are intimately connected with the contemporary mass movements .
Their most powerful agent is the film .
Its social significance , particularly in its most positive form , is inconceivable without its destructive , cathartic aspect , that is , the liquidation of the traditional value of the cultural heritage .
This phenomenon is most palpable in the great historical films .
It extends to ever new positions .
In 1927 Abel Gance exclaimed enthusiastically :
“ Shakespeare , Rembrandt , Beethoven will make films ... all legends , all mythologies and all myths , all founders of religion , and the very religions ... await their exposed resurrection , and the heroes crowd each other at the gate . ”
Presumably without intending it , he issued an invitation to a far - reaching liquidation .
III
During long periods of history , the mode of human sense perception changes with humanity ’s entire mode of existence .
The manner in which human sense perception is organized , the medium in which it is accomplished , is determined not only by nature but by historical circumstances as well .
The fifth century , with its great shifts of population , saw the birth of the late Roman art industry and the Vienna Genesis , and there developed not only an art different from that of antiquity but also a new kind of perception .
The scholars of the Viennese school , Riegl and Wickhoff , who resisted the weight of classical tradition under which these later art forms had been buried , were the first to draw conclusions from them concerning the organization of perception at the time .
However far - reaching their insight , these scholars limited themselves to showing the significant , formal hallmark which characterized perception in late Roman times .
They did not attempt – and , perhaps , saw no way – to show the social transformations expressed by these changes of perception .
The conditions for an analogous insight are more favorable in the present .
And if changes in the medium of contemporary perception can be comprehended as decay of the aura , it is possible to show its social causes .
The concept of aura which was proposed above with reference to historical objects may usefully be illustrated with reference to the aura of natural ones .
We define the aura of the latter as the unique phenomenon of a distance , however close it may be .
If , while resting on a summer afternoon , you follow with your eyes a mountain range on the horizon or a branch which casts its shadow over you , you experience the aura of those mountains , of that branch .
This image makes it easy to comprehend the social bases of the contemporary decay of the aura .
It rests on two circumstances , both of which are related to the increasing significance of the masses in contemporary life .
Namely , the desire of contemporary masses to bring things “ closer ” spatially and humanly , which is just as ardent as their bent toward overcoming the uniqueness of every reality by accepting its reproduction .
Every day the urge grows stronger to get hold of an object at very close range by way of its likeness , its reproduction .
Unmistakably , reproduction as offered by picture magazines and newsreels differs from the image seen by the unarmed eye .
Uniqueness and permanence are as closely linked in the latter as are transitoriness and reproducibility in the former .
To pry an object from its shell , to destroy its aura , is the mark of a perception whose “ sense of the universal equality of things ” has increased to such a degree that it extracts it even from a unique object by means of reproduction .
Thus is manifested in the field of perception what in the theoretical sphere is noticeable in the increasing importance of statistics .
The adjustment of reality to the masses and of the masses to reality is a process of unlimited scope , as much for thinking as for perception .
IV
The uniqueness of a work of art is inseparable from its being imbedded in the fabric of tradition .
This tradition itself is thoroughly alive and extremely changeable .
An ancient statue of Venus , for example , stood in a different traditional context with the Greeks , who made it an object of veneration , than with the clerics of the Middle Ages , who viewed it as an ominous idol .
Both of them , however , were equally confronted with its uniqueness , that is , its aura .
Originally the contextual integration of art in tradition found its expression in the cult .
We know that the earliest art works originated in the service of a ritual – first the magical , then the religious kind .
It is significant that the existence of the work of art with reference to its aura is never entirely separated from its ritual function .
In other words , the unique value of the “ authentic ” work of art has its basis in ritual , the location of its original use value .
This ritualistic basis , however remote , is still recognizable as secularized ritual even in the most profane forms of the cult of beauty .
The secular cult of beauty , developed during the Renaissance and prevailing for three centuries , clearly showed that ritualistic basis in its decline and the first deep crisis which befell it .
With the advent of the first truly revolutionary means of reproduction , photography , simultaneously with the rise of socialism , art sensed the approaching crisis which has become evident a century later .
At the time , art reacted with the doctrine of l’art pour l’art , that is , with a theology of art .
This gave rise to what might be called a negative theology in the form of the idea of “ pure ” art , which not only denied any social function of art but also any categorizing by subject matter .
( In poetry , Mallarme was the first to take this position . )
An analysis of art in the age of mechanical reproduction must do justice to these relationships , for they lead us to an all - important insight : for the first time in world history , mechanical reproduction emancipates the work of art from its parasitical dependence on ritual .
To an ever greater degree the work of art reproduced becomes the work of art designed for reproducibility .
From a photographic negative , for example , one can make any number of prints ; to ask for the “ authentic ” print makes no sense .
But the instant the criterion of authenticity ceases to be applicable to artistic production , the total function of art is reversed .
Instead of being based on ritual , it begins to be based on another practice – politics .
V
Works of art are received and valued on different planes .
Two polar types stand out ; with one , the accent is on the cult value ; with the other , on the exhibition value of the work .
Artistic production begins with ceremonial objects destined to serve in a cult .
One may assume that what mattered was their existence , not their being on view .
The elk portrayed by the man of the Stone Age on the walls of his cave was an instrument of magic .
He did expose it to his fellow men , but in the main it was meant for the spirits .
Today the cult value would seem to demand that the work of art remain hidden .
Certain statues of gods are accessible only to the priest in the cella ; certain Madonnas remain covered nearly all year round ; certain sculptures on medieval cathedrals are invisible to the spectator on ground level .
With the emancipation of the various art practices from ritual go increasing opportunities for the exhibition of their products .
It is easier to exhibit a portrait bust that can be sent here and there than to exhibit the statue of a divinity that has its fixed place in the interior of a temple .
The same holds for the painting as against the mosaic or fresco that preceded it .
And even though the public presentability of a mass originally may have been just as great as that of a symphony , the latter originated at the moment when its public presentability promised to surpass that of the mass .
With the different methods of technical reproduction of a work of art , its fitness for exhibition increased to such an extent that the quantitative shift between its two poles turned into a qualitative transformation of its nature .
This is comparable to the situation of the work of art in prehistoric times when , by the absolute emphasis on its cult value , it was , first and foremost , an instrument of magic .
Only later did it come to be recognized as a work of art .
In the same way today , by the absolute emphasis on its exhibition value the work of art becomes a creation with entirely new functions , among which the one we are conscious of , the artistic function , later may be recognized as incidental .
This much is certain : today photography and the film are the most serviceable exemplifications of this new function .
VI
In photography , exhibition value begins to displace cult value all along the line .
But cult value does not give way without resistance .
It retires into an ultimate retrenchment : the human countenance .
It is no accident that the portrait was the focal point of early photography .
The cult of remembrance of loved ones , absent or dead , offers a last refuge for the cult value of the picture .
For the last time the aura emanates from the early photographs in the fleeting expression of a human face .
This is what constitutes their melancholy , incomparable beauty .
But as man withdraws from the photographic image , the exhibition value for the first time shows its superiority to the ritual value .
To have pinpointed this new stage constitutes the incomparable significance of Atget , who , around 1900 , took photographs of deserted Paris streets .
It has quite justly been said of him that he photographed them like scenes of crime .
The scene of a crime , too , is deserted ; it is photographed for the purpose of establishing evidence .
With Atget , photographs become standard evidence for historical occurrences , and acquire a hidden political significance .
They demand a specific kind of approach ; free - floating contemplation is not appropriate to them .
They stir the viewer ; he feels challenged by them in a new way .
At the same time picture magazines begin to put up signposts for him , right ones or wrong ones , no matter .
For the first time , captions have become obligatory .
And it is clear that they have an altogether different character than the title of a painting .
The directives which the captions give to those looking at pictures in illustrated magazines soon become even more explicit and more imperative in the film where the meaning of each single picture appears to be prescribed by the sequence of all preceding ones .
VII
The nineteenth - century dispute as to the artistic value of painting versus photography today seems devious and confused .
This does not diminish its importance , however ; if anything , it underlines it .
The dispute was in fact the symptom of a historical transformation the universal impact of which was not realized by either of the rivals .
When the age of mechanical reproduction separated art from its basis in cult , the semblance of its autonomy disappeared forever .
The resulting change in the function of art transcended the perspective of the century ; for a long time it even escaped that of the twentieth century , which experienced the development of the film .
Earlier much futile thought had been devoted to the question of whether photography is an art .
The primary question – whether the very invention of photography had not transformed the entire nature of art – was not raised .
Soon the film theoreticians asked the same ill - considered question with regard to the film .
But the difficulties which photography caused traditional aesthetics were mere child ’s play as compared to those raised by the film .
Whence the insensitive and forced character of early theories of the film .
Abel Gance , for instance , compares the film with hieroglyphs : “ Here , by a remarkable regression , we have come back to the level of expression of the Egyptians ...
Pictorial language has not yet matured because our eyes have not yet adjusted to it .
There is as yet insufficient respect for , insufficient cult of , what it expresses . ”
Or , in the words of Séverin - Mars : “ What art has been granted a dream more poetical and more real at the same time !
Approached in this fashion the film might represent an incomparable means of expression .
Only the most high - minded persons , in the most perfect and mysterious moments of their lives , should be allowed to enter its ambience . ”
Alexandre Arnoux concludes his fantasy about the silent film with the question : “ Do not all the bold descriptions we have given amount to the definition of prayer ? ”
It is instructive to note how their desire to class the film among the “ arts ” forces these theoreticians to read ritual elements into it – with a striking lack of discretion .
Yet when these speculations were published , films like L’Opinion publique and The Gold Rush had already appeared .
This , however , did not keep Abel Gance from adducing hieroglyphs for purposes of comparison , nor Séverin - Mars from speaking of the film as one might speak of paintings by Fra Angelico .
Characteristically , even today ultrareactionary authors give the film a similar contextual significance – if not an outright sacred one , then at least a supernatural one .
Commenting on Max Reinhardt ’s film version of A Midsummer Night ’s Dream , Werfel states that undoubtedly it was the sterile copying of the exterior world with its streets , interiors , railroad stations , restaurants , motorcars , and beaches which until now had obstructed the elevation of the film to the realm of art .
“ The film has not yet realized its true meaning , its real possibilities ... these consist in its unique faculty to express by natural means and with incomparable persuasiveness all that is fairylike , marvelous , supernatural . ”
VIII
The artistic performance of a stage actor is definitely presented to the public by the actor in person ; that of the screen actor , however , is presented by a camera , with a twofold consequence .
The camera that presents the performance of the film actor to the public need not respect the performance as an integral whole .
Guided by the cameraman , the camera continually changes its position with respect to the performance .
The sequence of positional views which the editor composes from the material supplied him constitutes the completed film .
It comprises certain factors of movement which are in reality those of the camera , not to mention special camera angles , close - ups , etc .
Hence , the performance of the actor is subjected to a series of optical tests .
This is the first consequence of the fact that the actor ’s performance is presented by means of a camera .
Also , the film actor lacks the opportunity of the stage actor to adjust to the audience during his performance , since he does not present his performance to the audience in person .
This permits the audience to take the position of a critic , without experiencing any personal contact with the actor .
The audience ’s identification with the actor is really an identification with the camera .
Consequently the audience takes the position of the camera ; its approach is that of testing .
This is not the approach to which cult values may be exposed .
IX
For the film , what matters primarily is that the actor represents himself to the public before the camera , rather than representing someone else .
One of the first to sense the actor ’s metamorphosis by this form of testing was Pirandello .
Though his remarks on the subject in his novel Si Gira were limited to the negative aspects of the question and to the silent film only , this hardly impairs their validity .
For in this respect , the sound film did not change anything essential .
What matters is that the part is acted not for an audience but for a mechanical contrivance – in the case of the sound film , for two of them .
“ The film actor , ” wrote Pirandello , “ feels as if in exile – exiled not only from the stage but also from himself .
With a vague sense of discomfort he feels inexplicable emptiness : his body loses its corporeality , it evaporates , it is deprived of reality , life , voice , and the noises caused by his moving about , in order to be changed into a mute image , flickering an instant on the screen , then vanishing into silence ....
The projector will play with his shadow before the public , and he himself must be content to play before the camera . ”
This situation might also be characterized as follows : for the first time – and this is the effect of the film – man has to operate with his whole living person , yet forgoing its aura .
For aura is tied to his presence ; there can be no replica of it .
The aura which , on the stage , emanates from Macbeth , cannot be separated for the spectators from that of the actor .
However , the singularity of the shot in the studio is that the camera is substituted for the public .
Consequently , the aura that envelops the actor vanishes , and with it the aura of the figure he portrays .
It is not surprising that it should be a dramatist such as Pirandello who , in characterizing the film , inadvertently touches on the very crisis in which we see the theater .
Any thorough study proves that there is indeed no greater contrast than that of the stage play to a work of art that is completely subject to or , like the film , founded in , mechanical reproduction .
Experts have long recognized that in the film “ the greatest effects are almost always obtained by ‘ acting ’ as little as possible ... ” In 1932 Rudolf Arnheim saw “ the latest trend ... in treating the actor as a stage prop chosen for its characteristics and ... inserted at the proper place . ”
With this idea something else is closely connected .
The stage actor identifies himself with the character of his role .
The film actor very often is denied this opportunity .
His creation is by no means all of a piece ; it is composed of many separate performances .
Besides certain fortuitous considerations , such as cost of studio , availability of fellow players , décor , etc. , there are elementary necessities of equipment that split the actor ’s work into a series of mountable episodes .
In particular , lighting and its installation require the presentation of an event that , on the screen , unfolds as a rapid and unified scene , in a sequence of separate shootings which may take hours at the studio ; not to mention more obvious montage .
Thus a jump from the window can be shot in the studio as a jump from a scaffold , and the ensuing flight , if need be , can be shot weeks later when outdoor scenes are taken .
Far more paradoxical cases can easily be construed .
Let us assume that an actor is supposed to be startled by a knock at the door .
If his reaction is not satisfactory , the director can resort to an expedient : when the actor happens to be at the studio again he has a shot fired behind him without his being forewarned of it .
The frightened reaction can be shot now and be cut into the screen version .
Nothing more strikingly shows that art has left the realm of the “ beautiful semblance ” which , so far , had been taken to be the only sphere where art could thrive .
X
The feeling of strangeness that overcomes the actor before the camera , as Pirandello describes it , is basically of the same kind as the estrangement felt before one ’s own image in the mirror .
But now the reflected image has become separable , transportable .
And where is it transported ?
Before the public .
Never for a moment does the screen actor cease to be conscious of this fact .
While facing the camera he knows that ultimately he will face the public , the consumers who constitute the market .
This market , where he offers not only his labor but also his whole self , his heart and soul , is beyond his reach .
During the shooting he has as little contact with it as any article made in a factory .
This may contribute to that oppression , that new anxiety which , according to Pirandello , grips the actor before the camera .
The film responds to the shriveling of the aura with an artificial build - up of the “ personality ” outside the studio .
The cult of the movie star , fostered by the money of the film industry , preserves not the unique aura of the person but the “ spell of the personality , ” the phony spell of a commodity .
So long as the movie - makers ’ capital sets the fashion , as a rule no other revolutionary merit can be accredited to today ’s film than the promotion of a revolutionary criticism of traditional concepts of art .
We do not deny that in some cases today ’s films can also promote revolutionary criticism of social conditions , even of the distribution of property .
However , our present study is no more specifically concerned with this than is the film production of Western Europe .
It is inherent in the technique of the film as well as that of sports that everybody who witnesses its accomplishments is somewhat of an expert .
This is obvious to anyone listening to a group of newspaper boys leaning on their bicycles and discussing the outcome of a bicycle race .
It is not for nothing that newspaper publishers arrange races for their delivery boys .
These arouse great interest among the participants , for the victor has an opportunity to rise from delivery boy to professional racer .
Similarly , the newsreel offers everyone the opportunity to rise from passer - by to movie extra .
In this way any man might even find himself part of a work of art , as witness Vertov ’s Three Songs About Lenin or Ivens ’ Borinage .
Any man today can lay claim to being filmed .
This claim can best be elucidated by a comparative look at the historical situation of contemporary literature .
For centuries a small number of writers were confronted by many thousands of readers .
This changed toward the end of the last century .
With the increasing extension of the press , which kept placing new political , religious , scientific , professional , and local organs before the readers , an increasing number of readers became writers – at first , occasional ones .
It began with the daily press opening to its readers space for “ letters to the editor . ”
And today there is hardly a gainfully employed European who could not , in principle , find an opportunity to publish somewhere or other comments on his work , grievances , documentary reports , or that sort of thing .
Thus , the distinction between author and public is about to lose its basic character .
The difference becomes merely functional ; it may vary from case to case .
At any moment the reader is ready to turn into a writer .
As expert , which he had to become willy - nilly in an extremely specialized work process , even if only in some minor respect , the reader gains access to authorship .
In the Soviet Union work itself is given a voice .
To present it verbally is part of a man ’s ability to perform the work .
Literary license is now founded on polytechnic rather than specialized training and thus becomes common property .
All this can easily be applied to the film , where transitions that in literature took centuries have come about in a decade .
In cinematic practice , particularly in Russia , this change - over has partially become established reality .
Some of the players whom we meet in Russian films are not actors in our sense but people who portray themselves and primarily in their own work process .
In Western Europe the capitalistic exploitation of the film denies consideration to modern man ’s legitimate claim to being reproduced .
Under these circumstances the film industry is trying hard to spur the interest of the masses through illusion - promoting spectacles and dubious speculations .
XI
The shooting of a film , especially of a sound film , affords a spectacle unimaginable anywhere at any time before this .
It presents a process in which it is impossible to assign to a spectator a viewpoint which would exclude from the actual scene such extraneous accessories as camera equipment , lighting machinery , staff assistants , etc. – unless his eye were on a line parallel with the lens .
This circumstance , more than any other , renders superficial and insignificant any possible similarity between a scene in the studio and one on the stage .
In the theater one is well aware of the place from which the play cannot immediately be detected as illusionary .
There is no such place for the movie scene that is being shot .
Its illusionary nature is that of the second degree , the result of cutting .
That is to say , in the studio the mechanical equipment has penetrated so deeply into reality that its pure aspect freed from the foreign substance of equipment is the result of a special procedure , namely , the shooting by the specially adjusted camera and the mounting of the shot together with other similar ones .
The equipment - free aspect of reality here has become the height of artifice ; the sight of immediate reality has become an orchid in the land of technology .
Even more revealing is the comparison of these circumstances , which differ so much from those of the theater , with the situation in painting .
Here the question is :
How does the cameraman compare with the painter ?
To answer this we take recourse to an analogy with a surgical operation .
The surgeon represents the polar opposite of the magician .
The magician heals a sick person by the laying on of hands ; the surgeon cuts into the patient ’s body .
The magician maintains the natural distance between the patient and himself ; though he reduces it very slightly by the laying on of hands , he greatly increases it by virtue of his authority .
The surgeon does exactly the reverse ; he greatly diminishes the distance between himself and the patient by penetrating into the patient ’s body , and increases it but little by the caution with which his hand moves among the organs .
In short , in contrast to the magician - who is still hidden in the medical practitioner – the surgeon at the decisive moment abstains from facing the patient man to man ; rather , it is through the operation that he penetrates into him .
Magician and surgeon compare to painter and cameraman .
The painter maintains in his work a natural distance from reality , the cameraman penetrates deeply into its web .
There is a tremendous difference between the pictures they obtain .
That of the painter is a total one , that of the cameraman consists of multiple fragments which are assembled under a new law .
Thus , for contemporary man the representation of reality by the film is incomparably more significant than that of the painter , since it offers , precisely because of the thoroughgoing permeation of reality with mechanical equipment , an aspect of reality which is free of all equipment .
And that is what one is entitled to ask from a work of art .
XII
Mechanical reproduction of art changes the reaction of the masses toward art .
The reactionary attitude toward a Picasso painting changes into the progressive reaction toward a Chaplin movie .
The progressive reaction is characterized by the direct , intimate fusion of visual and emotional enjoyment with the orientation of the expert .
Such fusion is of great social significance .
The greater the decrease in the social significance of an art form , the sharper the distinction between criticism and enjoyment by the public .
The conventional is uncritically enjoyed , and the truly new is criticized with aversion .
With regard to the screen , the critical and the receptive attitudes of the public coincide .
The decisive reason for this is that individual reactions are predetermined by the mass audience response they are about to produce , and this is nowhere more pronounced than in the film .
The moment these responses become manifest they control each other .
Again , the comparison with painting is fruitful .
A painting has always had an excellent chance to be viewed by one person or by a few .
The simultaneous contemplation of paintings by a large public , such as developed in the nineteenth century , is an early symptom of the crisis of painting , a crisis which was by no means occasioned exclusively by photography but rather in a relatively independent manner by the appeal of art works to the masses .
Painting simply is in no position to present an object for simultaneous collective experience , as it was possible for architecture at all times , for the epic poem in the past , and for the movie today .
Although this circumstance in itself should not lead one to conclusions about the social role of painting , it does constitute a serious threat as soon as painting , under special conditions and , as it were , against its nature , is confronted directly by the masses .
In the churches and monasteries of the Middle Ages and at the princely courts up to the end of the eighteenth century , a collective reception of paintings did not occur simultaneously , but by graduated and hierarchized mediation .
The change that has come about is an expression of the particular conflict in which painting was implicated by the mechanical reproducibility of paintings .
Although paintings began to be publicly exhibited in galleries and salons , there was no way for the masses to organize and control themselves in their reception .
Thus the same public which responds in a progressive manner toward a grotesque film is bound to respond in a reactionary manner to surrealism .
XIII
The characteristics of the film lie not only in the manner in which man presents himself to mechanical equipment but also in the manner in which , by means of this apparatus , man can represent his environment .
A glance at occupational psychology illustrates the testing capacity of the equipment .
Psychoanalysis illustrates it in a different perspective .
The film has enriched our field of perception with methods which can be illustrated by those of Freudian theory .
Fifty years ago , a slip of the tongue passed more or less unnoticed .
Only exceptionally may such a slip have revealed dimensions of depth in a conversation which had seemed to be taking its course on the surface .
Since the Psychopathology of Everyday Life things have changed .
This book isolated and made analyzable things which had heretofore floated along unnoticed in the broad stream of perception .
For the entire spectrum of optical , and now also acoustical , perception the film has brought about a similar deepening of apperception .
It is only an obverse of this fact that behavior items shown in a movie can be analyzed much more precisely and from more points of view than those presented on paintings or on the stage .
As compared with painting , filmed behavior lends itself more readily to analysis because of its incomparably more precise statements of the situation .
In comparison with the stage scene , the filmed behavior item lends itself more readily to analysis because it can be isolated more easily .
This circumstance derives its chief importance from its tendency to promote the mutual penetration of art and science .
Actually , of a screened behavior item which is neatly brought out in a certain situation , like a muscle of a body , it is difficult to say which is more fascinating , its artistic value or its value for science .
To demonstrate the identity of the artistic and scientific uses of photography which heretofore usually were separated will be one of the revolutionary functions of the film .
By close - ups of the things around us , by focusing on hidden details of familiar objects , by exploring common place milieus under the ingenious guidance of the camera , the film , on the one hand , extends our comprehension of the necessities which rule our lives ; on the other hand , it manages to assure us of an immense and unexpected field of action .
Our taverns and our metropolitan streets , our offices and furnished rooms , our railroad stations and our factories appeared to have us locked up hopelessly .
Then came the film and burst this prison - world asunder by the dynamite of the tenth of a second , so that now , in the midst of its far - flung ruins and debris , we calmly and adventurously go traveling .
With the close - up , space expands ; with slow motion , movement is extended .
The enlargement of a snapshot does not simply render more precise what in any case was visible , though unclear : it reveals entirely new structural formations of the subject .
So , too , slow motion not only presents familiar qualities of movement but reveals in them entirely unknown ones “ which , far from looking like retarded rapid movements , give the effect of singularly gliding , floating , supernatural motions . ”
Evidently a different nature opens itself to the camera than opens to the naked eye – if only because an unconsciously penetrated space is substituted for a space consciously explored by man .
Even if one has a general knowledge of the way people walk , one knows nothing of a person ’s posture during the fractional second of a stride .
The act of reaching for a lighter or a spoon is familiar routine , yet we hardly know what really goes on between hand and metal , not to mention how this fluctuates with our moods .
Here the camera intervenes with the resources of its lowerings and liftings , its interruptions and isolations , it extensions and accelerations , its enlargements and reductions .
The camera introduces us to unconscious optics as does psychoanalysis to unconscious impulses .
XIV
One of the foremost tasks of art has always been the creation of a demand which could be fully satisfied only later .
The history of every art form shows critical epochs in which a certain art form aspires to effects which could be fully obtained only with a changed technical standard , that is to say , in a new art form .
The extravagances and crudities of art which thus appear , particularly in the so - called decadent epochs , actually arise from the nucleus of its richest historical energies .
In recent years , such barbarisms were abundant in Dadaism .
It is only now that its impulse becomes discernible : Dadaism attempted to create by pictorial – and literary – means the effects which the public today seeks in the film .
Every fundamentally new , pioneering creation of demands will carry beyond its goal .
Dadaism did so to the extent that it sacrificed the market values which are so characteristic of the film in favor of higher ambitions – though of course it was not conscious of such intentions as here described .
The Dadaists attached much less importance to the sales value of their work than to its uselessness for contemplative immersion .
The studied degradation of their material was not the least of their means to achieve this uselessness .
Their poems are “ word salad ” containing obscenities and every imaginable waste product of language .
The same is true of their paintings , on which they mounted buttons and tickets .
What they intended and achieved was a relentless destruction of the aura of their creations , which they branded as reproductions with the very means of production .
Before a painting of Arp ’s or a poem by August Stramm it is impossible to take time for contemplation and evaluation as one would before a canvas of Derain ’s or a poem by Rilke .
In the decline of middle - class society , contemplation became a school for asocial behavior ; it was countered by distraction as a variant of social conduct .
Dadaistic activities actually assured a rather vehement distraction by making works of art the center of scandal .
One requirement was foremost : to outrage the public .
From an alluring appearance or persuasive structure of sound the work of art of the Dadaists became an instrument of ballistics .
It hit the spectator like a bullet , it happened to him , thus acquiring a tactile quality .
It promoted a demand for the film , the distracting element of which is also primarily tactile , being based on changes of place and focus which periodically assail the spectator .
Let us compare the screen on which a film unfolds with the canvas of a painting .
The painting invites the spectator to contemplation ; before it the spectator can abandon himself to his associations .
Before the movie frame he cannot do so .
No sooner has his eye grasped a scene than it is already changed .
It can not be arrested .
Duhamel , who detests the film and knows nothing of its significance , though something of its structure , notes this circumstance as follows : “ I can no longer think what I want to think .
My thoughts have been replaced by moving images . ”
The spectator ’s process of association in view of these images is indeed interrupted by their constant , sudden change .
This constitutes the shock effect of the film , which , like all shocks , should be cushioned by heightened presence of mind .
By means of its technical structure , the film has taken the physical shock effect out of the wrappers in which Dadaism had , as it were , kept it inside the moral shock effect .
XV
The mass is a matrix from which all traditional behavior toward works of art issues today in a new form .
Quantity has been transmuted into quality .
The greatly increased mass of participants has produced a change in the mode of participation .
The fact that the new mode of participation first appeared in a disreputable form must not confuse the spectator .
Yet some people have launched spirited attacks against precisely this superficial aspect .
Among these , Duhamel has expressed himself in the most radical manner .
What he objects to most is the kind of participation which the movie elicits from the masses .
Duhamel calls the movie “ a pastime for helots , a diversion for uneducated , wretched , worn - out creatures who are consumed by their worries a spectacle which requires no concentration and presupposes no intelligence which kindles no light in the heart and awakens no hope other than the ridiculous one of someday becoming a ‘ star ’ in Los Angeles . ”
Clearly , this is at bottom the same ancient lament that the masses seek distraction whereas art demands concentration from the spectator .
That is a commonplace .
The question remains whether it provides a platform for the analysis of the film .
A closer look is needed here .
Distraction and concentration form polar opposites which may be stated as follows : A man who concentrates before a work of art is absorbed by it .
He enters into this work of art the way legend tells of the Chinese painter when he viewed his finished painting .
In contrast , the distracted mass absorbs the work of art .
This is most obvious with regard to buildings .
Architecture has always represented the prototype of a work of art the reception of which is consummated by a collectivity in a state of distraction .
The laws of its reception are most instructive .
Buildings have been man ’s companions since primeval times .
Many art forms have developed and perished .
Tragedy begins with the Greeks , is extinguished with them , and after centuries its “ rules ” only are revived .
The epic poem , which had its origin in the youth of nations , expires in Europe at the end of the Renaissance .
Panel painting is a creation of the Middle Ages , and nothing guarantees its uninterrupted existence .
But the human need for shelter is lasting .
Architecture has never been idle .
Its history is more ancient than that of any other art , and its claim to being a living force has significance in every attempt to comprehend the relationship of the masses to art .
Buildings are appropriated in a twofold manner : by use and by perception – or rather , by touch and sight .
Such appropriation cannot be understood in terms of the attentive concentration of a tourist before a famous building .
On the tactile side there is no counterpart to contemplation on the optical side .
Tactile appropriation is accomplished not so much by attention as by habit .
As regards architecture , habit determines to a large extent even optical reception .
The latter , too , occurs much less through rapt attention than by noticing the object in incidental fashion .
This mode of appropriation , developed with reference to architecture , in certain circumstances acquires canonical value .
For the tasks which face the human apparatus of perception at the turning points of history cannot be solved by optical means , that is , by contemplation , alone .
They are mastered gradually by habit , under the guidance of tactile appropriation .
The distracted person , too , can form habits .
More , the ability to master certain tasks in a state of distraction proves that their solution has become a matter of habit .
Distraction as provided by art presents a covert control of the extent to which new tasks have become soluble by apperception .
Since , moreover , individuals are tempted to avoid such tasks , art will tackle the most difficult and most important ones where it is able to mobilize the masses .
Today it does so in the film .
Reception in a state of distraction , which is increasing noticeably in all fields of art and is symptomatic of profound changes in apperception , finds in the film its true means of exercise .
The film with its shock effect meets this mode of reception halfway .
The film makes the cult value recede into the background not only by putting the public in the position of the critic , but also by the fact that at the movies this position requires no attention .
The public is an examiner , but an absent - minded one .
Epilogue
The growing proletarianization of modern man and the increasing formation of masses are two aspects of the same process .
Fascism attempts to organize the newly created proletarian masses without affecting the property structure which the masses strive to eliminate .
Fascism sees its salvation in giving these masses not their right , but instead a chance to express themselves .
The masses have a right to change property relations ; Fascism seeks to give them an expression while preserving property .
The logical result of Fascism is the introduction of aesthetics into political life .
The violation of the masses , whom Fascism , with its Führer cult , forces to their knees , has its counterpart in the violation of an apparatus which is pressed into the production of ritual values .
All efforts to render politics aesthetic culminate in one thing : war .
War and war only can set a goal for mass movements on the largest scale while respecting the traditional property system .
This is the political formula for the situation .
The technological formula may be stated as follows :
Only war makes it possible to mobilize all of today ’s technical resources while maintaining the property system .
It goes without saying that the Fascist apotheosis of war does not employ such arguments .
Still , Marinetti says in his manifesto on the Ethiopian colonial war :
“ For twenty - seven years we Futurists have rebelled against the branding of war as anti-aesthetic ...
Accordingly we state :...
War is beautiful because it establishes man ’s dominion over the subjugated machinery by means of gas masks , terrifying megaphones , flame throwers , and small tanks .
War is beautiful because it initiates the dreamt - of metalization of the human body .
War is beautiful because it enriches a flowering meadow with the fiery orchids of machine guns .
War is beautiful because it combines the gunfire , the cannonades , the cease - fire , the scents , and the stench of putrefaction into a symphony .
War is beautiful because it creates new architecture , like that of the big tanks , the geometrical formation flights , the smoke spirals from burning villages , and many others ...
Poets and artists of Futurism ! ... remember these principles of an aesthetics of war so that your struggle for a new literature and a new graphic art ... may be illumined by them ! ”
This manifesto has the virtue of clarity .
Its formulations deserve to be accepted by dialecticians .
To the latter , the aesthetics of today ’s war appears as follows :
If the natural utilization of productive forces is impeded by the property system , the increase in technical devices , in speed , and in the sources of energy will press for an unnatural utilization , and this is found in war .
The destructiveness of war furnishes proof that society has not been mature enough to incorporate technology as its organ , that technology has not been sufficiently developed to cope with the elemental forces of society .
The horrible features of imperialistic warfare are attributable to the discrepancy between the tremendous means of production and their inadequate utilization in the process of production – in other words , to unemployment and the lack of markets .
Imperialistic war is a rebellion of technology which collects , in the form of “ human material , ” the claims to which society has denied its natural materrial .
Instead of draining rivers , society directs a human stream into a bed of trenches ; instead of dropping seeds from airplanes , it drops incendiary bombs over cities ; and through gas warfare the aura is abolished in a new way .
“ Fiat ars – pereat mundus ” , says Fascism , and , as Marinetti admits , expects war to supply the artistic gratification of a sense perception that has been changed by technology .
This is evidently the consummation of “ l’art pour l’art . ”
Mankind , which in Homer ’s time was an object of contemplation for the Olympian gods , now is one for itself .
Its self - alienation has reached such a degree that it can experience its own destruction as an aesthetic pleasure of the first order .
This is the situation of politics which Fascism is rendering aesthetic .
Communism responds by politicizing art .
An Empire of Consumption
Just reading the newspapers gives me a daily diet of economic gloom .
For example , my pessimism for today ( Aug. 26 ) started with the headline of my local newspaper this morning .
The Pittsburgh Tribune Review delivered a banner message , “ Record Red Forecast at $ 1.58 Trillion . ”
( I think they printed the newspaper before the word came out that Sen .
Ted Kennedy died . )
Then for a national perspective , I looked at The Wall Street Journal , which published a slightly different alliteration , “ Decade of Debt : $ 9 Trillion . ”
And finally , for an international view , The Financial Times summed it all up in characteristic British understatement , with , “ US Says Debt Outlook Worsening . ”
Oh , you do n’t say .
The big problem – obviously , the headline issue – with the US economy is too much debt .
( That ’s the BIG problem .
There ’s a long list of other problems after that . )
And the debt problem is getting worse , not better .
Debt is ubiquitous across US society .
Debt permeates the culture .
Practically the whole nation has bitten off more than it can chew .
Within the past two generations , the US economy has transformed from what Harvard historian Charles Maier calls an “ empire of production ” ( which is what won the Second World War , for example ) to an “ empire of consumption . ”
The lunch bucket - toting factory worker , or the beam - walking riveter constructing a skyscraper , symbolized the former empire of production .
Those iconic workers are no more .
They ’ve been replaced by the image of vast tracts of McHouses blanketing the landscape .
Or of parking lots filled with new cars outside coast - to - coast malls , with their owners inside maxing out their credit cards .
It ’s the difference between an economy that creates surplus capital and an economy that consumes capital to gross deficit .
Professor Andrew Bacevich of Boston University summed it up this way in his recent book , The Limits of Power .
“ The evil genius of the empire of production was Henry Ford .
In the empire of consumption , Ford ’s counterpart was Walt Disney . ”
Come to think of it , we should be so fortunate as to be indebted just because we collectively took too many trips to Disneyland .
As a nation , the US has borrowed and spent far beyond its means .
You know what I mean .
I do n’t have to get into the details on that point .
In particular , the political class just ca n’t seem to say no .
The other side of that debt coin is a widespread inability to repay .
Households are so deep in debt that they ’ve stopped buying , and I do n’t care what the so - called consumer confidence surveys say .
Less buying means that business profits are down .
Where businesses are showing profits , a lot of it is because they are goosing the bottom lines through layoffs and spending cuts .
Layoffs ?
That ’s putting it mildly .
Many of the recent job losses are permanent .
They ’re structural .
It ’s not just the good old days , when the company said , “ Go home and we ’ll call you back in a few months . ”
No , in many cases , the jobs are gone forever .
It ’s not just factory jobs , either .
Those jobs were the first to go .
The US economy lost millions of its old - line factory jobs over the past 25 years or so .
It brought us into the age of the Rust Belt .
Some economists and deep thinkers bragged about how this was somehow “ good ” for America .
( Call me old - fashioned , but I could never quite figure that out . )
Now people with white collars are getting hit with permanent job losses in sectors like banking and law .
Many parts of the nation ’s financial districts are the new Rust Belts of America .
There are former lawyers waiting on tables , stealing jobs from the traditional class of table servers , starving artists .
At many silk - stocking firms , even the formerly sacrosanct legal “ billable hour ” is under attack .
And I know doctors and architects who ’ve been laid off .
So joblessness is up , and it ’s not about to come down anytime soon .
With joblessness up , tax collections are down across the board .
Unemployment compensation accounts are running out of money .
Public assistance accounts are running down .
Some states want to give early release to prisoners to save the costs of incarceration .
In Michigan , for example , some counties are no longer repaving the roads .
They just grind the asphalt to gravel and save the cost of paving .
It ’s a foretaste of things to come , I believe .
I do n’t see where the problems of indebtedness have been cured .
We ’re not even close .
Maybe it ’s my inner bankruptcy attorney at work .
Where ’s the wipeout ?
Where ’s the discharge ?
How has all that bad paper out there been voided ?
It has n’t .
Regards ,
Byron W. King
for The Daily Reckoning
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Now that excerpts from Weekly Standard writer Matt Continetti’s new book on Sarah Palin are in wider circulation , it ’s worth revisiting a great post on the subject from earlier this week by my friend Matt Gertz at Media Matters .
Here ’s the relevant excerpt from Continetti’s book , via US News ‘ Washington
Whispers blog :
Liberal - leaning feminists , especially comic Tina Fey , the 30 Rock star who portrayed Palin on Saturday Night Live , were jealous of Palin .
“ Palin ’s sudden global fame rankled those feminists whose own path to glory had been difficult .
To them , Palin was less a female success story than she was the beneficiary of male chauvinism , ” writes Continetti .
He holds out Fey and her TV character for special criticism .
“ It was telling that Fey should be the actress who impersonated Palin .
The two women may look like each other , but they could not be more dissimilar .
Each exemplifies a different category of feminism .
Palin comes from the I - can - do - it - all school .
She is professionally successful , has been married for more than 20 years , and has a large and ( from all outward appearances ) happy family .
And while Fey is also pretty , married , and has a daughter , the characters she portrays in films like Mean Girls and Baby Mama , and in television shows like 30 Rock , are hard - pressed eggheads who give up personal fulfillment - e.g. , marriage and motherhood - in the pursuit of professional success , ” he writes .
“ On 30 Rock , Fey , who is also the show ’s chief writer and executive producer , plays Liz Lemon , a television comedy writer modeled on herself .
Liz Lemon is smart , funny , and at the top of her field .
But she fails elsewhere .
None of her relationships with men works out .
She wants desperately to raise a child but can find neither the time nor the means to marry or adopt .
Lemon makes you laugh , for sure .
But you also would be hard pressed to name a more unhappy person on American TV . ”
There is so much wrong with this that it ’s hard to know where to start .
Dave Weigel at the Washington Independent notes that “ even the fictional Liz Lemon has fewer problems than the real - life former governor of Alaska , who quit her job under the pressure of frivolous ethics complaints and who seems to get into monthly feuds with her daughter ’s ex-boyfriend . ”
But I think Gertz takes an even better tack on this :
Continetti claims that Fey and Palin “ could not be more dissimilar . ”
Why ?
Well , Palin “ is professionally successful , has been married for more than 20 years , and has a large and ( from all outward appearances ) happy family . ”
On the other hand , Fey … well … is also apparently married with a daughter , but the CHARACTERS SHE PLAYS are not .
In short , his evidence that Fey and Palin “ could not be more dissimilar ” is that Palin and LIZ LEMON are different .
Liz Lemon , of course , is not a real person .
As Gertz says , this is like comparing Barack Obama and Will Smith ( subject of many Obama biopic rumors ) based on the number of alien motherships they ’ve blown up .
You were born a Christian , not born gay .
Religion is not a choice .
Or so the spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH ) would have you believe .
Questioned about why the House ’s top Republican opposes a hate crimes bill penalizing violence against gays , his spokesman said he “ supports existing federal protections ( based on race , religion , gender , etc ) based on immutable characteristics , ” just not protections for things like being gay — which conservatives occasionally claim is a choice .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He does not support adding sexual orientation to the list of protected classes , ” Boehner spokesman Kevin Smith added .
The statement was made in an email to CBS News .
In other words , religion is a trait you ’re born with .
Gays and their supporters contest the assertion that being gay is a “ choice , ” asking why individuals would deliberately choose to be gay in a society that often treats them as second - class citizens .
Republicans who oppose hate crimes legislation say they do so because they think it is criminalizing “ thought . ”
“ All violent crimes should be prosecuted vigorously , no matter what the circumstance , ” Boehner said during debate on the issue .
“ The Democrats ’ ‘ thought crimes ’ legislation , however , places a higher value on some lives than others .
Republicans believe that all lives are created equal , and should be defended with equal vigilance . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
CBS also points out that Smith ’s claim that Boehner supports existing hate crimes laws for “ immutable ” characteristics such as gender is n’t accurate , because gender is n’t currently a protected class under federal law .
What does House Republican caucus leader Tom Price think of the bill ?
It ’s an “ absolute disgrace , ” Price said .
It 's common for boring female grownups to dress up as slutty nurses / schoolgirls / nuns or whatever on Halloween , but now pre-teens are mimicking their airhead elders , and there 's a whole range of sexually provocative costumes on sale for pre-pubescent girls .
The retail chain Party City is well - stocked with everything to make this Halloween a happy one for pedophiles , from a pirate costume for 8 - year - olds dubbed the " High Seas Hottie " to a " Devil Grrrl " costume that comes with a red miniskirt , fishnets , a tiny pitchfork , and the sales pitch : " This grrrl devil likes to get things heating up ! "
It gets creepier .
The store 's lace Goldilocks costume has packaging assuring young customers that the attire is " all grown up , and you can have your porridge and more . "
A Post reporter who started asking questions about the costumes was " booted " from a Party City outlet on East Fourth Street , but one outraged mom tells the tabloid , " If girls get used to dressing like this , they might want to become a whore after Halloween . "
Naturally , there are plenty more online , where the website Buy Costumes sells disturbing looks for kids such as Heidi and the Pink Maid , which promises that " cleaning house has never been so fun ! "
Ugh , it 's only a matter of time before we start seeing " Slutty Diaper " costumes out there , is n't it ?
The stories about a return to bubble - era lending standards are getting too depressing to bear .
There are the no-down payment loans backed by the USDA , the FHA mortgage worth more than 110 % of the value of the home , and now this : babies buying homes .
Georgia Congressman John Lewis is holding hearings :
“ We will hear today that taxpayers claiming the credit include those : who already owned a home , who had not yet bought a home , and who are children — some as young as four years old .
There are possibly hundreds of millions of dollars that have been paid to taxpayers who are not entitled to the credit .
We want to , and we need to , stop this fraud and abuse . ” [ Quote from Rep. John Lewis at the House Ways and Means Subcommittee today ]
Read more here .
In a new shift in tactics , Pak is plannning to push 60 " surrendered " Taliban into J&K to become part of th... Read More
NEW DELHI : In a new shift in tactics , Pakistan is planning to push as many as 60 " surrendered " Taliban into Jammu and Kashmir to become part of the " jihad " against India .
The ISI is said to have offered the extremists the option of either going to jail or crossing the Line of Control .
( Watch Video )
The " jail or jihad " option offered to the Taliban seems a useful diversion for ISI .
The Pakistan military establishment has had to fight the Taliban , once its close allies in Afghanistan , but is looking to turn the situation to its advantage .
Apprehensions in Indian security circles that the crackdown by the Pakistan army on Taliban ��� seen as a last resort after the jihadis turned their guns on the Pakistani state ��� could mean trouble in Kashmir are being proved correct .
Not only have infiltration attempts by regular jihadi outfits like Lashkar - e - Taiba gone up , the presence of Taliban poses a new threat .
Highly placed sources said BSF and the Army had been alerted about the developments after intelligence intercepted talk about infiltration bids in the next 15 to 20 days .
" Although the Taliban is yet to successfully infiltrate into India , the coming days will pose a challenge as their attempts to sneak in are expected before the onset of winter , " said a senior official .
The infiltration is closely controlled and monitored by the ISI and Pakistan army which is often involved in the crossings .
The issue cropped up as a major security concern during the two - day visit to Srinagar by a high - powered central team led by cabinet secretary K M Chandrashekhar and comprising home secretary G K Pillai , defence secretary Pradeep Kumar and other senior officials .
Top security and intelligence officials deliberated over the move by state actors in Pakistan to utilize the Taliban for their objectives in Kashmir .
Taking note of the assessment , officials are learnt to have unequivocally noted during the reviews in Srinagar that there was no change in Pakistan 's support to terror groups post 26 / 11 Mumbai terror attacks .
The Taliban , who recently fought against Pakistan army in Swat Valley and other areas along the Pak - Afghan border , were well trained and battle - hardened .
They could put their experience of fighting US troops to use in Kashmir .
Apart from the group of 60 , there are nearly 250 to 300 jihadis ��� armed with sophisticated weapons , Thuraya satellite phones and Indian mobile SIM cards ��� poised at launch pads along LoC .
This feeds into the view that violence could escalate in J&K in the winter months .
The meeting in Srinagar , attended by senior Army and paramilitary personnel , also took note of repeated use of Pakistani Air Force helicopters to evacuate injured infiltrators along the LoC and as many as 42 terror camps in PoK and Pakistan .
" Such incidents ( like use of choppers ) clearly show the involvement of Pakistani authorities in facilitating infiltration .
Though our forces are fully alert to thwart Pakistani designs , the next 15 - 20 days are quite crucial as this is the period when they will do everything to infiltrate as many terrorists as possible , " said a senior official .
That is when winter will begin to set in .
Google , being investigated by the FCC for whether its blocking of phone calls on Google Voice violates the law , has essentially told the agency that it should be let off the hook because it 's cut back on the calls it blocks .
That 's like saying you 're only a little bit pregnant .
First , a little bit of background .
AT&T has complained to the FCC that Google blocks calls to phone numbers via Google Voice in some rural communities , because Google does n't want to have to pay the access fees it would have to pay for putting those calls through .
AT&T says that because AT&T can't block phone calls in this way , Google should n't be allowed to , either .
Robert Quinn , AT&T 's senior vice president for federal regulatory affair , wrote to the FCC :
" Numerous press reports indicate that Google is systematically blocking telephone calls from consumers that use Google Voice to call telephone numbers in certain rural communities .
By blocking these calls , Google is able to reduce its access expenses .
Other providers , including those with which Google Voice competes , are banned from call blocking [ by the FCC ] . "
As a result of the complaint , the FCC began looking into Google 's practice .
Google admitted that it blocked certain calls for financial reasons , and because many of them go to sex chat lines :
" The reason we restrict calls to certain local phone carriers ' numbers is simple .
Not only do they charge exorbitant termination rates for calls , but they also partner with adult sex chat lines and ' free ' conference calling centers to drive high volumes of traffic .
This practice has been called ' access stimulation ' or ' traffic pumping ' ( clearly by someone with a sense of humor ) .
Google Voice is a free application and we want to keep it that way for all our users -- which we could not afford to do if we paid these ludicrously high charges . "
Since then , Google has made some changes to Google Voice , and the company claims it blocks very few phone numbers .
Yesterday , Richard Whitt , Washington Telecom and Media Counsel , had this to say on the Google Public Policy Blog yesterday :
" In our response today to the FCC 's inquiry about Google Voice , we announced that our engineers have developed a tailored solution for restricting calls to specific numbers engaged in what some have called high - cost ' traffic pumping ' schemes , like adult chat and ' free ' conference call lines . "
Later on , he adds :
" To prevent these schemes from exploiting the free nature of Google Voice -- making it harder for us to offer this new service to users -- we began restricting calls to certain telephone number prefixes .
But over the past few weeks , we 've been looking at ways to do this on a more granular level .
We told the FCC today that Google Voice now restricts calls to fewer than 100 specific phone numbers , all of which we have good reason to believe are engaged in traffic pumping schemes . "
In other words , because Google Voice is blocking less than 100 phone numbers , Google is doing the right thing .
The issue here , though , is not the total number of lines being blocked , it 's whether any phone lines can be blocked at all .
Google has been a big proponent of net neutrality , and yet it's now arguing that it can do the very thing that opponents of net neutrality want to do .
It 's hypocrisy , pure and simple .
A network is a network , regardless of the underlying technology .
In addition , increasingly the phone network and Internet are merging so that there 's less and less differentiation between the two every day .
As I 've written in " Google + AT&T = Hypocrisy times two , " AT&T is as guilty of hypocrisy as Google .
AT&T has been the most vocal opponent of network neutrality , so they should be arguing that Google should be allowed to block calls .
Here 's hoping that the FCC rules against Google , and that net neutrality becomes the law of the land , whether the network in question is the Internet or voice .
This story , " Google : We 're Only Slightly Guilty of Blocking Calls " was originally published by Computerworld .
Since we are moving toward socialism with ObamaCare , the time has come to do the same with other professions — especially lawyers .
Physician committees can decide whether lawyers are necessary in any given situation .
At a town - hall meeting in Portsmouth , N.H. , last month , our uninformed lawyer in chief suggested that we physicians would rather chop off a foot than manage diabetes since we would make more money doing surgery .
Then President Obama compounded his attack by claiming a doctor 's reimbursement is between " $ 30,000 " ...
The Cocoon Cooker is n't just some fancy steamer or something like that .
No , it 's a machine that actually grows meat and fish from heated animal cells .
A - whaaa ?
Advertisement
It 's a mere design concept , sadly , as we do n't have the science of growing animal proteins quite figured out yet .
But Electrolux is serious about making it a reality , giving the designer at $ 7,347 prize and a six month paid internship at their design center .
Will this someday result in Cocoon - grown steaks ?
One can only hope .
[ Daily Mail via Fast Company ]
Join two of the original craft - brewing pioneers for an intimate one - night - only celebration of beer and food at the historic Anchor Brewery in San Francisco .
Anchor Brewing ’s Fritz Maytag , and Sierra Nevada ’s Ken Grossman will be celebrating the release of their collaboration beer , Fritz and Ken ’s Ale , in honor of Sierra Nevada ’s 30th anniversary .
Come and join us for a 5 - course dinner paired with unique rare and vintage beers , seated amongst the kettles in the legendary Anchor brewhouse .
Reception begins at 6 PM on April 1st , 2010 at
Anchor Brewing Company
1705 Mariposa Street
San Francisco , CA 94107
Only 60 tickets are available to the general public .
Your ticket includes a 5 - course beer and food pairing special menu and souvenir glassware .
Tickets are available online exclusively via the ticketing link on this page .
$ 100 ( all inclusive ) + fee
___________________________________________________________________
The money would go towards buying new library books
A former student at an Arizona school has returned two library books , 50 years late , and with a $ 1,000 ( £ 600 ) cheque to cover overdue fees .
Librarian Georgette Bordine at Camelback High School in Phoenix said the books were checked out in 1959 .
The person , who wanted to remain anonymous , calculated the fee as 4c a day , with some extra in case the rates had changed , media reports said .
Apparently the books were inadvertently packed when the student moved state .
Ms Bordine said the money would be used to buy more books , with the overdue ones - about conservation - returned to the shelves .
The Pope 's chief astronomer has conceded other intelligent beings could exist in outer space .
The conclusion has been drawn by scientific experts called in by the Vatican to study the possibility of extraterrestrial life and its implications for the Church .
It has been four centuries since the Catholic Church locked up Galileo for challenging the belief that the Earth was at the centre of the universe .
The Vatican 's five - day conference attracted 30 astronomers , physicists and biologists , including non-Catholics .
It was led by Jesuit priest Father Jose Gabriel Funes , an astronomer and director of the Vatican Observatory .
Father Funes says the possibility of alien life raises " many philosophical and theological implications " but that the gathering was mainly focused on the scientific perspective .
One of the organisers was Chris Impey , a professor of astronomy at the University of Arizona .
He says the aim was to assess the most recent research in the burgeoning field of astrobiology - the study of life in the universe .
" And also getting a sense of when you know the vital breakthrough is going to be made , which is the discovery of life elsewhere , " he said .
" Because even though we 're looking hard we still only know one planet anywhere with life and that 's this one . "
Breakthrough coming soon
He says that major breakthrough may be just around the corner .
" If you were going to take a set of bets of the 30 scientists gathered for that meeting , I think most of them would have said on about a time scale of 10 years maybe , " he said .
That 's a guess from the scientists involved and it could come from either of two directions - it could come from a planetary mission within the solar system that looks at one of the most hospitable places for life nearby which is probably Titan , Europa or Mars .
" Or it could come from telescopic observations of planets that we 're finding in increasing numbers around distant stars . "
But before one starts looking at the concept through Hollywood eyes , professor Impey has another observation .
" I think there 's a big distinction between the finding of microbial life , bacteria or something like that which is actually the most likely form of life to discover initially , and intelligent life - sentient beings with technology , and that 's a different strategy , " he said .
" So I think on the former , on microbial life it's not likely to challenge the world 's major religions - but if we find creatures that rival us or exceed us in intelligence , then I think that 's going to be very interesting . "
Church 's positive response
But perhaps not too interesting , according to Dr Paul Collins , a former priest and now Church historian and Catholic commentator .
He says a belief in extraterrestrial life does not necessarily contradict any basic tenets of the Catholic religion .
" I would think that our response would be a positive one , " he said .
" I 'm not infallible on this of course , but the reality is that I do n't think it does contradict anything within Catholicism .
" Essentially what the Christian faith generally is saying and certainly Catholicism specifically is saying is that God is the ultimate source of life , the ultimate source of reality . "
The views of the Catholic Church have shifted radically since the Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno was burned at the stake as a heretic in 1600 for speculating other worlds could be inhabited .
The Vatican Observatory has been at the forefront of efforts to bridge the gap between religion and science and today senior clergy openly endorse scientific ideas such as the big bang theory and evolution .
And Dr Collins sees no problem with where aliens might fit in with the belief that man was created in God 's image .
" Every creature reflects the goodness and the creativity of God .
Humankind , we certainly would argue that we represent that most fully and most completely , " he said .
" But all of creation represents God 's creativity .
So any extraterrestrial being would certainly represent that creativity as well and may be or may not be more developed than we are . "
Aktuelles
Neuausrichtung des Deutscher Mietkautionsbund e.V. – Wir bieten
Ihnen nun interessanten Informationen , einen unabhängigen Vergleich der am Markt zugänglichen Angebote für Mietkautionsbürgschaften und einen Bonitätscheck an !
Mehr dazu können Sie in unserer Pressemeldung nachlesen !
Caspar Hare , associate professor in the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy .
Image : Patrick Gillooly
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Caspar
Hare would like you to try a thought experiment .
Consider that 100,000 people around the world tomorrow will suffer epileptic seizures .
" That probably does n't trouble you tremendously , " says Hare , an associate professor in MIT 's Department of Linguistics and Philosophy .
Now imagine that one those 100,000 people will be you .
" In that case you probably would be troubled , " observes Hare , speaking in his office .
If this is your reaction , he says , " You regard you own pleasures and pains as being especially significant . "
Which seems natural , Hare adds .
" We have a tendency to think that what we care about is important in and of itself . "
Yet this tendency creates an apparent inconsistency .
You cannot claim your own well - being is uniquely meaningful , more important than the well - being of others , and expect anyone else to regard that notion as an objective fact , something that could be part of a universally acceptable morality .
How should we reconcile these differing perspectives ?
In recent decades , many philosophers have dismissed our self - interest as a kind of illusion .
Indeed , a major current of contemporary thinking has questioned whether a stable " self " exists at all .
" We are not what we believe , " the British philosopher Derek Parfit has written .
Rather , this view holds , we are nothing more than ever - shifting collections of mental and physiological states , lacking a definite , lasting identity .
The joy of solipsism
Hare has leaped into this philosophical fray with a distinctly different view , which he outlines in his new book , " On Myself , and Other , Less Important Subjects , " published this fall by Princeton University Press .
The fact that we care so much about ourselves , Hare thinks , tells us something deep about the world :
It is correct after all , he believes , to regard our pleasures and pains as uniquely important among all pleasures and pains in the universe .
So if we think our self - interest is singularly significant , we are not being fooled .
Instead , the fact that we know ourselves best reinforces our sense of individuality over time ; we do have stable identities , and our minds are more than a shifting kaleidoscope of impressions .
Our ability to make moral judgments flows from this fact .
On the other hand , Hare asserts , our minds are independent enough from the rest of the world that , when other people state their pleasures and pains are present , we should not regard their statements as true .
Instead ,
Hare writes , we should regard those claims as " false , but rightly so . "
In so arguing , Hare is reviving the philosophical concept of solipsism — the notion that one 's own self has a special status in the world .
More specifically , Hare claims in his book that we exist in a mildly solipsistic state he calls " egocentric presentism . "
To make sound moral judgments despite this condition , Hare asserts , just takes an act of imagination .
Thus Hare states that of course he would rather that he suffer a hangnail than that someone else 's leg be crushed , even knowing the other person 's pain would not be present .
" For an egocentric presentist , " writes Hare , " empathizing with an unfortunate [ person ] involves imagining that the unfortunate has present experiences . "
Other philosophers note that Hare 's ideas appear counterintuitive .
" The argument seems controversial on the surface because it goes against common sense , " says Berit Brogaard , an associate professor of philosophy at the Australian National University and the University of Missouri , St. Louis .
" There is something eyebrow - raising about it , " says Benj Hellie , an associate professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto .
Hare , however , does not think his own theory is radical .
" One way to be a solipsist is to insist that other people do n't have inner lives , " explains Hare .
" Another is that there are no other people .
But I 'm not saying either of these things .
I 'm not denying that other people exist , are fully conscious , and have brains and minds like my own . "
Is universal morality possible ?
For this reason , asserts
Hare , solipsism need not lead us down a slippery slope into a world where , say , violence toward others could be tolerated .
" Even if we give special significance to our own pleasures and pains , " says Hare , " we do n't go about ruthlessly trying to maximize our own pleasure and others ' pain . "
He calls that " a crude caricature of human psychology , " popularized by the 17th - century English philosopher Thomas Hobbes .
We may be self - centered , Hare argues , but not solely moved by self - interest : " It 's certainly possible to think your self - interest is important without thinking it 's the most important thing in the world . "
Still , Brogaard , for one , thinks Hare 's ideas " are even more extreme " than Hare believes they are .
By accepting that we are solipsistic , she believes , we may sacrifice the idea that there is an objective universal morality .
If so , the modestly solipsistic state Hare describes — in which we are still social and moral creatures — represents a trade - off .
We may lose our ability to define an objective moral system .
But we do have stable selves that can craft moral judgments .
" My book is putting perspectival questions back into the ontology , into our picture of the way the world is , " says Hare .
That still leaves the task of squaring our recurring self - interest with the common good , day after day .
But that is at least a task for which we can each take responsibility , as distinct selves .
" Caspar is pointing to a problem we have to come to terms with , " says Hellie .
Provided by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( news : web )
Explore further Man 's best friend lends insight into human evolution
Many times we need to show pie charts or graphs related to some relevant data on our blog or websites .
Here I will show you 5 ways to get a pie chart or graphs ( 2D , 3D ) etc in minutes and then embed them on your blog in no time .
First of all I will start with Google Docs ( my personal favorite ) thru which you can do lot many things including Pie Chart and graph creation and then embed them ,
Google Docs
We all know that spreadsheets can be easily created on Google Docs .
So one can insert charts and graphs on Spreadsheet as well , which can be easily embedded into a blog or website .
To get the code to embed the chart of graph , Click on Publish option available on the chart to get the code .
Now paste the code within your blog post or template to show the chart created on Google Docs .
Here is a sample chart created on my Google Docs amount .
Also Read : Resources on Financial usage of Excel like Home Loan or Insurance …
Pie Color
Pie Color is an online application to create pie charts in seconds .
You just need to enter the label name , values and then you can get the pie chart based on those values .
The output will be an image which can be saved on your server and then you can show that image on your website or blog .
Kids Zone
Kids
Zone is having lot many things for Kids .
But it is also having a graph maker thru which one can easily create Bar , Pie Chart etc and then embed the image on website .
Process is similar to Pie Color .
Chart Maker
Chart Maker is another web application to create charts .
Provide the label name , values and then get the chart within seconds .
WordPress Plugin – Google Chart Generator
WordPress users can easily embed charts , bar , graphs on their blog using Google Chart Generator plugin .
Install this plugin and then stat creating charts from the settings page by providing the values and labels over there .
There are lot many other web application and Plugins to create charts online .
For example , you may go for the “ Easy Chart Builder ” plugin for wordpress or you may go for free chart maker scripts available on Internet .
Please let us know if you have any other list of Chart / Graph builders applications .
Other Online Applications to create charts online are : ChartGizmo , Charts , and ChartAll .
Also Read : 10 Reasons why you should have your own Google account
George Bush never watched the news and Donald Rumsfeld wanted to edit his own Wikipedia page , says former speechwriter
The White House under George Bush was more like ' The Office ' than ' West Wing ' , according to a top speechwriter for the former president .
Some of the things said by Mr Bush and his cohorts would make even David Brent blush .
In his candid book about the final days of the Bush presidency , speechwriter Matt Latimer reveals what his old boss really thought about Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin .
Back in the spotlight : George Bush with his wife Laura listening to singer Jordin Sparks ( right ) along with former NFL football greats and schoolchildren at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas , yesterday .
The Superbowl will be played there in February
Mr Bush laughs with Dallas Cowboys linebacker DeMarcus Ware ( 94 ) before the former president made the coin toss at the Cowboys ' NFL football game against the New York Giants in Texas on Sunday night
And he claims
Mr Bush had little grasp on America 's financial meltdown even as he prepared to go on television last autumn to explain how his administration was launching a multi-billion pound bail out .
' We 're buying low and selling high , ' Mr Bush kept repeating until aides explained that was not how the plan worked .
' Why did I sign on to this proposal if I do n't understand what it does ? ' the president reportedly snapped .
Mr Latimer , who worked at the White House for the final 22 months of the Bush presidency , offers an eye - opening insight into the private thoughts of the then most powerful man on the planet
The book , ' Speech Less : Tales of a White House Survivor ' , explains perhaps why Bush was n't swayed by public opinion or the bashing he took in the media .
George Bush phoning Barack Obama to congratulate him after he won the election - a new book alleges he once said ' this guy has no clue , I promise you '
' Wiki - wakka ' : Bush and Donald Rumsfeld in the Oval Office - Rumsfeld apparently had to be talked out of editing his Wikipedia entry which he called Wiki - wakka
' I have n't watched the nightly news one night since I 've been president , ' he said .
He was also dismissive of candidates in the last presidential election as well as at least one of his predecessors in the Oval Office .
On ex-President Jimmy Carter , Mr Bush said : ' If I 'm ever eighty - two - years - old and acting like that have someone put me away . '
He thought Hillary Clinton would run away with the Democrat nomination , telling staff : ' Wait till her fat keister is sitting at this desk . '
It is claimed Bush said Barack Obama ' is n't remotely qualified to handle ' this ' dangerous world '
The author said Mr Bush did n't think much of Barack Obama .
“ This is a dangerous world and this cat is n't remotely qualified to handle it .
This guy has no clue , I promise you .
' You think I was n't qualified ?
I was qualified , ' he added .
He was similarly unimpressed with Vice President Joe Biden , saying : ' If bull **** was currency , Joe Biden would be a billionaire . '
The writer said Mr Bush was uneasy about Republican choice John McCain and critical of Sarah Palin as his number two .
' What is she , the governor of Guam ? ' he joked .
But he went on more seriously : ' This woman is being put into a position she is not even remotely prepared for .
She has n't spent one day on the national level .
' Neither has her family . '
Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld apparently had to be talked out of editing his own entry on Wikipedia , the Internet encyclopedia he referred to as ' Wika - wakka . '
He also used to watch YouTube clips that made fun of his press conferences , says Mr Latimer .
The president 's wife , Laura Bush , ' was secretly a Democrat for all intents and purposes , though it really was n't that much of a secret , ' claims the book .
And her husband lost patience with his own Republican colleagues at times .
When told that a senator from his own party had been caught up in a gay sex scandal , Mr Bush reportedly said : ' What is up with all these Republicans ? '
And , although his 2004 election win was fuelled by support from evangelical Christians conservative voters adamantly opposed to gay marriage , Mr Bush is said to have baulked when one of his writers wanted to insert a phrase condemning same - sex weddings into a speech he was giving last spring .
' I 'm not going to tell some gay kid in the audience that he can't get married , ' he said .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) --
Utah may have made recent strides to streamline its quirky liquor laws , but one booze - related oddity likely is n't going anywhere anytime soon .
The state liquor board is controlled by teetotalers and it appears it will stay that way .
Gov. Gary Herbert made his nominations for two spots on the five - member panel this week without asking if the candidates had ever had a sip of alcohol .
In addition , neither nominee has ever worked in a bar or a restaurant .
" He looked for qualities such as potential appointees ' experience and ability to contribute positively to the commission and the state , " said Angie Welling , a spokeswoman for Herbert .
One nominee , anesthesiologist Richard Sperry , said he did not drink .
Businessman Jeff Wright declined to comment .
Only one of the three current board members drinks .
Control of the liquor board by those who do n't use the products they regulate has long frustrated bar and restaurant owners in this heavily conservative state .
" I 've always said it 's like hiring a lifeguard that does n't know how to swim , " said Dave Morris , owner of the Irish pub Piper Down and a leader in the bar industry 's Utah Hospitality Association .
" You do n't know what it 's like to work in the industry , you do n't know what we have to deal with , " he said .
" Then somebody puts you in charge of it ?
It definitely does n't make much sense . "
Sperry said he was n't sure how his name came up as a nominee .
He said Herbert did n't interview him , although someone on his staff did .
" It 's true that when it comes to kind of the alcohol distribution business and consumption of alcohol , I 'm probably not as knowledgeable as I ought to be and so one of my personal goals is to come up to speed and understand the business and the things that I perhaps do n't understand now , " Sperry said .
He said he believes in as little government interference as possible , but he 's concerned about issues such as driving under the influence , underage consumption and overconsumption .
Wright is a founder and member of the board of directors of Struck / Axiom Creative Inc. , which holds a state contract to promote tourism .
He said he met with Herbert , and their discussion focused on economic development .
Wright declined to provide details .
" I think that the governor certainly wanted a balance and a business perspective and certainly someone who knew something about economic development and travel and tourism , " he said .
" We saw eye - to - eye on those issues . "
Utah 's liquor laws have long befuddled travelers and newcomers to the state .
Only since July has it been legal for someone to walk into a bar without first filling out an application and paying a fee to become a member of what was technically a private club .
The old law was scrapped in an effort to boost the state 's $ 7 billion a year tourism industry and make the state more attractive to possible newcomers who found the state odd .
Oddities remain , however .
Bars must scan the IDs of anyone who appears younger than 35 and keep a record of who walked through their doors for a week so law enforcement can inspect it .
Bartenders must be hidden from view in newly built restaurants , an effort that Utah lawmakers say is necessary to keep children from wanting to drink alcohol .
Utah also bans the sale of regular strength draft beer and flavored malt beverages in grocery and convenience stores .
It 's also illegal to make a cocktail a double .
Herbert has said he likely wo n't consider changing Utah 's liquor laws for several years .
He faces a special election next year to remain in office .
------
( Copyright 2009 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
×
Related Links
Over the past couple of years , auto - complete has popped up all over the web .
Facebook , YouTube , Google , Bing , MSDN , LinkedIn and lots of other websites all try to complete your phrase as soon as you start typing .
Auto - complete definitely makes for a nice user experience , but it can be a challenge to implement efficiently .
In many cases , an efficient implementation requires the use of interesting algorithms and data structures .
In this blog post , I will describe one simple data structure that can be used to implement auto - complete : a ternary search tree .
Trie : simple but space - inefficient
Before discussing ternary search trees , let ’s take a look at a simple data structure that supports a fast auto - complete lookup but needs too much memory : a trie .
A trie is a tree - like data structure in which each node contains an array of pointers , one pointer for each character in the alphabet .
Starting at the root node , we can trace a word by following pointers corresponding to the letters in the target word .
Each node could be implemented like this in C# :
class TrieNode { public const int ALPHABET_SIZE = 26 ; public TrieNode [ ] m_pointers = new TrieNode [ ALPHABET_SIZE ] ; public bool m_endsString = false ; }
Here is a trie that stores words AB , ABBA , ABCD , and BCD .
Nodes that terminate words are marked yellow :
Implementing auto complete using a trie is easy .
We simply trace pointers to get to a node that represents the string the user entered .
By exploring the trie from that node down , we can enumerate all strings that complete user ’s input .
But , a trie has a major problem that you can see in the diagram above .
The diagram only fits on the page because the trie only supports four letters { A , B , C , D} .
If we needed to support all 26 English letters , each node would have to store 26 pointers .
And , if we need to support international characters , punctuation , or distinguish between lowercase and uppercase characters , the memory usage grows becomes untenable .
Our problem has to do with the memory taken up by all the null pointers stored in the node arrays .
We could consider using a different data structure in each node , such as a hash map .
However , managing thousands and thousands of hash maps is generally not a good idea , so let ’s take a look at a better solution .
Ternary search tree to the rescue
A ternary tree is a data structure that solves the memory problem of tries in a more clever way .
To avoid the memory occupied by unnecessary pointers , each trie node is represented as a tree - within - a - tree rather than as an array .
Each non-null pointer in the trie node gets its own node in a ternary search tree .
For example , the trie from the example above would be represented in the following way as a ternary search tree :
The ternary search tree contains three types of arrows .
First , there are arrows that correspond to arrows in the corresponding trie , shown as dashed down - arrows .
Traversing a down - arrow corresponds to “ matching ” the character from which the arrow starts .
The left - and right - arrow are traversed when the current character does not match the desired character at the current position .
We take the left - arrow if the character we are looking for is alphabetically before the character in the current node , and the right - arrow in the opposite case .
For example , green arrows show how we ’d confirm that the ternary tree contains string ABBA :
And this is how we ’d find that the ternary string does not contain string ABD :
Ternary search tree on a server
On the web , a significant chunk of the auto - complete work has to be done by the server .
Often , the set of possible completions is large , so it is usually not a good idea to download all of it to the client .
Instead , the ternary tree is stored on the server , and the client will send prefix queries to the server .
The client will send a query for words starting with “ bin ” to the server :
And the server responds with a list of possible words :
Implementation
Here is a simple ternary search tree implementation in C# :
public class TernaryTree { private Node m_root = null ; private void Add ( string s , int pos , ref Node node ) { if ( node == null ) { node = new Node ( s[ pos ] , false ) ; } if ( s[pos ] < node.m_char ) { Add(s , pos , ref node.m_left ) ; } else if ( s[pos ] > node.m_char ) { Add(s , pos , ref node . m_right ) ; } else { if ( pos + 1 == s. Length ) { node .
m_wordEnd = true ; } else { Add(s , pos + 1 , ref node.m_center ) ; } } } public void Add ( string s ) { if ( s == null || s == " " ) throw new ArgumentException ( ) ; Add(s , 0 , ref m_root ) ; } public bool Contains ( string s ) { if ( s == null || s == " " ) throw new ArgumentException ( ) ; int pos = 0 ; Node node = m_root ; while ( node != null ) { int cmp = s[pos ] - node.m_char ; if ( s[pos ] < node.m_char ) { node = node.
m_left ; } else if ( s[pos ] > node.m_char ) { node = node .
m_right ; } else { if ( ++ pos == s.Length ) return node.m_wordEnd ; node = node .
m_center ; } } return false ; } }
And here is the Node class :
class Node { internal char m_char ; internal Node m_left , m_center , m_right ; internal bool m_wordEnd ; public Node ( char ch , bool wordEnd ) { m_char = ch ; m_wordEnd = wordEnd ; } }
Remarks
For best performance , strings should be inserted into the ternary tree in a random order .
In particular , do not insert strings in the alphabetical order .
Each mini - tree that corresponds to a single trie node would degenerate into a linked list , significantly increasing the cost of lookups .
Of course , more complex self - balancing ternary trees can be implemented as well .
And , do n’t use a fancier data structure than you have to .
If you only have a relatively small set of candidate words ( say on the order of hundreds ) a brute - force search should be fast enough .
Further reading
Another article on tries is available on DDJ ( careful , their implementation assumes that no word is a prefix of another ) :
http://www.ddj.com/windows/184410528
If you like this article , also check out these posts on my blog :
Tags : Algorithms
Camera Hacker : Document Moved
The document that you are looking for have moved .
This web page will transfer you to the correct location automatically .
If it does not , because browser 's auto - redirect feature is disabled or other reasons , then please click here to proceed .
