The Minister for Justice has said the Garda Representative Association should apologise to the people of Ireland for trying to politicise the force .
Dermot
Ahern said there was cross-party agreement bar one that the GRA had crossed the line when they said the Government , Fianna Fáil and himself had been corrupted by years in power .
Mr Ahern was speaking at a graduation ceremony at the Garda College in Templemore , Co Tipperary .
He also said that as long as he was the Minister for Justice , the GRA would never become a trade union .
The Garda Commissioner said that he had called in GRA General Secretary PJ Stone and new GRA President Damien McCarthy to explain their actions .
Fachtna Murphy said he would discuss the issue with them at Garda headquarters tomorrow morning .
The Minister also announced a new garda recruitment campaign would begin at the end of the year .
He said he had intended to announce this at the GRA conference before he withdrew .
Data revealed by Jane's , a Defence Agency , based in London .
Since 2005 , Israel also has long - range missiles ( 7800 km ) .
In 1986 Mordechai Vanunu revealed Tel Aviv ’s nuclear program and was imprisoned .
His freedom is still limited .
Tel Aviv ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) -
The State of Israel is reported to have " 100 to 300 ' nuclear warheads and has a power similar to that of Britain .
Tel Aviv was the sixth nation to acquire nuclear weapons already in the 50s .
This according to experts of Jane 's Defense Weekly , which deals with military information .
Israel ’s nuclear arm - power always been surrounded by the greatest secrecy .
Yesterday Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancelled his trip to Washington for fear of having to answer questions related to nuclear weapons possessed by Israel and because his state is one of the few that has not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Analysts at Jane 's believe that Tel Aviv has between 100 and 300 nuclear warheads , with a capacity that is more or less similar to that of Britain .
Israel is the only nuclear power in the Middle East .
Its nuclear program has gradually developed with the help of France , and it is centred at the Dimona reactor in southern Negev .
In 1986 a technician from the Dimona plant , Mordechai Vanunu , revealed details to the world about his country 's nuclear program .
Because of this he was arrested for 18 years and still suffers limitations on his freedom .
According to the International Institute of Strategic Studies , based in London , Israel 's strategic strength is based on short - range ground missiles Jericho 1 , and intermediate range Jericho 2 missiles .
According to Jane's , the scope of Jericho 1 has increased from 1500 K at 4500 km .
Since 2005 , Israel also has the Jericho 3 long - range missile ( 7800 km ) .
OPENING a new training centre in forensic science ( pictured above ) at the University of Glamorgan in South Wales recently , Bernard Knight , formerly one of Britain 's chief pathologists , said that because of television crime dramas , jurors today expect more categorical proof than forensic science is capable of delivering .
And when it comes to the gulf between reality and fiction , Dr Knight knows what he is talking about : besides 43 years ' experience of attending crime scenes , he has also written dozens of crime novels .
The upshot of this is that a new phrase has entered the criminological lexicon : the “ CSI effect ” after shows such as “ CSI : Crime Scene Investigation ” .
In 2008 Monica Robbers , an American criminologist , defined it as “ the phenomenon in which jurors hold unrealistic expectations of forensic evidence and investigation techniques , and have an increased interest in the discipline of forensic science . ”
Now another American researcher has demonstrated that the “ CSI effect ” is indeed real .
Evan Durnal of the University of Central Missouri's Criminal Justice Department has collected evidence from a number of studies to show that exposure to television drama series that focus on forensic science has altered the American legal system in complex and far - reaching ways .
His conclusions have just been published in Forensic Science International .
The most obvious symptom of the CSI effect is that jurors think they have a thorough understanding of science they have seen presented on television , when they do not .
Mr Durnal cites one case of jurors in a murder trial who , having noticed that a bloody coat introduced as evidence had not been tested for DNA , brought this fact to the judge 's attention .
Since the defendant had admitted being present at the murder scene , such tests would have thrown no light on the identity of the true culprit .
The judge observed that , thanks to television , jurors knew what DNA tests could do , but not when it was appropriate to use them .
Cops and robbers
The task of keeping jurors ' feet on the ground falls to lawyers and judges .
In one study , carried out by Dr Robbers in 2008 , 62 % of defence lawyers and 69 % of judges agreed that jurors had unrealistic expectations of forensic evidence .
Around half of respondents in each category also felt that jury selection was taking longer than it used to , because they had to be sure that prospective jurors were not judging scientific evidence by television standards .
According to Mr Durnal , prosecutors in the United States are now spending much more time explaining to juries why certain kinds of evidence are not relevant .
Prosecutors have even introduced a new kind of witness — a “ negative evidence ” witness — to explain that investigators often fail to find evidence at a crime scene .
Defence lawyers , too , are finding that their lives have become more complicated .
On the positive side , they can benefit from jurors ' misguided notion that science solves crimes , and hence that the absence of crime - solving scientific evidence constitutes a reasonable doubt and grounds for acquittal .
On the other hand they also find themselves at pains to explain that one of television 's fictional devices — an unequivocal match between a trace of a substance found at a crime scene and an exemplar stored in a database , whether it be fingerprints , DNA or some other kind of evidence — is indeed generally just fiction .
In reality , scientists do not deal in certainty but in probabilities , and the way they calculate these probabilities is complex .
For example , when testifying in court , a fingerprint expert may say that there is a 90 % chance of obtaining a match if the defendant left the mark , and a one in several billion chance of a match if someone else left it .
In general DNA provides information of a higher quality or “ individualising potential ” than other kinds of evidence , so that experts may be more confident of linking it to a specific individual .
But DNA experts still deal in probabilities and not certainties .
As a result of all this reality checking , trials are getting longer and more cases that might previously have resulted in quick convictions are now ending in acquittals .
Criminals watch television too , and there is evidence they are also changing their behaviour .
Most of the techniques used in crime shows are , after all , at least grounded in truth .
Bleach , which destroys DNA , is now more likely to be used by murderers to cover their tracks .
The wearing of gloves is more common , as is the taping shut — rather than the DNA - laden licking — of envelopes .
Investigators comb crime scenes ever more finely for new kinds of evidence , which is creating problems with the tracking and storage of evidence , so that even as the criminals leave fewer traces of themselves behind , a backlog of cold - case evidence is building up .
The CSI effect can also be positive , however .
In one case in Virginia jurors asked the judge if a cigarette butt had been tested for possible DNA matches to the defendant in a murder trial .
It had , but the defence lawyers had failed to introduce the DNA test results as evidence .
When they did , those results exonerated the defendant , who was acquitted .
Mr Durnal does not blame the makers of the television shows for the phenomenon , because they have never claimed their shows are completely accurate .
( Forensic scientists do not usually wield guns or arrest people , for one thing , and tests that take minutes on television may take weeks to process in real life . )
He argues that the CSI effect is born of a longing to believe that desirable , clever and morally unimpeachable individuals are fighting to clear the names of the innocent and put the bad guys behind bars .
In that respect , unfortunately , life does not always imitate art .
" It also does not sound like a bear - it has a voice more like a cat and it is calling all the time - perhaps it is looking for the rest of its kind or maybe it's the last one ?
Electronic devices that mimic how brain cells in a cat work could allow computers to one day learn and recognize information more like humans do .
Such brain - like devices might accomplish more complex decisions and perform more tasks simultaneously than conventional computers are capable of , researchers added .
" We are building a computer in the same way that nature builds a brain , " said researcher Wei Lu , a computer engineer at the University of Michigan .
Microchips typically rely on transistors , which are essentially switches that can flick on or off to represent data as the binary digits or bits 0 and 1 .
The devices that investigators at the University of Michigan are developing instead employ " memristors . "
These circuit elements , unlike others , carry memories of their past :
When you turn off voltage to the device , memristors remember how much was applied beforehand and for how long .
The very nature of memristors makes them act very much like synapses , which connect brain cells , or neurons , together .
Synapses serve as reconfigurable switches that can form pathways linking thousands of neurons , and like memristors , they remember these pathways based on the strength and timing of electrical signals they receive from the neurons .
One of the world 's most sophisticated supercomputers — Dawn , at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory — can simulate 1 billion neurons and 10 trillion synapses , exceeding the scale of a cat brain .
Still , it is a massive machine with more than 140,000 central processing units that needs a million watts of electricity and it still performs 100 to 1,000 times slower than a cat 's brain .
In a conventional computer , the elements for logic and memory are located in different parts of the circuit and each element is only connected to a handful of neighbors in the circuit .
As a result , conventional computers work in a linear fashion , line by line , making them excellent at performing relatively simple tasks with limited variables .
Multitasking
A brain , on the other hand can perform many operations simultaneously , or in parallel .
This enables us to recognize a face in an instant , but even a supercomputer would take far longer and consume much more energy in trying .
Now Lu has used memristors to link conventional circuits together to mimic the brain .
" The idea is to use a completely different paradigm compared to conventional computers , " he explained .
The system Lu and his colleagues devised , which connects two electronic circuits with one memristor — mimicking two neurons and a synapse — is capable of a memory and learning process with the esoteric name of " spike timing dependent plasticity . "
This refers to the ability of connections between neurons to become stronger when they are stimulated in relation to each other , and is thought to be the basis for memory and learning in mammalian brains .
Specifically , the researchers showed they could vary the duration and sequence of voltage they applied to their system to gradually increase or decrease the level of its electrical conductivity .
" In our brains , similar changes in synapse conductance essentially give rise to long term memory , " Lu said .
The scientists are aiming toward an electric brain as smart as a cat — for instance , one that can figure out the shortest route from the front door to the sofa in a house full of furniture time after time , even if one moved the sofa each time .
" I can imagine the Department of Defense may be interested in putting such intelligent computers on weapons or unmanned vehicles such as drones so that they can make decisions directly without having to transmitting images back to controllers and waiting for commands , " Lu said .
The next step is to build a larger system with hundreds of artificial neurons and memristor synapses , Lu said .
The ultimate goal would be achieving the sophistication of a supercomputer in a machine the size of a two - liter bottle of soda .
" It is now possible to build a brain - like computer using electronic components — namely , transistors and memristors , " Lu told TechNewsDaily .
Not just supercomputers will benefit
Aside from developing computers that behave more like brains , memristors could also help conventional computers continue to keep pace with Moore 's Law , which states that computing power should double every two years on average .
In research appearing in April 8 issue of the journal Nature , researchers at Hewlett - Packard Laboratories showed that memristors could perform computations , meaning that logic functions could take place in chips where data is stored , instead of being separated away on a specialized central processing unit , as is the current practice .
In other words , future increases in computing power might not come from an increase in raw processor speed , but " from the increase in computing efficiency instead , " Lu said .
Lu and his colleagues will detail their findings in the April issue of the journal Nano Letters .
A British law firm , which only recently entered the file - sharing settlement letters business , has withdrawn due to masses of bad publicity .
Tilly Bailey & Irvine , who tried to rewrite history on its Wikipedia page to remove its connection to this work , say that they fear the rest of their business could be damaged .
Following the likes of Davenport Lyons and more recently ACS : Law , lawyers Tilly Bailey & Irvine ( TBI ) made their first steps into the file - sharing settlements market this year .
Since TBI has been around for some 170 years , appeared to be a traditional law firm with previously good reputation , but was now publicly representing porn-industry clients in a controversial practice , Torrent Freak earlier asked the company the following question :
“ Taking into consideration that when operating almost identical schemes both ACS : Law and Davenport Lyons became the subject of SRA investigations , coupled with the Lords labeling this type of scheme “ legal blackmail “ , are Tilly Bailey & Irvine concerned about tarnishing their hard - earned reputation ? ”
TBI declined to answer this and the rest of our questions but were quickly labeled by the UK Lords discussing the Digital Economy Bill as “ new entrants to the hall of infamy ” and their activities labeled “ an embarrassment to the rest of the creative rights industry ” .
The pressure continued to build when settlement letter recipients wrote complaints to the Solicitors Regulation Authority ( SRA ) so it did n’t really come as a surprise when we discovered TBI had been trying to re-write history by modifying their Wikipedia page recently .
At the time we wondered if this meant the company had abandoned its action against file - sharers .
That question has now been answered by UK consumer group Which ?
In a letter sent to the SRA on April 1 , TBI wrote : “ We have been surprised and disappointed at the amount of adverse publicity that our firm has attracted in relation to this work and the extra time and resources that have been required to deal solely with this issue .
We are concerned that the adverse publicity could affect other areas of our practice and therefore following discussions with our clients , we have reluctantly agreed that we will cease sending out further letters of claim . ”
Deborah Prince , head of in - house legal at Which ?
said that she is really pleased that TBI has seen sense and left this arena .
“ Hopefully , other law firms thinking of going down a similar route will begin to realise that although this work can generate vast financial rewards for law firms and their clients , it can also bring a lot of adverse publicity simply because the practice is inherently unfair and unethical . ”
Consumer group BeingThreatened.com , who have worked relentlessly to assist those sent letters by TBI , ACS : Law and Davenport Lyons , also welcome the news , but want TBI to go further .
“ We are cautiously optimistic that it marks the end for the innocent people who have been in touch with us to complain of the accusations .
However , we believe that an apology is owed to those individuals , and would encourage TBI to come forward and say sorry , ” they told TorrentFreak
“ They ’ve already taken the difficult step of admitting to their error , this extra step would serve to restore some confidence that the legal system is not merely there to be abused for making money through volume litigation against the innocent and unaware . ”
With this announcement by TBI , only ACS : Law remain in this type of business in the UK , so are they concerned about damage to their reputation ?
Absolutely not .
We ’ll go into more details in our report next week .
Miss McIntyre said she was " ecstatic " after being cleared A trainee teacher who was accused of having sex with a 16 - year - old pupil has been found not guilty .
Hannah McIntyre , 25 , had denied one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust .
Liverpool Crown Court heard claims that Miss McIntyre , of Waterloo , Merseyside , seduced the boy after giving him cider .
Miss McIntrye , a teacher at the £ 8,424 - a- year Merchant Taylor 's boys school , in Crosby , said she was " ecstatic " after being cleared .
The teenager , who cannot be identified for legal reasons , had claimed the classics teacher had allowed him and two friends into her home on a Friday night , later buying them cider which they drank while watching television and playing a dare game .
Instead , however , the court heard the boy and his friends had barged into her home on the night in January 2008 because they were " bored " and she was an " easy target " .
' Career in tatters '
The boy had claimed to have followed her into the bedroom where they had sex .
However , the jury took just 75 minutes to dismiss the youth 's claims and find her not guilty .
Judge Robert Warnock immediately told her she was free to leave the dock and she ran into the arms of her boyfriend and parents Irene and Harry , who had supported her throughout the trial .
Miss McIntyre said she needed a large drink and " to sleep for a week " .
Asked if she was angry about the false allegations , she added : " Anger is not first among my thoughts right now .
I had wanted to be a decent teacher who was n't heavy handed but I think , to them , I became a joke teacher
Hannah McIntyre
" But he has , with no accountability , made an accusation and I would like to see him have to realise the effect he has had on me . "
She also said Merchant Taylors ' had " been incredibly supportive " and thanked the witnesses who spoke on her behalf .
Instead of a night where she took advantage of the teenage boys , the jury was clear that she was the victim .
By the time the boys had called round to her home and rifled through her flat they had spent several weeks taunting her .
The jury heard of incidents including locking her in a cupboard and hiding her mobile phone while at school .
Sex noises
When they entered her home , they mishandled her pet lizard , poked her and made sex noises as she hid away from them in her bed , she told the court .
She had asked them to leave on several occasions but they towered over her and made her feel intimidated .
" I had wanted to be a decent teacher who was n't heavy handed but I think , to them , I became a joke teacher , " she said .
Miss McIntyre said her teaching career , a path inspired by her English teacher mother , was now in tatters .
It came " crashing to an end " when the boy made the allegation , she said .
The boy claimed to his mother he had sex with his teacher shortly after he was suspended for a third time in six months for being disrespectful to female teachers and using violence against other pupils .
In a statement , the school said : " Merchant Taylors ' Schools note the verdict of the court in finding Miss Hannah McIntyre not guilty , and are pleased that this long process has finally been brought to a conclusion .
" Miss McIntyre was dismissed from Merchant Taylors ' Boys ' School in the autumn of 2009 , although there is an appeal pending against this decision .
" The school cannot comment further in order to avoid prejudicing the outcome . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Electronic Arts and Renault do deal for electric concept car to be available to download in popular Sims 3 game
Players of The Sims 3 , one of the most successful game franchises of all time , will now be able to download Renault 's two - seater Twizy electric concept car into their game as part of an " Electric Vehicle Pack " , which also includes solar panels and other environmental gadgets .
EA is very coy about calling this product placement , or even mentioning the word advertising .
Instead , the deal is being referred to as a " partnership " .
Elizabeth Harz , EA 's senior vice - president of global media sales , calls it " an important part of our overall strategy of diversifying revenue - streams " .
However Steve Seabolt , vice - president of global brand development for The Sims , admits : " Renault is investing in this , yes .
We do n't characterise it as paid advertising space .
But yes , they have made a substantial investment . "
Apart from sporting , motoring and fictional franchises , the computer games industry has been slow to adopt product placement .
Within The Sims universe , brand - descriptions have always been carefully satirical and slightly eccentric , designed to raise a chuckle .
Renault 's
Twizy electric concept car that is being made available in The Sims 3
This looks set to change .
Seabolt says : " We are in active conversations with companies like Proctor and Gamble and Unilever .
In theory , if a good or service exists in the real world there is the possibility to integrate it into the game .
Could you bring a shampoo into the game ?
Of course .
Could you bring a laundry detergent ?
Yes , you could . "
Because the player chooses whether or not to add the car to their Sims family home , Seabolt argues that in contrast to Hollywood product placement , the EA model represents an " opt - in experience " .
The car has the effect of reducing monthly bills within the game as an incentive for players to include it .
The Sims 3 has sold more than 4.5 m copies worldwide to date , a currently - untapped marketing opportunity .
" What 's in it for EA , " says Seabolt , " is validation of video games as a crucial marketing medium .
In the case of Renault , which really wants to influence people , this is the place to reach cutting edge consumers . "
Harz does sound a note of warning , however .
" We are very strategic about both the companies that we partner with , and [ are always worrying ] , ' will this be organic to gameplay , will this be viewed as a plus by the player ? '
Because everything we do should feel to the player that we 've respected their relationship with the game and enhanced it . "
In its 200 shows , the irreverent animated program “ South Park ” has mercilessly satirized Christianity , Buddhism , Scientology , the blind and disabled , gay people , Hollywood celebrities and politicians of all persuasions , weathering the resulting protests and threats of boycotts .
FOR THE RECORD : Threat to “ South Park ” creators :
An article in Friday ’s Section A about the Comedy Central network ’s response to an online threat by radical Muslims made against “ South Park ” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone said a clip of an interview with Parker and Stone was posted on the website boingboing.com .
The website ’s correct address is boingboing .
net .
But this week , after an ominous threat from a radical Muslim website , the network that airs the program bleeped out all references to the prophet Muhammad in the second of two episodes set to feature the holy figure dressed in a bear costume .
The incident provides the latest example that media conglomerates are still struggling to balance free speech with safety concerns and religious sensitivities , six years after Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was slain for making a film critical of Islamic society .
Comedy Central declined to comment on the latest incident .
But “ South Park ” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone clearly disagreed with their bosses ’ handling of the situation .
A statement posted on their website said that executives “ made a determination to alter the episode ” without their approval and that the usual wrap - up speech from one character did n’t mention Muhammad “ but it got bleeped too . ”
The network may have thought it had no choice after revolutionmuslim.com , the website of a fringe group , delivered a grim warning about last week ’s episode , which depicted Muhammad dressed as a bear .
“ We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh for airing this show , ” the posting said .
A photo of Van Gogh ’s body lying in the street was included with the original posting , which has been unavailable to some Web users since news of the item broke earlier this week .
“ This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . ”
Experts say that in trying to forestall such threats , media companies may be setting dangerous precedents — a possibility underscored by the fact that “ South Park ” has strirred up a free - speech issue that , while dormant for years , has now exploded anew .
UCLA law professor Eugene Volokh said that although he sympathizes with the predicament faced by Comedy Central , the network has potentially empowered other extremists by how it has chosen to handle the situation .
“ The consequence of this position is that the thugs win and people have more incentive to be thugs , ” said Volokh , who teaches free speech and religious freedom law .
“ There are lots of people out there who would very much like to get certain kind of material removed , whether religious or political .
The more they see others winning , the more they will be likely to do the same .
Behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated . ”
In 2005 , an uproar over Muhammad cartoons in a Danish newspaper rocked Europe and the media industry worldwide , with many newspapers , including the Los Angeles Times , declining to publish the materials that some found offensive .
One of the cartoons showed the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban that was about to explode .
Many Muslims believe that Islamic teachings forbid showing images of Muhammad .
Revolution Muslim , the extremist group that issued the graphic warning , is a relatively small fringe organization based out of New York , said Oren Segal , director of the Anti-Defamation League ’s Center on Extremism .
The organization , which formed in 2007 and includes about a dozen members , is mostly known for posting inflammatory and often threatening comments on its website , including a poem last October during the Jewish High Holy Days asking God to kill all the Jews .
Its members also stage protests in front of New York mosques , advocating a more fundamentalist form of Islam .
The FBI was aware of the matter , but declined to comment .
The irony is that some of the group ’s postings could be construed as hate speech and therefore raise their own free - speech issues .
“ This group definitely crosses the line , or is right on the line , in terms of what is acceptable speech , ” Segal said .
“ There is no direct link between this group and violence yet .
But by posting this type of information , you never know who is going to take it seriously . ”
The ADL has identified Abu Talhah Al - Amrikee , the blogger who posted the warning about “ South Park , ” as Zachary A. Chesser , a former student at George Mason University who lives in Virginia and has become more active with Revolution Muslim in the last several months .
On April 15 , he wrote on one of his Twitter accounts : “ May Allah kill Matt Stone and Trey Parker and burn them in Hell for all eternity .
They insult our prophets Muhammad , Jesus , and Moses . ”
Later , he posted a clip from an interview of Stone and Parker with the website boingboing.com , in which the host asked if they feared that they would be bombed for showing a depiction of the prophet Muhammad on their show .
Al - Amrikee noted : “ Perhaps they are not , perhaps they should be , only time will tell . ”
Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations , a Washington , D.C. - based civil rights and advocacy group , called Revolution Muslim “ an extreme fringe group that has absolutely no credibility within the Muslim community .
“ In fact , most Muslims suspect they were set up only to make Muslims look bad , ” Hooper said .
“ We just have very deep suspicions .
They say such outrageous , irresponsible things that it almost seems like they ’re doing it to smear Islam . ”
He said he was aware of the recent depiction on “ South Park ” of Muhammad in a bear suit , but said CAIR has not issued any formal statement about the incident because the group does n’t want to give the show any more attention .
“ People are pretty tired of this whole ‘ Let ’s insult the prophet Muhammad thing , ’ ” he said .
Segal said that although he does not expect the warning by Revolution Muslim to stir the kind of mass protests that followed the Danish cartoon controversy , he said the group ’s rhetoric must be taken seriously .
“ You do n’t know what crazy person is going to respond , ” he said .
“ This is in context of a relatively silly , funny show , but a threat is a threat . ”
For fans of “ South Park , ” the controversy has a familiar air .
The show has taken great relish in attacking anyone the creators deem ridiculous or self - important , with celebrities and religion serving as favorite targets .
In 2006 , longtime cast member Isaac Hayes quit after the series lampooned Scientology .
A group of New Zealand bishops was so offended by the show ’s depiction of the Virgin Mary that it sought unsuccessfully to have the program banned .
But “ South Park ” has run into more serious problems when making light of Islamic strictures against showing Muhammad .
In 2006 , Comedy Central censored the producers ’ plans to depict the prophet in the episodes known as “ Cartoon Wars . ”
Co-creator Stone , in an interview with boingboing
.com , chided his employers in that case .
“ It ’s just sad , ” he said .
He also noted that paradoxically , the network continued to run an episode from an earlier season in which Muhammad is not only shown but speaks , along with Jesus of Nazareth , Buddha and other religious figures .
“ It was before the Danish cartoon controversy , so it somehow is fine , ” Stone said .
“ After that , ” he said , network self - censorship was “ the new normal . ”
scott.collins@latimes.com
matea.gold@latimes.com
Scott Glover contributed to this report .
It was not just the cold or the dogged spirit of the Russian people that forced Napoleon and his army to retreat
Russia Against Napoleon : The True Story of the Campaigns of War and Peace .
By Dominic Lieven .
Viking ; 618 pages ; $ 35.95 .
Allen Lane ; £ 30 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
FEW wars in modern history produced national myths more durable than the Napoleonic wars in Europe .
The battles of Waterloo and Borodino , at the dawn of European nationalism , are part of British and Russian culture .
In Russia 's case , the impact is amplified by Leo Tolstoy 's “ War and Peace ” , which portrays the campaign as a true people 's war that owed its success to the elemental patriotism of the Russian nation and the wisdom and intuition of Mikhail Kutuzov , its great general .
Tolstoy , writes Dominic Lieven , was not only a wonderful novelist .
He was also the mythmaker who shaped the perception of Russia 's role for years to come .
Like any other country Russia prides itself on its military victories .
In Mr Lieven 's view , the strange thing about Tolstoy 's version of history is not that it exaggerates Russia 's role in that era but that it plays it down .
Tolstoy ends his novel 's war narrative in December 1812 with the remnants of the French army forced to retreat across the Russian border .
Russia 's subsequent two - year - long campaign in the heart of Europe , which included the battle of Leipzig and ended in Paris , was of little interest to Tolstoy whose concern was national consciousness not imperial glory .
But it is of great interest to Mr Lieven , one of the ablest historians of imperial Russia .
He dedicates half of “ Russia Against Napoleon ” ( which was published this week in America though it came out in Britain a few months ago ) to those events .
Conducted outside Russia 's borders by commanders with distinctly foreign names , the 1813 - 14 campaign does not fit with national mythology .
But it demonstrates the strength of Russia 's multi-ethnic empire and the depth of its integration in European affairs and security .
As he pursued his empire 's geopolitical interests , Alexander I managed to rally support from Prussia and Austria , presenting Russia 's invasion of Europe as liberation .
In creating this favourable impression of the campaign , the tsar was helped not only by propaganda but by the remarkably disciplined behaviour of his troops who neither stole nor marauded as they advanced through Europe .
The central point made by Mr Lieven 's witty and impeccably scholarly book is that Russia owed its victory not to the courage of its national spirit or to the coldness of the 1812 winter , as some French sources have argued , but to its military excellence , superior cavalry , the high standards of Russia 's diplomatic and intelligence services and the quality of its European elite .
Thanks to the intelligence he obtained , Alexander was able to outwit Napoleon , anticipating his invasion .
Napoleon 's intention was not to occupy Russia or overthrow Alexander by stirring a domestic revolt against him .
He was counting on his superior force and his own military genius to destroy the Russian army swiftly and force the tsar to accept his peace terms .
Alexander 's intention , on the other hand , was to destroy Napoleon and break his Grand Armée .
Mikhail Barclay de Tolly , his war minister , devised and implemented the strategy of drawing Napoleon deep inside Russia , away from his supply base , exhausting his army by defensive war and then attacking .
Mr Lieven is no less gripping when he writes about the crucial issue of logistics .
Vast financial and diplomatic resources were mobilised to feed the Russian soldiers and their horses thousands of kilometres from Russia 's borders .
He zooms in and out of battlefields , examines the quality of uniforms and the conditions of weapons , creating an historic canvas that is both overwhelming and meticulous .
The irony is that although Mr Lieven contests Tolstoy 's artistic version of history , his book also revels in it , as its subtitle suggests .
After all , at least in the first part of the book , he is writing about people and events brought to life by Tolstoy 's genius .
He even has a personal connection to the story .
An ancestor of his was Christoph von Lieven , a bright young general in Alexander 's entourage .
Christoph's mother was confidante and friend to Empress Marie , Alexander 's mother , and a prototype for Tolstoy 's Anna Scherer whose St Petersburg soirée opens the novel .
Although Mr Lieven does not popularise history , he inevitably touches the nerve points of modern power politics .
His book is a timely reminder of Russia 's deep - rooted interest in European security and its past ability to pursue these interests with grace , honour , discipline and professionalism — virtues that are harder to reconstruct than any battle .
South Park type TV Show network Comedy Central genre Animated
South Park has been tackling so many sacred cows and hot potatoes for so long now — from Scientology to Steven Spielberg , NAMBLA to the N - word — that when I watched last week ’s episode , I barely winced when creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone decided to celebrate South Park ‘s 200th episode by taking on the depiction of the Muslim prophet Muhammad , for the second time .
Then , on Sunday , Revolutionmuslim.com , a radical Islamic website , reportedly posted an item about the South Park episode referencing Theo van Gogh , the Dutch filmmaker who was killed by a Muslim extremist for his 2004 short documentary Submission , about women , violence , and Islam .
“ We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo van Gogh for airing this show , ” said the post .
“ This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . ”
The site then featured a graphic photo of the mutilated filmmaker , and published the addresses of Comedy Central New York offices and the South Park production company in Los Angeles .
Finally , it embedded a video of a radical Muslim preacher calling for the assassination of anyone who has “ defamed ” Muhammad which included photos of Parker , Stone , and van Gogh .
As the characters on South Park would say : Holy [ bleeping ] [ bleep ] !
In case you missed last week ’s South Park , some background : Hundreds of celebrities ridiculed by the show ( including Tom Cruise and Rob Reiner ) threaten a class - action lawsuit if the titular Colorado town does not produce the prophet Muhammad .
See , the celebs believe the founder of Islam possesses a power that saves him from all ridicule , and they want it for themselves .
Of course , as South Park fans know , the show tried to depict Muhammad in an April 2006 two - part episode about censorship , only to be censored by Comedy Central — ironic , given that the show had already depicted Muhammad in a July 2001 episode ( watch the clip below ) entitled the Super Best Friends , in which the central figures of all religions fight together for the greater good .
Both of those earlier episodes were referenced last week , to pretty hilarious effect .
Eventually , as often happens on South Park , Muhammad ends up in a silly bear mascot costume .
Hence , the outrage .
Comedy Central is n’t commenting about the Revolutionmuslim.com post .
But the episode in question , entitled “ 200 , ” ended with a cliff - hanger , and Parker and Stone — famous for handing in episodes at literally the last minute — are likely just wrapping up tonight ’s follow up episode , which airs at 10 p.m. ET ( 9 p.m. CT ) .
Who wants to bet they incorporate this “ warning , ” complete with a cheeky reference to Vincent van Gogh ?
( My guess — someone will lose an ear . )
Do you think the show will be able to represent Muhammad as they once did in the more innocent , pre-9/11 era ?
Episode Recaps Previous
The most popular animated series , by state By Gerrad Hall
The 10 best TV shows - within - shows By Chancellor Agard
14 Father 's Day Gifts for Pop Culture Fans By Cristina Everett
South Park : The Biggest Moments From 20 Seasons By Darren Franich Next
You can quickly post a tweet from the command line using the curl command , all you ’ll need is your Twitter username and password .
Launch the Terminal and type the following all on one line , replacing username and password with your own :
curl -u username : password -d status= " your status message here " http://twitter.com/statuses/update.xml
I came across this via MurphyMac who used the command to schedule Twitter updates while sleeping ( seriously ) , using the curl command in conjunction with the sleep command .
I ’m not sure how practical tweeting while sleeping is , but the ability to post a quick update from the command line is pretty handy .
If you ’re so inclined , you can use the above command and make a quick bash script so that you can easily tweet from the command line without typing the full string .
Just place the following in a text file and name it something like tweet.sh :
#!/bin/bash
curl -u username : password -d status = " $ 1 " http://twitter.com/statuses/update.xml
Be sure to specify your username and password .
Then be sure to make the file executable :
chmod u+x tweet.sh
Now you ’ll just need to type ./tweet.sh " I love OS X Daily " to tweet your message to the world .
Thanks to Greg Mason for correcting the permissions error !
Ian Winter took the above bash script a bit further and added the ability to prevent you from posting no tweet , and a warning if a tweet is over the 140 character limit .
Here is his script :
#!/bin/bash
TWEET=$
1
TWEETLEN=${#TWEET}
if [ $ TWEETLEN -eq 0 ] || [ $ TWEETLEN - gt 140 ] ; then
if [ $ TWEETLEN - gt 140 ] ; then
let EXTRA=$TWEETLEN-140
echo " Usage : tweet \" message \ " ( 140 chars or less , you 're $ EXTRA over ) "
else
echo " Usage : tweet \" message \ " ( 140 chars or less ) "
fi
exit 1
else
curl -u username : password -d status = " $ 1 " http://twitter.com/statuses/update.xml
fi
exit 0
Like before , edit your username and password , and save the file as tweet and be sure to make it executable chmod 755 tweet
As a teenager in the late 1980s , James Dewitt “ J Dilla ” Yancey worked as a junior police cadet for the Detroit Police Department .
Several years later however , after suffering through one too many many incidents of police harassment and racial profiling as young adult , his opinion of the police would change as he would record “ Fuck the Police ” in 2001 .
In an interview years later , his mother , Maureen “ Ma Dukes ” Yancey , gave further detail on Dilla ’s reason and motivation for the song : “ That song was totally true .
He caught so much flack from the police for being a clean young man .
The police department was down the street from where we lived , and every time he pulled off they ’d stop him and harass him .
They even tossed the car once looking for something ; because he was young and clean - cut , they thought he was selling drugs .
[ D12 rapper ]
Proof was at the house one evening when James had another run-in with them .
He had only gone to the gas station which was three doors away .
I told him not to get upset because he was hurt to tears .
He was so angry and just tired of being harassed , so I told him , ‘ Look , this is what you do : you go downstairs and make a song about it , and you laugh in their face . ’
And that ’s when he came up with the ' F the Police ’ thing .
And people are still singing it today !
Every time I go somewhere , that ’s one of the songs they play . ” [+ ]
Mr. Hanrahan has been lauded as one of the area ’s best bankruptcy lawyers by Frederick Magazine .
Why do his clients recommend him ?
He understands the importance of communication and works hard to be personally available to respond to questions or concerns .
He is an experienced trial attorney , appearing regularly on behalf of clients in state and federal courts .
At every step in the process , Mr. Hanrahan explain the legal options that are available .
You can trust the Law Offices of John C. Hanrahan , LLC , to achieve the best possible results .
By Fauzia Rafiq
Aurat Foundation has released numbers for the First Quarter of this year , January to March 2008 : 91 days .
Just for now , i will count them 90 in honor of the 90 Shaheed Women who were reported to be killed for ‘ honour ’ in these three months .
90 ‘ Honour ’ Killings …
This is somewhat the picture that emerges from this report :
Each Day in Pakistan
1 woman is killed for honour ( read ‘ male honour ’ )
4+ women are murdered ( ‘ murdered by men ’ )
2+ women are abducted ( ‘ abducted by men ’ )
1+ women are injured in ‘ domestic violence ’ ( ‘ wife assault , daughter assault , sister assault , daughter - in - law assault , sister - in - law assault ’ )
Each Week in Pakistan
4+ women are raped
1+ women are gang - raped
5+ women commit suicide
2+ women face ‘ custodial violence ’ ( ‘ sexual , physical , psychological abuse by officials while in police custody ’ )
2- women face sexual assault
1+ women are burnt ( ‘ burnt with kerosine oil ’ )
Each month in Pakistan
1 woman faces acid attack
This is how a month looks like
30 women are killed for male honour
122 women are murdered
82 women are abducted
39 + women are injured in ‘ domestic violence ’
20 women are raped
6 women are gang - raped
22 women commit suicide
11 + women face ‘ custodial violence ’
8 women face sexual assault
5+ women are burnt
Women Are A Colonized Population in Pakistan
This is 152 women killed every month ; and , 193 women abducted , battered , raped , gang - raped , violated in police custody , sexually assaulted , acid attacked and burnt .
No wonder 22 women choose to end their lives each month .
Where 367 women are killed / assaulted / raped / humiliated each month , the entire population of women of that country is subjected to a minimum of 367 violent , cruel and gender - biased threats on monthly basis .
As well , and at the same time , 367 messages of vulgar victory are delivered to privileged Muslim men around the country .
The history of the colonization of Pakistani women may not be short and sweat but it is for sure un-complicated .
In a feudal / tribal / religious society , the implementation of Muslim Sharia Laws , the Hudood Ordinances , provided what was lacking : the divine sanction to subjugate / abuse a whole population group to serve another .
The Military , the MullaN and the US Empire have all benefited at the expense of Pakistani politicians and bureaucrats who are now reduced to errand boys / girls helping out to manage and exploit an already dis-empowered population .
Out of this , women , who are more than half the number of men , are rendered expendable .
The ‘ Declaration on Burying Women Alive / Killing of Women in the Name of “ Honour ” and other Customary Practices ’ , passed by women ’s and human rights organizations in Islamabad after a national - level consultation in September , acknowledges and points to the situation like this :
‘ that we will no longer allow women to be used as pawns – as convenient expendable targets – in feuds between men over murder , property , money , political and tribal rivalries , blood vendettas and misplaced perceptions of “ honour ” issues ; ’
Which Women ?
The women being murdered , assaulted and mutilated in Pakistan are not you and me .
I may be a ‘ kari ’ but i will not be the one caught / flogged / stoned / killed .
It is inevitable that the woman who will suffer this punishment will be a woman of less social and economic status or a woman ‘ belonging ’ to men of less economic and social status ; and , it will not matter if she is a ‘ kari ’ or not .
A woman Minister was shot dead by the eXtreme MullaNs last year but such instances are few and far between .
So far , its 91 under - privileged women to about 1 - 2 privileged women a year .
Just as the war in Vietnam became an issue for American people and the Western world only when white soldiers began to die there in numbers , the gender - cide in Pakistan remains un-acknowledged by Pakistani people and the world because the women being killed / assaulted at the minimum rate of 367 per month do not belong to the privileged classes .
The ‘ acknowledgment ’ of gender - cide is not sought from the Military , MullaN or the Empire but from the progressive politicians , academicians , professionals , activists and bureaucrats who are engaged in a fight for peace , democracy and human rights .
We have to acknowledge a situation of urgency before we can respond to it ; and , this is one such situation .
Because you know why ?
The ‘ 367 per month ’ is an Inaccurate Number
Based on the information released by Aurat Foundation for the First Quarter of this year , the number of ‘ honour ’ killings rose from 1000 a year in 2001 - 2002 to 1192 a year in 2008 .
However , I truly believe that the actual number of killings is much higher .
Most cases involving lesser women / people do not get registered to be counted in researches and surveys .
‘ Rapes and gang - rapes are a dime a dozen in feudal Pakistan ; exploitation , of women , as also of other lesser mortals is managed in urban environments with sophistication .
Neither , gets reported in routine . ’
In Search of Decency by Zafar Samdani
There are graves being un-earthed in Pakistan of unregistered crimes against women . ‘… during the past two years , as many as 100 young girls and women had been murdered and their graves were unearthed recently . ’
Motion Filed in Senate Against Killing of 100 Women
Delivering Justice to ( under - privileged ) Women
This is an article published in 2004 where the author recalls the memory of Nawabpur case that had happened in 1984 .
Beginning with the ‘ Elder ’ of the avenging family , the author has this to say in The tormenting memory of Nawabpur by Omar R. Quraishi :
‘ One can only be astonished by the audacity of this man who probably saw it fit to deny or justify the parading of women naked at gunpoint , because one of their relatives allegedly had an affair or affairs with female relatives of the men who came to take revenge .
( Touch - wood 2008 : Mir Israr Ullah Zehri )
‘ A military court heard the case and after the incident an amendment ( through the Criminal Law Amendment Ordinance 1984 – Section 354 A ) was inserted in the Pakistan Penal Code .
( Touch - Wood 2008 : Laws will be amended , Sherry Rehman )
‘ It increased the maximum sentence from two years in jail to capital punishment for anyone who forced a woman to strip naked in public .
Despite that , the men tried in the Nawabpur case were not given capital punishment or even life sentence .
( Touch - Wood 2008 : The more influential culprits in the Baloch women case have not even been charged yet )
‘ In fact , two months later they were all released on bail .
Akbar ’s shattered and broken family left the village fearing that the released men might return and persecute them . ’
( Persecution is on .
Three older women were buried alive for objecting to the earlier alive burials of five women . )
The Most Unfortunate Fact is the People Who Are Killing Women
In the case of Five ( now Eight ) women who were buried alive in Balochistan , seven people were arrested , and this is who they are :
‘ The arrested include the fathers of the three girls , a brother of two of the girls , a cousin of one of the girls and two others whose identities have not been disclosed ’.
This is robbing the hearts and souls of women .
One hell of a scary ‘ family ’ !
I wonder why a society continues to protect it .
And that is why if we cannot mount enough legal and social resistance in Pakistan and outside to protect women in their homes , we will be putting a vast majority of women ’s population at an increased risk of violence and abuse from ‘ displeased ’ and now a bit ‘ hunted ’ men in their lives .
This is even more true where women are living in tribal , rural or extreme religious home / family environments .
Aithae vudh hyati nochdae / mere sajjan saak peyarae
An Unscietific Indicator of the Current level of Resistance on this Issue
I am proud to belong to some of the most vibrant Pakistani lists on the Net ; foremost among them is the one used by five organizations of progressive workers , peasants , women , and rights activists with over 3000 members .
On September 26 , ‘ Zardari flirts with Palin ’ and ‘ Zardari calls Palin gorgeous ’ were posted with ‘ Three more women buried alive in Balochistan today ’ .
From September 26 to October 1 , the first two drew 19 and 6 posts while the third got 2 .
From those two , one was mine .
I think that it is almost a true indicator of the order of our priorities in Pakistan ; and in that order , women receiving alive burials for wanting to exercise their basic human rights are remembered twice every 25 instances of imperial gossip .
…
Related Content
‘ Violence Against Women ’ ?
No ! GENDER -CIDE in Pakistan !
Women Slam Govt Against ‘ Honour ’ Killings
Poems
1. Kikli 13 July Punjabi Roman
Shaheed Bibi Fauzia
2. Fauzia of Mir Wah English
2a . Mir Wah de Fauzia Punjabi
Shaheed Bibi Benaam 1
3. Mir Wah de benaam Chhori Number One Punjabi Roman
Shaheed Bibi Jannat
4. Swal Jannat da NahiN Roman
5. Vaen ( mourning )
5a . Vaen Shahmukhi
Shaheed Bibi Fatmah
6. Hun MainuN Na Ro
If we can put a man on the moon , we can re-write the basic laws of supply and demand and get more quality health care , dispensed by fewer providers per patient , at lower prices for all Americans .
Sure we can .
Just like we ended poverty with the Great Society , and like we 'll impose liberal democracy on the corrupt oligarchy ruling a collection of tribes known as Afghanistan .
Landing humans on the lunar surface looks like an easily do - able dream when set beside many of the ideologically and anecdotally driven social , economic , and foreign policy nightmares cooked up by public officials in the last half - century of big government .
That truth is explored in the appropriately titled book , If We Can Put a Man on the Moon… : Getting Big Things Done in Government ( though , it should be noted , the book does n't advocate getting big things done by big government ) .
Published last year , it was co-authored by former Reason Foundation privatization analysts John O'Leary and William D. Eggers .
Together , the authors bring experienced insight about how good , bad , and really awful public policy ideas are generated , and then how those ideas should be tested in terms of design , adoption , implementation , achievement of intended results , and periodic review .
And after deconstructing health care " reform " via the O'Leary - Eggers model , you 'd have to be moonstruck to believe that ObamaPelosiCare is headed for anything but a crash landing .
When the Supreme Court was trying to define pornography in order to judge certain anti-obscenity statutes , Justice Potter Stewart famously said , " I know it when I see it . "
Therein lies the fatal flaw in trying to reform a sixth or seventh of the economy related to personal health .
So - called health care reform fails at the very first stage posited by Eggers and O'Leary , ideation , because — like beauty and porn — reform is in the eyes of the beholder .
In the left - liberal imagination , health care reform means getting the greedy bad guys in private enterprise out of health care delivery and securing the " right " to health care with a " single payer " system .
That euphemism , like most verbal obfuscations , is a tacit admission that there 's nothing remotely close to public consensus about changing health care delivery .
In the free - market conservative imagination , reform would mean buying health care in the same way we purchase milk , whiskey , or a new Lexus , linking consideration of price to unlimited desire for stuff .
Of course , we already have both free - market and government - run health care , which is the other great obstacle to reform .
We have the worst of both worlds , with government Medicare and Medicaid providing a big pile of increasingly deficit - financed dollars sitting aside another mountain of cash generated by mostly tax exempt , employer - provided insurance coverage .
Both of these mounds of free moolah discourage any consideration of price while they encourage demand .
Doctors , hospitals , and Big Pharma do their best to Hoover suck billions from both piles .
And politicians facilitate the process by pandering to a 40 - million - strong lobby of greedy geezers ( " the folks who built this great nation " ) and a free lunch - seeking middle class .
For the sake of argument , let us hallucinate that reform was a big idea whose time had come .
Then let 's subject it to the second phase of the O'Leary - Eggers construct : design .
ObamaPelosiCare was most certainly not designed by Barack Obama or Nancy Pelosi or any other leader .
In fact , it was n't designed by anybody .
It was a Rube Goldberg contraption of bells , whistles , and trap doors tossed together by K Street representatives of insurers and providers , colluding with their congressional clients .
In a lobbying orgy , they mostly succeeded in getting bigger pieces of what promised to be a hugely expanding pie , bringing millions into the private ( though massively subsidized by the government ) insurance pool , with largely unfunded mandates against insurance exclusion for pre-existing conditions , and deficit - funded new " services " like even more free drugs for old people .
By the summer of 2009 , with the president of the United States engaging in sloganeering and finger - pointing at the enemy du jour ( insurers and Big Pharma , mostly ) , an angry citizenry emerged to flail away at the Big Idea .
Yet there was n't even a clear definition of what reform actually meant , which left the specifics up to the imagination .
This in turn produced much angry howling and congressional town hall meetings and helped stimulate the amorphous , citizen - directed tea party movement .
By year 's end , reform seemed doomed , until Commanders Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi rammed it through the wormhole of Stargate , as O'Leary and Eggers metaphorically label the adoption stage of their construct .
The Stargate is the sci - fi gateway from our apparently real world to parallel universes with alternate forms of reality , popularized in the military science fiction movie and TV series of the same name .
Without a trace of bipartisan consensus , and with the opposition from the center of the electorate bordering on fury , Pelosi and her allies used brute political force to hurl " reform " cosmic distances ahead into the regulation - writing hands of future bureaucrats , who will have to square liberal hallucinations with real - economy conditions sometime far , far away .
It is n't often a landmark law makes it though the Stargate given the fortunate Madisonian obstacle course that thwarts change .
But when paradigm shifting legislation has cleared those hurdles , there almost always has been significant consensus — or at least some modicum of bipartisan cooperation .
Not so with ObamaPelosiCare .
It does n't take much imagination to see the pitfalls that will occur when bureaucrats attempt to enter the implementation stage of an undesigned , unpopular public policy creation .
The results are likely to be even worse than the 1000 percent error made in projecting eventual Medicare costs when that program was adopted in the 1960s .
Today , Medicare is eating tax dollars like some hungry Godzilla .
In a few years , ObamaPelosiCare will make that monster look like a little lizard .
A former reporter and political press secretary , Terry Michael teaches college journalists about politics , and writes at his " libertarian Democrat " web site , www.terrymichael.net.
Bonus Reason.tv video : If We Can Put a Man on the Moon … authors William D. Eggers and John O'Leary discuss why large - scale government projects typically go so wrong — and how to change a culture that almost demands such failure .
With the Roman Catholic Church facing a series of paedophilia scandals , some observers have begun to ask whether the tradition of celibacy in the priesthood has contributed to child abuse .
The BBC's Paul Henley raises the question with Catholics in Cologne .
Child sex abuse allegations have caused anger in Germany In Pope Benedict XVI 's home country , Germany , the Catholic Church could have hoped for a better Easter in terms of public relations .
While the media deal , nearly daily , with fresh allegations of priests sexually abusing children , opinion polls published by Stern magazine suggest almost a fifth of German Catholics have considered leaving the Church because of the abuse scandal and only 17 % of Germans now trust the Church as an institution .
Typical of the kind of comment Catholic leaders would have preferred not to have faced , was a contribution to a recent ZDF television discussion programme by Professor Klaus Beier , head of the Institute of Sexology and Sexual Medicine at Berlin 's Charite Hospital .
" If you are already struggling with a conflicted sexuality , including paedophile tendencies , then it is attractive to become part of an institution that obliges you to be celibate , " he said .
" I have seen many of these cases ... and it is something the Catholic Church should be made aware of . "
' Abnormal sexuality '
More surprising has been the contribution to the debate of senior figures from inside the Church , including Hamburg Auxiliary Bishop Hans - Jochen Jaschke , who seemed to add fuel to the fire of those making a connection between priestly celibacy and paedophilia .
The offenders always say 'we are not the guilty ones ; society is guilty , the church is guilty , celibacy is the problem , not us '
Manfred Luetz
Psychiatrist
He was quoted as saying that the " celibate lifestyle can attract people who have an abnormal sexuality and cannot integrate sexuality into their lives . "
But even those outspoken Catholic rebels who have long called for a discussion about the future of celibacy - including Father Hans Kung , a contemporary of the Pope and well - known thorn in the side of the Vatican - have distanced themselves from any attempt to link paedophile offences and priestly vows of chastity .
Now another theologian , Manfred Luetz , psychiatrist , author and organiser of a 2003 Vatican congress about the abuse of children , has been defending the Church 's stance , resisting any link between celibacy and paedophilia .
" I do not think that the Vatican is trying to prevent any debate about celibacy , " he said , speaking in his office at Cologne 's Alexianer Hospital , where he is director .
" Catholics are free to talk about it .
Celibacy is no dogma .
But I think when we have a discussion about abuse , then this is not the moment to discuss celibacy , because then we make the same strategies as the offenders do .
" The offenders always say 'we are not the guilty ones ; society is guilty , the church is guilty , celibacy is the problem , not us ' .
And I do not want to be an accomplice to such escape strategies " .
Modernisation ?
Dr Luetz dismisses any suggestion of a scientific correlation between celibacy and abuse .
" The father of a family " , he says , " is 36 times more likely to abuse than a celibate priest .
So it is not good to discuss celibacy in this context .
" Instead , we have to discuss how to prevent other abuses , we have to speak about the victims and we have to speak about the way we approach these topics with transparency . "
Dr Luetz says the Church has already been doing this for six years , noting that guidelines are now in place and praising a campaign in Germany for victims to come forward .
But he also notes that most of the cases now emerging date back to long before these measures were put in place .
" I know many think that reforming celibacy rules would be a modernisation , but what is modernising ? " he asks .
" The Protestant Church does n't have celibacy and the number of people leaving their clergy is higher than ours . "
Worldly experience Many German Catholics visiting Cologne 's famous cathedral during Easter week do appear , however , to fix on priestly celibacy as one of the issues contributing to the church 's current problems .
One woman in her 20s suggested marriage for priests would be a healthy step forward for the institution .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" If it would be allowed I think there would n't be so many problems and so many secrets that they have to keep , " she said .
Another church - goer said she thought more worldly experience had to be a good thing among priests .
" The family and children - they should experience what they are talking about , " she said .
A man visiting the cathedral with his wife and daughters agreed .
" It should be possible for priests to marry , " he said .
" It would be a good face for the church , so people can see they make a first step to be more modern and to be actual . "
Damian Sassin , who served as a Jesuit priest for 10 years before leaving the priesthood and getting married , is also among those who supports reform .
" The celibacy rule is a part of the current crisis of the Church .
It 's definitely not the only one but it plays a role in it , " he said .
" It took me a while for me to ... finally admit that I just could n't live this [ way ] happily and healthily , knowing quite a few priests who obviously could n't do that either , but kept doing it , and became more and more strange people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With great regret and chagrin to report , CBS has rejected a contract deal with NORML to place a pro-cannabis law reform advertisement on the biggest electronic billboard in Times Square ( The CBS ‘ Super Screen ’ at 42nd St ) claiming that the advertisement is too political .
NORML had a contract for the 15 second spot below on the giant billboard ( and a second one featuring President Obama and New York City ’s high cannabis arrest rate with its shocking racial disparity in enforcement ) .
High Times breaks the story tonight here .
This of course makes no sense to have CBS reject a non-profit organization like NORML ’s pro-cannabis law reform advertisement , when , during the Super Bowl on Sunday – the most watched TV event annually in the United States–CBS is scheduled to air a controversial anti-abortion television advertisement produced by the socially conservative non-profit group Focus on the Family ( who , like apparently CBS , is anti-cannabis ) .
Last year , CBS rejected an advertisement from the liberal advocacy group MoveOn.org claiming it was too political as well .
The hypocrisy and double standard here is appalling .
NORML and MoveOn.org ads are deemed ‘ political ’ and ca n’t be purchased and broadcast by CBS , but Focus on the Family can roll a political hand grenade in the form of an anti-abortion TV ad into American households on no less than Super Bowl Sunday for the full and desired effect of creating public discussion .
Worse , beyond the fact that CBS censors political speech , the company has no apparent problems making money off the general public ’s strong interest in ‘ marijuana ’ as the network has established Marijuana Nation , an eye - ball sucking , archive - rich , comprehensive and well done webpage relating to cannabis found on the Internet ( Ironically , CBS ’ site competes with NORML and High Times ’ general content for readers … ) .
There are numerous reasons why cannabis prohibition has lasted over 72 - years , and when huge , mainstream media outlets ( who control bill boards , radio and TV , etc … ) pick and choose what organization ’s free speech they support and those they don’t –recognizing that absent a vibrant and informed public discussion about needed public policy changes , like ending cannabis prohibition , those needed public policy changes take so much longer than they would organically absent the filter of mainstream , corporate - leaning mega media outlets .
Personally , I can only wonder what public discourse , with now even more corporate influence , is going to look like in America post the SCOTUS decision two weeks ago in Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Representative Michael Burgess ( R - Texas ) told CNSNews.com that if the mandate in the health care law requiring individuals to purchase health insurance or be penalized is upheld by the courts , the federal government could mandate anything , such as requiring all Americans to purchase a General Motors car .
On Capitol Hill , CNSNews.com asked Representative Burgess , “ The Congressional Budget Office has said that never before in the history of the United States has the federal government mandated that any one buy a specific good or service and , of course , the bill includes the individual mandate .
Is there a part of the Constitution that you think gives Congress the authority to mandate individuals to purchase health insurance ? ”
Representative Burgess , himself a doctor , said , “ No , I personally do not , and I think that is exactly right .
Never before in the history of this country have we had the ability to coerce American citizens to purchase something and then invoke the Commerce clause after we coerce that purchase . ”
“ It just flies in the face of what a free society should be , so I ’m perfectly comfortable with the attorneys general bringing suit against this bill , ” said Burgess .
“ I think it ’s the appropriate thing to do .
Plus , you also have the equal - protection business of some states being more equal than others and , really , it should be equals among equals , not some states getting special deals to buy off a vote to get the bill passed . ”
CNSNews.com also asked Burgess , “ If the federal government mandates that you have to purchase health insurance , is there any legal commodity that the federal government cannot require individuals to purchase ? ”
“ That ’s the next step and what else ? ” said Burgess .
“ Could the federal government require all of us to purchase a General Motors product ?
And the answer is yes . ”
“ If this mandate is ruled , upheld by the courts , it opens the door for all kinds of mischief by the federal government , ” he said .
“ We ’ll be better off not opening this door or closing it very , very quickly . ”
Congressman Jason Chaffetz told CNSNews.com that he “ applauds ” the states that are stepping up and taking legal action against the federal government .
So , 13 attorneys general have sued the federal government over the individual mandate in the health care law .
“ I think the mandate is unconstitutional so I applaud the states [ that ] are going to step up and spend some resources and take this to the courts because I believe it ’s unconstitutional , ” said Chaffetz .
“ You have something like 37 states that are filing some sort of lawsuit or another , so , including Utah , and I applaud that . ”
Chaffetz was also asked if he thinks there is a limit to what Congress can mandate individuals to do .
“ Yeah , I think never before have we seen the federal government mandate that you have to actually purchase , ” he said .
“ You know , I understand they need to tax , but to actually purchase something ?
I think that steps over the line and I hope the states are victorious in their suits . ”
Chaffetz continued : “ That ’s the worry , that if they can get away with this , the federal government can get away with who knows what ?
And that ’s where there ’s got to be limits and balance on this , and clearly the Constitution , I do n’t think , you know , allows this to happen .
So I hope this country makes the right decision .
I really do . ”
On the other hand , Democratic Senator Tom Carper ( D - Del. ) said it is “ not likely ” the individual mandate will be overturned .
“ I ’m not a lawyer , ” he told CNSNews.com .
“ I ’m told by some pretty smart lawyers that the chances of states overturning this are not likely .
The federal law will be pre-eminent but that ’s why they make courts .
We ’ll have an opportunity to find out . ”
According to the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , the federal government has never before mandated that Americans buy any good or service .
In 1994 , when Congress was considering a universal health care plan formulated by then - First Lady Hillary Clinton , the CBO studied the plan ’s provision that would have forced individuals to buy health insurance and determined it was an unprecedented act .
The CBO stated : “ A mandate requiring all individuals to purchase health insurance would be an unprecedented form of federal action .
The government has never required people to buy any good or service as a condition of lawful residence in the United States .
An individual mandate would have two features that , in combination , would make it unique .
First , it would impose a duty on individuals as members of society .
Second , it would require people to purchase a specific service that would be heavily regulated by the federal government . ”
APRIL 19 -- A California Highway Patrol office was briefly evacuated earlier this month when investigators became concerned that an arrestee might have been carrying a concealed explosive device .
When officers collared Steven Ferrini on a drug charge , a search of the 60 - year - old suspect turned up ' a suspicious wire , with an on / off switch ' in his pants pocket .
' The wire was found to extend from the pant pocket to the subject 's anus , ' according to a CHP report , a copy of which you 'll find here .
Though Ferrini claimed that the wire was connected to an anal vibrator , officers became suspicious when he subsequently ' began to explain his knowledge of explosives and bomb making . '
So they called in El Dorado County 's ' explosive ordinance disposal ' team and , at 5:45 AM , evacuated ' all unnecessary personnel ' from the CHP 's South Lake Tahoe office .
At about 9 AM , the bomb squad ' rendered the device safe ' and determined it was not dangerous .
The report does not indicate why more than three hours passed before the vibrator was found not to be an explosive device .
' The vibrator was subsequently removed and placed into property , ' according to report , which does not identify the CHP employee tasked with that unfortunate evidence collection responsibility .
Ferrini is pictured at left in an El Dorado County Sheriff 's Office mug shot snapped following his April 7 arrest .
( 3 pages )
Why I Give My 9 - year - old Pot
by Marie Myung - Ok Lee
He has autism and a medical marijuana license .
Marie Myung - Ok Lee teaches at Brown University and is the author of the novel Somebody ’s Daughter , and is a winner of the Richard Margolis award for social justice reporting .
Question : why are we giving our nine - year - old a marijuana cookie ?
Answer : because he can’t figure out how to use a bong .
My son J has autism .
He ’s also had two serious surgeries for a spinal cord tumor and has an inflammatory bowel condition , all of which may be causing him pain , if he could tell us .
He can say words , but many of them — ” duck in the water , duck in the water ” — do n’t convey what he means .
For a time , anti-inflammatory medication seemed to control his pain .
But in the last year , it stopped working .
He began to bite and to smack the glasses off my face .
If you were in that much pain , you ’d probably want to hit someone , too .
J ’s school called my husband and me in for a meeting about J’s tantrums , which were affecting his ability to learn .
The teachers were wearing tae kwon do arm pads to protect themselves against his biting .
Their solution was to hand us a list of child psychiatrists .
Since autistic children like J ca n’t exactly do talk therapy , this meant sedating , antipsychotic drugs like Risperdal — Thorazine for kids .
Last year , Risperdal was prescribed for more than 389,000 children — 240,000 of them under the age of 12 — for bipolar disorder , ADHD , autism , and other disorders .
Yet the drug has never been tested for long - term safety in children and carries a severe warning of side effects .
From 2000 to 2004 , 45 pediatric deaths were attributed to Risperdal and five other popular drugs also classified as “ atypical antipsychotics , ” according to a review of FDA data by USA Today .
When I canvassed parents of autistic children who take Risperdal , I did n’t hear a single story of an improvement that seemed worth the risks .
A 2002 study specifically looking at the use of Risperdal for autism , in the New England Journal of Medicine , showed moderate improvements in “ autistic irritation ” — but if you read more closely , the study followed only 49 children over eight weeks , which , researchers admitted , “ limits inferences about adverse effects . ”
We met with J’s doctor , who ’d read the studies and agreed : No Risperdal or its kin .
The school called us in again .
What were we going to do , they asked .
As a sometimes health writer and blogger , I was intrigued when a homeopath suggested medical marijuana .
Cannabis has long - documented effects as an analgesic and an anxiety modulator .
Best of all , it is safe .
The homeopath referred me to a publication by the Autism Research Institute describing cases of reduced aggression , with no permanent side effects .
Rats given 40 times the psychoactive level merely fall sleep .
Dr. Lester Grinspoon , an emeritus professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School who has been researching cannabis for 40 years , says he has yet to encounter a case of marijuana causing a death , even from lung cancer .
A prescription drug called Marinol , which contains a synthetic cannabinoid , seemed mainstream enough to bring up with J’s doctor .
I cannot say that with a few little pills , everything turned around .
But after about a week of playing around with the dosage , J began garnering a few glowing school reports : “ J was a pleasure have in speech class , ” instead of “ J had 300 aggressions today . ”
But J tends to build tolerance to synthetics , and in a few months , we could see the aggressive behavior coming back .
One night , I went to the meeting of a medical marijuana patient advocacy group on the campus of the college where I teach .
The patients told me that Marinol could n’t compare to marijuana , the plant , which has at least 60 cannabinoids to Marinol ’s one .
Rhode Island , where we live , is one of 13 states where the use of medical marijuana is legal .
But I was resistant .
My late father was an anesthesiologist , and compared with the precise drugs he worked with , I know he would think marijuana to be ridiculously imprecise and unscientific .
I looked at my son ’s tie - dye socks ( his avowed favorite ) .
At his school , I was already the weirdo mom who packed lunches with organic kale and kimchi and would n’t let him eat any “ fun ” foods with artificial dyes .
Now , I ’d be the mom who shunned the standard operating procedure and gave her kid pot instead .
But then I thought back to when J was 18 months old .
We were vacationing on the Cape , and , while he just had the slightest hitch in his gait , I was sure there was something wrong .
His pediatrician laughed .
I called back repeatedly until a different doctor agreed to see us .
J was taken into emergency surgery , to remove a tumor that was on the verge of inflicting irreparable damage .
Sometimes , you just have to go with your gut .
And yet , I still hesitated .
The Marinol had been disorienting enough — no protocol to follow , just trying varying numbers of pills and hoping for the best .
Now we were dealing with an illegal drug , one for which few evidence - based scientific studies existed precisely because it is an illegal drug .
But when I sent J’s doctor the physician ’s form that is mandatory for medical marijuana licensing , it came back signed .
We underwent a background check with the Rhode Island Bureau of Criminal Identification , and J became the state ’s youngest licensee .
Having a license , however , is different from having access to marijuana .
While California has a network of “ compassion centers , ” basically pharmacy - like storefronts that provide quality product from registered growers , Rhode Island ’s Republican governor has consistently vetoed that idea , in spite of the local stories of frail patients being mugged in downtown Providence as they go in search of pot .
We were n’t about to purchase street marijuana , which could be contaminated with other drugs , so we looked into growing the pot ourselves .
But by law , medical marijuana must be grown indoors , and it requires a separate room with a complex system of hydroponics , fans , and precise lighting schedules .
( This made me wonder how much THC was actually in the spindly plants the high school goofballs I knew grew in their closets ) .
The coordinator of our patient group introduced us to a licensed grower .
A recent horticulture school graduate , he ’d figured out how to cultivate marijuana using a custom organic soil mix .
His e-mail signature even quoted Rudolph Steiner .
The grower arrived at our house with a knapsack containing jars of herbs .
We opened the jars to sniff the different strains of “ bud ” — Blueberry , which did smell fleetingly of wild blueberries , and Sour Diesel , which had a rich , winey scent .
The grower also had cured some leaves for tea , and he brought a glycerine tincture , a marijuana distillate in olive oil ( yes , organic ) , cookies ( ditto ) , and a strange machine that looked , fittingly , like a lava lamp .
Basically an almost - bong , this vaporizer heated the cannabis without producing carcinogenic smoke .
For most adults , the vaporizer is the delivery method of choice , as it allows the patient to feel the effects immediately and adjust the dose precisely .
J gamely put his mouth on the valve and let us squeeze a little smoke into him .
It shot right back out his nose .
He looked like Puff the Magic Dragon .
The grower left us with a month ’s worth of marijuana tea , glycerine , and olive oil — and a cookie recipe .
No buds .
We paid $ 80 .
( Granted , we have n’t checked up on how much a nickel bag costs these days . )
We made the cookies with the marijuana olive oil , starting J off with half a small cookie , eaten after dinner .
J normally goes to bed around 7:30 p.m. ; by 6:30 he declared he was tired and conked out .
We checked on him hourly .
As we anxiously peeked in , half - expecting some red-eyed ogre from Reefer Madness to come leaping out at us , we saw instead that he was sleeping peacefully .
Usually , his sleep is shallow and restless .
J also woke up happy .
But in a few days , J decided he did n’t like the cookie anymore and smashed it with his fist .
We brewed him the tea , which smelled funky and grassy .
He slurped it down , but without much effect .
Many of the psychoactive compounds in marijuana are fat soluble , so I added a dropperful of the oil that we used in the cookies .
That made him sleepy - looking but still aggressive .
It became clear that when J ingested pot orally , it took two hours to see the results , and by then there was n’t much we could do to dial the dose up or down .
The grower visited us again to give J another try at the bong , with little success .
But it was also possible that J needed a little time to get off the Marinol .
After two weeks , we noticed a slight but consistent lessening of aggression .
And he was n’t nervously chewing holes in his shirts .
We are now a month or so into this , and it ’s still too early to know if we can find a dose and mode of delivery that gives us consistent results .
Even if J could learn to use the vaporizer , it costs $ 600 , and would leave the house reeking of pot .
And we do n’t want to get too dependent , because of the inherent limitations .
Though we ’d love to calm J with pot so that he can visit his grandmother in Minnesota , bringing a controlled substance on the plane is n’t the best idea .
But since we started him on his “ special tea , ” J ’s little face , which is sometimes a mask of pain , has softened .
He smiles more .
For the last year , his individual education plan at his special - needs school was full of blanks , recording “ no progress ” because he spent his whole day an irritated , frustrated mess .
Now , April ’s report shows real progress , including “ two community outings with the absence of aggressions . ”
The big test , so far , has been a visit from Grandma .
The last time she came , over Christmas , J hit her during a tantrum .
This time , we gave him his tea , mixing it with goji berries to mask any odor , although it occurs to me that my mother , a Korean immigrant , probably does n’t even know what pot smells like ( and it actually smells a lot like ssuk , a Korean medicinal herb ) .
She remarked that J seems calmer .
As we were preparing for a trip to the park , J disappeared , and we wondered if he was going to throw one of his tantrums .
Instead , he returned with Grandma ’s shoes , laying them in front of her , even carefully adjusting them so that they were parallel and easy to step into .
He looked into her face , and smiled .
When I think of the embarrassment I may feel if my colleagues see this article , or teachers or parents at J ’s school , or his less open - minded doctors , I pause .
Although I occasionally smoked pot as a teenager ( believe me , in northern Minnesota , there was not much else to do ) , now that I ’m a law - abiding adult , all the scary anti-drug messages are flashing in my brain .
But when I researched cannabis the way I did conventional drugs , it seemed clear to me that marijuana at the very least would n’t harm J , and might help .
It ’s strange , I ’ve come to think , that the virtues of such a useful and harmless botanical have been so clouded by stigma .
Even the limited studies that have been done suggest marijuana ’s potential as an adjunctive therapy for cancer .
Marijuana , you need some rebranding .
Maybe a cool new name .
Meanwhile , in treating J with pot , we are following the law — and the Hippocratic oath : primum , non nocere .
First , do no harm .
The drugs that our insurance would pay for — and that the people around us would support without question — pose real risks to children .
For now , we ’re sticking with the weed .
Why I Give My 9 - Year - Old Pot , Part II
Originally Posted : Monday , October 5 , 2009 5:31 pm
Last spring , I wrote about applying for a medical marijuana license for my autistic , allergic 9 - year - old son , J. , in hopes of soothing his gut pain and anxiety , the roots of the behavioral demons that caused him to lash out at others and himself .
After reading studies of how cannabis can ease pain and worry , and in consultation with his doctor , we decided to give it a try .
A month into daily cannabis tea and mj- oil cookies ( my husband discovered his inner baker ) , I reported , we both felt that J. seemed happier .
But it was hard to tell .
He ’d have a good morning , then at dinner he ’d throw his food .
Still , we did notice that when he came home from school with stomach pain ( he was n’t getting any supplemental cannabis there ) , he ’d run to the kitchen and demand his tea and cookie .
As if he knew this was the stuff that dulled the hellish gut pangs .
How is J. doing now , four months into our cannabis experiment ?
Well , one day recently , he came home from school , and I noticed something really different :
He had a whole shirt on .
Pre-pot , J. ate things that were n’t food .
There ’s a name for this : pica .
( Pregnant women are known to pica on chalk and laundry starch . )
J. chewed the collar of his T - shirts while stealthily deconstructing them from the bottom up , teasing apart and then swallowing the threads .
By the time I picked him up from the bus stop after school , the front half of his shirt was gone .
His pica become so uncontrollable we could n’t let him sleep with a pajama top ( it would be gone by morning ) or a pillow ( ditto the case and the stuffing ) .
An antique family quilt was reduced to fabric strips , and he even managed to eat holes in a fleece blanket — so much for his organic diet .
I started dressing him only in organic cotton shirts , but we could n’t support the cost of a new one every day .
The worst part was watching him scream in pain on the toilet , when what went in had to come out .
I had nightmares about long threads knotting in digestive organs .
( TMI ?
Welcome to our life ! )
Almost immediately after we started the cannabis , the pica stopped .
Just stopped .
J. now sleeps with his organic wool - and - cotton , hypoallergenic , temptingly chewable comforter .
He pulls it up to his chin at night and declares , “ I ’m cozy ! ”
Next , we started seeing changes in J.’s school reports .
His curriculum is based on a therapy called Applied Behavioral Analysis , which involves , as the name implies , meticulous analysis of data .
At one parent meeting in August ( J. is on an extended school year ) , his teacher excitedly presented his June - July “ aggression ” chart .
An aggression is defined as any attempt or instance of hitting , kicking , biting , or pinching another person .
For the past year , he ’d consistently had 30 to 50 aggressions in a school day , with a one - time high of 300 .
The charts for June through July , by contrast , showed he was actually having days — sometimes one after another — with zero aggressions .
More evidence : the bus .
For the last few years , the arrival of J.’s school bus had been the most traumatic and unpredictable moment of our day .
J. has run onto the bus and hit the driver in the face .
He has scuffled with the aides and tried to bite them .
His behavior brought out the worst in people :
One bus monitor ( we joked that her personality better suited her for a job at the local prison ) seemed to dislike all the kids but treated him with particular contempt , even calling him names , once in front of us .
But the summer brought a new set of aides and driver .
It hit me that these folks knew only “ Cannabis J. ” — a sparkly - eyed boy who says hi to them each morning , goes quietly to his seat , even tries to help put his snap - on harness on .
One day , J. ’s regular aide was sick , and a lady with a wacky smile lovingly escorted J. off the bus .
There was something familiar about her ; once I superimposed a hateful frown on her face , I burst out to my husband , as the bus snorted away , “ It was her , was n’t it ? ”
We laughed as J. looked on .
“ Funny ! ” he said .
There ’s a twist to the happy marijuana story , though .
While the cannabis has eased J.’s most overwhelming problem , his autism has become more distinct .
As the school data show , his aggressive behavior is far less frequent , but his outbursts — vocalizations that include screams , barking , yips of happiness — remain .
When J. was in his dark phase , we spent our time out of sight , out of mind , inside our house with a screeching , violent , food - and - dish - flinging J .
The sounds were contained by double - paned windows ( when they were n’t broken ) .
Now , within our family , we ’ve reached a lovely homeostasis : household goods unbroken , our arms and J.’s face unscratched .
But as we venture outside to play in the yard , take after - dinner walks , or ride with J. on our tandem bike , we can see that the people in the neighborhood know our family is different , and that this is not always to their liking .
Our closest neighbors ( on one side , we could probably pass them a pie from our kitchen ) have always been understanding .
But on the next street , a man stops playing ball with his son when he sees us , and pushes his boy into the house as we approach , turning his back on J.’s cheery “ hel - llooo ! ”
He is the man we suspect yells at us — from behind other houses , so we ca n’t see him — when J. sometimes vocalizes a bit loudly outside .
Then there ’s the mom with the son about J.’s age ( who , incidentally , sounds exactly like J. when he screams ) .
She wo n’t make eye contact when we pass , and pointedly ignored a party invitation from us .
I ’ve also heard , from behind a fence of a family who stares at us but never says hi , “ Oh , that ’s J . ”
And so sometimes we feel a bit the victims of a 21st - century shunning .
In the larger context , however , these are small annoyances from small people .
The chair of my department invites J. to her yard so he can play in her outdoor pool and lets him vocalize to her neighbors , who do not complain .
A mini-gang of too - cool teen boys walks by our short fence after school and always greets J. sincerely , as he calls out adoringly , “ Hi , hi , HIIIIIIIIII ! ” I am grateful that the cannabis has given J. the chance to get out and experience life .
If it sometimes punches him back , it also offers him flowers .
I do n’t consider marijuana a miracle cure for autism .
But as an amateur herbalist , I do consider it a wonderful , safe botanical that allows J. to participate more fully in life without the dangers and sometimes permanent side effects of pharmaceutical drugs ; now that we have a good dose and a good strain .
( “ White Russian ” — a favorite of cancer patients , who also need relief from extreme pain ) .
Free from pain , J. can go to school and learn .
And his violent behavior wo n’t put him in the local children ’s psychiatric hospital — a scenario all too common among his peers .
A friend whose child was once diagnosed with autism , but no longer ( he attends school at his grade level and had three developmental assessments showing he no longer merits the diagnosis ) , wanted to embark on a kind of karmic mission to help other children .
After extensive research , she landed on cannabis the way I had .
“ It has dramatic implications for the autism community , ” she says , and it ’s true .
We have pictures of J. from a year ago when he would actually claw at his own face .
None of the experts had a clue what to do .
That little child with the horrifically bleeding and scabbed face looks to us now like a visitor from another world .
The J. we know now does n’t look stoned .
He just looks like a happy little boy .
And cannabis still can surprise us .
We worried that “ the munchies ” would severely aggravate J.’s problems with overeating in response to his stomach pangs .
Instead , the marijuana seems to have modulated these symptoms .
Perhaps the pain signals from his stomach were coming through as hunger .
J. still can get overexcited if he likes a food too much , so sometimes when he ’s eating my husband and I leave the room to minimize distractions .
The other day , we dared to experiment with doenjang , a fermented tofu soup that he used to love as a baby .
The last time we tried it , a year ago , he ’d frisbeed the bowl against a tile wall .
( Oh , smelly doenjang soup and the million ways it can make a mess . )
We left J. in the kitchen with his steamy bowl and went to the adjoining room .
We waited .
We heard the spoon ding against the bowl .
Satisfied slurpy noises .
Then a strange noise that we could n’t identify .
A chkka chkka chkkka bsssshhht doinnng !
We returned to the kitchen , half expecting to see the walls painted with doenjang .
Everything was clean .
The bowl and spoon , however , were gone .
J. had taken his dishes to the sink , rinsed them , and put them in the dishwasher — something we ’d never shown him how to do , though he must have watched us do it a million times .
In four months , he ’d gone from a boy we could n’t feed to a boy who could feed himself and clean up after .
The sight of the bowl , not quite rinsed , but almost , was one of the sweetest sights of my parental life .
I expect more to come .
EUROPEAN MONETARY FUND : THE EU authorities are seeking power to set detailed guidelines for public sector pay in member states as they advance plans to create a European Monetary Fund ( EMF ) to prop up governments at risk of sovereign default .
The development follows months of pressure on the euro amid anxiety about the Greek budget deficit and the potential for contagion in the single currency zone .
It comes as high - level officials in key European institutions apply discreet pressure on Germany for moves to enhance the “ credibility ” of the euro system .
Although the precise parameters of an EMF plan remain subject to negotiation , the scheme would in essence create a lender of last resort within the EU .
However , sources briefed on the discussions said assistance would come at a very steep cost to participating countries .
Still under discussion is the extent to which this can be done without breaching the no-bailout clause in EU law .
While a spokesman for EU economics commissioner Olli Rehn declined to say whether the EU treaties would have to be changed to proceed with such a plan , other officials believe no change would be required .
However , Dr Merkel said treaty changes would be required .
“ Such a fund can not be created without treaty changes , ” said Dr Merkel .
“ If the EU wants to remain capable of acting , it will keep encountering situations where the Lisbon Treaty can not be the end of history .
“ The EU has to be able to react to the challenges of the time , ” she said .
“ We thought we would n’t need such a facility from the euro zone because we assumed that such a situation would not come to pass in the common currency area . ”
Dr Merkel said yesterday in Berlin that the Greek crisis had changed her mind in favour of greater EU oversight of euro zone member states ’ economies .
The European Commission is rapidly proceeding with a plan to advance the reach of its economic monitoring system .
Informed sources said the EU executive was likely to demand a say in this process over public sector pay , a crucial but contentious component of public expenditure .
Dr Merkel said the time had come for euro zone members to agree to share greater financial data than at present to allow closer scrutiny from the EU statistics agency , Eurostat , as well as other euro zone members .
The reform measures are being prepared in a looming overhaul of the euro zone rulebook in an effort to prevent any repeat of the financial emergency in Greece .
German officials have complained about insufficient and incorrect information supplied by Greece to Eurostat , although Dr Merkel said yesterday her suggestions were not directed at Greece which , she said , had yet to ask for financial assistance .
The new measures would strengthen the co-ordination and surveillance of “ budgetary discipline ” in the single currency area .
While public pay cuts have proved highly controversial in Ireland , the sources pointed out that pay cuts adopted last week by the Greek government were introduced at the behest of the European authorities .
EU economics commissioner Olli Rehn , who says the Greek case illustrates the requirement for tougher economic supervision by the EU executive , will lean on a key clause in the Lisbon Treaty to revise the rules that govern the euro .
The clause in question – article 136 – empowers EU governments to adopt “ measures specific ” to euro members “ to set out economic policy guidelines for them ” .
National governments have no veto in such cases to prevent the adoption of such measures .
“ There is a clear opportunity in political terms to do this and do this now , ” said a source briefed on the plan .
The commission ’s decision to embark down this road follows threats by EU finance ministers to impose new austerity policies on Greece if the administration of prime minister George Papandreou did not adopt drastic new measures .
Mr Papandreou yielded to such pressure last week , introducing new cutbacks and tax - raising measures last week .
sales of milk in plastic bags have " sky- rocketed " at Sainsbury 's since the supermarket rolled out the product nationally in February .
Britain's third - biggest grocer said sales of the two - pint bags , which use 75 per cent less packaging than standard plastic milk bottles , had soared to 110,000 a week .
They now account for 10 per cent of all sales of two - pint packs of semi-skimmed milk – twice as many as Sainsbury 's had forecast .
Emma Metcalf - King , the grocer 's senior dairy buyer , said : " Sales have far exceeded our expectations . "
The uplift in volumes of Sainbury 's own - label milk in plastic bags could potentially usher in a new era in retailing of the liquid .
Glass milk bottles were introduced by Express Dairies in 1880 , although they have long since been overtaken by plastic cartons , and other countries , including Canada , China and India have used bags for milk for years .
However , Waitrose scrapped a similar trial of milk in plastic bags earlier this year owing to disappointing sales .
The commitment of the rest of the grocery industry is unclear .
Sainsbury 's is considering rolling bags out across its milk ranges and in different sizes .
It sells milk in a bag for 80 p – 6 p less than the same size milk carton – because it uses less packaging and is cheaper to produce .
The milk bags are part of a drive by Sainsbury 's , which has 828 shops , to reduce its packaging by a third by 2015 .
It has estimated that switching to bags could save up to 1.4 million kilograms of plastic a year .
It first introduced the bags in 2008 but introduced them in all of its stores in February .
Sainsbury 's said the bags , which are made from strong , low density polyethylene , had been put through extensive testing to ensure durability , and no customers had complained about bags splitting .
Customers buy milk bags for the first time with a reusable jug , which costs £ 1.98 .
Subsequently , shoppers just pop a bag in their trolley or basket .
The bag fits into the Jugit container , which contains a spike that pierces the bag , forms a no - leak seal and pours milk through a spout .
To drive awareness , Sainsbury 's plans to give away 400,000 free jugs next month .
The grocer also gave 150,000 jugs to staff in February so they could explain usage to customers .
However , Waitrose phased out its milk bags a few months ago after launching them nationwide in 2007 .
A spokeswoman said : " We have taken the decision to stop selling milk in jugs and pouches as poor demand has led to high levels of milk being wasted .
Editor 's Note : CNN's Jim Acosta takes you inside the Tea Party movement and sits down with those who started it to talk about the factions within the movement and the first ever ' Tea Party Convention . '
Tomorrow on American Morning , they were behind Scott Brown 's upset win in Massachusetts and now they have their sights set on the Senate race between Florida Governor Charlie Crist and tea party darling Marco Rubio in the Republican primary .
By Jim Acosta , CNN
Take recession - raging conservatives and independents , add a Democrat to the White House , and you get the tea party .
And there 's more brewing in this rebellion against bailouts and big government than just Scott Brown 's Tea Party - infused upset in the Massachusetts Senate race .
" This was a major victory in what I would call the 2nd American Revolution , " says Mark Meckler .
Mark Meckler and Jenny Beth Martin , founders of the “ Tea Party Patriots , ” want this movement to blow the lid off Capitol Hill in this year 's elections .
They plan to back candidates who stand for tea party principles .
It does n't matter if it 's a Republican or Democrat standing in the way .
“ I think that if it had been John McCain the same thing would have happened .
I truly believe it , ” says Martin .
In one year , the Tea Party has gone viral – from dozens to now hundreds of loosely linked groups around the country .
But Meckler and Martin do n't tell them what to do .
That 's not the Tea Party way .
" It 's all bottom up .
I mean , the real deal is that there are millions of leaders out there leading this movement , " says Meckler .
There may be leaders in the Tea Party movement , but nobody is in charge .
Rival groups from Washington , D.C. to Sacramento , California are battling over who will carry the Tea Party banner .
And that fight has some tea partiers feeling hung - over .
“ I do n't think the Tea Party knows what 's happening to the Tea Party , " says Jim Knapp .
Knapp , a Sacramento Tea Party activist , fears the movement is about to be hijacked by one of the established parties .
" I do n't think there 's any question the GOP has their tentacles into the Tea Party , " he says .
Knapp points to the “ Tea Party Express , " the conservative bus tour that crisscrossed the country last year .
It 's run right inside a Republican political consulting firm .
“ I think what you 'll find with a lot of the people at Tea Party rallies , many are Republicans themselves .
Us included , ” says Joe Wierzbicki , who runs the Tea Party Express .
After spending $ 350,000 to air pro-Scott Brown campaign ads , these Republican consultants argue the Tea Party 's home is the GOP .
" The people who formed this movement need a major political party , " says Wierzbicki .
The movement 's future is on the agenda at the Tea Party 's first convention , set for this week .
But , even with Tea Party favorite Sarah Palin headlining the convention , it 's being boycotted by some Tea Party activists , scoffing at the $ 550 admission fee .
" It was n't the kind of grassroots organization that we are .
So we declined to participate , " says Meckler .
Despite all that infighting , it 's clear the Tea Party is on a roll .
Where it rolls is anybody 's guess .
The big question ahead for this movement is whether it evolves into a third political party .
That idea is being advanced by tea partiers who are disgusted with the Republican Party .
But GOP operatives point out that third political parties rarely win .
Say Noah to climate change
By Tom Toles
***
The Fee-bag Party
One more thing among the myriad that I do n't get .
Air passengers in open revolt over fees on baggage .
Somewhere along the way it came to be understood as another of our constitutional rights that you can pack the entire contents of your garage into your luggage and the airline will carry it for no charge .
Fierce disciples of the free market suddenly start vibrating with anger when a carrier decides how it wants to price its service .
It 's a little like getting mad at a restaurant for not having one all - you - can - eat price .
No , it 's EXACTLY like that .
The really strange thing is that baggage is hardly an arbitrary place for pricing .
Weight is a significant cost to flying a plane .
Nor is it a place in which the consumer is helpless .
Pack less , pay less !
Did you REALLY need to bring that fire hydrant ?
What about fees for carry - on items ?
Does ANYONE enjoy the 20 minutes of slow - motion overhead bin Tetris before the plane takes off ?
It 's NOT gouging .
Airlines are not making off with giant profits .
It 's not nickel and diming .
It 's straightforward and logical fee for service .
Right ?
-- Tom Toles
***
Here below you will find useful notes about this tool , left by other users .
You are welcome to add your own useful notes here , or edit any existing notes to improve or extend them .
As the scale of the spending cuts comes into focus with the penetrating report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies , there should be concerns about the amount to be cut from legal aid in criminal cases and savings made in the courts , particularly on jury trials .
Despite the absence of a government spending review , it is clear that there are going to be huge cuts in the money available to make certain that justice is done .
Already the government has announced a 13.4 % cut in fixed - fee rates from criminal defences , a point keenly felt by lawyers who know about the £ 130 m spent by Jack Straw 's Justice Department on refurbishment and the £ 3 m bill for furniture and artwork .
The Financial Times suggests that Labour and the Conservatives have resolved to use jury trial far less and rely on magistrates to make use of powers that allow them to hear so - called " triable either way cases " .
This would mean that magistrate would deal with a larger number of cases that otherwise might be referred up to jury trials in the crown court .
Straw says that up to a third of the 60,000 " either way " cases heard by the court in 2007 could have been dealt with by magistrates .
The Tories probably have about the same number in mind .
One way or another , trial by jury is going to suffer because of financial expediency but also , I suspect , because of the modern belief , so common in the government – and now , it seems , in the Conservative party – that a charge is an indicator of guilt .
Yet there is no question that justice is better served by a jury trial , which has been a defining part of English culture and democracy since the civil war .
The load on magistrates will be greatly increased by this policy , especially as courts are already being closed at an alarming rate .
The Ministry of Justice has announced the closure of 20 magistrates ' courts , which clearly puts paid to the idea of justice being seen to be done locally .
According to the FT , the number of magistrates ' courts had been halved since 1979 .
The more important part of this story is the attack on the £ 2.1 m legal aid budget , which means the hourly rate for representation in criminal cases is about to fall dramatically .
The paper quotes figures which show a fall from £ 50 - £ 35 to about £ 27 - 35 per hour .
The effect of this will be to reduce the number of lawyers who are prepared to put up with the hours and all night duties in often quite trying conditions , not least of which is the new virtual court system that does not allow the lawyer to appear with their client in the same room as magistrates .
The legal aid budget will be cut and the quality of justice on offer in Britain will be diminished , because while the police are regarded as a frontline service , justice is not .
This is another part of Labour 's wonderful legacy to Britain .
I do n't think the crisis that will occur in the next couple of years can be simply blamed on current economic pressures .
The waste in public spending over the last 13 years has been atrocious .
When Alan Johnson defended CCTV at a Labour event , I noticed that there was no mention of the £ 500 m spent on CCTV between 1996 and 2006 , or the fact , now established in academic surveys , official figures and the statements of senior Metropolitan police officers that CCTV has marginal impact on crime , and is most effective in car parks .
Two years ago Detective Chief Inspector Mick Neville , the head of the Met 's Visual Images , Identifications and Detections Office ( Viido ) , said that criminals were not afraid of cameras .
He told a conference that the systems were an " utter fiasco " , with only 3 % of robberies being solved by CCTV .
Of course Labour has been hypnotised by the power of surveillance systems .
But now we are living in the real world , it must be clear that most of that £ 600 m would have been much better spent on supporting magistrates courts , legal representation and rehabilitation schemes .
NEW YORK - At a time when Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Governor David Paterson are putting forward budgets that slash programs proven to alleviate homelessness , the Department of Homeless Services is wasting millions of dollars on services that lack oversight , some of which are overtly illegal , according to recent audit of the DHS .
As the homelessness crisis gets worse , the DHS is paying slumlords as much as $ 4,836 per month , or $ 58,032 per year , in unregulated housing that likely would n’t even be considered safe were it to be inspected .
According to City Council Member Ydanis Rodriguez , D - Manhattan , the DHS “ must shape up if it is to provide real and valuable services to those who are being hit hardest by the recession . ”
Currently , the homeless rate in the city is at a record high , with 39,000 people in shelters .
At the same time , the annual State of the Homeless report , issued by the Coalition for the Homeless , Governor Paterson ’s state budget will slash a record $ 104 million from the city ’s adult shelters , homelessness prevention services and permanent housing .
“ Twenty years ago , when I started working at Coalition for the Homeless , we were bringing hot meals into the notorious welfare hotels , ” executive director of CFH Mary Brosnahan said at a press conference staged by city Comptroller John Liu , whose office conducted the audit .
“ There were countless press exposés on the conditions in those hellholes and a resounding cry went out to close those places .
New Yorkers across the political spectrum demanded that their tax dollars not be used to subsidize squalor . ”
But even though most people assume that the city “ has gotten out of the business of paying slumlords , ” she said , it continues “ to shelter vulnerable homeless children in horrible conditions - and it ’s us , the taxpayers , who are footing the bill . ”
According to the audit , the Department “ failed to monitor service providers , leaving individuals and families in hazardous , unsanitary and substandard conditions wrought with open violations . ”
In 2003 , when the local news exposed private landlords raking in huge amounts of taxpayer dollars to house people in squalid apartments , an outraged public demanded that the city stop both endangering families and throwing money at slumlords .
Bloomberg promised to do something .
The audit shows he has not .
Instead of signing contracts with service providers , DHS entered into “ handshake agreements , ” and paid providers , in open violation of the city ’s Administrative Code and the City Charter , from an agency bank account .
These payments to non-contracted providers accounted for $ 152.7 million to 107 providers .
Altogether , the agency only used 154 providers .
All told , 53 percent of units being used to house homeless families were not contracted .
Further , Liu ’s audit found that the agency made payments to some providers for no reason at all , and the amount paid per family , even to the same provider , Tilden Hall Family Residence , varied wildly between $ 810 and $ 4,836 per family each month .
In total , the agency paid $ 953,635 to this agency , “ using duplicate lists of clients and service dates and invented rates as ‘ data ’ to support and justify the payments . ”
In lieu of contracts , the agency used an “ honor system ” with its providers .
The service provider simply gave the DHS a list of fees and the agency paid it without checking .
The audit found duplicate payments amounting to $ 25,918 and $ 23,866 in payments for services that were likely never even rendered .
“ Who would go into business on an ‘ honor system ’ ? ” Comptroller Liu asked at the press conference .
“ How a city cares for its most vulnerable speaks volumes about its people , and we ’re better than what we show ourselves to be . ”
After issuing the results of the audit , which began under Liu ’s predecessor William Thompson , Liu said the DHS should systematize its dealings with service providers , enter into contracts with all of them , and pay for services based upon mutually agreed rates .
In order to ensure that the homeless are not being placed into dangerous dwellings , Liu suggested that the department should “ conduct unannounced periodic site inspections and interviews with clients and staff . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/yourdon/
/ CC BY -SA 2.0
Other people have crossed the border from politics to media to very good effect — George Stephanopoulos , Patrick Buchanan and Chris Matthews , to name a few — but the transition was far more gradual .
Ms. Palin turned on a dime and was a ratings sensation from the word go : her first paid appearance , as a commentator on “ The O’Reilly Factor ” on Jan. 12 , was good for an extra million viewers .
Her appeal does n’t stop at the red states .
When Ms. Palin stopped by to chat with Oprah Winfrey — not exactly friendly territory — the show achieved its biggest ratings in two years .
Ms. Palin did n’t go on the show to run for president as much as to become the next Oprah .
And it seems to be working .
So what are the rest of us missing ?
Back in September 2008 , when she was unveiled in St. Paul during the Republican convention , a longtime political reporter told me that her appeal would burn off over time .
I wondered about that .
I ’m from Minnesota , which is sometimes considered the southernmost tip of Alaska , and her way of speaking in credulous golly - gee may have been off - putting to some , but there is a kind of authenticity there that no image handler could conjure .
In Ms. Palin ’s America , everyone ’s got bootstraps ; they just need to have the gumption to find them .
And her version is full of plain old folks spending a lot of time overcoming a great deal , including a government that she posits usually intends to do them harm .
“ America is exceptional !
It ’s not her politicians that make her so ; it ’s her everyday people and the values Americans hold so dear , ” she said on her Facebook page , which , by the way , has 1.5 million fans .
She ’s also imported the political trick of coming from the outside and ruling from the center .
When she sets down the ear piece and leaves the studio lights , even the way she says the word “ media ” in her speeches — “ MEE - dee - uh ” — makes it sound like something yucky and foul , a swamp to be avoided at all costs .
Unless , of course , you are promoting a show , a book or a cause .
Many observers thought her unwillingness to serve out her term would be fatal to her ambitions , but the fact that governance did not suit her — she resigned as governor back in July — has become a kind of credential .
There are only two US media outlets that have reported on Cuba ’s response to the deadly 7.0 earthquake that hit Haiti .
One was Fox News , which claimed , wrongly , that the Cubans were absent from the list of neighboring Caribbean countries providing aid .
The other was the Christian Science Monitor ( a respected news organization that recently shut down its print edition ) , which reported correctly that Cuba had dispatched 30 doctors to the stricken nation .
The Christian Science Monitor , in a second article , quoted Laurence Korb , former assistant secretary of defense and now based at the Center for American Progress , as saying that the US , which is leading the relief efforts in Haiti , should “ consider tapping the expertise of neighboring Cuba , ” which he noted , “ has some of the best doctors in the world - - we should see about flying them in . ”
As for the rest of the US media , they have simply ignored Cuba .
In fact , left unmentioned is the reality that Cuba already had over 400 doctors posted to Haiti to help with the day - to - day health needs of this poorest nation in the Americas , and that those doctors were the first to respond to the disaster , setting up a hospital right next to the main hospital in Port - au - Prince which collapsed in the earthquake .
Far from “ doing nothing ” about the disaster as the right - wing propagandists at Fox - TV were claiming , Cuba has been one of the most effective and critical responders to the crisis , because it had set up a medical infrastructure before the quake , which was able to mobilize quickly and start treating the victims .
The American emergency response , predictably , has focussed primarily , at least in terms of personnel and money , on sending the hugely costly and inefficient US military - - a fleet of aircraft and an aircraft carrier - - a factor that should be considered when examining that $ 100 million figure the Obama administration claims is being allocated to emergency aid to Haiti .
Considering that the cost of operating an aircraft carrier , including crew , is roughly $ 2 million a day , just sending a carrier to Port - au - Prince for two weeks accounts for a quarter of the announced American aid effort , and while many of the military personnel sent there will certainly be doing actual aid work , delivering supplies and guarding supplies , many , given America ’s long history of brutal military / colonial control of Haiti , will inevitably be spending their time ensuring continued survival and control of the parasitic pro-US political elite in Haiti .
Otherwise , the US has basically ignored the ongoing day - to - day human crisis in Haiti , while Cuba has been doing the yeoman work of providing basic health care .
But that ’s not a story that the American corporate media want to tell .
_______
If you are visiting Prague , do n’t be surprised if you see this sculpture entirely made from keys .
Thousands of keys of different colors and sizes are used to create the sculpture shows the word ‘ Revoluce ’ which is a monument to a revolution that freed Czech Republic from communist rule .
This interesting sculpture can be found in Franz Kafka square in Prague .
The artists decided to make this sculpture from keys because people were using them to make noise while they were demonstrating against communist regime .
Source
We Recommend :
Since Johan Franzen has returned from his knee injury , the Red Wings have played 7 games and wrangled a record of 4 - 1 - 2 , picking up a total of 10 of 14 possible points .
Perhaps more importantly , the offense has picked and scored five goals in two straight games after not scoring more than 4 since the 7 - 4 win over Anaheim in mid November .
After the Franzen 's return , the Wings goals per game numbers have gone from 2.58 goals to 2.69 .
Does n't sound like much right ?
Considering how poor the scoring effort had been all season , it 's a considerable gain .
The shots on goal per game have gone from 32 .
6 to 33 per , a slight increase but looking at the shot charts , the middle of the ice has seemingly opened up for the Wings .
Opening the middle of the ice is important for Detroit in terms of setting up their once trademark passing plays that have been a rare occasion this season .
The power play has reached a respectable 19.4 % , 8th in the league , and has scored at least one goal in 6 of the 7 games and 2 goals on the advantage twice .
In short , he has added yet another weapon on the power play and with his net - front presence , he compliments Tomas Holmstrom pretty well .
Franzen alone has scored 5 ( 4 G , 1 A ) in the 7 games since he 's been back and has registered about 4 shots on goal per game .
Franzen also provides a boost to his linemates , Tomas Holmstrom and Pavel Datsyuk .
With opposing differences having to worry about yet another capable scorer on the ice , Datsyuk has had an exceptional couple of games since .
Datsyuk 's tallied 9 points ( 4 G , 5 A ) and has really started to show his passing and puck control in those games .
But perhaps it 's not all The Mule carrying the workload .
Detroit finally has a full line - up and no longer need to call on Todd Bertuzzi or Jason Williams to be primary scorers but can now allow them to work their roles as secondary scorers .
Henrik Zetterberg 's now able to center the second line instead of playing wing with Datsyuk .
That opens up the second line to benefit from Zetterberg 's playmaking abilities .
I 'm not trying to insinuate that Franzen 's the only factor in this recent surge by any means but rather the psychological gain that the team around him has gotten knowing that yet another big name is back in the line - up and another 30 goal scorer on the ice each night .
The Buddha ’s insight into the human condition is both immensely hopeful and immensely sobering .
Hopeful , because he sees the potential of every human being to be set free by skillful means that can liberate one from all suffering and bring true freedom and happiness .
And sobering , because as a good doctor , the compassionate Buddha understood just how serious the disease of the human condition is .
The Buddha ’s First Noble Truth , “ there is suffering , ” is n’t just a truism .
We all know there ’s suffering in human life .
The Buddha ’s unique insight is just how deep and complete that suffering is when we are bound up in craving , attachment , delusion , and all the negative perceptions , feelings , and emotions that arise from them .
From the standpoint of his enlightened , unbound mind , the Buddha declares that the problem of suffering is n’t a once - in - a - while thing .
It ’s an ever - present problem .
Even our happiness moments and joys are mixed with an underlying unsatisfactoriness , if only because human happiness and joys are so fleeting and impermanent .
They are dependent upon causes and conditions , and when those causes and conditions change , the “ happiness ” disappears or becomes unhappiness .
We Are All On Fire
If we are even a little awake , we have all noticed this lack of lasting satisfaction in all things human .
It ’s like our minds can never fully be satisfied or happy with anything .
Something ’s always missing .
We always want more .
We crave .
Even when we take great joy in something , in the background there ’s the sense that it will eventually pass away .
We want , and want , and want .
We are , in the Buddha ’s words , “ on fire . ”
Starting with the visual senses , he declares :
Bhikkhus , all is burning .
And what is all that is burning ?
Bhikkhus , the eye is burning , visible forms are burning , visual consciousness is burning , visual impression is burning , also whatever sensation , pleasant or painful or neither painful , nor pleasant , arises on account of the visual impression , that too is burning .
Burning with what ?
Burning with the fire of craving , with the fire of hate , with the fire of delusion ; I say it is burning with birth , aging and death , with sorrows , with lamentations , with pains , with grief ’s , and with despairs … .
The Adittapariyana Sutta – The Fire Sermon
The Buddha goes on to list how all of the physical sense , as well as our sense of body and our mind itself is “ on fire ” with craving , with clinging to that which can not make us happy .
We look for happiness where there is no happiness .
We look for permanence where there is no permanence .
We look for self — for “ me ” and “ mine ” — where there is no actual or permanent self or “ me ” or “ mine . ”
The problem is , we are so used to this craving condition , we usually do n’t even realize how complete the suffering is .
Often only when the more extreme forms of suffering appear do we becomes more conscious that we ’ve been burning all along !
Maybe it ’s a mercy that we ca n’t see the full depth of our suffering all the time .
The human mind protects itself from what it ca n’t bear , and there ’s both a kind of wisdom in this denial — and a great delusion and trap .
The trap is that we get so inured to our existential suffering , the suffering of just being , which John - Paul Satre wrote so movingly about , that we do n’t ever get to the root of the problem .
Instead , we are always running around putting out the obvious big fires that break out in our lives .
We are so busy trying to fix this and that problem that we do n’t see that we never going to be free of burning unless we understand the nature of the fire and the fuel that the fire of suffering feeds upon .
The Fuel the Fire Feeds On
The Buddha ’s profound insight is that the human mind feeds upon what he called the five clinging skandhas — form , feeling , perception , thought processes , and consciousness .
It ’s not that there anything inherently wrong with these five aspects of the human mind ; it ’s our craving and attachment and hunger for them that causes the suffering .
The fuel itself is neutral .
Indeed , we ’ll actually need to work skillfully with the skandhas in order to be free from being burned up by our misunderstanding of their true nature .
What “ ignites ” the skandhas is our insatiable craving — our insatiable hunger for form , for feeling , for perceptions , for thought processes , for consciousness itself .
Rather than the skandhas serving us in our humanity , we become slaves to them .
We live to consume , and we end up being consumed !
At its extreme , this insatiable hunger makes us like the fabled Buddhist metaphor of pretas , or “ hungry ghosts . ”
These pathetic beings are supposed to live off of emotions .
They have small mouths and huge stomachs and no matter how many emotions they eat , they can never be satisfied , because consuming emotions ca n’t satisfy !
The Buddha showed that the only way out of this dilemma is to come into a new relationship with what he called the clinging skandhas — the skandhas we cling to in the mistaken belief that they can bring happiness .
The insatiable hunger for what the skandhas themselves can never supply has to be replaced by what the Buddha called dispassion .
We stop burning up by letting go of what burns us — which is the clinging itself .
Dispassion is not Suicide of our Humanity !
As soon as Buddhism mentions dispassion , letting go , or non-attachment , people often start heading for the exits , so to speak .
What could be more unappealing than the idea of living a life without passion — without a love and joy for life , without zest and spirit ?
Does n’t passion give the “ juice ” to life ?
Is n’t passion the “ fire ” of life ?
Yes , “ passion , ” in the best sense of that word , can give a “ fire ” to life — a sense of exuberance and joy .
But have n’t we all also been terribly burned by the passions ?
Have n’t we all been burned by consuming or being consumed by our own or other people ’s appetites and needs and wants ?
Basically , it ’s this second sense of the word “ passion ” that the Buddha is aiming to extinguish , not natural joy and happiness that comes from a liberated relationship with the good and normal things of life .
In Buddhism , dispassion does not mean indifference .
Nor does it mean being “ blissed out ” or having emotional detachment and disassociation from life such as one finds in some forms of mental illness !
Rather , dispassion points to a freedom from the clinging , the “ stickiness , ” the grasping and insatiable hunger of our minds , which cause suffering in our relationship to all conditioned things .
Dispassion is n’t a state of mind we adopt vis a viz things so much as the peace that results from having liberated ourselves from believing that something that is impermanent , conditioned , or fabricated has the ability to make us truly happy or fulfilled .
To understand this kind of liberating dispassion , we have to get to know the human mind and how it really works .
We have to see how our clinging — our insatiable hunger to fill ourselves with form , feeling , perception , thought processes , and even consciousness itself — produces suffering .
Meditation in Buddhism enables us to look deeply into this process of clinging and “ burning ” and to see how we can let go of what fuels our suffering .
As we see how our clinging and attachment produce suffering , and how clinging and attachment can be let go of to attain lasting happiness , we wo n’t see dispassion as a negative thing , a deprivation .
Rather , we will see cultivating dispassion as the road to total freedom and happiness that is not dependent on anything .
To Put Out the Fire , We Have to Understand How Fires Work
So , the Buddha said , “ All is burning . ”
Is this true ?
Can you know that for yourself ?
Do you feel it ?
Much suffering is obvious , and perhaps the causes as well .
But many people “ burn ” without even knowing it , ignorant that they are on fire and burning up their lives and often the lives of others .
You might have to let your mind get very quiet and still to see the deeper and hidden causes of suffering .
What do you see if you look deeply into the causes of your own or another ’s suffering ?
What ignites the fire of suffering ?
What fuels suffering ?
Is there a way to put out the fire ?
Firefighters talk about the “ fire triangle ” or the “ combustion triangle . ”
Every fire needs at least three element : heat , fuel , and an oxidizing agent , usually oxygen .
Remove any one of these , and a fire wo n’t start .
Alas , for us , for now , we ca n’t get rid of the “ fuel ” of suffering .
There ’s always plenty of stuff around us that we could burn , or consume .
It ’s everywhere we look .
Even how we look at things can be fuel !
Our world and sense of being are defined by form , feeling , perception , thought processes , and consciousness .
And as I said before , we really do n’t want to eliminate these things , because we have need of the right use of them on the path to the total and final freedom that finally drops even the skandhas .
But we can do something about removing the “ heat ” and the “ oxygen ” that sets the skandhas on fire .
We can begin to remove the “ heat ” of craving , of clinging , of mindless attachment .
We can create an atmosphere in our minds that is n’t so reactive with the things our mind desperately grasps at and overheats with burning desire .
The Buddha invites you to demonstrate this for yourself .
He ’s not teaching a dogma , but offering insights we can test in the laboratory of our own meditation and loving - kindness practice .
Quenching the Fires to Find Lasting Happiness and Peace
Speaking for myself , as someone who , like you , is still on fire , but who has been able to quench some major conflagrations in my life , I can attest that this path of insight and loving - kindness brings an incredible sense of ease , calm , and peace .
I do n’t feel detached from life and my fellow human beings , but actually feel more present and more compassionate than ever .
Gaining equanimity and an unflappable peace of mind does n’t mean we ’ll never have problems or never experience pain and loss .
What fundamentally changes is how we experience these things .
The freer we are from self - made fires and suffering , the better able we are to deal with what comes our way with insight , wisdom , and loving - kindness .
We can care deeply about people and things without getting stuck to them and entangled by our own or their needfulness .
We are freer to give the kind of love that tenderly embraces others while also giving them space to be themselves .
Yes , we are all “ on fire , ” but there is a way to put the flames out and find a happiness that is real , indestructible , and that never passes away .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
A ( totally unconfirmed so far ) rumor has surfaced on the Professional Pilot Rumor Network that a British Airways 747 flight has suffered a twin engine failure over north UK , and was forced to divert for an emergency landing in Ostende , Belgium .
From the forum :
( unconfirmed ) 747 diversion with two engines shut down ?
Just heard that in the north of the uk a BA 747 has had a twin engine shut down , and diverted ?
From a mil source , but no further info , can anyone confirm or deny ?
Further details , landed in Ostend with engine damage ....
I cannot reveal sources for fear of reprisals in my line of work , but a 747 has definatly landed with engine damage in Ostend ....
As said , the original post was the first rumblings , all info since had come from a very well placed source .
Unsure on other details but it has impacted where I work , flying seems to have been halted again .
We will keep you updated as this rumor is either confirmed or denied .
Of course , should this prove true , the implications for further airspace shutdowns will be severe .
Update :
It appears that the airline in question is World Airways and the plane is a cargo MD - 11 :
It should be noted that the World Airways MD - 11 came from further afield , unloaded freight at Maastricht and then positioned at relatively low level ( probably somewhere between FL160 and FL220 ) to Ostend ( about 25 mins flying ) .
Business Insider picks up on this thread and posts an email exchange with the CEO :
Ratgeber Das verdienen Softwareentwickler in Deutschland : Aktuelle Gehälter aufgelistet
Softwareentwickler können selbst im Vergleich mit anderen IT - Berufen recht viel verdienen .
Die Corona - Pandemie scheint sie bisher wohl kaum zu betreffen .
EXCLUSIVE :
The path that winds from a screenwriter ’s mind to a finished film at the multiplex can begin in the most unlikely of places .
For Zach Dean , it started on a seemingly doomed flight .
In September 2005 , Dean , a high school teacher and struggling screenwriter , was sitting on JetBlue Flight 292 from Burbank to New York when news reports on the in - flight television system informed him and 138 other passengers that the plane ’s landing gear had malfunctioned , possibly preventing it from landing .
For more than two hours , he sat on the plane contemplating his mortality as it circled Southern California , burning fuel in the hopes of making a dangerous touchdown a little less risky should the aircraft catch fire .
By the time it finally landed — safely — at LAX , Dean had pledged to write a script about family .
The result of that high - altitude resolution is a screenplay called “ Kin , ” which Dean , 35 , finished last year .
Although the script ’s narrative suggests “ A Simple Plan ” or “ Bonnie & Clyde ” more than a feel - good family film — it ’s partly about a brother and sister who commit a robbery , kill a state trooper in rural Michigan and then are forced to go on the run — it touches on the themes of love and loyalty that raced through Dean ’s mind as he watched his fate play out on the in - flight video system .
“ The flight solidified what I think is important , and what ’s important affects what you write , ” Dean says .
( During the flight , he also resolved to have a child with his wife ; the couple now has a 2 - year - old daughter . )
In a turn sure to provide inspiration to hundreds of unknown screenwriters , “ Kin ” has been steadily gaining momentum in Hollywood and is now attracting some top names .
Stefan Ruzowitzky , director of the 2007 foreign - language Oscar winner , “ The Counterfeiters , ” has agreed to direct the film , and he and Dean have spent the last several months developing the script .
Meanwhile , 2929 Productions , the film financing and production entity run by Todd Wagner and Mark Cuban that has been behind movies including “ Good Night , and Good Luck ” and “ Two Lovers , ” has chosen the script as its point of reentry into the filmmaking business after a notable hiatus .
A financial company that San Francisco officials have used for more than a decade is suspected of stealing more than $ 1 million in city funds slated to help low - income residents make their homes safer , including money that pays for hazardous lead paint removal in buildings with children , court documents show .
City Attorney Dennis Herrera sued escrow firm Rehab Financial Corp. this week after learning the company had abruptly stopped answering its phones , shuttered its Huntington Beach ( Orange County ) office and drained bank accounts holding city funds .
The lawsuit filed Tuesday accuses the company of misappropriating several million dollars from San Francisco and at least a dozen other California cities .
" They 've been stealing it , " said Deputy City Attorney Don Margolis .
" They 've been stealing it and using it for their own purposes . "
Rehab Financial Corp.'s president , Belinda Exon , is the subject of a federal criminal probe into whether she was embezzling funds for her personal use , although Exon maintains she is cooperating with that investigation , according to city filings in San Francisco Superior Court .
Exon also " precipitously shut down " other businesses in Arizona and elsewhere that she owns or has a stake in , according to the city 's court filings .
Records link Exon to a landscaping company and a pool and spa business in Arizona .
Exon could not be reached .
Her attorney , Bob Bernstein , did not return a call seeking comment .
In a March 26 letter to Margolis , Bernstein wrote : " Rehab Financial Corporation is encountering certain financial difficulties and will be forced to cease its operations immediately . "
The letter went on to say , " no further payments will be issued . "
At the time , the company had about $ 1.1 million in San Francisco funds deposited by the Mayor 's Office of Housing .
Bank records show only $ 58,700 in the company 's accounts .
Herrera secured a court order Tuesday freezing at least eight bank accounts that Exon and three other employees named in the lawsuit - Barbara Wood , Cheryl Isaacson and Gayle Bloomingdale - have access to , records show .
Money held for programs
Rehab Financial Corp. is one of several escrow companies the Mayor 's Office of Housing used while administering four programs that provide grants or low - interest loans to make homes used by low - income residents safer .
The programs include removing lead - based paint , making the buildings accessible to people with disabilities , and completing deferred maintenance to bring homes up to current safety codes .
The city would deposit money with the escrow company , which was to disburse specific amounts to contractors at the city 's direction once the work was completed .
The city then would often be reimbursed by the state or federal department of Housing and Urban Development .
The alleged theft is particularly unwelcome news as the city grapples with bridging a $ 522 million budget deficit for next fiscal year .
Despite the disappearance of about $ 1 million , property owners using the programs should n't be immediately affected , said Doug Shoemaker , director of the Mayor 's Office of Housing .
" Our main goal , aside from trying to recover that money , is to ensure that there is not financial harm to any property owners , " Shoemaker said .
" We 're trying to make sure we have resources in place to make sure work can continue . "
Funds to be diverted
Other funds would be diverted to reimburse program participants until the city is reimbursed from the state or federal government , he said .
The missing funds were discovered after an employee for the city of Pomona ( Los Angeles County ) grew suspicious because Rehab Financial was not returning her calls and the company 's online account system was n't working , court documents show .
The employee went to Rehab Financial 's office on March 24 and found it closed .
Neighboring business tenants told the Pomona employee they had seen the escrow company 's staff moving office materials and other items out on March 20 , court filings show .
That was three days before San Francisco sent its most recent transfer - $ 73,705 - to Rehab Financial .
Two days later , all that remained of that transfer was $ 8,648 , even though the city had given no instructions for its disbursement .
" Despite the federal involvement in investigating defendant Exon 's wrongdoing , and ... Exon 's purported cooperation in the investigation ... defendants to this day persist in stealing San Francisco funds entrusted to them , " Margolis wrote in a court filing .
One of OpenOffice.org 's greatest strengths is its emphasis on styles .
Some users balk at styles , claiming they are restrictive , but no other feature repays a little organization with so much ease of use and saving of time .
Yet even those who are used to styles in Writer tend to overlook the styles used in other applications .
That is especially true of graphic styles .
Graphic styles are found in Draw and Impress .
They are to a drawing object what paragraph styles are to a block of text in Writer .
While you could simply copy and paste an oval primitive when you need another one , by creating a style , you allow yourself the option of modifying all the objects that use the style in a matter of seconds , rather than altering each one separately .
Each graphic style is divided into three main characteristics : Object characteristics , such as line and area ( color ) ; Diagramming characteristics , which are used when you create a chart or plan , and Font characteristics , such as typeface and alignment .
These characteristics are all spread over multiple tabs in the styles window .
There is also the Organizer tab , where you can name a style and set its parent style .
In addition , the Organizer tab includes a summary of all settings for the style , much like the one in WordPerfect , although at nine or ten lines , it can be intimidating to read or to attempt to locate any characteristic .
You are usually better off searching the tabs for a setting .
Object characteristics
Object characteristics are found on five tabs : Line , Dimensioning , Area , Color , and Transparency .
These tab names hide a wealth of options that greatly affect what you do .
For instance , the Line tab is primarily the place where you can set lines and arrows for diagrams .
There , you can choose from 12 different line styles ranging from invisible to continuous and fine dotted , as well as an assortment of arrows -- or line endings , as they might be more accurately called , since they include circles and squares as well as arrows .
However , the name of the tab also refers to the width of the line used to draw an object , so you can change the thickness of the line that shows a circle 's circumference on the tab as well .
Similarly , the area tab allows you to choose between fills : a solid color , a gradient , a cross - hatching or an image .
Select one of these options from the pull - down menu , and a different set of options appears .
In much the same way , Shadowing includes the controls to add a drop - shadow to the object ( a set of characteristics that should generally be used sparingly ) , while the Transparency tab allows you to set not only the percentage of transparency for the object , but also create a gradient on which the degree of transparency varies .
Diagram characteristics
If you want to show the relationships between two objects -- say the rectangles in a family tree or company organization chart -- you can use the connectors tool in the Drawing tool bar to connect them .
A connector can be positioned along the edge of any object , and changes size and shape as the objects are moved around , keeping them always connected .
You can edit connectors on the Connectors tab .
You can change the connector type to be straight or curved , and adjust the angle ( line skew ) or offset ( line spacing ) of all connectors that use the current style .
On other diagrams , you might want to use the default Dimension line to indicate the length of a line or object .
If you do , you can make fine adjustment from the Dimensioning tab , including setting the measurement and positioning the text for the dimension in relation to the line .
Font Characteristics
Font characteristics cover seven tabs .
Many of the tabs and their features resemble those you can find in Writer or Calc .
However , there is one major difference in graphic styles : their settings do not refer to ordinary text , but to graphical text -- the text created when you select the Text tool in the Drawing toolbar .
Unfortunately , what distinguishes graphical text from ordinary text is not explained anywhere in OpenOffice.org .
However , the main difference seems to be that ordinary text is entered in pre-existing spaces -- frames in Writer , cells in Calc , or slides in Impress -- and have more features available , including paragraph styles and letter kerning .
By contrast , graphical text acts like any object , and is easily moved around any type of document by selecting its frame and dragging the text around by its handles .
Nor does graphical text have some of the advanced features available for ordinary text .
That said , graphical text is more flexible than you might initially think -- so much so that you use it to make Draw an entry - level desktop publisher .
Some of these features , such as hyphenation , are available from the menus when graphical text is selected .
Most of them , though are listed in the graphical style tabs .
When you are working with graphical text , your first stop should be the Fonts tab .
From there , you can choose the weight and size of the text , as well as the language to use when you spell - check .
For anything more unusual , such as underlining or a drop shadow , or a font color that is anything other than the automatic black , go to the Font Effects tab .
For something really unusual , such as blinking text , your destination is the Fonts Animation tab .
After these tabs , you have a number of options .
For large blocks of text , you might want to go to alignment to set the position of text within its text frame , or to Indents and Spacing , which sets automatic spacing , such as an indentation of the first line of every paragraph or the space between paragraphs .
As an alternative to the Indents and Spacing settings , you might prefer to adjust Tabs in the tab set aside for them , remembering that the tabs are relative to the text frame , not to the page or the rest of a file 's contents .
For most users , these settings are enough .
However , if you want to tweak text with more precision , the Text tab contains settings to position text more accurately within its frame .
On the Text tab , you can set text to fit the width or height of the frame automatically , create margins between the frame and the text , or anchor the text to one of six positions on the frame .
Use what you need
Some of these settings , such as those on the Dimensioning and Connector tabs , are poorly documented in OpenOffice.org 's help , so you need to experiment with them , or search for detailed information about them in other office suites .
Another potential confusion is that most objects need only some of these characteristics .
Many objects do not need connector settings , and many uses of primitives do not require text .
But , fortunately , you can ignore the settings of any irrelevant characteristics , because they wo n't be visible .
Just set the features that are relevant to you and save them to a template if you plan to re-use them , and graphical styles can be almost as powerful as the character and paragraph styles you encounter in Writer .
Environmentalists ’ New UN Proposal – Put ‘ Ecocide ’ And ‘ Deniers ’ On Par With ‘ Genocide ’ And ‘ Crimes Against Humanity ’
By Anthony Kang
Britain ’s left - of - center daily – “ The Guardian ” – has reported that former international environmental lawyer Polly Higgins has launched a new campaign urging the United Nations and the International Criminal Court to deem environmental damage on par with genocide and crimes against humanity in international courts .
“ Supporters of a new ecocide law also believe it could be used to prosecute ‘ climate deniers ’ who distort science and facts to discourage voters and politicians from taking action to tackle global warming and climate change , ” Juliette Jowit , “ Guardian ’s ” environmental editor wrote April 9 .
“ Higgins makes her case for ecocide to join that list with a simple equation : extraction leads to ecocide , which leads to resource depletion , and resource depletion leads to conflict .
‘ The link is if you keep over - extracting from your capital asset we ’ll have very little left and we will go to war over our capital asset , the last of it , ’ adds Higgins , who has support in the UN and European commission , and among climate scientists , environmental lawyers and international campaign groups . ”
Among the “ 10 reasons why we need ecocide as the 5th international Crime Against Peace ” on Higgins ’ “ Thisisecocide ” website , number five states “ action can be taken against any individual .
As an international crime against peace , no - one escapes liability ” ( emphasis theirs ) . …
The existing definition of “ ecocide ” as described by Merriam - Webster is “ the destruction of large areas of the natural environment especially as a result of deliberate human action , ” but in order to make “ ecocide ” more conducive to prosecution and sidestep “ legal wrangling , ” Higgins ’ UN proposal plans to expand upon the definition .
“ The International Criminal Court was formed in 2002 to prosecute individuals for breaches of 4 Crimes Against Peace , ” the “ thisisecocide ” campaign site states .
“ They are : Genocide , Crimes Against Humanity , War Crimes and Crimes of Aggression .
A 5th crime against peace is proposed : The extensive destruction , damage to or loss of ecosystem (s ) of a given territory , whether by human agency or by other causes , to such an extent that peaceful enjoyment by the inhabitants of that territory has been severely diminished . ”
And as for all the accusations arguing environmentalists only care more about the earth – and see humans as the problem / enemy ?
Aside from the fact Polly Higgins is the founder of the “ Trees Have Rights Too ” website , and her group could care less about the fact that , “ Developing countries accused the rich world of trying to ‘ bully ’ the poorer nations into signing up to a weak deal by withholding aid “ :
“ Higgins is suggesting ecocide would include damage done to any species – not just humans , ” Jowit wrote .
“ This , she says , would stop prosecutions being tied up in legal wrangling over whether humans were harmed , as many environmental cases currently are : ‘ If you put in a crime that ’s absolute you ca n’t spend years arguing : you take a soil sample and if it tests as positive it ’s bang to rights . ' ”
Although Jowit noted how Higgins ’ UN proposal “ would have a profound effect on industries blamed for widespread damage to the environment like fossil fuels , mining , agriculture , chemicals and forestry , ” dissenting voices were not consulted for the story .
She closed with Higgins ’ opinion that although industries may oppose an “ ecocide ” law initially , adapting to the new UN law would not be a problem in the least .
“ Higgins hopes the UN ’s ‘ one member , one vote ’ system will help over - ride likely opposition of some nations and vested business interests , ” Jowit said .
“ She also believes many businesses favour clear regulation because they fear a future public backlash .
And she cites how , when the US entered world war two , its car manufacturers – despite initial opposition – made 10 times the number of aircraft originally asked for .
‘ It shows you how industry can turn around very fast . ' ”
Image via : villiagejournal.org
Anthony Kang contributes posts at the NewsBusters site .
Read more Great Articles at NewsBusters
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-08 09:54:02 #
2
+ Show Spoiler [ OLD INFO ] +
Quick note about Bisu .
He has returned to SKT but we are waiting until the lineups come out before estimating his price .
He will be available for selection as soon as lineups come out in the next few days , before PL starts this weekend .
Bisu has been added and is available for your teams .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
RainmanMP Profile Joined October 2007 United States 1698 Posts # 3
If there is no break then lineups should be out tonight at 13 kst but do n't quote me on that .
이영호 FIGHTING !
Die Hard KT Rolster and Flash fan .
FaCE_1 Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Canada 5472 Posts # 4
first draft .. will chagne 10 time
winner
Main Team
4 Baby
5 Kwanro
2 Pure
6 Really
6 ( captain )
4 Violet
3 Woongjin Stars
Anti Team
5 Roro
5 Skyhigh
3 YoonJoong w00t !!!!!! first draft .. will chagne 10 time Sea ( captain ) n_n
C0rrupt Profile Joined March 2010 United States 57 Posts # 5
Fun fun fun
The corruption has begun
KwarK Profile Blog Joined July 2006 United States 36676 Posts # 6
After years of being confused about what exactly Fantasy Proleague involved I 've finally decided to give it a try .
And put JD on my antiteam !
Moderator
The angels have the phone box
snowdrift Profile Blog Joined February 2009 France 2061 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-06 16:54:14 #7
I assume that a player on your anti also scores against you if his team wins , in the same way that a main team player will score in your favor if his team wins ?
NaDa .
Our Lord and sAviOr shall return .
Learn to nydus you scrub
aeroH Profile Blog Joined February 2009 United States 1034 Posts # 8 yeah i think i'll try it .
although i'll probably pick my team and never look at it again till the end
C0rrupt Profile Joined March 2010 United States 57 Posts # 9 On April 07 2010 01:49 KwarK wrote :
After years of being confused about what exactly Fantasy Proleague involved I 've finally decided to give it a try .
And put JD on my antiteam !
JD on Anti Team O_O JD on Anti Team O_O
The corruption has begun
Katsuge Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Singapore 7083 Posts # 10 On April 07 2010 01:49 KwarK wrote :
After years of being confused about what exactly Fantasy Proleague involved I 've finally decided to give it a try .
And put JD on my antiteam !
ballsy .. ballsy .. 김태연 | 정은지 | ﻿아이유 | 한효주 | 이민 정 < 3 - | ||- 소녀시대 에이핑크 사랑해 !
intrigue Profile Blog Joined November 2005 Washington , D.C 9898 Posts # 11 273 points baby , world record !!
Moderator https://soundcloud.com/castlesmusic/sets/oak
Kyuukyuu Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Canada 6262 Posts # 12 QQ
Main Team
2 FireFist
3 ForGG
5 Free
6 Jangbi
6 ( captain )
5 Skyhigh
3 Woongjin Stars
Anti Team
4 Hoejja
4 Mind
5 Roro
not sure about jangbi / skyhigh and lolroro Sea ( captain ) not sure about jangbi / skyhigh and lolroro
BrownBear Profile Joined March 2010 United States 3632 Posts # 13 Brown Bears
Main Team
4 ( captain )
3 Best
2 Canata
3 ForGG
8 Light
7 Zero
3 WeMade FOX
Anti Team
4 Movie
2 PerfectMan
7 Stork
Stork on anti-team is a fairly big gamble .
I guess we 'll see .
Baby ( captain ) Stork on anti-team is a fairly big gamble .
I guess we 'll see .
SUNSFANNED
Shotcoder Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 2006 Posts # 14 Shotcoder
Main Team
4 ( captain )
3 Hwasin
6 Jangbi
5 Kwanro
2 Pure
7 Zero
3 WeMade FOX
Anti Team
7 Effort
3 Much
3 YoonJoong
Effort >.>
made a balanced team with 2 of each race since last time I had I think 4 terrans at one point .
Baby ( captain ) Effort >.> made a balanced team with 2 of each race since last time I had I think 4 terrans at one point .
Shotcoder - C+ BW Terran , Gold LoL( ADC Main )
JodoYodo Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Canada 1772 Posts # 15
Hey , would it be possible in the future to implement trading so that it can be done in batches , rather than one by one ?
For example , say I have two players each worth 5 points .
I 'd like to trade them for a player worth 9 points and a player worth 0 points .
Supposedly I should be able to do this since 5 + 5 > 9 + 0 , but the way the system is , it is n't possible .
Dance dance dance ' till we run this town !
SkytoM Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Austria 1137 Posts # 16 Kwanrolled
Main Team
2 Crazy - Hydra
7 Kal
5 ( captain )
1 MVP
6 Really
6 Sea
3 Woongjin Stars
Anti Team
3 Jaehoon
7 Stork
3 Yarnc Kwanro ( captain ) Bisu ... ;-(
seRapH Profile Blog Joined April 2009 United States 8705 Posts # 17
It gets harder and harder to choose antis every round .
Forgg is def going on my team tho PKMN 4313- 1213-6695 |
Inventory : http://bit.ly/19qYGOt
Crunchums Profile Blog Joined December 2008 United States 11115 Posts # 18 ack the streak break point is back in ?
it going away was the best part of the new scoring system ; _ ; brood war for life , brood war forever
Welmu Profile Blog Joined November 2009 Finland 3294 Posts # 19
Baby is on fire !
Main Team
4 Baby
2 FireFist
12 ( captain )
1 MVP
2 Pure
6 Sea
3 Woongjin Stars
Anti Team
2 Anytime
8 Light
3 Much
My team , which I will probably change +10 time :b12 Flash ( captain ) Progamer twitter.com/welmu1 | facebook.com /Welmu11 | twitch.com/Welmu1
1 2 3 4 5 13 14 15 Next All
Christine Jones , Go Daddy 's executive vice president , told the committee that the company was ' concerned for the security of individuals ' .
Photo : Getty Images
Two major US technology companies , Dell and Go Daddy , have threatened to pull out of China in the wake of Google 's departure from the country .
Go Daddy Group , which sells internet domain names , said it would stop offering new " .cn " domain registrations in China , following the introduction of new regulations .
The Chinese government has said that anyone wishing to buy a website name in China will now have to provide full photo identification .
Go Daddy made the announcement during a committee hearing of the United States Congress dubbed " Google and Internet Control in China : A Nexus between Human Rights and Trade " .
Christine Jones , Go Daddy 's executive vice president , told the committee that the company was " concerned for the security of individuals " and that the new regulations would have a " chilling effect " on new domain name registrations .
Chris Smith , a Republican Congressman for New Jersey said : " Google fired a shot heard around the world and now a second American company has answered the call to defend the rights of the Chinese people . "
Meanwhile , Dell , the world 's largest third - largest PC company by sales , hinted that it may be considering switching its operations from China to India .
Michael Dell , the founder and chief executive of the company , made the suggestion in a meeting with Manmohan Singh , the Indian prime minister .
Mr Singh told the Hindustan Times : " This morning I met the chairman of Dell Corporation .
He informed me that they are buying equipment and parts worth $ 25 bn from China .
They would like to shift to safer environment with a climate conducive to enterprise with security of legal system . "
The news came as Dell 's first plant in India , in Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu , made its first export shipment .
The plant has the capacity to make a million computers a year .
So far , most of the plant 's production has gone to the Indian domestic market , but it has now begun shipping to the Middle East .
According to the Indian media , tax breaks given to Dell make it cheaper for the company to supply the Middle East , Africa and Europe out of India , rather than China .
A spokesman for Dell said the company had no imminent plans to pull out of China , however .
" Mr Dell believes India also has an opportunity of becoming a hardware manufacturing hub , generating employment and adding to the country 's impressive growth .
Dell has not made any plans to shift its component spend at this time , " he said .
Meanwhile , the fall - out from Google 's departure from the mainland has begun in earnest , with China Unicom , the country 's second - largest mobile operator , announcing that it will remove the Google search function from its new Android - based mobile phones .
" We are willing to work with any company that abides by Chinese law ... we do n't have any co-operation with Google currently , " said Lu Yimin , China Unicom 's president .
Unicom is the first company to drop its alliance with Google , alongside TOM Online , a Hong Kong - based internet company owned by the family of Li Ka-shing , Hong Kong 's richest man and a key ally of the Communist government .
Telegraph.co.uk
Former Secretary of the Workers Party of North Korea , Hwang Jang - yop , escaped from North Korea .
In an interview , he says that Kim Jong - il uses nuclear power to blackmail the world , but has no intention of using it .
He adds : " The dictator uses 20 % of the national budget for himself , while 50 % goes to the military .
Which is why they will never fall . "
Tokyo ( AsiaNews ) – “ North Korea will never abandon its nuclear program , but the dictatorship in Pyongyang has no intention of launching a nuclear bomb .
This is only used to blackmail the world . "
Hwang Jang - yop , former secretary of the North Korean Workers Party , who escaped from the Stalinist regime and now lives in the southern Korean peninsula made this comments in a recent interview with the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun .
The former political leader , considered a confident of former president Kim Il - sung also explained that the " poverty of the nation derives from the use being made of the national budget .
50 % of the money is used for the military , and 20 % is at the full and free disposal of Kim Jong - il : he can do what he wants , without telling anyone .
With 30 % of an already limited budget , the population suffers greatly " .
Simple .
Watch the show , and whenever a condition is met , take the appropriate number of drinks .
The definition of " drink " should be decided before game play starts .
Usually , a good mouthful will suffice .
Optional rules are included at the end of the list for fun variations on the " standard " game .
I would advise taking some time before game play starts to decide which conditions to use and which to ignore .
Remember that this list is canonical , so you probably will not want to use them all ( especially with a new episode , since you 'll spend all your time reading the list , rather than watching ) .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Category : Condition : Number of Drinks
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
General : " Open hailing frequencies " : 1 Quotes : " Medical emergency " : 1 : " Belay that order " : 1 : " Energize " : 1 : " Hell " , " Damn " and other swearing .
: 1 : SEE ALSO : Riker 's special swearing rules . : : " It 's not like anything I 've ever seen before " : 1 : " Impossible " : 1 : " Impossible " while watching the " impossible " : 2 : " Shut up , Wesley " : 3 : " On screen " : 1 : " Understood " : 1 : " Set phasers on ... " : 1 : " Acknowledged " : 1 : " Priority One " : 1 : " Just a little more time ...! " : 1 : " Eastern / Western / Southern / Northern Continent " : 2 : " The Klingon Home Planet " or other reference : : without actually giving it a name : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
General :
A female crewmember has flawless makeup after : Actions : she 's been put through the ringer : 1 : A crewmember straightens his / her uniform : 1 ea. : SEE ALSO : Picard 's special uniform rules . : :
A crewmember drinks ( outside of 10 Forward ) : 1 ea. : SEE ALSO : Picard 's special drinking rules . : :
A bridge officer is seen in casual clothes : 1 ea. : SEE ALSO : Picard's & Beverly 's special : : clothing rules . : :
A bridge officer is seen in dress uniform : 1 ea. : " Ensign Ethnic " or " Ensign Buxom " gets a line : 1 : Someone is referred to by their first name : 1 : First names while sexual tension present : 2 : The sarcophagus is used in sickbay : 2 : Nobody leaves the ship , but we still see more : : than one room of the alien ship / planet / etc : 2 : The same matte painting of an alien planet is : : used after each commercial break : 1 : The matte painting has a moving ground vehicle : 2 : Transporter Room 3 is used : 1 : A shuttlecraft appears unsafe : 1 : Someone reads a book : 1 : Mention of dilithium crystals : 1 : Someone adopts a persona ( Dixon Hill , Sherlock : : Holmes , etc. ) : 1 ea. : Someone receives a shot : 1 : Someone receives a shot from a non-medical : : officer : 2 : A new alien has latex on its forehead : 1 : A new alien also has differently shaped hands : 1 : A new alien does n't have latex on its forehead : 2 : Someone preaches the Prime Directive : 1 : Someone other than Picard preaches the P.D. : 2 : Someone preaches about " Humanity 's Unique : : Potential " : 1 : An " Old Earth Saying " is brought up : 1 : A member of the bridge crew takes over a : : by pushing someone out of the way : 2 : Someone wakes up from a nightmare : 1 : The bridge crew contemplates mutiny : 3 : The holodeck appears in its " natural " state : 2 : Holodeck characters become aware of their own : : ephemerality : 2 : Someone implies that 10 Forward is a Happening : : Place : 1 : They fade to commercial playing the " ominous : : horns " : 1 : They fade to commercial with a soap - opera - like : : close up on someone 's face : 1 : The Enterprise is hurled somewhere by another : : force ( Q , Tin Man , etc. ) : 2 : Klingon is spoken : 1 : English is spoken by Klingons when they are : : alone and have no reason to speak English : 2 : Picard or Riker order a course change by : : exact X , Y , and Z coordinates , rather than : : something like " Set course for Starbase 8 " : 3 : The computer makes that " I'm listening " chirp : 1 : An " expendable " is killed : 1 ea. :
A new alien ship is revealed : 1 : Something escapes the sensors : 1 : Something escapes the sensors and they use the : : word " interference " as an excuse : 2 : Communications malfunction / go out : 1 : Transporter goes down : 1 : A token alien is shown in the background : : and has no lines : 1 : The token alien is a Vulcan : 2 : Yellow Alert : 1 : Red Alert : 2 : Intruder Alert : 3 : The Enterprise docks at a starbase : 3 : Another Captain or Starfleet Command officer : : is shown : 1 : A desk hologram is seen : 2 : There is a countdown : 1 : Someone stops the countdown : 2 : Bridge command is handed over : 1 : The Enterprise avoids a conflict rather than : : using force : 1 : The Enterprise actually fights ( shots must be : : fired ) : 2 : Someone uses the episode 's title in a sentence : 2 : The saucer section separates : Whole Beverage :
They contact someone via communicator or : : intercom without activating it : 1 : Communicators do n't work : 1 : Communicators are out of range : 2 : The battle bridge is used : 1 : The battle bridge is used with the saucer : : section still attached : 2 : TNG contradicts a fact stated in TOS : 2 : Dialogue in the turbolift : 1 : A poker game is shown : 1 : A log entry is made : 1 : A log entry is made - not by Picard : 2 : A stardate is mentioned - not in a log entry : 1 : An Old Earth Date is mentioned : 2 : Someone requests that an image on the main : : viewer be magnified : 1 : Someone requests magnification when it's : : painfully obvious that it 's necessary : 2 : Readings go off the scale : 1 : The ship / crew is seconds away from disaster : 1 : Someone removes their communicator : 1 : Someone places their communicator on something : : so it can be beamed away or destroyed : 2 : Someone gives their communicator to a non- : : crewmember so they can communicate with : : the Enterprise : 3 : The transporter room can't lock on to someone : 1 : The transporter room pulls someone through : : after their ship explodes : 2 : Someone who normally pronounces " sensors " as : : " SEN - sers " pronounces it as " SEN - sohrs " : 1 : Someone brings up the matter / antimatter ratio : 1 : A member of the bridge crew looks WAY too : : pleased with him / herself : 1 : A Captain's
Log entry is made by someone other : : than Picard : 2 : A sound effect from TOS is heard : 1 : The camera pans 90 degrees to show how BIG : : the ship is : 1 : Someone changes their pronunciation of a word : : within the same scene : 1 : Someone throws / is hit by / etc. styrofoam props : 1 : Someone quotes Shakespeare , etc. ( See Picard ) : 1 : A bad fight scene occurs : 1 : The Enterprise is taken over : 1 : The weapons are rendered useless : 1 : Phasers are used for a different function than : : intended ( e.g. overload , power : : a transporter , etc. ) : 1 : Harmonics are changed in shields / phasers / etc. : 1 : Someone alludes to a work / person / event / etc. : : that has n't been made / existed / happened yet : 1 : A guest appearance is made by someone from TOS : 3 : Security alert or request : 1 : Part of a set is destroyed in a fistfight : 2 : A succession of five face closeups with no : : dialogue : 1 : A shuttlecraft is launched : 2 : A probe is launched : 1 : Someone mentions Jack Crusher : 2 : Someone is seen out of uniform ( in civvies ) : 2 : The Enterprise is boarded by hostiles : 2 : The warp engine light goes really fast : 2 : The auto - destruct sequence is activated : 3 : A principle character is put on trial : 1 : The Enterprise is captured in a nebula / cloud : 1 : A star returns from the dead : Whole Beverage : Ancient alien technology screws things up : 1 : Someone is transported to somewhere other than : : a transporter room or sickbay from : : somewhere other than a transporter room : 2 : The Enterprise encounters an unknown energy : : form : 1
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Picard : " Make it so " : 1 Quotes : " Engage " : 1 : " Come " : 1 : " Come " ( in personal quarters ) : 2 : " Captain's Log " : 1 : " Captain's Log , Supplemental " : 2 : " Proceed " : 1 : " Number One " : 1 : " The boy " in reference to Wesley : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Picard : Straightens his uniform : 2 Actions : Straightens his uniform before giving a speech : 3 : Drinks : 2 : Drinks tea : 3 : Drinks tea identified as Earl Grey : 4 : Wears chest - revealing bedwear : 2 : Has an accident or is attacked : 2 : Accident or attack draws blood : 3 : Is possessed : 4 : Requests a Level One Diagnostic : 1 : Makes a speech that saves the day : 1 : Tries to avoid Lwuxana Troi : 1 : Surrenders : 1 : Leaves the ship : 1 : Leaves the ship to lead an away team : 2 : Demonstrates knowledge of a foreign language : 1 : Swears / hurls an insult in a foreign language : 2 : Appears uncomfortable ( around women , children ) : 1 : Quotes Shakespeare , etc. : 2 : Leaves the bridge during a crisis to talk with : : Dr. Crusher or Guinan : 1 : Talks about death to Dr. Crusher : 1 : Takes a communique from Starfleet in his ready : : room : 1 : Is called upon to mediate a dispute : 2 : Takes the helm in a tricky situation : 3 : Is seen on the bridge out of uniform : 2 : Calls a meeting : 1 : Calls a meeting in the middle of a crisis : 2 : Cries : Whole Beverage ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Worf : " Impressive " : 1 Quotes : " Admirable " : 1 : " Grrrrr " ( A simple sneer qualifies ) : 1 : " I am a Klingon " : 1 : " Klingons do NOT ... " : 1 : " Security Override ! " : 2 : " Human women are too fragile " : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Worf :
Uses the word " human " in a sense meaning puny , : Actions : weak , or otherwise not Klingon : 2 : Gets beat up : 1 : Actually wins a fight : 2 : Throws someone in the brig / Arrests someone : 1 : Asks for an explanation of a human term / custom : 1 : Says something with a tilt of his head / nod : 1 : Has a suggestion shot down offhandedly : 2 : Fusses about his discommendation : 2 : Makes a reference to his sexual prowess : 2 : Mentions or participates in some bizarre : : Klingon ritual : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Data : " Fascinating " : 1 Quotes : " Accessing " : 1 : " Inquiry " : 1 : " Intriguing " : 1 : " I am an android " : 1 : " I cannot feel emotions " , etc : 1 : " Increase speed " : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Data :
Uses his strength : 1 Actions :
Uses his strength and shows up Worf : 2 : Uses his superior android speed : 1 : Innards are revealed : 1 : Innards are revealed other than his head : 2 : Is cut off mid-sentence : 1 : Is cut off during a list of synonyms : 2 : Stops himself during an inappropriate speech : 2 : Has to have " An Old Earth Saying " explained : 2 : Gives a list of synonyms for the term he did : : not understand : 1 : Is able to interpret / use alien technology in : : no time : 1 : Uses a new colloquialism : 1 : Uses a contraction : Whole Beverage : Affects a human mannerism ( e.g. Sherlock Data ) : 2 : Corrects somebody 's grammar : 1 : Brent Spiner breaks character for comic effect : 1 : Gives an " approximation " out to several : : decimal places : 1 : Does that little head twitch : 1 : Gets kissed , etc. : 3 : Is told that he 's more human than he thinks : 2 : Is " used " to save the ship , beam down , or hang : : around infected people because the : : situation is too dangerous for humans : 3
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Riker : " Hell " : 2 Quotes : " What the hell is going on ? " : Whole Beverage : " You are personally responsible for the : : Captain's safety " to Worf : 2 : " With pleasure , sir " : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Riker :
Walks forward as if he 's trying to knock an : Actions : imaginary door down with his forehead : 1 : Demonstrates knowledge of a foreign language : 1 : Swears / hurls an insult in a foreign language : 2 : Thrusts his chin out with a smug look : 1 : Stands with his feet more than 2 ft. apart :1 per ' beyond 2 ' : Pronounces a word in a way that does not match : : his heritage ( e.g. charade=shur - AHD ) : 2 : Acts blatantly like Kirk : 1 : Gets that annoying smirk on his face : 1 : Gets the girl : 1 : Gets the girl for no apparent reason : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
LaForge : " ... lost a lotta good people down there ... " : 1 Quotes : " Maybe not " in response to " Impossible " : 2 : " I 'm workin ' on it ! " : 1
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
LaForge : VISOR is taken or knocked off : 1 Actions :
Tweaks the warp engines / shields / tractor beams : 1 : Wishes he had human vision : 1 : Is used as a " human tricorder " : 1 : Sees with his own eyes ( VISORless ) : Whole Beverage : Interacts with a woman ( real or not ) in the : : holodeck : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Beverly : " This wo n't hurt a bit " : 1 Quotes : " This should n't be happening " : 1 : " Nothing yet , but we 're working on it " : 1 : " He 's dead [ pause ] " : 1 : " He 's gone ... " : 2 : " This man is dying ! " : 3
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Beverly : Ca n't figure out some bizarre medical problem : 1 Actions :
Uses the word " stumped " in regards to problem : 2 : Is seen in a sweater : 2 : Beams directly to sickbay or orders someone to : : be beamed directly to sickbay : 1 : Is seen on the bridge for no apparent reason : 1 : Appears without her lab coat : 1 : Appears without her lab coat in sickbay : 2 : Uses one of her ridiculous 24th century : : medical terms : 1 : Performs major surgery : 2 : Diagnoses something really obvious : 1 : Shows maternal instinct : 2 : Loses a patient : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deanna : " What do YOU think about that ? " or other quote : Quotes : reminiscent of ELIZA : 1 : " Are you troubled ? " ( when they obviously are ) : 1 : " Mother !
Please ...! "
: 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deanna : Senses something really shocking : 1 Actions : Gives us Betazoid insight into something : : really obvious : 2 : Senses ( and lists ) more than one emotion : 1 : Cries : 2 : Is hit on : 1 : Rolls her eyes : 1 : Ca n't shut out all the feelings : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
O'Brien :
Has a line in a first or second season episode : 1 Actions : Disables a weapon during transport : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wesley : " It 's easy ! " ( or " simple " , etc. ) : 1 Quotes : " Wow " , " Gee " , " Ooh " , etc. : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wesley :
Talks back to his mom : 1 Actions :
Saves the day : 1 : Saves the day and nobody understands his : : pseudoscientific babbling : 2 : Saves the day and nobody thanks him : 2 : Appears to be hitting on someone : 1 : Gets that annoying " impish " grin : 1 : Creates some spiffy new science project : 1 : Gets that " I 'm not just a kid " attitude : 1 : Swallows really hard : 1 : Has his life threatened : 2 : Has his life threatened and he dies :
Party like it's : : 1999 ! :
Is seen with a girl ( other than when on duty ) : 3
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lwuxana : " Little One " in reference to Deanna : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lwuxana : Reads Picard 's mind ( or pretends to ) : 1 Actions :
Is referred to in an episode in which she does : : not appear : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yar : Suggests that the Enterprise fight , upon : Actions : meeting another ship , etc. : 1 : Denise Crosby makes a guest appearance : 1 : Decks someone : 1 : Decks someone just to show her strength , etc. : 2
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pulaski : Mispronounces Data 's name : 1 : Calls Data " it " or accuses him of being unable : : to do something because he's an android : 1 : Cuts Picard off : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guinan :
Makes someone sigh at the end of a talk : 1 : Talks about " her people " : 1 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
A more than 30 percent increase above 2006 levels on spending predicted ; Supreme Court ’s recent decision could mean even more money
Contact : Dave Levinthal , 202-354-0111
WASHINGTON — With Democrats battling to keep control of both chambers of Congress and Republicans eager to make gains , the money race is fast underway for 2010 ’s federal midterm elections .
By the time that every dollar is spent and every check is cashed , the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics estimates the cost of the Nov. 2 contests will be more than $ 3.7 billion .
“ With so much on the line , the outpouring of big money into federal campaigns looks likely to continue at a brisk pace , ” said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics .
“ Additionally , the recent Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission could precipitate millions more in spending by special interest groups looking to advance their own agendas . ”
This prediction is a conservative estimate that includes spending by U.S. Senate and U.S. House candidates and political parties .
It also estimates spending by so - called 527 committees and independent expenditures on advertising and get - out - the - vote efforts by outside political action committees to support and oppose candidates .
It does not include a projection for how much money could come directly from corporations , unions , trade associations or other special interest groups in advertisements stemming from the Supreme Court ’s Citizens United decision that reversed the ban on independent expenditures by corporations .
These groups are now free to spend unlimited sums on such advertisements — and there is no precedent on which to base an estimate of how much money corporations and organizations will spend through this new political money mechanism .
The Center reached this conclusion based on its analysis of the last four transitions , the data for which is displayed on our website here .
Spending on federal elections , CRP found , has typically increased by 31 percent to 35 percent between comparative cycles — that is , comparing midterm to midterm and presidential cycle to presidential cycle .
( Read the complete methodology here . )
Assuming this pattern holds for this cycle , even a 30 percent increase would suggest that more than $ 3.7 billion would be spent in the 2010 midterm elections .
“ This is the earliest that the Center has ever offered an estimate , ” Krumholz said .
“ As election observers across the political spectrum work to assess the impact of Citizens United , this prediction offers a solid baseline to compare new spending levels against . ”
A Center for Responsive Politics review of records filed with the Federal Election Commission show that during 2009 , federal candidates spent about $ 305.5 million and political parties spent about $ 493 million .
As expected for this point in the 2010 election cycle , independent expenditures by outside groups have been fairly limited so far , the Center has found .
The top independent spenders last year included the Service Employees International Union , with $ 4.6 million in such spending , the National Rifle Association , at about $ 486,000 , and the Club for Growth , at about $ 478,000 .
The Center for Responsive Politics is also offering a new way to track midterm election spending .
Web users can add the following OpenSecrets.org widget to monitor the flow of money in real time .
You can add the widget ( below ) to your website by copying and pasting the code available on our website here .
# # #
ABOUT THE CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS
The Center for Responsive Politics is the nation ’s premier research group tracking money in U.S. politics and its effect on elections and public policy .
Founded in 1983 , the nonpartisan , nonprofit Center aims to create a more educated voter , an involved citizenry and a more responsive government .
CRP ’s award - winning website , OpenSecrets.org , is the most comprehensive resource for campaign contributions , lobbying data and analysis available anywhere .
For other organizations and news media , CRP ’s exclusive data powers their online features tracking money in politics .
CRP relies on support from a combination of foundation grants and individual contributions .
The Center accepts no contributions from businesses , labor unions or trade associations .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Reading Between the iPhone OS 4.0 Lines
A few months ago , I heard suggestions that Apple had tentative plans to release a developer beta of Mac OS X 10.7 at WWDC this June .
That is no longer the case .
Mac OS X 10.7 development continues , but with a reduced team and an unknown schedule .
It ’s my educated guess that there will be no 10.7 news at WWDC this year , and probably none until WWDC 2011 .
Apple ’s company - wide focus has since been focused intensely on one thing : iPhone OS 4.1
The number one priority at Apple is to grow mobile market share faster than Android .
Anything that is not directly competitive with Android is on the back burner .
Several of the “ tentpole ” 2 features in iPhone OS 4 that Apple promoted at yesterday ’s event are directly related to this .
Multitasking
“ Multitasking ” is a catchall term that , in the context of iPhone OS 4 , encompasses several different things .
On an OS like Mac OS X it ’s simpler to understand — multiple apps ( and faceless background - only processes ) operate simultaneously .
On an OS like iPhone OS , that ’s not how it ’s going to work , and for good reason .
Memory and CPU are severely constrained on mobile devices compared to regular PC hardware .
Apps do n’t run in windows , they run on the full screen .
So when you leave one app and switch to another in iPhone OS 4 , the GUI — the visual interface — is not going to continue updating in the background .
What will happen , if the app is updated to support the new OS 4 APIs ( which , I expect , all actively - maintained apps will be ) , is that the app will stay in memory but stop processing .
Switch back and it ’ll start processing again , right where it left off .
Think pause / resume , as opposed to the current iPhone OS model of quit / relaunch .
The VOIP and background audio processing examples do not involve the full app continuing to run in the background .
The way these things work in iPhone OS 4 is , more or less , that the app registers with the system for what specific things it wants to do in the background .
When the user leaves one app for another , the app that is being put into the background receives an event from the OS telling it that it is about to be paused , and at this point it has a chance to store its state , ask for time in the background to complete a task like a file upload , and register specific threads that will continue performing specific lightweight tasks like audio playback .
Take Pandora for example .
When in the background , what will be running is a faceless ( no UI ) thread that just streams audio .
Only when you re-activate Pandora — tap its icon to open the full app — will the entire app start running again .
When the system is running low on memory , it will automatically quit the least - recently used app that is paused in the background .
Users should not notice this , except that when next they go back to such an app that has been reaped by the system to reclaim its memory , it might take a few moments longer for the app to be ready , and it will be like today , where the app itself will be responsible for restoring context .
And , thus , apps still must be written in a way that assumes they might be shut down by the system with only a few moments notice .
The result is that switching between two or three recently used apps will feel very snappy .
Users do not have to think about or even be aware of concepts like launching and quitting .
Those are implementation details .
They just have to think about opening , or perhaps better put , going to one app at a time that will take up the full screen .
Sort of like how you go to a web site — you go to apps on the iPhone .
And , now , for apps like Skype and Pandora , users can think about apps that can continue to do stuff ( play audio , receive incoming VOIP calls ) even when they ’re not open .
There is nothing about the new iPhone OS 4 multitasking that a user must learn .
They might just notice that “ switching back ” to recently used apps , via the same old home screen icons , is snappier .
For the most part , using background - capable third - party apps will be just like using the background - capable system apps from Apple .
It ’s an efficient , clever way of making switching more useful and quicker .
It ’s also very much like the “ multitasking ” system Android has had in place all along .
My understanding of how multitasking works on Android is that it ’s pretty much like what I described above for iPhone OS 4 : GUIs do not continue to update ( and consume CPU time ) in the background , but apps stay in memory when you switch from one to another , until the system runs low on memory , at which point it starts automatically and silently quitting the least - recently used ones .
Background Android apps can register faceless threads to “ do stuff ” , like play audio .
I do n’t think such background threads on Android are limited to specific things like audio playback and VOIP as they are on iPhone OS 4.0 , but Android ’s multitasking model is far more like what Apple just announced for iPhone OS 4 than it is to a traditional PC OS like Mac OS X or Windows .
One neat feature of Android is a listing in its Settings app that shows you where your battery life has been consumed since your last charge .
In my use of a Nexus One , very little is consumed by apps in the background .
Battery life on the Nexus One is consumed mostly by the display and by the wireless networking .
I suspect that ’s largely true for the iPhone from version 1 - 3 , and will continue to be true with iPhone OS 4 .
Like copy - and - paste , it was inevitable that Apple would add multitasking to iPhone OS eventually .
Whether it was always planned for this year I do not know , but once Android became Apple enemy number one , multitasking became a must - have catch - up feature .
Adding it now takes away the first item on the Android - vs . - iPhone talking points list .
( And despite its similarities to Android ’s model , Apple is , of course , pitching it as original and innovative . )
As for why the iPhone 3G and second - generation iPod Touch do n’t get multitasking with iPhone OS 4 , that ’s easy — those machines only have 128 MB of RAM .
The 3GS and third - generation Touch both have 256 .
( The 8 GB iPod Touch still being sold today is like the iPhone 3G — second - generation hardware .
It will not get multitasking with iPhone OS 4 . )
“ Paused ” apps on iPhone OS 4 are still resident in memory , so there ’s just no way it would work with only 128 MB total ( some of which , remember , goes to the system itself ) .
The CPUs in the 3GS and latest iPod Touch are faster too , and that ’s a factor , but I believe RAM is the central reason .
iAds and Google
Ever since the Apple - Google rivalry turned into a war , there ’s been increased speculation that Apple might launch its own search engine .
The thinking is simple .
If Apple wants to go to war with Google , then they ’ll be tempted to go after Google ’s crown jewels — search .
Search is still and may well always remain Google ’s most popular service .
But Google does n’t make money from search .
They make money from advertising .
If you want to fuck with Google , you go after advertising revenue .
3
Now , it ’s true that much — most ? — of Google ’s ad revenue comes from ads that are displayed alongside search results .
Google search generates a tremendous amount of ad revenue .
But that ’s last decade ’s battle .
It does n’t make much sense for Apple to take on Google in search , given Google ’s tremendous lead in the space and Apple ’s utter lack of expertise in the field .
It takes longer for Mac OS X’s Spotlight to search my MacBook Pro ’s hard disk than for Google to search its index of the entire web .
The war for search is old .
Where ’s the next battlefield for advertising ?
Mobile devices is one guess — a guess shared by Google and Apple .
And here ’s a field where Apple is ahead , not behind .
Again , just like with multitasking , the idea that Apple would build support for advertising into iPhone OS is obvious , something that I suspect they might have pursued sooner or later even if Android did not exist .
There ’s a tremendous amount of money at stake .
Now that Android is considered the number one threat to the iPhone , though , mobile advertising became an immediate priority .
Jobs ’s pitch for iAds during the event yesterday was n’t even coy about it being a fuck - you to Google .
He emphasized first the idea that on mobile , unlike the desktop , search is not a good venue for advertising .
The idea being that on the iPhone , people are n’t searching , they ’re using apps , and therefore the prime space for ads on mobile devices is right there inside apps .
I ’m not arguing whether Jobs is correct about search not being good for ads on mobile — I do n’t know — but clearly , when he says “ search ” , he means “ Google search ” .
So that ’s knock one against Google .
Jobs then showed examples of iAds — rich , cinematic , interactive software ads .
They look like native iPhone software , but they ’re written in straight HTML5 ( so it ’s a bonus fuck - you , to Adobe ) .
The word Jobs used repeatedly was emotion .
They ’re intended to be about design and feeling .
It ’s about a venue for advertising that can feel like good TV commercials and full - page magazine ads .
That ’s knock two against Google .
Google ads may well be effective , but they are not emotional .
Consider the Toy Story 3 iAd Jobs demoed .
What kind of ad through Google could compare to that ?
There ’s a solid slice of the DF audience that firmly believes that all advertising is contemptible bullshit .
They ’ve already skipped to the end of this article .
Some advertising , no matter the medium — TV , newspaper , magazine — is junk .
But some is art .
Commercial art , of course , but art nonetheless .
Online advertising — mobile or not — has been largely devoid of this caliber of advertising .
iAds is Apple ’s attempt to enable high - caliber ads for mobile .
Jobs seemed more enthusiastic about iAds than anything else in the show yesterday .
So the anti-Google message with iAds was two - fold : first , search is n’t good for mobile ads ; and second , Google — logical , engineering - driven Google — will never provide an ad platform for emotional advertising like design - driven Apple can .
Jobs ’s iAds pitch was not directed to consumers .
It was directed to creatives in the ad industry — and creative developers who want something better than text ads inside their apps .
Miscellany
This week is Earth Week , and I would like to reiterate the impact our dietary choices have on the planet .
It 's important to eat local , sustainable and organic foods , and one of the best places to fulfill each of these three goals is at your local farmers market .
Farmers markets have an unfair reputation in some circles for being havens for hippies , liberals and elitists ( since caring about where your food comes from automatically makes you elitist , right ? ) , which can turn off people who do not identify with any of these groups .
However , farmers markets should n't be viewed as anything other than convenient places to shop for quality edibles .
Buying locally - grown organic vegetables does not make you better than someone who does not -- only more informed , perhaps .
Here are a few of the reasons to make the trek to the farmers market every week .
Keep it local
Shopping at the farmer 's market keeps money in the local community and greatly reduces food miles ; a sign at my local farmer 's market on Saturday said that while the average American meal travels 1,500 miles from farm to plate , the produce at the market traveled an average of just 65 miles .
Plus , it 's not just produce : bakers , wine - makers , craftspeople , beekeepers , nurseries and more often sale their wares .
Meet your meat
I do n't eat animal products , but my boyfriend does .
I do the shopping in our household , and while I respect his dietary decisions , I am constantly frustrated by the lack of " ethically " - raised meat in stores , even at our local food co-op .
Buying meat and eggs at the farmer 's market allows me to talk directly with the farmers in order to ensure that the animals lived the least detrimental life and died the least painful death possible ; I know these purchases do n't support factory farming operations .
End the guessing game
I hate going to the supermarket and seeing that my broccoli is a ' product of USA . '
The USA is a big country -- where in the USA ?
Washington ?
California ?
Florida ?
When was it picked ?
Is broccoli even in season in April ?
There is no guessing about freshness , seasonality or point of origin when you shop at the farmers market -- the produce is almost always fresh , local and in season .
Try new things
Farmers markets encourage you to discover new flavors -- and new culinary adventures .
I challenge you to find stinging nettles , fiddleheads , hopped apple cider , purslane or honey - roasted hazelnuts at your nearest supermarket chain .
How are you ever going to try new foods if you do n't know what your options are ?
It 's fun !
Farmer 's markets can also be wonderful social opportunities ; there is often live music , local businesses selling breakfast and lunch , and plenty of people milling about .
This past Saturday , I was treated to a rousing Son Jarocho performance while double - fisting kombucha , then serenaded by a Tiny Tim look - alike while buying kale .
It 's no wonder friends and families make a Saturday or Sunday trip to the market a weekly ritual .
So , shop local , organic , and sustainable : shop farmers market !
( Just do n't be snooty about it . )
Need help finding a farmers market in your area ?
LocalHarvest.org can help .
More resources :
If you ’re worried about what ‘ Citizens United ’ will do to congressional races , just wait until you see what it does to the justice system .
Illinois is home to the nation ’s costliest judicial election ever : the 2004 contest between Lloyd Karmeier and Gordon Maag .
The two candidates in Illinois 's fifth judicial district together raised almost $ 9.4 million , nearly double the previous national record .
It topped the money raised in 18 of 34 U.S. Senate races decided that year .
Even Karmeier , the winner of the race , described the money poured into the campaign as “ obscene . ”
The eye - popping fundraising resulted from a parade of special interests on both sides of the “ tort wars . "
The fifth district had been known for large damage awards against corporate interests , and the election ’s winner was expected to play a crucial role on a closely divided Illinois supreme court .
Trial lawyers funneled millions to Maag , while Karmeier got buckets of cash from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Karmeier also got a boost from a company with a very real interest in the race 's outcome : State Farm Insurance Company , which happened to be appealing a damage award of more than $ 450 million .
Karmeier got $ 350,000 in contributions from employees , lawyers , and others directly involved with State Farm and another $ 1 million from larger groups affiliated with the company .
After he won the election , Karmeier cast the deciding vote that saved State Farm roughly a half - billion dollars .
The Illinois election was n’t an anomaly .
In the last decade , state judicial elections across the country have evolved from quiet , civil contests into extravagant affairs with exorbitant spending , mud-slinging , and bitter personal attacks .
Special interests in particular have helped engineer many of these races , pouring money into campaign coffers and negative TV ads .
For instance , in a 2006 race in Washington — the most expensive judicial election that state had ever seen — every TV spot was paid for by a special interest group .
As an Ohio AFL - CIO official put it , “ We figured out a long time ago that it ’s easier to elect seven judges than to elect one hundred and thirty - two legislators . ”
And now , the problem is likely to get a lot worse .
Much has been made about how Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) , the recent Supreme Court decision that lifted the ban on corporate spending in elections , will allow special interests to dump money into presidential and congressional races as never before .
But the decision was handed down , in the words of Justice John Paul Stevens , just “ when concerns about the conduct of judicial elections have reached a fever pitch . ”
Indeed , thanks to Citizens United , the likely explosion of special - interest spending in this year 's judicial races threatens to further erode the judiciary 's independence .
This year , candidates in 18 states will face off to fill 34 supreme court seats .
More than 30 other high court judges will sit for unopposed “ retention ” elections , in which voters will vote “ yes or no ” to keep them on the bench .
And , because of Citizens United , many legal observers are expecting that these elections will be special - interest spending frenzies .
Retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said at a conference at Georgetown University Law Center in January that “ Citizens United has signaled that the problem of campaign contributions in judicial elections might get considerably worse and quite soon . ”
( CNN ) --
If you think an electric toothbrush is high - tech , wait until you hear about the Internet - enabled version .
Jesse Schell , a game designer and Carnegie Mellon University professor , says toothbrushes will be hooked - up with Wi -Fi Internet connections within five years .
The point ?
If the entire Internet knows how often you brush your teeth and for how long , there 's an incentive to brush more often .
Toothbrush makers could offer rewards for frequent brushers , too .
Say you brush your teeth twice each day for three months .
A company like Crest or Procter & Gamble could reward you with coupons for more toothbrushes , since your well - used bristles would probably be frayed by then .
Schell says dental hygiene -- and , really , just about everything else -- will become a game .
He thinks the " gamepocalypse , " the moment when everything in our lives becomes a game , is coming soon -- if it 's not already here .
The Web - connected toothbrush is just one example Schell touched on during a recent interview .
Here 's an edited transcript :
CNN : You 've said games are showing up all over the place .
What do you mean by that , exactly ?
In short , we already see games creeping into our everyday lives in all kinds of funny ways .
You go to Starbucks , and you get points if you have a Starbucks card .
And , in fact , they have a whole leveling system .
The more times you visit , the more you move from level green up to gold level , with special privileges and free soy milk .
Already , we have this whole system of economies floating around out there .
And at the same time , we have all these technologies showing up that are allowing us to track new things , things that we could n't do before .
CNN : What are we tracking now that we could n't before ?
A new example that 's kind of a popular one is this new game Foursquare , which is a game that works off of the GPS in your phone .
We normally think , ' Oh , the GPS in my phone is useful in case I need to get directions to somewhere . '
But there 's no reason that your GPS can't track your location all the time .
And , in fact , why not make a game of it ?
So in the world of Foursquare , you get territory points based on all the places you visit .
If you are the person who visits a place more than anyone else , you can become the mayor of that place , unless someone else visits it more than you , and then they take over the mayorship of the place .
New video gaming systems are coming out that track every joint of your body .
It 's basically going to become a normal thing for us to allow Microsoft to put a three - dimensional camera on top of your television set looking at you , which sounds like a Big Brother scenario if ever I heard one , but , still , it 's what we 're going to allow .
CNN : Do you think this will go so far that we 'll be living a game ?
I think people will find a great deal of their lives co-opted by games , sort of like how we saw advertising co-opt huge amounts of our lives in the 20th century .
CNN : Has it already happened ?
I jokingly call this convergence of games into reality the " Gamepocalypse " : the moment when every moment of life is actually a game .
So many people have been interested in the topic that I made a blog called Gamepocalypse Now .
Do you know about this Green Goose product that you snap onto your bicycle and it tracks how much you ride ... and it has a system of rewards based on how much gas you save ?
There 's a lot of these things that are starting to happen now , and I think we 're going to see more and more of them coming together .
CNN : What 's going to happen next ?
I think camera - based technology and tracking is going to be one of the things , in the next 10 years , we 're going to see a lot of evolution in .
The idea of cheap little cameras and disposable cameras are going to become fairly normal .
And when you combine that with the fact that we 're getting used to touch - based interfaces and gesture - based interfaces , I think we 're going to see these cameras in a lot of places for interacting with a lot of things .
You 've got Google Goggles , where you take a picture of like anything , and it will tell you what it is .
We have n't really started to make games with that yet , but I think we will start to .
And if you look at the new Nintendo DSi , which is their newest handheld , it has two cameras on it , which at first seemed kind of crazy to people , but the idea is you have one camera that faces out into the world and one that faces you the user , so it can look at your face and study your face .
No one 's quite figured out exactly what that 's for yet .
CNN : What do you think it 's for ?
I presume they want to go toward some facial tracking .
They want to have games that involve tracking your face .
I think one of the things we 'll start to see is common is , massively multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft will start to have a camera on your face , and then they 'll map your facial expression to your avatar .
That 's technologically not very difficult , and I think the potential for meaningful emotional expression and communication is significant there .
CNN : Will that change our everyday lives ?
Anybody who has a product that can sense that the product is being used ... they 're going to want to create motivations for you to use the product .
So fundamentally , they 're going to make games out of it , because games are reward - based systems that motivate us to do things .
In fact , Oral - B is like halfway there .
They already have a toothbrush that senses when you 're brushing your teeth .
And every 30 seconds , it beeps , meaning it 's time now to change to a different corner of your mouth .
So you do the four quadrants of your mouth , and when you 've done all four , then it does a little special beep , and a happy face appears .
And you do n't get the happy face , you get a sad face , if you do n't finishing brushing your teeth properly .
Now , that does n't connect to the Internet yet , but , you know , it 's about five seconds from connecting to the Internet .
They already have a bathroom scale that uses Wi-Fi and connects to the Internet , so that every time you weigh yourself , it uploads it to a database so you can track your weight over time .
You can configure it to automatically tweet your weight , in case you want that .
CNN : Is that supposed to be fun , or beneficial , for the consumer ?
It depends on the product .
If it 's a product that gets you to brush your teeth more , or what if it not only it gets you to brush your teeth , but you floss ?
That sounds health - giving .
But if you look at people who make soda pop , they 're going to try to incentivize you to do things that are less healthy .
I hate to think about the systems the cigarette companies are going to come up with in order to incentivize people .
Whether it 's fun is going to be important , because it 's going to be competition .
The 21st century is going to be this war for the attention of humanity .
CNN : Do you see a downside to people being watched and tracked all the time ?
We all have choices to make about what aspects of our privacy we want to give away .
We 're already making choices like that all the time .
Anybody who uses Gmail has decided , " Yeah , I think it 's OK for a major corporation to carefully sniff through every word of every e-mail I send and try to automatically come up with a profile of what sorts of things I might want to buy and then pop up distracting messages , specifically designed to distract me , based on my interests , on the side of the page . "
So you could say , " Yeah , that 's kind of creepy . "
Many of us say , " That 's OK .
I 'm willing to give that up . "
Is it OK for Amazon to know every word of every book you 've read ?
Are you comfortable with that ?
Maybe you are .
Is it OK to let everybody know you eat Corn Flakes ?
OK , but then there are certain products you might not want people to know that you 're using .
...
The part that I worry about the most is sort of the perverse incentives that these systems are going to try to create .
Largely , the companies wo n't be caring about our health and welfare .
They 're going to be caring about , " Can I manipulate you into doing things that help the company ? "
CNN : Should we create regulations to keep that from happening ?
That 's hard for me to imagine .
These things are going to creep up on us one by one , and it 's going to be up to what can people take , and what can people tolerate ?
CNN : Why are we attracted to games ?
One of the main things that 's appealing about games is that you know a game can be won .
It 's an unusual game that 's impossible to win .
In real life , we have these problems , and the problems are hairy , and they 're messy .
You look at the problems that you face in your job or in your relationship or in your family , and it 's like there 's no clear winning , and there 's no clear losing .
Whereas , in a game , things are crisp and clear .
The game presents you with challenges that can be met , and then it congratulates you on your successes at those challenges .
It 's a thing we do n't get everyday in life .
I guess because it 's become to blazingly partisan .
Not because I do n't think Republicans really are idiots ( they are ) but because I think this country has real problems and I 'm looking for news that goes beyond the minutia to tell me things that I do n't know not just an hour of my time that reinforces beliefs I already have .
Case in point was your coverage of the meeting between Obama and House Republicans .
I was so happy to hear you would be replaying it that night .
Set the Tivo .
Popped the popcorn .
Then I watched the show and I have to say the editing and grandstanding were disappointing .
See I 'm a big boy .
I could have watched it and came up with my own opinions but you did n't fully let me .
You turned it into a spectacle that I did n't need or want .
It seems painfully obvious to me that your show has become crack for the fringe left .
It 's a fairly big niche to cater to ( though not nearly as big as the fringe right sugar Daddy FOX news ) and I can see why hitting that fastball would build your ratings but the end results to me are disappointing .
See I do n't give a crap what Sarah Palin did today .
Or Rush .
Or Glen Beck .
Tabloid politics do n't interest me in the slightest .
Those are the easy " truths " to tell .
The hard truths are what I want to see .
Inform me about the choices our country has in front of it .
Tell me about the best ideas from the left and the right .
Give me scholars that do n't reek of of partisanship and that we have n't seen a million times to put it all into perspective .
INFORM me and the country Keith .
That is what we need right now .
That is what the great ones of the past did for us .
You can do this Keith .
I have all the faith in the world you can if you want to .
Microsoft has a decades - long record of investment in software platforms .
As a result , we have built a significant patent portfolio in this field , and we have a responsibility to our customers , partners , and shareholders to ensure that competitors do not free ride on our innovations .
We have also consistently taken a proactive approach to licensing to resolve IP infringement by other companies , and have been talking with several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform .
The lawyers up in Redmond seem to have been woken from their slumber with the sudden realization that -- oh look ! --
Google 's Android OS infringes on Microsoft 's boatload of software patents .
How specifically it does so is not identified , but Microsoft believes that elements from both the user interface and the underlying operating system are in violation of its rights .
This is very much in keeping with the Windows maker 's crusade to assert patent claims over Linux , which in the past has garnished it with cross-licensing deals with Amazon and Xandros , as well as a settlement from TomTom .
Lawsuits are not yet being discussed here , but lest you think this is a small - time disturbance , longtime Windows Mobile / Windows
Phone partner HTC has already decided to shorten its list of troubles by ponying up for a license from Microsoft that covers its Android phones -- it would be pretty insane if Microsoft sued one of its biggest and most important hardware manufacturers for patent infringement , after all .
Even still , it 's now an unfortunate fact that HTC is having to pay Microsoft royalties to use Google 's operating system .
Strange days , indeed .
Microsoft deputy general counsel of intellectual property Horacio Gutierrez just sent us a statement saying that the company 's been " talking to several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform . "
We 're taking that to mean the same as above : Microsoft is n't too interested in suing any of its Windows Mobile / Windows
Phone partners , so it 's trying to work out patent license deals with those companies in advance of any nastiness .
It 's an interesting strategy : patents forbid anyone from making , using , or selling your invention , so Redmond can protect its partners while still leaving open the possibility of a lawsuit with Google itself down the line .
In fact , we 'd almost say it seems like Microsoft 's agreement with HTC is as much of a threat to Google as Apple 's lawsuit -- Redmond 's basically saying you can't sell an Android device without paying a license fee , and we'd bet those fees are real close to the Windows Phone 7 license fee .
Clever , clever -- we 'll see how this one plays out .
Here 's Horacio's full statement : [ Thanks , Jack ]
More consumers are keeping up with payments on their credit cards and other loans .
But that is coming at a cost :
They are cutting back sharply on borrowing as they pare back debt .
While that is good for the long - term financial health of households , the development could slow spending and the overall economic recovery .
Consumer borrowing declined ...
Nob War : The Elves
Nob War :
The Elves is a NobStudio game where you guide your elf army alongside your human and centaur allies across 19 levels .
The unit you control directly is the elf army , which shoot arrows at a distance .
You can summon your high defense human allies , who move slower than your elves but have a much higher defense , and will hold off enemies so you can shoot them .
You can also summon centaurs , which will charge an enemy and stun them , which is useful against groups of enemy archers .
The summoned units will last until they die , at which point in time you can summon them again .
There is also the Elvish Vanguard , who move extremely slow , but which take next to no damage .
In the worst case scenario , you can retreat to these bastions of security and then continue to push forward .
There are a variety of upgrades available to you in Nob War : health , unit size , melee and arrow damage , and fire and wave arrow upgrades .
There is also an upgrade that will let you heal all units back to max unit size and health once per level .
These upgrades will prove to be vital on your way to the final level .
Nob
War is better than your average flash game , and is addictive as well .
The controls are intuitive and work very well , and the play style is easy to learn yet difficult to master .
If you ’re looking to play a flash game , I would make Nob War your next .
Play Nob War : The Elves >>
This season I wanted to try out something different from our normal look at 2 – start pitchers every week .
Please let me know what you think of these rankings as well as which you prefer .
The 2010 season kicks off this evening , so the time has come to start setting your line – up .
Who should start ?
Whose match – up is a little bit too risky ?
Let ’s take a look at how I rank the starting pitcher for the upcoming week :
Roy Halladay – Philadelphia Phillies – @ Was , @ Hou Tim Lincecum – San Francisco Giants – @ Hou , vs. Ari Dan Haren – Arizona Diamondbacks – vs. SD , vs. Pit Felix Hernandez – Seattle Mariners – @ Oak , @ Tex Johan Santana – New York Mets – vs. Fla , vs. Was Zack Greinke – Kansas City Royals – vs. Det , vs. Bos Justin Verlander – Detroit Tigers – @ KC , vs. Cle Yovani Gallardo – Milwaukee Brewers – vs. Col , vs. Stl Ubaldo Jimenez – Colorado Rockies – @ Mil , vs. SD CC Sabathia – New York Yankees – @ Bos , @ TB Chris Carpenter – St. Louis Cardinals – @ Cin , @ Mil Josh Beckett – Boston Red Sox – vs. NYY , @ KC Scott Baker – Minnesota Twins – @ LAA , @ CWS Josh Johnson – Florida Marlins – @ NYM , vs. LAD Jered Weaver – Los Angeles Angels – vs. Min , vs. Oak Clayton Kershaw – Los Angeles Dodgers – @ Pit Cole Hamels – Philadelphia Phillies – @ Was Adam Wainwright – St. Louis Cardinals – @ Cin Chad Billingsley – Los Angeles Dodgers – @ Pit Ricky Nolasco – Florida Marlins – @ NYM James Shields – Tampa Bay Rays – vs. Bal , vs. NYY Jake Peavy – Chicago White Sox – vs. Cle Jon Lester – Boston Red Sox – vs. NYY Matt Garza – Tampa Bay Rays – vs. Bal Tommy Hanson – Atlanta Braves – vs. CHC Wandy Rodriguez – Houston Astros – vs. SF A.J. Burnett – New York Yankees – @ Bos , @ TB Carlos Zambrano – Chicago Cubs – @ Atl. @ Cin Edwin Jackson – Arizona Diamondbacks – vs. SD , vs. Pit Matt Cain – San Francisco Giants – @ Hou Javier Vazquez – New York Yankees – @ TB Jorge De La Rosa – Colorado Rockies – vs. SD Mark Buehrle – Chicago White Sox – vs. Cle , vs. Min John Lackey – Boston Red Sox – vs. NYY Brett Anderson – Oakland Athletics – vs. Sea Clay Buchholz – Boston Red Sox – @ KC John Danks – Chicago White Sox – vs. Min Aaron Harang – Cincinnati Reds – vs. StL , vs. CHC Randy Wolf – Milwaukee Brewers – vs. Col , vs. Stl Tim Hudson – Atlanta Braves – @ SF Gavin Floyd – Chicago White Sox – vs. Cle Roy Oswalt – Houston Astros – vs. SF , vs. Phi Rick Porcello – Detroit Tigers – vs. Cle Rich Harden – Texas Rangers – vs. Tor Jair Jurrjens – Atlanta Braves – vs. CHC Max Scherzer – Detroit Tigers – @ KC Vicente Padilla – Los Angeles Dodgers – @ Pit , @ Fla Kevin Millwood – Baltimore Orioles – @ TB , vs. Tor Ryan Dempster – Chicago Cubs – @ Atl Scott Feldman – Texas Rangers – vs. Tor , vs. Sea Derek Lowe – Atlanta Braves – vs. CHC , @ SF Zach Duke – Pittsburgh Pirates – vs. LAD , @ Ari Nick Blackburn – Minnesota Twins – @ LAA , @ CWS Hiroki Kuroda – Los Angeles Dodgers – @ Fla Mike Pelfrey – New York Mets – vs. Was Jeff Niemann – Tampa Bay Rays – vs. Bal Johnny Cueto – Cincinnati Reds – vs. Stl Jon Garland – San Diego Padres – @ Ari , @ Col Joe Saunders – Los Angeles Angels – vs. Min , vs. Oak Mat Latos – San Diego Padres – @ Col Ervin Santana – Los Angeles Angels – vs. Min Kevin Slowey – Minnesota Twins – @ LAA Paul Maholm – Pittsburgh Pirates – vs. LAD Ben Sheets – Oakland Athletics – vs. Sea , @ LAA Shaun Marcum – Toronto Blue Jays – @ Tex , @ Bal Jake Westbrook – Cleveland Indians – @ CWS , @ Det Joel Pineiro – Los Angeles Angels – vs. Min Brett Myers – Houston Astros – vs. SF David Price – Tampa Bay Rays – vs. NYY Ian Kennedy – Arizona Diamondbacks – vs. SD Chris Young – San Diego Padres – @ Ari Ian Snell – Seattle Mariners – @ Oak , @ Tex Dallas Braden – Oakland Athletics – vs. Sea , @ LAA John Lannan – Washington Nationals – vs. Phi , @ NYM Fausto Carmona – Chicago White Sox – @ CWS
Thoughts :
It ’s the first week of the season , so I did n’t weigh a pitcher having two starts as heavily as I will as the year wears on .
Let ’s be honest , how many owners are utilizing a pitch – and – ditch approach at this point ?
One of the hardest decisions was where to place A.J. Burnett on the rankings .
Yes , he ’s a two – start pitcher , but those two starts come against two tough divisional opponents on the road .
That knocks him down a few slots below a couple of single – start options .
I believe in Jon Lester as a Top 10 pitcher for 2010 , but opening up against the Yankees may cause him to get off to a slow start .
This type of match – up is probably the only time all year that you ’ll see Jake Peavy ranked above him .
Ben Sheets has a ton of upside this season , but having missed all of 2009 I just could n’t rank him too highly .
As the year goes on , he easily could find himself significantly higher on these lists .
Cole Hamels and Chad Billingsley both need to get off to a quick start to help fantasy owners forget 2009 .
With their match – ups , they certainly have been given that chance .
As far as one – start pitchers go , they are two of my favorites for Week 1 .
Jorge De La Rosa may seem a bit high at # 32 , but I ’m a big fan of his this season and he has a great match – up .
Given the way he pitched in the second half of 2009 , you have to like his chance to get things off to an equally impressive start .
Mike Pelfrey has struggled this spring , but he showed signs in his final spring outing , giving up just one unearned run over six innings .
Before you point to the lineup the Rays marched out , it had Crawford , Zobrist , Longoria and all their friends in it .
Getting to start the season against the Nationals surely puts him in a good place to get things started .
Will this be the year Ian Snell rediscovers things ?
Time will certainly tell …
Will David Price put things together and live up to the hype ?
He ’s got a tall order in week one , taking on the Yankees .
If he pitches well , his standing in these rankings is going fly upwards .
For this week , however , he ’s just not worth the gamble .
For more information on pitching rotations , check out our 2010 Rotation Tracker by clicking here .
For more information on the closer situations around the league , check out our 2010 Closer Tracker by clicking here .
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
Montessori Education Provides Better Outcomes Than Traditional Methods , Study Finds
September 28 , 2006 — A study comparing outcomes of children at a public inner-city Montessori school with children who attended traditional schools indicates that Montessori education leads to children with better social and academic skills .
The study appears in the September 29 , 2006 issue of the journal Science ( article full text ) .
Montessori education is characterized by multi-age classrooms , a special set of educational materials , student - chosen work in long time blocks , a collaborative environment with student mentors , absence of grades and tests , and individual and small group instruction in academic and social skills .
More than 5,000 schools in the United States , including 300 public schools , use the Montessori method .
The Montessori school studied is located in Milwaukee and serves urban minority children .
Students at the school were selected for enrollment through a random lottery process .
Those students who “ won ” the lottery and enrolled at the Montessori school made up the study group .
A control group was made up of children who had “ lost ” the lottery and were therefore enrolled in other schools using traditional methods .
In both cases the parents had entered their children in the school lottery with the hope of gaining enrollment in the Montessori school .
“ This strategy addressed the concern that parents who seek to enroll their children in a Montessori school are different from parents who do not , ” wrote study authors Angeline Lillard , a University of Virginia professor of psychology , and Nicole Else - Quest , a former graduate student in psychology at the University of Wisconsin .
This was an important factor because parents generally are the dominant influence on child outcomes .
Children were evaluated at the end of the two most widely implemented levels of Montessori education : primary ( 3- to 6 - year - olds ) and elementary ( 6- to 12 - year - olds ) .
They came from families of very similar income levels ( averaging from $ 20,000 to $ 50,000 per year for both groups ) .
The children who attended the Montessori school , and the children who did not , were tested for their cognitive and academic skills , and for their social and behavioral skills .
“ We found significant advantages for the Montessori students in these tests for both age groups , ” Lillard said .
“ Particularly remarkable are the positive social effects of Montessori education .
Typically the home environment overwhelms all other influences in that area . ”
Among the 5 - year - olds , Montessori students proved to be significantly better prepared for elementary school in reading and math skills than the non-Montessori children .
They also tested better on “ executive function , ” the ability to adapt to changing and more complex problems , an indicator of future school and life success .
Montessori children also displayed better abilities on the social and behavioral tests , demonstrating a greater sense of justice and fairness .
And on the playground they were much more likely to engage in emotionally positive play with peers , and less likely to engage in rough play .
Among the 12 - year - olds from both groups , the Montessori children , in cognitive and academic measures , produced essays that were rated as “ significantly more creative and as using significantly more sophisticated sentence structures . ”
The Montessori and non-Montessori students scored similarly on spelling , punctuation and grammar , and there was not much difference in academic skills related to reading and math .
This parity occurred despite the Montessori children not being regularly tested and graded .
In social and behavioral measures , 12 - year - old Montessori students were more likely to choose “ positive assertive responses ” for dealing with unpleasant social situations , such as having someone cut into a line .
They also indicated a “ greater sense of community ” at their school and felt that students there respected , helped and cared about each other .
The authors concluded that , “ … when strictly implemented , Montessori education fosters social and academic skills that are equal or superior to those fostered by a pool of other types of schools . ”
Lillard plans to continue the research by tracking the students from both groups over a longer period of time to determine long - term effects of Montessori versus traditional education .
She also would like to replicate the study at other Montessori and traditional schools using a prospective design , and to examine whether specific Montessori practices are linked to specific outcomes .
Lillard is the author of Montessori : The Science Behind the Genius .
More information is available at : http://www.montessori-science.org/.
Latest Montessori research articles by Dr. Angeline Lillard .
New Zealand 's idiosyncratic give - way road rules are set to change .
Transport Minister Steven Joyce has this morning unveiled the Government 's Safer Journeys 10 - year road safety strategy .
In a speech at parliament , Mr Joyce confirmed a package of measures to tackle teen drivers .
The package will go to Cabinet this month .
It includes :
* Raising the driving age from 15 to 16 ;
* Requiring novice drivers to have 120 hours ' supervised practice before driving alone ;
* Introducing a zero drink - drive limit for drivers under 20 ;
* Better education ;
* An investigation into vehicle power restrictions .
A second package to address alcohol and drug impaired drivers would go to Cabinet next month .
It included compulsory alcohol interlock devices and a zero limit for repeat drink driving offenders .
Much of the Safer Journeys strategy has been foreshadowed over a number of months , but Mr Joyce sprung a couple of surprises this morning .
He said Cabinet would consider changes to the give way rule later in the year and public input would be sought .
The proposed changes would reverse the give way rule , allowing left turning traffic right of way .
At T - intersections , where two cars are turning right , the car turning off the main road would have right of way - reversing the status quo .
New Zealand 's give way rule was introduced in 1977 and holds that a vehicle turning right takes precedence over a vehicle turning left .
New Zealand is the only country in the world with this priority rule .
The Automobile Association says the rules are a factor in 2560 intersection crashes , and one or two deaths , each year .
Some 17 percent of crashes are at intersections .
Among the " first actions " for Safer Journeys is a change to the give way rules for turning traffic .
Documents say that following Cabinet approval , public consultation on proposed changes will be carried out .
" The New Zealand Transport Agency will develop a mass media campaign and supporting resources to introduce the changes , " the Safer Journeys document says .
There were also changes for motorcyclists with Cabinet to consider measures to improve motorcycle rider training and licensing and require licensing of mopeds .
The Government also intended to introduce a power - to - weight restriction for novice riders which would be consulted on through the select committee process .
There would be a review of the traffic offences and penalties for causing death and serious injury .
The document has baulked at changes to the blood alcohol limit for adult drivers , however .
It proposes either lowering the drink drive blood - alcohol limit to 0.05 mg or simply investigating the level of risk posed by drivers with a BAC level of between 0.005 and 0.08 .
This would be decided either way next month .
A water aerobics class in Darwin had to be postponed this morning after a crocodile entered the pool .
The 1.5 metre freshwater croc was spotted in the Howard Springs Holiday Park pool about 30 minutes before the class was due to start .
" We went down like normal to check the pools out - chlorine and test them , give them a scoop out - because [ on ]
Tuesdays and Thursdays the local ladies of Howard Springs do their water aerobics , " the park 's manager , Geoff Thompson said .
" And there was a crocodile in there . "
He said none of the women were keen to start the class at the scheduled time .
" They were all there waiting for the ranger to collect it and once he got it out of the water they started their aerobics , " he said .
Mr Thompson said he first thought someone must have deliberately put the croc in the pool because it has a fence around it .
But he now believes it slipped under a section of the fence .
Parks and Wildlife senior ranger Tom Nichols said his team removed the crocodile about 9am .
" The crocodile gave one of the crocodile management rangers a bit of a run around , having to chase it around the pool , but he managed to capture and remove it with a scoop net , " he said .
" The crocodile did not have any markings so we believe it to be a wild animal .
" While we can't be sure how it got there , it 's likely it came through the swamps that join up from the Howard River . "
He said rangers also removed two saltwater crocodiles , one of which was 3.5 metres long , from traps in Darwin Harbour today .
It is a great pleasure that my 4 hour hack last night lets me now introduce : Sunaba the perl sandbox environment to run any PSGI / Plack applications .
Since we started the Plack project , it has always been my hope that someday we can port this PSGI interface on the " Cloud " infrastructure like Google AppEngine or Heroku for Ruby Rack applications .
The hardest part to implement that is to create a sandbox perl runtime environment , and fortunately Dan Kogai did the hardest part already .
Like an year ago he created this lleval API which runs your code in a sandbox ( chroot + FreeBSD ptrace ) and Shibuya .pm folks tried to jailbreak it , with some interesting results .
You can read the slides how he implemented this sandbox .
I would n't say this is completely secure , but it works pretty well - you can't open local files , run arbitrary XS code nor system ( " rm - fr / " ) . while ( 1 ) would be killed in 1 second timeout .
Meanwhile there are some popular modules besides core modules installed such as LWP , YAML and JSON .
My Sunaba application is just a web frontend with Tatsumaki +
Twiggy +
SQLite , that basically allows you to create and edit applications on the browser , as well as a runner PSGI application that serializes the current PSGI $env and sends it into Dan 's box to get the response back .
All the service restrictions apply , and NO WARRANTY .
But it 's a good playground to toy with the PSGI interface .
Well , Sunaba means " sandbox " in Japanese so you can play and make your hands dirty :)
I can think of more enhancements to this , such as minimal / tiny framework support ( i wonder what 's the source code size limit of Dan 's service - maybe 8 K or something ? ) and the ability to install middleware components etc. etc .
Also , for now Kogai - san 's server is the best I can think of , but theoretically we can run the apps on other sandbox environments such as CodePad or Ideone .
The only difference is that Kogai - san is my friend and it's less likely to be banned for the excessive use :)
Frequently Asked Questions
Can we stop population growth ?
Will there be enough energy ?
Tough questions to be solved in the next 50 years .
We had the privilege to attend this insightful lecture given by Hans Rosling , professor of International Health at Karolinska Institutet and Director of the Gapminder Foundation , together with Prof.
Peter Lund from Aalto University .
The event was organized by Unicef Finland and Aalto University .
Some of the main arguments of the lecture
In 1950 ’s the world could still be divided in “ We ” and “ Them ” , corresponding to the developed countries of west ( low birth rates , high life expectancy ) and to the developing countries ( high birth rates , low life expectancy ) .
As demonstrated by statistics and Trendalyzer software developed by Prof .
Rosling , such division does not apply anymore .
Ensuring adequate health care for women and children in countries with low income will not result in population explosion ( a violent word which we should stop using in connection to having children , as pointed out by Prof. Rosling ) , but in lower child mortality and lower birth rates .
If political , everyday and economic will exists , the gap formed by peak oil and population growth can be bridged with new technologies and renewable sources of energy .
It would cost each one of us here in the northern hemisphere approximately the price of one cup of coffee per day .
“ There is supposed to be this Chinese wall at the company , ” says Mitchell Frank , who books shows for a Los Angeles club , Echoplex .
“ But really , what is to stop them from mining all the data that I collect ? ”
If the merger presents so many potential hazards , why did the Justice Department approve it ?
Several people familiar with the negotiations inside the department said that officials did n’t think they had much choice .
According to Jim Hurwitz , a former Federal Trade Commission lawyer who wrote a paper for the American Antitrust Institute arguing against the merger , Live Nation told the government that it was going to exit the ticketing market no matter what happened with this deal and that it would enter an informal alliance with Ticketmaster if it was n’t allowed to merge .
On the other hand , if it was allowed to merge , the government could exert some control through a consent decree .
In other words , Mr. Hurwitz explained , the choice presented to the Justice Department was this : either let us get married and have a say in our union or try to stop us — in which case , we ’re just going to start seriously dating .
“ My sense also is that Justice was worried about its prospects if it went to court , and it did n’t want to lose its first major case , ” Mr. Hurwitz says .
Ms. Varney of the Justice Department has disputed that notion , saying that it would have litigated if it had n’t won the concessions it wanted .
NOW that Live Nation Entertainment is a reality , how does it intend to grow ?
Mr. Azoff and Mr. Rapino are still coming up with answers .
They want to improve Ticketmaster ’s e-commerce site and look for ways to sell merchandise , fan club memberships and so forth to people buying tickets .
The two executives talk about new pricing models and a better fan experience .
Potentially , these changes are revolutionary .
For years , neither promoter nor ticketer has considered fans as the first priority .
Ticketmaster ’s most important clients are venue owners .
The promoter , of course , worries foremost about the artist .
If you ’ve ever attended a concert and felt treated like an afterthought , now you know why .
But as Live Nation Entertainment tries to create this fan - friendly concert experience and improve its margins , it has tough trends to fight .
The number of new bands with arena - packing power is dwindling .
The company has made few inroads in hip - hop and rap .
We live in a world of downloadable singles , but albums and artists ’ repertoires are what traditionally sell big tours .
Here is the primary risk of why frontloading the US Treasury with ultra-short holdings is just asking for a capital markets / liquidity / solvency / sovereign crisis .
So far in April , the US Treasury has redeemed over $ 484 billion in Bills .
That 's nearly a half a trillion in mandatory cash outflows , interest payments aside .
In April the cash out for interest expense will likely be one twentieth of this .
What people do n't realize is that the Treasury in April was down to just $ 9 billion in cash .
Unless the UST can roll its debt not on a monthly but now weekly basis in greater and greater amounts , the interest rate does n't matter .
All it takes is one semi - failed auction and it's game over as hundreds of billions in bills become payable .
When one adds the redemptions on non-Bill Treasuries , and we get well over half a trillion in redemptions in April alone .
This is better known as a house of cards , balancing on an upside down ladder , located in a puddle of extra slippery oil .
Roll issue aside , the UST issued a net $ 113 billion in debt in April , coupled with a gross cash burn of 27 billion for a net cash outflow in the month of $ 140 billion .
Add the $ 120 billion or so in coupons in the last week of April ( which likely wo n't settle until May ) , and the UST will have a $ 260 billion in cash burn in April .
Updated 12/12/2010 : Support added for tweeting files in Base64 encoded and plain text methods !
The F.A.T. Lab crew have begun the Twitter seeding – with movies , images , code , and other items of copyright or intellectual property .
We ’ve started with code , music , and movies … but we need your help to seed more files to Twitter !
So why is filesharing on Twitter important to FAT Lab ?
Governments and private organizations continue to lock down legitimate file sharing through raids , law suits , and “ consumer protection ” laws & treaties .
And while larger file sharing arenas are targeted , many forget file sharing has existed across many different mediums for decades .
Early filesharing beginning with Usenet groups , where the binary data was converted to text characters and reprocessed for download .
Facsimile machines follow a similar method of dissemination of binary data .
And even ham radio used teletype to transmit photos across long distances by converting photos to ASCII before transmission .
If Twitter is today ’s Usenet and Usenet was used for file sharing years ago , why should n’t Twitter be utilized today for file sharing ?
GET CALDER PLAYOFF TICKETS Tickets for Games 3 ( Monday April 19 ) and 4 ( Wednesday April 21 ) of the North Division Semi Final between the Heat and the Americans are on sale right now !
Call 1-877-452-HEAT
or visit www.abbotsfordheat.com
Game 5 , if necessary is Friday April 23 , also in Abbotsford
I 'm a hard - working straight - line player .
I just want to be an energy guy , a solid defensive guy who can kill penalties and create energy for the team .
- Flames prospect Brett Sutter
Backlund played 23 games this season with the Calgary Flames while Sutter was called up for 10 .
Each player has performed well at the NHL level and management and coaching staff will keep a close eye on their development throughout the AHL playoffs .
“ Mikael has played extremely well .
He ’s going to be a player that ’s going to get a tremendous opportunity next year , ” explained Flames head coach Brent Sutter .
“ He ’s had a chance to get some experience in the minors to grow and mature as a player and has now had a chance to play at the NHL level and proven he can do it .
He now gets to go back to Abbotsford to get a chance to play in the playoffs so he ’ll get to see that part of it too .
” Backlund , a native of Vasteras , Sweden , scored his first NHL goal and added nine assists with the Flames .
He dressed in 54 games with the Heat this year earning 15 goals , 17 assists for 32 points .
He was named as the Reebok / AHL Player of the Week for February 21 - 28 .
“ I started off struggling in Abbotsford but after Christmas I got better and better , ” said Backlund .
“ Then I got called up and since then I ’ve been feeling really good .
I got sent down to AHL during Olympic break and I had more confidence because of the level of play in the NHL .
I think that will help me a lot having been up here ( in Calgary ) to go back to Abbotsford again .
“ Backlund picked up his first point of the playoffs Saturday in Game 2 of the Rochester series on the lone goal scored by the Heat .
He says he does n’t want to change much .
He just has to keep playing the same game as he did up in Calgary .
“ He can help our hockey team , " Sutter predicted .
“ He ’s got skill and is a very intelligent player .
He ’s quick and can make plays and you need that in today ’s game .
There are high expectations for him and rightly so .
He ’s a good player and a great kid . ” Brett Sutter , the son of Flames general manager Darryl , was called up and appeared in 10 games for the Flames and was used primarily in a penalty - killing role while averaging over eight minutes of ice time .
Although he failed to register any points , coach Brent Sutter says he did the job they needed him to do and see the potential in the future .
“ Brett has come in and filled a hole for us , ” Sutter said .
“ He ’s played a role that we needed him to play .
We lost guys due to injury here in the last month or so that are very important players on our hockey team as far as the roles they filled .
We lost three top penalty killers so we needed someone that could kill penalties for us and give us some quality minutes and Brett has done that .
” Despite the disappointing finish to the Flames season , Brett Sutter feels that the mood in the Flames dressing room over the past couple weeks will in fact benefit him as he joins the Abbotsford Heat for the playoffs .
“ It was a tough situation , things did n’t turn out the way that we wanted , ” Brett said .
“ At the same time , I learned a lot and I think there is a lot I can take back to Abbotsford for the playoffs .
It ’s been playoff atmosphere here for the last three weeks or a month that I ’ve been here so I ’m hoping I can take that energy and intensity into the playoffs . ”
Exclusive
Comedian Brad Williams Dwarfism Drug Raises Serious Questions ... But Leave it to Families to Answer !!!
Have you ever combined the first and last sentence of a novel or a song ?
The results are often amusing , and sometimes revelatory .
Posted on March 18 , 2010
Dem Congressman : " If You Do n't Tie Our Hands , We Will Keep Stealing "
Rep. Tom Perriello ( D - VA ) said , " if you do n't tie our hands , we will keep stealing . "
Credit to Steven Peters , Audrey Welborn and the Schilling Show for the find .
Don Blankenship -- Corporate murderer ?
Resistance from mining companies in Kentucky and other states against tougher safety sanctions has created a backlog of cases , clogged the appeals process and -- in some instances -- allowed operators to delay paying hefty fines .
Members of the House Education and Labor Committee took the mining industry to task Tuesday for contributing to a backlog of mine - safety cases amid concerns that such practices put the nation 's miners at risk ...
Mine owners , many of them in Kentucky and other Appalachian states , are litigating 67 percent of all penalties , according to the House committee .
The backlog of cases due for review has jumped from 2,100 in 2006 to approximately 16,000 today .
" Blanket and indiscriminate appeals to the review commission allow irresponsible mine operators to avoid these stiffer penalties , " the [ House Education and Labor C]ommittee 's chairman , Rep. George Miller , D - Calif . , told the panel .
In Kentucky , mine operators appeal 80 percent of the fines for serious safety violations , according to the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration .
The index of the 16,000 backlogged cases is 616 pages long and contains at least $ 195 million in potential fines , according to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission .
Mine safety advocates say the backlog of cases will undermine the 2006 Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act , which is largely credited for improved safety provisions and a reduction of the number of miners who die on the job .
In 2007 , a collapse at Crandall Canyon in Utah killed nine miners .
In 2006 , an underground explosion at the Darby Mine in Harlan County , Ky. , killed five people , and an explosion at the Sago Mine in West Virginia killed 12 miners .
In an age when most CEOs are canny enough to at least pay lip service to the realities of climate change , Blankenship stands apart as corporate America 's most unabashed denier .
Global warming , he insists , is nothing but " a hoax and a Ponzi scheme . "
His fortune depends on such lies : Massey Energy , the nation 's fourth - largest coal - mining operation , unearths more than 40 million tons of the fossil fuel each year -- often by blowing the tops off of Appalachian mountains .
The country 's highest - paid coal executive , Blankenship is a villain ripped straight from the comic books : a jowly , mustache - sporting , union - busting coal baron who uses his fortune to bend politics to his will .
He recently financed a $ 3.5 million campaign to oust a state Supreme Court justice who frequently ruled against his company , and he hung out on the French Riviera with another judge who was weighing an appeal by Massey .
" Don Blankenship would actually be less powerful if he were in elected office , " Rep. Nick Rahall of West Virginia once observed .
" He would be twice as accountable and half as feared . "
On the national level , Blankenship enjoys a position of influence on the board of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which has led the fight to kill climate legislation .
He enjoys inveighing against the " greeniacs " -- including Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and Al Gore — who are " taking over the world . "
And he has even taken to tweeting about climate change : " We must demand that more coal be burned to save the Earth from global cooling . "
In more unguarded moments , however , Blankenship confesses that his over - the - top rhetoric is strategic .
" If it were n't for guys like me , " he says , " the middle would be further to the left . "
He also admits that his efforts to block climate legislation are ultimately self - serving : " It would probably cut our business in half . "
If we define an American Fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings , then there are undoutably several million fascists in the United States .
There are probably several hundred thousand if we narrow the definition to include only those who in their search for money and power are ruthless and deceitful . "
Massey Energy Co.'s sprawling Upper Big Branch mine , which is operated by serial bad faith players Performance Coal ( a Massey front company history of violations for not properly ventilating highly combustible methane gas ) is half an hour south of Charleston , West Virginia .
Yesterday afternoon a massive explosion of the kind Performance has never been properly punished for , killed at least two dozen workers in the mine .
Following 8 years of lax enforcement of safety rules from the Bush administration -- if you can equate no enforcement with " lax " -- Massey has been fined $ 382,000 for repeated serious violations at Upper Big Branch as Labor Secretary Hilda Solis worked to fix the concerted damage corrupt conservatives have done to mine safety .
The company 's CEO , Don Blankenship , has neither committed hari kari nor been lynched -- or even arrested .
He did offer some p.r. hack 's crafted condolences though : " Tonight we mourn the deaths of our members at Massey Energy .
" Am I saying billionaire Blankenship should be executed for murder ?
Well ... he should get a fair trial .
There 's nothing inherently criminal about him funding the teabagger astroturf movement , even if he is contributing mightily to the ruin of our country , But the tragedy in West Virginia puts the spotlight , once again , on greed - driven mining executives , who have done all they could -- with the connivance of conservative legislators in their pockets -- to stifle regulations
Few people outside the coal industry , right - wing political inner circles , and outside West Virginia knew who Blankenship was until January when 's Tim Dickinson did an expose on him as part of a major story on Climate Change deniers .
What emerged was not a pretty picture but Blankenship was not removed from his positions as a grave danger to his employees and to society .
And I 'm serious when I say that criminals like Blankenship deserve fair trials before punishment .
On April 9 , 1944 , Sunday ' sfeatured an article by Vice President Henry Wallace on the danger of American fascism , pointing out that " it pollutes public opinion , encourages intolerance and presents a challenge to our democratic way of life . "
There are few better examples of current American fascism than Don Blankenship .
The dictionary defines fascism as " A system of government that exercises a dictatorship of the extreme right , typically through the merging of state and business leadership , together with belligerent nationalism . "
Thom Hartmann reminds us that " its core governing concept was that the business elite of a nation was far more qualified to run the country than were ' the people . ' "
With European fascism collapsing , Wallace gavereaders this perspective :
This could be inscribed on Blankenship 's headstone ; but it wo n't be .
Have you ever seen an OpenSecrets.org page ?
You 'll need to click on it to make it big enough to read :
Labels : Blankenship , federal regulatory agencies , Henry Wallace , Hilda Solis
Reading List : a Mobile Firefox extension
Update ( October 2010 ) : I changed the name of the add - on from " Read Later " to " Reading List " to avoid confusion with the popular service and Firefox extension called Read It Later .
Hello , Planet Mozilla !
I 'm Matt Brubeck , the newest member of the Mobile Firefox ( Fennec ) front - end team .
I 'm working remotely from Seattle , but you can find me in #mobile during the North American day , or follow me on Buzz / Twitter / etc .
Fennec is a new browser built on the Mozilla platform and sharing much of Firefox 's code and features , but with a UI designed from the ground up for touchscreen devices .
It 's shipping now for Nokia Maemo , and builds should be available very soon ( weeks rather than months , I hope ) for Android 2.x .
To help myself learn Fennec and XUL , I wrote a simple extension called Reading List .
Like Marco Arment 's Instapaper service it stores a list of web pages so you can return to them later .
Unlike Instapaper , my extension does not save pages to a remote server .
Instead , it uses your mobile device 's storage , so you can view saved pages offline .
I use code from Arc90's Readability bookmarklet to extract the main content from the page , save it , and present it in a simple mobile - friendly layout .
One thing the extension can't do ( which Instapaper and other services can ) is synchronize saved pages between computers .
This would be a great feature for a Mobile Firefox add - on , but writing my own sync service is more work than I want to put into this little side project .
A future version may use Weave to sync saved pages , if the size of the data is not a problem .
If you are using a recent Fennec 1.1 build , try out Reading List and let me know what you think .
And if you 're a developer , you can look at the source code to see how a simple Fennec extension works .
Surprising a single gamer deep in the Nebraskan wilderness , an accidental Xbox Live banner release has revealed the presence and impending release of Gears of War 3 .
Obviously being the “ new game ” to be revealed on Jimmy Fallon by Cliff “ Biceps ” Bleszinski , the banner mentions an April 2011 release .
No other information has been revealed , but expect a teaser trailer , at least , this coming Monday .
Obama First Pitch Nationals vs Phillies ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
President Barack Obama threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Nationals home opener against the Philadelphia Phillies today in Washington D.C.
He was wearing a Nationals windbreaker and Chicago White Sox hat -- a nod to his beloved hometown team .
The president was greeted with a mixture of boos and applause after emerging from the Nationals ' dugout .
His opening pitch turned out to be a floater that came in high and off the plate -- no bounce .
His catcher was Nationals third baseman Ryan Zimmerman .
Obama stayed for three innings .
When he left the D.C. team was leading 1 - 0 .
The National League Champion Phillies eventually beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 1 .
Check out more photos and the video below :
When I look at the S&P 500 like most people do , you would expect that this wide cross-section of companies in the U.S. would reflect an accurate measure of the true health of industries in our economy .
Yet the S&P 500 is fully disconnected from any historical measures of valuations .
It is startling to see people talk about the wild swings in the stock market as if this were somehow standard in a regular market .
The S&P 500 fell by a stunning 58 percent from the peak in summer of 2007 to the low in March of 2009 .
But from March of 2009 to February of 2010 the market has rocketed back up by 63 percent .
This kind of massive market volatility is not indicative of a healthy stock market .
This is a symptom of a system that is having a really hard time valuing assets since much of the toxic financial assets are still lurking in the murky black box of many financial institutions .
Let us first look at the S&P 500 price to earnings ratio ( adjusted for inflation ) :
Source : Robert Shiller , www.multpl.com
130 years of data and each major financial crisis has sent the PE ratio falling between the 5 and 10 range .
This crisis has kept PE ratios elevated to the point that the S&P 500 is still valued at twice of what it should be if we use moderate historical valuations .
And if we measure the bubble via earnings , valuations during this bubble got even more out of line compared to those prior to the Great Depression .
Yet in this crisis , valuations never made it down to a more realistic level .
This is endemic of our current financial system where market alchemy is suddenly supplanting any rational analysis of earnings and actual potential growth .
Take a look at inflation adjusted earnings :
Earnings have collapsed during this market turmoil yet the market is up some 63 percent .
What is the rally based on ?
A lot of the rally is based on easy money flowing into financial institutions that are using their black box to make trades and maneuver around accounting rules to make out with billions in profits while the real economy is mired in real fundamental problems .
And this is easy to see since all you need to do is look at how consumer credit has contracted over the crisis :
Now ask yourself the following question ; if we are a consumption based society and a large part of our consumption is fueled by debt , does n’t a massively contracting credit market mean people are spending less ?
Of course .
The above chart merely reflects what average Americans are dealing with .
They are adjusting their household budgets to reflect stagnant wages or lost jobs .
They are battling with the reality that their homes are not worth what they once were during the halcyon days of the bubble .
Yet the stock market has rallied as if we are back to the heyday of 2007 .
This rally is really something to behold :
The only other time we saw such a sharp drop and rally was during the Great Depression .
Yet the depression dragged on for over a decade and here we are less than one year from the bottom of this market correction and all of a sudden we expect the market to be valued at these levels with no justification from actual earnings ?
It just does n’t make any financial sense .
We are back to seeing bubble like behavior .
Middle class Americans are largely not participating in this rally .
Clearly banks are n’t lending anymore even though they clamored for additional funds to provide credit to Americans .
The home loans banks are making are all backed by the U.S. government which only adds further fuel to the flame .
If you really want to see what sector by and large has benefitted the most from this rally , just look at the financial sector :
While the S&P 500 is up 63 percent and that in itself is stunning , the financial sector index is up a stunning 173 percent in this same period .
Have the banks really gotten that much better ?
Is credit really flowing from their doors ?
Not really but banks have managed to take taxpayer money and funnel it back into the stock market that is largely becoming more and more like a casino .
The structure is setup for quick profits even if it means long - term destruction for our economy .
Why try giving a boring 30 year fixed mortgage and earn a modest fee , even though the client will be better off in the long run when you can dish out a toxic mortgage with a high commission but will eventually lead the borrower to ruin ?
That is the structure of our current financial system and nothing has really changed even though we have seen the most volatility since the Great Depression .
The current stock market valuation tells us that the stock market will hit another correction .
Short of incomes going sky high or earnings doubling each subsequent quarter , at a certain point valuations need to come back down to Earth .
Ironically the low reached in March of 2009 actually reflected a more sensible valuation of the economy .
Right now the S&P 500 is betting that things are back to the good old days but clearly this is not the case .
We should now be absolutely cautious when people try to value stocks or assets on potential values and not what reality is currently reflecting .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Using a hair - dryer 's worth of solar power , a sophisticated device will hitch a lift on one of the last - ever space shuttles to try to answer key questions about the universe .
But it so nearly did n't fly , writes Robin McKie
We are in a windowless , airtight room in a basement at Cern , in countryside outside Geneva , where dozens of scientists are gathered round a huge , drum - shaped device .
They make an odd sight .
Each is kitted out in clean - room togs of nylon coats , plastic slippers and hairnets .
Some clutch clipboards .
Other stare into computers linked , via a maze of cabling on the floor , to the 10 - tonne machine in the centre of the room .
In total , more than 500 scientists from 56 institutions across Europe , China and Taiwan have worked in these conditions to provide free labour and expertise to build the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer , one of the most complex and controversial instruments ever built to carry out astronomical research .
In the midst of this apparent scientific confusion , the impassive figure of the Nobel prize - winning physicist Sam Ting orchestrates proceedings as if by telepathy .
He rarely speaks and never smiles .
" Enjoy ! " was his only utterance to me when I joined his group of assistants to watch them in action .
I discovered later that this represented an unusually effusive greeting for the 74 - year - old physicist .
Such paucity of speech contrasts dramatically with Ting 's ambition , however .
He has laboured for the past 15 years to build an instrument that is likely to be flown on the last - ever mission by the space shuttle to the International Space Station where , for the next three years , it will survey the skies in a bid to answer key questions about the universe .
Where do cosmic rays come from ?
Could there be galaxies made of antimatter on the other side the universe ?
And what is the true nature of dark matter ?
Scientists consider the AMS to be a masterpiece of space engineering .
It fits snugly into the hold of the space shuttle but exploits the same technology that is used to run giant particle colliders like Cern 's Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) – including a super - conducting magnet whose currents will be chilled to minus 270C .
" Basically , the AMS is an all - purpose particle detector moved into space , " says Ting , who is based at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Such scientific sophistication is all the more the striking because the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer is destined to be the only instrument capable of carrying out any kind of serious research on the space station , which has been heavily criticised for the flimsiness of its scientific aspirations .
It possesses no other dedicated specialised equipment .
Experiments carried out there will be limited to fairly trivial research on materials and biology in zero - gravity conditions .
In 2002 , a US National Academy of Sciences report described the station as a waste of money that would " never achieve the status of a world - class research laboratory " .
The one exception to such criticism is the AMS .
Its scope and design are groundbreaking .
It will study cosmic ray particles that have energies comparable with particles created by the LHC ( the largest particle accelerator ever built ) .
Yet the AMS will run on only 2.5 kilowatts of power – less than that needed to run a hair - drier – which will be generated by its solar panels .
" The official price of the AMS is $ 300 m , " says Professor Martin Pohl of Geneva University , a team leader for this project .
" But if you add in the cost of scientists ' time , as well as the cost of the shuttle launch , which is America 's contribution to the project , then you get a price tag of more than $ 1.5 bn , which is close to that of the LHC .
But then this is a very special machine . "
Special it certainly is , but the AMS has also proved controversial and its inclusion in the station 's construction has been bedevilled by political intrigue .
The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( Nasa ) , under the leadership of its previous administrator , Michael Griffin , flatly refused to fly the device to the space station .
Particle physics had no place there , it was decreed , and for many years it seemed as if the AMS would end up languishing in a Nasa storeroom despite the vast sums spent on its construction .
Cosmic rays were discovered in 1912 by the Austrian physicist Victor Hess .
On balloon flights , he found that atoms of nitrogen , oxygen and other gases were being ionised in increasing numbers as he gained height .
Some form of radiation was beaming down on Earth and knocking electrons from atoms of these gases in the upper atmosphere , he realised .
These mysterious interstellar visitors were subsequently called cosmic rays , though today we know they are not actually rays .
They are sub-atomic particles – mostly protons and alpha particles – that stream down on our planet at colossal energy , sometimes travelling close to the speed of light .
The origin of these emanations remains a mystery , though scientists do have their ideas .
" The lighter cosmic ray particles are probably leftovers from the Big Bang , " says Professor Pohl .
" The heavier ones were probably blown into space by supernovae explosions . "
It will be one of the key tasks of the AMS to solve this mystery .
The device is , in effect , a large tube surrounded by a powerful , super - conducting magnet .
The mighty field it generates will deflect particles as they fly through the tunnel while instruments , similar to those used in the LHC , will determine the charge , mass , velocity and energy of those particles .
" Basically , we will point it at deep space and see what comes through , " says Chris Tutt , one of the project 's US managers .
This is a crucial point , for it is not just cosmic rays that scientists expect to fly into the AMS .
They have a whole shopping list of other entities they hope will pop up in its detectors , including that most mysterious of substances , antimatter .
Theories indicate that equal amounts of antimatter and normal matter should have been created in the Big Bang .
Thus the universe should have its fair share of antimatter galaxies .
These in turn should be filled with antimatter stars with their own antimatter worlds .
If we take the idea of this mirror - image universe far enough , we could envisage these antimatter worlds containing antimatter people who live in antihomes and sit on antichairs with anti-antimacassars on the back .
At least that 's the theory .
Unfortunately , despite considerable efforts , researchers have found not a single atom of antimatter in their searches .
A brief flight by an early version of the AMS on the shuttle in 1998 revealed no signs of antimatter , while a joint Russian - Italian probe called Pamela – the Payload for Antimatter Exploration and Light Nuclei Astrophysics – has drawn a similar cosmological blank .
These experiments have worked on the assumption that just as normal cosmic ray particles are produced by stars made of normal matter , then antimatter cosmic rays should be detectable if they are being sprayed into space from antimatter sources .
An anti-particle which enters the AMS tunnel will bend in the opposite direction to a normal cosmic ray particle because it has a different electrical change and the AMS 's detectors will reveal its presence .
" The AMS is designed to tell the difference between positively charged and negatively charged cosmic rays , " says Pohl .
" So if we start picking up heavy particles of antimatter that means that somewhere nearby there is a pocket of antimatter .
It could even mean there is antimatter star near us .
Imagine ! "
In fact , Pohl is pretty sure that anti-matter from a local star will not pop up on the AMS 's detectors .
At very best , it may pick up one or two heavy ions of antimatter that have hurtled towards us from an antimatter galaxy at the other end of the universe .
" We have already found on our brief early flight of AMS on the space shuttle that there is no sign of the stuff in our galaxy or even in our local cluster of satellites .
" I do n't think we will find anti-matter , " he adds , " and in a way that is a far more fascinating prospect .
We have had 13 billion years for the universe 's antimatter to disappear but we have no idea how that could have happened .
It will therefore be more fascinating not to find antimatter than to find it .
We will learn more from not observing something than from observing it . "
This is a mouth - watering prospect if you care about the structure of the universe .
Nor is issue of antimatter 's existence the only contentious issue that AMS may help resolve .
There is also the prospect that it will detect dark matter .
Astronomers are convinced that as yet undetected particles permeate the universe providing galaxies with extra mass .
Some of these strange little entities may show up on the AMS 's instruments and open up a complete new chapter in cosmological physics .
Certainly , great things are expected of the AMS , which makes the battle to fly it to the space station so remarkable .
In the end , faced by the intransigeance of Nasa , Ting lobbied the US Congress , backed by Nobel laureates such as Steven Weinberg .
" Ting may say little but when he wants something he can be very persuasive , " says Steve Myers , Cern 's director of accelerators .
For his part , Weinberg was unequivocal .
Results from the AMS would be the only significant science ever done on the space station .
This device could make discoveries that are earth - shattering .
Nasa chief Michael Griffin was hauled before a hearing in 2008 .
" It is almost like cutting off our nose to spite our face , " said a dismayed Bill Nelson , the Democrat senator for Florida .
A year later , Griffin was replaced by the current Nasa chief , Charles Bolden .
" Five days later , we were back on the launch manifest for the space shuttle , " says Pohl .
Finally , an act of Congress was passed to ensure that the AMS would be flown to the space station before the US shuttle fleet is grounded at the end of this year .
This flight is currently scheduled to take place in July , on the penultimate shuttle launch , although Pohl has warned the AMS is unlikely to be ready until the end of the year , most probably on the shuttle 's very last flight .
If so , it will make a dramatic finale for the space shuttle , for the AMS will provide scientists , for the first time , with a complex detector , stationed outside Earth 's atmosphere , that will allow them to study high - energy particles in space .
Anything could turn up in its detectors .
As Sam Ting says : " We will be exploring whole new territories .
The possibility for discovery is off the chart . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York police doubled patrols of the subway system and sent a battery of police cars to transit hubs as a precaution on Monday following the Moscow subway bombings .
In Washington , police sent bomb - sniffing dogs to random Metro stations and rail yards as part of heightened security associated with the Moscow attacks , in which two female suicide bombers killed at least 38 people on packed metro trains during rush hour on Monday .
Though the Moscow bombings appear related to the conflict in the North Caucasus and New York ’s greatest threat is seen as coming from al Qaeda , police enacted the same security detail that they roll out after any attack elsewhere in the world .
This time it closely follows one man ’s admission he was plotting a suicide bombing of New York subways with al Qaeda training .
“ We do n’t have any information suggesting that it ’s related ( to al Qaeda ) but as a precaution we are increasing coverage , ” police spokesman and Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said .
The city ’s fleet of “ critical response vehicles ” that guard sensitive locations were sent to mass transit hubs such as Grand Central Terminal and Penn Station , Browne said .
Officers patrolling the subways overnight were kept on duty as the morning shift reported , practically doubling the number of officers .
The city may also send a detective to Moscow , as it often does following similar attacks around the world , Browne said .
The New York Police Department has detectives in 11 foreign cities working to prevent foreign extremists from hitting New York , which has been attacked twice -- on September 11 , 2001 , and in a 1993 truck bombing of the World Trade Center .
The New York subway system security came under intense scrutiny after the transit attacks on Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005 .
On February 22 , Afghan immigrant Najibullah Zazi pleaded guilty to plotting a suicide bomb attack on New York City subways with al Qaeda training for what would have been the worst attack on the United States since 2001 .
“ Whether they are related or not our standard operating procedure is to take precautions until more is known , ” Browne said .
Coincidentally on Monday , Washington ’s Metro was holding a planned drill simulating a bus explosion in the parking lot of a sports stadium .
That coincided with the sweeps of train stations , the locations of which were not being announced in advance .
“ When we opened the Metro system this morning , we did so with heightened security , ” Metro Transit Police Acting Chief Jeri Lee said in a statement .
“ We remain an open system and we do what we can to be as secure as possible . ”
Photo Provided Close
Binghamton Mayor Matthew Ryan announced Tuesday that he would reevaluate his decision to install a digital sign on Binghamton City Hall that would display the cost of American wars .
The decision to reconsider the installation of the “ Cost of War Counter ” came after criticism that the sign would be a slight to military service members .
The electronic sign , which was planned to display the millions of taxpayer dollars that Broome County residents pay to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , is part of the Broome County Cost of War Project , an awareness campaign to encourage community dialogue about the financial costs of war on local residents .
Unveiled April 14 , the sign was set to hang on the side of City Hall overlooking State Street , across from the Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena .
In total , Broome County residents raised about $ 6,000 in donations to fund the counter .
No tax dollars were used to pay for the sign .
Susan McAnanama , the Cost of War project coordinator , said she initiated the project to address the “ invisible topic ” of how much the government spends on war .
“ Whether you are pro-war or anti-war , this will at least do something to have both sides heard , ” McAnanama said before Ryan ’s Tuesday announcement .
But Paul , a Vietnam Veteran living in Johnson City who requested that his full name not be disclosed for privacy reasons , said he thought Ryan could have concentrated more on local politics within Broome County — gangs , infrastructure and student safety — rather than on federal politics .
“ He needs to fix problems [ that ] he is responsible for , ” Paul said .
Ryan supported the Cost of War Counter as a way for mayors to fulfill their responsibilities to preserve city infrastructure .
Ryan joins mayors Richard Daley of Chicago and Thomas Menino of Boston among a growing number of political leaders against the amount of military spending .
“ We are all making the connection that it is now impossible to provide the essential services that our citizens expect and deserve if we continue to spend so many dollars on one part of government — our military , ” Ryan announced during the public unveiling of the sign at City Hall .
The counter would have displayed weekly financial statistics provided by the National Priorities Project ( NPP ) , a research organization that analyzes and clarifies federal data to examine how tax dollars are spent .
A study by NPP reported that an average family in New York paid $ 5,024 in federal income taxes in 2008 , of which $ 1,477 were directed to the military .
The study also stated that Binghamton taxpayers have contributed over $ 138.6 million to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars since 2001 .
The War Resisters League , a secular pacifist organization for nonviolent revolutions , estimates that the 2009 federal fiscal budget dedicated $ 954 billion , or 36 percent of income taxes , toward current military funding out of a total of $ 2,650 billion available federal funds .
The text of the draft Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement was finally released to the public yesterday .
We welcome the official release of the ACTA text after two years of negotiations .
We can now have a serious public debate about its content and far - reaching impact on citizens ' lives .
If the previous leaks ( here , here , here and here ) left any doubt , the officially released text makes it crystal clear that ACTA is not just about counterfeiting .
When ACTA was announced two years ago , it was portrayed as a modest effort at increasing coordination between customs agencies tracking counterfeit physical goods .
The officially released text shows that it 's far broader .
First , it is not just about trademarks ; it covers copyright , potentially patents , and all other forms of intellectual property .
Second , it 's not just about physical goods .
It 's all about the Internet — which it targets very specifically — and citizens ' ability to use it to communicate , collaborate and create .
ACTA contains new potential obligations for Internet intermediaries , requiring them to police the Internet and their users , which in turn pose significant concerns for citizens ' privacy , freedom of expression and fair use rights .
Read on for our preliminary analysis on copyright issues .
Unlike previously leaked ACTA documents , the official ACTA text does not contain countries ' negotiating stances , so it actually contains less information than the most recent leaked documents .
However we presume ACTA followers will be reading the official text alongside the leaked 18 January 2010 annotated text , and in many places will be able to work out the originator of particular text .
It 's obvious that there is still quite a bit of disagreement between negotiating countries about the scope of ACTA ( in particular , whether it extends to patents , as Japan and the EU have sought ) and some of its fundamental features .
As expected , much text is enclosed by square brackets — indicating that it has not been approved by all countries — and in several places there are multiple proposals .
There are recurrent disagreements about whether obligations should be mandatory or discretionary , which will lead to heated future lobbying battles in the various ACTA countries ' national legislatures .
The official text raises several concerns :
First , ACTA contains a number of provisions that are inconsistent with US law , despite the oft - repeated claim of the USTR that ACTA will " color within the lines of US law " .
For instance , the text includes a EU proposal , for criminal sanctions for " inciting , aiding and abetting " intellectual property infringement ( Article 2.15 ( 2 ) ] .
That language is taken from the draft 2007 EU IPR enforcement criminal sanction directive .
US copyright law does not recognize the concept of " inciting " copyright infringement , so it is unclear what this means and when it would apply .
This raises the concern that ACTA could expand the scope of secondary copyright liability for Internet intermediaries , consumer device manufacturers and software developers , beyond the boundaries of the doctrines enunciated by US courts .
Next , ACTA 's chapter on " Special Measures Related to Technological Enforcement of Intellectual Property in the Digital Environment " contains a proposal ( apparently put forward by Japan , based on the leaked 18 January 2010 draft ) requiring ACTA signatories to enable IP rightsholders to expeditiously obtain subscriber identity information from ISPs after giving " effective notification " ( Article 2.18 ( 3ter ) ( Option 2 ) .
This appears to be inconsistent with US standards of due process and judicial oversight .
US copyright holders must currently file a lawsuit and seek a court injunction to force ISPs to disclose such information .
Further , ACTA 's civil enforcement chapter includes two proposals for UK - style loser - pays attorney fee awards , something that is not common practice in US civil litigation ( Article 2.2.5 ) .
In each of these examples the proposals are in square brackets and have not been agreed by all negotiating countries .
In relation to the " inciting " proposal , footnote 39 notes that " At least one delegation has asked for the deletion of paragraph 3 " ( sic ) .
Hence , there 's no guarantee that this language will be in the final ACTA , but the key question is how will this be resolved in a way that does not involve changes to US law , or to EU law , as EU negotiators have claimed ?
The official text also contains a number of provisions that appear to be based on parts of US copyright law , but are either incomplete or inaccurate characterizations of US law .
For instance , ACTA requires countries to adopt laws prohibiting circumvention of copyright owners ' technological protection measures modeled on the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( discussed in more detail below ) .
But ACTA does not precisely mirror the DMCA ; in particular , it does not includes the seven exceptions in section 1201 of the Copyright Act , nor the triennial rulemaking process in section 1201 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( C ) , which provide a small measure of flexibility .
ACTA contains two proposals that would permit ( but not require ) countries to create exceptions to these bans .
In addition , as currently framed , particularly if read in conjunction with square - bracketted Article 2.18 ( 5 ) or ( 4.2 ) , the ACTA provisions are inconsistent with recent US Circuit court judgments on the scope of the US provisions , which required a nexus between copyright infringement and legal protection for TPMs .
As a result , the ACTA text would require signatories to adopt anti-circumvention prohibitions that are even broader than those in U.S. law .
Similarly , ACTA requires countries to adopt third party liability , but several proposals only permit , and do not require , countries to create limitations on the liability of Internet intermediaries , and contain vague limitations that are weaker than the limitations on monetary damages against Internet intermediaries found in the US safe harbor provisions .
Second , ACTA contains provisions that could constrain the ability of the US Congress to engage in legislative reform to meet changing public policy needs .
The ACTA text contains a proposal mandating countries to adopt statutory damages .
While US copyright law contains a statutory damages regime , it is subject to an important limitation for innocent infringement done without knowledge , allowing judges to reduce or remit statutory damages in certain circumstances .
ACTA includes a limitation provision , but it is discretionary , leaving it up to ACTA countries to decide whether to transpose it in their national law ( Article 2.2 ( 3 ) ) .
Even with this important limitation , the US statutory damages regime has led to disproportionately large awards of damages against individuals in the file - sharing context , far exceeding the actual harm caused , and has had a significant chilling effect on innovation by Internet intermediaries and technology creators , who cannot afford to be threatened with statutory damages for engaging in activity that might be found to be fair use , or infringement .
For that reason , Congress has been considering statutory reform in this area , ( for instance in H.R. 1201 before the 110th Congress ) .
ACTA would appear to lock - in the existing regime , to the detriment of US citizens and the technology sector .
Similarly , the inclusion of the DMCA TPM provisions in ACTA could act as a constraint on Congress ' ability to amend the DMCA to clarify the scope or address other concerns with the current anti-circumvention provisions , such as those contained in the respective reform proposals of Representatives Boucher and Lofgren .
Third , ACTA will create new international norms , beyond those agreed in the 1994 Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property and the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty and Performances and Phonograms Treaty .
Aside from creating a new international institution -- the ACTA Oversight Committee -- ACTA will create new norms in the following areas .
( a) Internet Intermediary Liability
Internet intermediaries are the chokepoints for the Internet .
Creating or increasing Internet intermediaries ' liability for their users ' behavior and content on their networks creates incentives for intermediaries to police their users and platforms .
This in turn has a direct impact on citizens ' privacy , freedom of expression , and ability to create and collaborate .
Policy makers in the 1990s understood that Internet intermediaries had to be shielded from potentially unbounded liability if the Internet was to flourish .
That is why many countries adopted special legal regimes for Internet Service Providers and other Internet intermediaries , limiting their potential legal liability for copyright infringement , and defamation .
Now , as more and more of our cultural and civic life depends on the existence of content hosting platforms , discussion forums , wikis and social networking communities , these rules have come to have even greater significance .
In short , appropriately tailored limitation of liability regimes for Internet intermediaries are key to individuals ' freedom of expression and user generated content .
The existing limitation of liability regimes are under attack in a range of national and international venues , but ACTA is the most troubling .
ACTA contains various provisions requiring countries to impose liability on intermediaries for their users ' behavior ( Article 2.18 ( 3 ) ) .
This would apply to Internet intermediaries , but also to intermediaries such as libraries and educational institutions , which frequently provide Internet access to their customers and users .
This is not required by any of the major international IP treaties – not by the 1994 Trade Related Aspects of IP Agreement , nor the WIPO Copyright Treaty or WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty , and so would establish a new global norm .
Previous ACTA leaks disclosed that the US was proposing that signatory countries recognize third party liability based on the secondary copyright liability doctrines developed by US courts , including for " inducement " of copyright infringement .
( Apparently opposed by New Zealand , Canada , the EU and perhaps Japan ) .
The official text shows that this is still proposed .
Footnote 47 states that :
" [ For greater clarity , the Parties understand that third party liability means liability for any person who authorizes for a direct financial benefit , induces through or by conduct directed to promoting infringement , or knowingly and materially aids any act of copyright or related rights infringement by another …. ] "
As others have noted , the language here and in previously leaked texts does not accurately reflect US case law in this area , and effectively takes one side in an ongoing debate about the interpretation of the 2005 Supreme Court decision in MGM v. Grokster .
The official text also contains other potential new sources of liability for intermediaries , including a proposal for pre-litigation injunctions against intermediaries ( Article 2.5 X ) .
ACTA allows , but does not require , countries to create limitations on intermediaries ' civil liability ( Article 2.18 ( 3 ) , Options 1 and 2 and Footnote 47 ) .
However , unlike the US safe harbor provisions , the ACTA text does not specify what types of limitations of liability can be created , and for what activities .
This may reflect an effort to find compromise language between the safe harbor regime in section 512 of the US Copyright Act and similar provisions in the laws of US Free Trade Agreement partners , the European Union 's eCommerce Directive framework , and Japanese law .
Much would then depend on the national implementation and judicial interpretations of these provisions in ACTA countries .
This creates the potential for US Internet companies to be subject to more onerous requirements and higher levels of liability in other countries in which they operate .
And this in turn , is likely to have an adverse impact on citizens ' freedom of expression , and ability to access content hosted on platforms in different countries .
( b) Three Strikes
" Graduated response " or " three strikes " regimes which require ISPs to disconnect their subscribers '
Internet access for alleged copyright infringement are extremely controversial .
Three strikes laws currently exist in only three countries – South Korea , France and Taiwan , province of China * – so inclusion in ACTA might result in more countries adopting such regimes .
This has rightly been the subject of much debate in Europe , where the European Parliament has categorically rejected three strikes regimes on several occasions .
Accordingly , the European Commission went to considerable lengths in their press release yesterday to emphasize that ACTA does not require countries to adopt three strikes laws :
The negotiation draft shows that specific concerns , raised in particular by the civil society , are unfounded .
No party in the ACTA negotiation is proposing that governments should introduce a compulsory " 3 strikes " or " gradual response " [ sic ] rule to fight copyright infringements and internet piracy .
We agree that ACTA does not require countries to adopt a three strikes law , but the more interesting question is : does it create a legal framework that facilitates that ?
Article 2.18 ( 3 ) of ACTA contains three proposals in this area .
In our view , the answer is yes under at least two of those proposals .
Here 's why .
The words " graduated response " and " three strikes " do not appear in the official ACTA text .
The three strikes discussion is taking place in the context of intermediary liability for copyright infringement .
The first proposal , put forward by the US , in Option 1 of Article 2.18.3 ( on page 21 ) , sets out conditions that intermediaries will need to comply with in order to get the benefit of limitation of liability provisions that countries might enact .
The US proposes that online service providers should be required to adopt and reasonably implement a policy " to address the unauthorized storage or transmission of materials protected by copyright " .
A previously leaked European Commission memo describes how US negotiators had explained the intent of this provision :
" On the limitations from 3rd party liability : to benefit from safe harbors , ISPs need to put in place policies to deter unauthorised storage and transmission of IP infringing content ( ex : clauses in customers ' contracts allowing , inter alia , a graduated response ) .
From what we understood , the US will not propose that authorities need to create such systems .
Instead they require some self - regulation by ISPs . "
And footnote 29 in the leaked 18 January 2010 consolidated text stated that :
" An example of such a policy is providing for the termination in appropriate circumstances of subscriptions [ US : and ] [ AUS : or ] accounts on the service provider 's system or network of repeat infringers . "
That footnote has now disappeared .
If the US proposal is adopted in the final ACTA language , what constitutes appropriate policies for this purpose will therefore be a question for interpretation by national policymakers and perhaps by the ACTA Oversight Committee , which is tasked with monitoring and evaluating whether signatories ' laws comply with ACTA .
The EU has tabled its own proposal ( in square brackets in Option 2 on page 21 ) .
It would permit countries to create a system requiring ISPs to terminate particular subscribers upon receipt of an order from a judicial or administrative body should they be inclined to do so – as in the French HADOPI law 's internet disconnection regime .
" [ Paragraph 3 ( a ) shall not affect the possibility for a judicial or administrative authority in accordance with the Parties legal system , requiring the service provider to terminate or prevent an infringement , nor does it affect the possibility of the parties establishing procedures governing the removal or disabling of access to information . "
While this might be consistent with one EU Member States ' national law , creating the global framework for ISP termination obligations on the basis of a non-judicial administrative body order poses significant due process concerns for citizens .
A third proposal is in square brackets in Article 2.18 ( 3 quater ) , apparently put forward by Japan .
It states that :
" Each Party shall promote the development of mutually supportive relationships between online service providers and right holders to deal effectively with patent , industrial design , trademart and copyright or related rights infringement which takes place by means of the Internet , including the encouragement of establishing guidelines for the actions which should be taken . "
This language would also leave room for a Three Strikes policy .
If ACTA incorporates the EU proposal permitting regimes requiring ISPs to terminate Internet access by non-judicial administrative order , or the US or Japanese proposals for conditions that ISPs must comply with to obtain the benefit of a limitation on liability , it will create a new global norm - facilitating an ISP practice of Internet user disconnection on the basis of copyright holder allegations of copyright infringement .
( c) Technological Protection Measures – a Global DMCA
As we have previously noted ACTA would make the US DMCA TPM legal framework the de facto global norm , effectively displacing the more open - ended language finally adopted in the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty and Performances and Phonograms Treaty .
The US TPM regime contains at least three characteristics that are broader than what is required to implement the WIPO Treaty obligations .
First , it creates an absolute ban on TPM circumvention , even where done for lawful non-copyright infringing purposes .
Second , it requires legal protection for TPMs that control access ( and not just use ) of technologically protected copyrighted works .
( To which Japan strenuously objected in the leaked 18 January 2010 text . )
Third , it includes a broad prohibition on the manufacture and distribution of circumvention devices .
Fourth , it requires criminal penalties for flouting the TPM circumvention bans , while the WIPO treaties are silent on this point .
Other countries have chosen to implement the WIPO treaties by creating TPM legal regimes with different features to avoid some of the collateral damage experienced in the US .
If ACTA contains an obligation to adopt the DMCA TPM framework , the US will be able to achieve what it was not able to do by international agreement in Geneva in 1996 , and has only been able to do on a piecemeal basis since then via its bilateral free trade agreements .
( d) Criminalization of Individuals ' Non-Commercial Behavior
Finally , ACTA could rewrite the current internationally agreed standards for criminal penalties for copyright and trademark infringement .
At the time that the TRIPS Agreement was negotiated it was understood that criminal penalties would be reserved for the worst cases of willful , commercial - scale copyright piracy and counterfeiting .
This is reflected in the language of Article 61 of TRIPs .
However , ACTA could expand this , imposing criminal sanctions for individuals ' non-commercial activities via a broad definition of " commercial scale " .
ACTA contains a US proposal to define " commercial scale " to include activities that have no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain ( Article 2.14 ( 1 ) ( a ) and ( b ) ( in square brackets ) ) .
While that appears consistent with US law , incorporating this in ACTA would amount to a wholesale re-write of the internationally agreed TRIPs standard .
This clearly reflects a desire to penalize P2P file - sharing .
But no matter what views you hold about file - sharing , no one should lose sight of the larger impact of this : some of the 37 countries negotiating ACTA are seeking to overturn the standards agreed to by the more than 150 member countries of the World Trade Organization .
There is much more to digest in the official ACTA text .
We 'll be doing further analysis in coming days .
(*)
As part of EFF 's application to become an accredited NGO at the United Nations , we have been requested to use that organization 's official terminology : Taiwan , province of China .
Researchers from the University of Valencia ( UV ) have investigated the brain structures involved with empathy -- in other words , the ability to put oneself in another person 's position -- and carried out a scientific review of them .
They conclude that the brain circuits responsible for empathy are in part the same as those involved with violence .
" Just as our species could be considered the most violent , since we are capable of serial killings , genocide and other atrocities , we are also the most empathetic species , which would seem to be the other side of the coin , " says Luis Moya Albiol , lead author of the study and a researcher at the UV .
This study , published in the most recent issue of the Revista de Neurología , concludes that the prefrontal and temporal cortex , the amygdala and other features of the limbic system ( such as insulin and the cingulated cortex ) play " a fundamental role in all situations in which empathy appears . "
Moya Albiol says these parts of the brain overlap " in a surprising way " with those that regulate aggression and violence .
As a result , the scientific team argues that the cerebral circuits -- for both empathy and violence -- could be " partially similar . "
" We all know that encouraging empathy has an inhibiting effect on violence , but this may not only be a social question but also a biological one -- stimulation of these neuronal circuits in one direction reduces their activity in the other , " the researcher adds .
This means it is difficult for a " more empathetic " brain to behave in a violent way , at least on a regular basis .
" Educating people to be empathetic could be an education for peace , bringing about a reduction in conflict and belligerent acts , " the researcher concludes .
Techniques for measuring the human brain in vivo , such as functional magnetic resonance imaging , are making it possible to find out more about the structures of the brain that regulate behaviour and psychological processes such as empathy .
Congressman Charles Rangel was far from humbled after the ethics committee admonished him for taking corporate - paid Caribbean junkets in violation of the House ethics code .
Rather , the New York Democrat berated the panel ’s leaders on the House floor .
The moment was characteristic of Mr. Rangel ’s arrogance throughout the investigation , which continues into more serious allegations about his official behavior .
It is one more reason why Speaker Nancy Pelosi  who championed ethics reform  should stop protecting him and relieve him of his crucial role as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee .
The ethics committee found that the trips  ostensibly for information gathering  by Mr. Rangel and four other members of the Congressional Black Caucus were financed by major corporations with money funneled through a charity affiliated with The New York Carib News .
It said that two of Mr. Rangel ’s staff members knew about the back - door financing but hid that fact when the committee was asked to pre-approve the trips .
Mr. Rangel protested he did not know and “ common sense ” should dictate that he not be held responsible .
The committee properly concluded that he should be admonished for his staffers ’ blatant misconduct .
Though we may not say “ Good Night ” quite as often as we say “ Hello , ” it is nonetheless something that the vast majority of us do every day .
When we wish [ … ]
The good news : there ’s new and exciting opportunities opening themselves to us .
The bad news ; some people are hilariously unquestioning .
It has been an even more entertaining than usual couple of days in the alarmosphere .
I ’d been traveling the last week , doing TV station work and station surveys .
While on the road I discovered through an email that I was the subject of a YouTube Video called “ Climate Crock of the Week ” .
The video was about my surfacestations.org project and was titled “ What ’s up with Watts ? ” .
It was sad and funny at the same time , and as is typically the case with our old friends it was directed at me personally , far more than it tried substance .
Equally typically , and sadly , what substance it tried turned out to be wrong .
I continued on my travels , my friend Dr. Roger Pielke Sr. posted an opinion on it last week to address some of the issues .
Little did I know bizarro land awaited upon my return home .
Sitting down Saturday night , to watch the video again , detecting through its exquisite subtleties and nuance , I could n’t help but laugh , because once again I noticed that everything reported in it was just wrong .
In fact , it probably was the worst job of fact - finding I had ever seen , which as WUWT readers know , is a bold assessment .
I ’ve been involved in broadcast TV news for 25 years , and have seen some really bad work from greenhorns fresh out of reporters school .
This video reminded me of those .
It was as if whoever put it together had never researched it , but just strung together a bunch of graphics , video , photos , and a monotone voice - over track with ad hominems liberally sprinkled for seasoning .
I figured it was probably just an overzealous college student out to save the world and this was some college project .
It had that air of radical burningman quality about it .
Curiosity piqued , I inquired into just who is this climate Solon ?
To my surprise , he turned out to be an “ independent film producer ” working out of his house in Midland , MI under the name “ Greenman Studio ” , one Peter Sinclair , a proud graduate of Al Gore ’s Climate Camp .
I still figured him to be a kid and imagined his mom was yelling down into the basement “ Peter that ’s too loud , turn it down ! ” .
I also wondered if it was the same “ Green Man ” that had once prompted surfacestations volunteer Gary Boden to create this nifty patch :
This came about because my now defunct local “ Alternate Weekly ” had a ghost writer named “ green man ” who penned an unintentionally ( I think ) hilarious editorial about me and the www.surfacestations.org project back in 2007 in which he wrote the famous line :
“ The Reverend Anthony WTF Watts and his screeching mercury monkeys … ”
… in response to our daring to survey the weather stations nationwide .
The “ mercury ” is reference to thermometers .
What was funny is that in my original story , one of my commenters posted a silly comment about well , “ green stuff ” and the editor of the local “ Alternate Weekly ” went ballistic and demanded I remove it and gave me a stern lecture on libel .
I was happy to comply not out of legal obligation but courtesy and deleted the comment .
Is this Green Man the same guy ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
OK back to the present .
I checked my email for some correspondence from Mr. Sinclair for the past week and found none , and looked back even further to see if he had contacted me about the surfacestations project weeks before in email or in my letters pile .
I found nothing and was surprised that he had made a video using my work without at least a basic request or notice .
Normally when somebody wants to publish something in another media type ( that is not a blog or webpage ) from the surfacestations project or my blog , they contact me and ask permission to use the items .
The word normal , however , upon scrutiny really does n’t apply here .
I ’ve gotten dozens of such requests from magazines , newsletters , book publishers , and TV stations .
So far , I ’ve never said no to any request for such materials or copyright waivers .
I ’ve filled out lots of forms granting my copyright waiver for the legally skittish that need more than an email or “ sure , go ahead ” over the phone .
But , in the video Mr. Sinclair produced and posted on YouTube , I noticed that he did in fact use photographs and graphics from my published book “ Is The U.S. Surface Temperature Record Reliable ? ” .
I hold the copyright on this book .
The notice for copyright is in the inside front cover .
© 2009 Surfacestations.org
All rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this report or portions thereof in any form .
ISBN 13 : 978-1-934791-29-5 and ISBN 10 : 1-934791-26-6 .
There was also a Warner Brothers video clip from the movie “ Anchorman ” with a segment about the incompetent TV weatherman which I assume was added to portray me in my chosen career , and amazingly ( and most amusingly ) there was another video clip from the movie “ The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai ” which is a campy sendup of “ War of the Worlds ” .
Interestingly in the credits , and I know this because I happened to watch the movie about two weeks before on Showtime , there is a “ John Van Vliet ” listed in the credits .
It made me wonder if it is the same John Van Vliet that created the “ opentemp ” program launched just a couple of months after I first started the surfacestations project in an attempt to derail it early on .
He made the mistake of using incomplete data .
More on incomplete data later .
I noted that neither clip was from the trailers you could find on YouTube and were of high quality , so maybe they were cribbed from a DVD or perhaps an Apple video download , since I recognized from the editing effects that Mr. Sinclair owns a Macintosh .
WB has some pretty stringent clip licensing requirements , which I know from doing TV news and a reporter wanting once to use part of a film from WB in a special news report .
WB wanted our TV station to pay , but the cost was sky high for our small TV station .
They finally whittled it down to something we could afford .
Doing a little more research , I found that Mr. Sinclair does a series of animated online greeting cards , which you can see here : http://www.care2.com/ecards/bio/1023
I thought this one was funny : http://www.care2.com/send/card/0840
The description portrayed him as a pretty nice guy with an alternate minded view of the world like a lot of college students have .
He is not a college student , though he has a son who is of college age , a nice Ron Paul supporter , I am told from someone who has met him .
His rather conservative son , contrasts the rather left - wing eco-activist ad hominem and rhetorically unrestrained father ( see here ) .
It is almost humorous greeting card - worthy , this role reversal .
But since he had used that © symbol , Mr. Sinclair demonstrated awareness of copyright protections , having availed himself of them , e.g. , here , right below his own artwork .
With knowledge of this and ad hominem attacks made on me personally , I reasonably presumed his copyright violation on my part was likely intentional .
I also figured that this might be a teachable moment , as I was still thinking this is a kid just out of college since there seems to be no business website for Greenman studio in operation yet , it is still “ under construction ” .
http://www.greenmanstudio.com/
And , I mused , by bringing the copyright issue to his attention , I ’d probably be doing him a favor , since I surmised he ’d be at risk for using the film clips .
I figured anybody working a business out of a house without an operating web page probably can’t afford licensing fees .
No deep pockets there .
I certainly have no personal beef with Mr. Sinclair , it is just the copyright issue .
But my copyright had been ignored , with evidence that Mr. Sinclair as a publisher himself using the © symbol understands copyrights , and WB ’s copyright also looked like it also had been ignored .
And well , lets face it , he got the facts wrong about the project and never contacted or interviewed me to get any facts from my side ( more on that later ) .
So it could hardly be defined as “ journalism ” and the protections that such enterprise affords for “ fair use ” .
So I filled out the form for copyright issues on YouTube , and pressed enter .
What I expected to happen is that I ’d get an angry email or blog comment from the guy , I ’d suggest to him ( privately ) to make a couple of modifications , grant him a copyright for the factual graphics from the surfacestations project , and tell him to put his video back up on the web .
End of story , lesson learned .
What I did n’t expect was the alarmosphere going into berserk overdrive .
After all , this was not yet a “ weekday ” which it increasingly seems to be what we call those periods when our friends lapse into said mode .
It turns out that YouTube put my name and the surfacestations .org URL up on the video pane for the former video , made me a target for hatred by the “ scream first , ask questions later ” types .
The first hint of this started on Sunday when I got a comment on my blog .
The commenter , who obviously did n’t know the difference between copyright law and constitutional law wanted to know why I had “ denied free speech ” to Mr. Sinclair .
Of course , “ free speech ” protections involve state infringement and , as powerful as our friends do apparently believe I have become , neither am I the state nor was the state involved here , so the angst was yet again rather misplaced .
Regardless , I also thought this a pretty odd comment .
Since Mr. Sinclair still had n’t contacted me , I paid no attention to it .
Then I began receiving more odd comments , and I ’m thinking ; “ why are these people making a private copyright dispute their personal business ? ”
Here ’s sampling of a few comments I got that never made WUWT :
“ Watts you are a coward chickesh ** no good dumba * * weatherman hiding behind a law that you ’ve irrationally applied ” “ You ca n’t handle the TRUTH , if I were Jack Nicholson I ’d kick your a* * ” “ Wattsup , you and your stupid picture book project are toast ! ”
I even got comments from “ Omar ” in Finland :
“ Looks like your attempt to smother and censor information has fired back badly on you Mr Watts :
Do you have – how you say – the cahones to explain yourself ?
I think not .
You appear to be a child coward man . ”
Censoring huh ?
And around the alarmosphere all sorts of curious accusations of censorship — again , with the long arm of the state nowhere to be found , this seemed to be a variant of the Tim Robbins ( see also “ paranoid ” and “ uncomprehending ” )
School of Crying “ Censorship ” .
Even more bizarre , were the demands .
On the “ DeSmog Blog ” , Kevin Grandia lambasted me for not knowing anything about law , and then demanded I email him and explain myself and my reasons for filing a copyright complaint .
I ’m no lawyer , but clearly giving details of a dispute to an angry third party not involved is n’t right up there with sound legal advice .
Still apparently confused that his dispute lay not with me but with YouTube or the concepts of intellectual property , when that did n’t get the required response , Mr. Grandia posted another angry column over on the Huffington Post , and made the same demand .
He ’s wondering why I have n’t responded directly to him .
Really .
But being that guardian of smoggy freedom , Mr. Grandia took it a step further , and , in a rather ironic follow - up to his seizing of the mantle of all that conforms to the laws , somehow located the original YouTube video and reposted it to YouTube under the “ DeSmog Blog ” label :
You can watch it here :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_0-gX7aUKk
So much for my “ censorship ” , feel free to view it .
You see , I ’ve had lots of angry criticism in the last two years , this is nothing new , so I ’m not really concerned about the criticisms .
When viewing , note the graph from NCDC in the video which “ proves ” my surfacestations project is ( choose your own derogatory word ) .
More on that momentarily .
The alarmosphere was reaching a tipping point .
I knew it was only a matter of time before somebody would blog the coup de grace , and yet ; I still have n’t heard from Mr. Sinclair so I could tell him about what I ’d like changed .
OK .
But if Mr. Sinclair had contacted me ( like a journalist would ) before he made his video , instead of simply reading the NCDC Talking points memo ( revised version seen here , PDF ) he could have found out a few things , such as :
NCDC used an old outdated version of my data set ( April 2008 ) they found on my website and assumed it was “ current ” .
Big mistake on their part .
Big admission of not overly concerning himself with first - hand knowledge , or even substance , on his part .
NCDC did not contact me about use of the data .
The data , BTW is not yet public domain , though I plan to make it so after I ’ve published my paper .
So like Mr. Sinclair , technically they are also in violation of copyright .
Surfacestations is a private project , I emphasize , what with the public - private concept being one of the major precipitors of the alarmosphere ’s angst .
That data NCDC found had not been quality controlled , many of the ratings changed after quality control was applied , thus changing the outcome .
When notified of this , they did nothing to deal with the issue , such as notifying readers .
NCDC published no methodology , data or formula used , or show work of any kind that would normally be required in a scientific paper .
The author is missing from the document thus it was published anonymously .
Apparently nobody at NCDC would put his or her name on it .
When notified of the fact that the author ’s name Thomas C. Peterson ( of NCDC ) was embedded in the properties of the PDF document ( which happens on registration of the Adobe Acrobat program , causing insertion in all output ) , NCDC ’s only response was to remove the author ’s name from the document and place it back online .
It is odd behavior for a scientist to publish work but not put your name on it .
NCDC got the number of USHCN stations wrong in their original document document graph , citing 1228 when it is actually 1218 I notified them of this and they eventually fixed it .
That NCDC original document did not even cite my published work , or even use my name to credit me .
I have the original which you can view here Note also the name in the document properties and the number of USHCN2 stations above the graph .
I ’m regularly lambasted for publishing things here that are not “ peer reviewed ” .
But , when NCDC does it , and does it unbelievably badly , not only is the “ talking points memo ” embraced by the alarmosphere as “ truth ” and “ falsification ” , but NOT ONE of those embracing it show the remotest interest in questioning why it fails to meet even the basic standards for a letter to the editor of a local newspaper .
My own local paper would n’t publish a letter or memo where the author is not identified .
Yet an anonymous NCDC memo the author wo n’t even own up to is considered “ climate truth ” .
Students of the alarmists may have noticed some time ago , how the burden of proof and quality of publication shifts when the other side of the aisle is doing the talking .
In fact , nobody who has jumped into the fray has asked me any questions , yet take as accurate our gift - card designer cum climate scientist Mr. Sinclair at his word , without asking me a single question .
I guess it does n’t matter now , The Good Ship Teachable Moment has sailed , now that “ Big Smog ” has stepped in as the defender of freedom .
I think Mr. Grandia is hoping that I ’ll file a copyright complaint against him .
But here is the kicker .
Once you sort through all the ad homs in the video , you find the nugget .
It involves that graph that Mr. Sinclair cites from the NCDC Talking Points Memo .
If he had asked , he would have found out that it has some pretty embarrassing flaws .
Figure 1 . From the NCDC Talking Points Memo .
As referenced in the text of the NCDC Talking Points Memo , the Figure1 graph compares two homogenized data sets , and demonstrates an uncanny correlation .
Here is what they say :
Two national time series were made using the same homogeneity adjusted data set and the same gridding and area averaging technique used by NOAA ’s National Climatic Data Center for its annual climate monitoring .
Seems reasonable , until you understand what “ homgenization ” really is .
What ’s “ homogenization ” you say ?
Some kind of dairy product treatment ?
Well no , not quite .
It is data that has been put through a series of processes that render it so the end result is like comparing the temperature between several bowls of water that have been mixed together , then poured back into the original bowls and the temperature measured of each .
What you get is an end temperature for each bowl that is a mixture of the other nearby bowl temperatures .
Here ’s another way that is more visual .
Think of it like measuring water pollution .
Here ’s a simple visual table of CRN station quality ratings ( as used in my book ) and what they might look like as water pollution turbidity levels , rated as 1 to 5 from best to worst turbidity :
In homgenization the data is weighted against the nearby neighbors within a radius .
And so a station the might start out as a “ 1 ” data wise , might end up getting polluted with the data of nearby stations and end up as as new value , say weighted at “ 2.5 ” .
Our contributing author John Goetz explains how even single stations can affect many many other stations in the GISS and NOAA data homogenization methods carried out on US surface temperature data here and here .
In the map above , applying a homogenization smoothing , weighting stations by distance nearby the stations with question marks , what would you imagine the values ( of turbidity ) of them would be ?
And , how close would these two values be for the east coast station in question and the west coast station in question ?
Each would be closer to a smoothed center average value based on the neighboring stations .
Of course this is n’t the actual method , just a visual analogy .
So , essentially , NCDC ’s graph is comparing homogenized data to homogenized data , and thus there would not likely be any large difference between “ good ” and “ bad ” stations .
All the differences have been smoothed out by homogenization pollution from neighboring stations !
The best way to compare the effect of siting between groups of stations is to use the “ raw ” data , before it has passed through the multitude of adjustments that NCDC does .
Admittedly , raw data can have its own problems , but there are ways my friends and I at the Pielke research team can make valid station trend comparisons without making numerical adjustments to the actual data raw data .
And finally for those who say “ Watts does n’t want you to see this video ” or “ he fears the science ” , I direct you to this WUWT entry , dated June 26th , 2009 :
NCDC writes ghost “ talking points ” rebuttal to surfacestations project
I was the first one to report on the NCDC Talking Points Memo .
Fearing science , video and all that , I chose to publicly blog on a subject critical and even damaging to my own research , knowing full well others would pick it up , including those who would not treat this even - handedness kindly .
The document is an internal memo for NOAA .
It did n’t get wide attention after it was first published on June 9th , in fact I do n’t think it got any attention at all .
Without my pulling it out of internal memo obscurity and discussing it on WUWT , Dr. Pielke likely would n’t have commented on it , McIntyre would n’t have written about it , twice , and thus from all the pickups from those articles , Mr. Sinclair probably would n’t have ever seen it .
Surely there would not be this delightfully entertaining , rather revealing , and grade school caliber commentary had I not sought to publish it to a wide audience .
But that ’s OK .
The result is not something I fear , even if my final analysis shows the USA trends are unaffected .
There are other things we know and will learn that are of significance .
In fact I ’ve had some very positive things come out of this , both on the media and scientific side .
Some offers and ideas have been floated .
But that ’s a story that will have to wait .
Maybe Mr. Grandia will place an online demand for it .
Stay tuned .
They rarely disappoint .
Oh , and I got to “ meet ” Mr. Sinclair , the father of a college - age kid though not quite the young college kid I expected :
On Climate , Comedy , Copyrights , and Cinematography The good news : there ’s new and exciting opportunities opening themselves to us .
The bad news ; some people are hilariously unquestioning .
The good news : there ’s new and exciting opportunities opening themselves to us .
The bad news ; some people are hilariously unquestioning .
It has been an even more entertaining than usual couple of days in the alarmosphere .
I ’d been traveling the last week , doing TV station work and station surveys .
While on the road I discovered through an email that I was the subject of a YouTube Video called “ Climate Crock of the Week ” .
The video was about my surfacestations.org project and was titled “ What ’s up with Watts ? ” .
It was sad and funny at the same time , and as is typically the case with our old friends it was directed at me personally , far more than it tried substance .
Equally typically , and sadly , what substance it tried turned out to be wrong .
I continued on my travels , My friend Dr. Roger Pielke Sr. posted an opinion on it last week to address some of the issues .
Little did I know bizarro land awaited upon my return home .
Sitting down Saturday night , to watch the video again detecting through its exquisite subtleties and nuance .
I could n’t help but laugh , because once again I noticed that everything reported in it was just wrong .
In fact , it probably was the worst job of fact - finding I had ever seen , which as WUWT readers know , is a bold assessment .
I ’ve been involved in broadcast TV news for 25 years , and have seen some really bad work from greenhorns fresh out of reporters school .
This video reminded me of those .
It was if whoever put it together had never researched it , but just strung together a bunch of graphics , video , photos , and the most monotone Pat Paulsen narration I ’d ever heard .
I figured it was probably just an overzealous college student out to save the world and this was some college project .
It had that air of radical burningman quality about it .
Curiosity piqued , I inquired into just who is this climate Solon ?
To my surprise , he turned out to be an “ independent film producer ” working out of his house in Midland , MI under the name “ Greenman Studio ” , one Peter Sinclair , a proud graduate of Al Gore ’s Climate Camp .
I still figured him to be a kid and imagined his mom was yelling down into the basement “ Peter that ’s too loud , turn it down ! ” .
I also wondered if it was the same “ Green Man ” that had once prompted surfacestations volunteer Gary Boden to create this nifty patch :
This came about because my now defunct local “ Alternate Weekly ” had a ghost writer named “ green man ” who penned and unintentionally ( I think ) editorial about me and the www.surfacestations.org project back in 2007 in which he wrote the famous line : “ The Reverend Anthony WTF Watts and his screeching mercury monkeys … ” … in response to our daring to survey the weather stations nationwide .
What was funny is that in my original story , one of my commenters posted a funny comment about well , “ green stuff ” and the editor of the local “ Alternate Weekly ” went ballistic and demanded I remove it and gave me a stern lecture on libel .
I was happy to comply not out of legal obligation but courtesy and deleted the comment .
Is this Green Man the same guy ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
OK back to the present .
I checked my email for some correspondence from Mr. Sinclair for the past week and found none , and looked back even further to see if he had contacted me about the surfacestations project weeks before in email or in my letters pile .
I found nothing and was surprised that he had made a video using my work without at least a basic request or notice .
Normally when somebody wants to publish something in another media type ( that is not a blog or webpage ) from the surfacestations project or my blog , they contact me and ask permission to use the items .
The word normal , however , upon scrutiny really does n’t apply here .
I ’ve gotten dozens of such requests from magazines , newsletters , book publishers , and TV stations .
So far , I ’ve never said no to any request for such materials or copyright waivers .
I ’ve filled out lots of forms granting my copyright waiver for the legally skittish that need more than an email or “ sure , go ahead ” over the phone .
But , in the video Mr. Sinclair produced and posted on YouTube , I noticed that he did in fact use photographs and graphics from my published book “ Is The U.S. Surface Temperature Record Reliable ? ” .
I hold the copyright on this book .
The notice for copyright is in the inside front cover .
© 2009 Surfacestations.org
All rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this report or portions thereof in any form .
ISBN 13 : 978-1-934791-29-5 and ISBN 10 : 1-934791 -26 -6 .
There was also a Warner Brothers video clip from the movie “ Anchorman ” with a segment about the incompetent TV weatherman which I assume was added to portray me in my chosen career , and amazingly ( and most amusingly ) there was another video clip from the movie “ The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai ” which is a campy sendup of “ War of the Worlds ” .
Interestingly in the credits , and I know this because I happened to watch the movie about two weeks before on Showtime , there is a “ John Van Vliet ” listed in the credits .
It made me wonder if it is the same John Van Vliet that created the “ opentemp ” program launched just a couple of months after I first started the surfacestations project in an attempt to derail it early on .
He made the mistake of using incomplete data .
More on incomplete data later .
I noted that neither clip was from the trailers you could find on YouTube and were of high quality , so maybe they were cribbed from a DVD or perhaps an Apple video download , since I recognized from the editing effects that Mr. Sinclair owns a Macintosh .
WB has some pretty stringent clip licensing requirements , which I know from doing TV news and a reporter wanting once to use part of a film from WB in a special news report .
WB wanted our TV station to pay , but the cost was sky high for our small TV station .
They finally whittled it down to something we could afford .
Doing a little more research , I found that Mr. Sinclair does a series of animated online greeting cards , which you can see here : http://www.care2.com/ecards/bio/1023
I thought this one was pretty funny : http://www.care2.com/send/card/0840
The description portrayed him as a pretty nice guy with an alternate minded view of the world like a lot of college students have .
He is not a college student , though he has a son who is of college age , a nice Ron Paul supporter , I am told from someone who has met him .
His rather conservative son , contrasts the rather left - wing eco-activist ad hominem and rhetorically unrestrained father ( see here ) .
It is almost humorous greeting card - worthy , this role reversal .
But since he had used that © symbol , Mr. Sinclair demonstrated awareness of copyright protections , having availed himself of them , e.g. , here , right below his own artwork .
With knowledge of this and ad hominem attacks made on me personally , I reasonably presumed his copyright violation on my part was likely intentional .
I also figured that this might be a teachable moment , as I was still thinking this is a kid just out of college since there seems to be no business website for Greenman studio in operation yet , it is still “ under construction ” .
http://www.greenmanstudio.com/
And , I mused , by bringing the copyright issue to his attention , I ’d probably be doing him a favor , since I surmised he ’d be at risk for using the film clips .
I figured anybody working a business out of a house without an operating web page probably can’t afford licensing fees .
No deep pockets there .
I certainly have no personal beef with Mr. Sinclair , it is just the copyright issue .
But my copyright had been ignored , with evidence that Mr. Sinclair as a publisher himself using the © symbol understands copyrights , and WB ’s copyright also looked like it also had been ignored .
And well , lets face it , he got the facts wrong about the project and never contacted or interviewed me to get any facts from my side ( more on that later ) .
So it could hardly be defined as “ journalism ” and the protections that such enterprise affords for “ fair use ” .
So I filled out the form for copyright issues on YouTube , and pressed enter .
What I expected to happen is that I ’d get an angry email or blog comment from the guy , I ’d suggest to him ( privately ) to make a couple of modifications , grant him a copyright for the factual graphics from the surfacestations project , and tell him to put his video back up on the web .
End of story , lesson learned .
What I did n’t expect was the alarmosphere going into berserk overdrive .
After all , this was not yet a “ weekday ” which it increasingly seems to be what we call those periods when our friends lapse into said mode .
It turns out that YouTube put my name and the surfacestations .org URL up on the video pane for the former video , made me a target for hatred by the “ scream first , ask questions later ” types .
The first hint of this started on Sunday when I got a comment on my blog .
The commenter , who obviously did n’t know the difference between copyright law and constitutional law wanted to know why I had “ denied free speech ” to Mr. Sinclair .
Of course , “ free speech ” protections involve state infringement and , as powerful as our friends do apparently believe I have become , neither am I the state nor was the state involved here , so the angst was yet again rather misplaced .
Regardless , I also thought it this a pretty odd comment , since Mr. Sinclair still had n’t contacted me , and I paid no attention to it .
Then I began receiving more odd comments , and I ’m thinking ; “ why are these people making a private copyright dispute their personal business ? ”
Here ’s sampling of a few comments I got that never made WUWT : “ Watts you are a coward chickesh ** no good dumba ** weatherman hiding behind a law that you ’ve irrationally applied ” “ You ca n’t handle the TRUTH , if I were Jack Nicholson I ’d kick your a* * ” “ Wattsup , you and your stupid picture book project are toast ! ” I even got comments from “ Omar ” in Finland : “ Looks like your attempt to smother and censor information has fired back badly on you Mr Watts :
Do you have – how you say – the cahones to explain yourself ?
I think not .
You appear to be a child coward man . ”
And around the alarmosphere all sorts of curious accusations of censorship — again , with the long arm of the state nowhere to be found , this seemed to be a variant of the Tim Robbins ( see also “ paranoid ” and “ uncomprehending ” )
School of Crying “ Censorship ” .
Even more bizarre , were the demands .
On the “ DeSmog Blog ” , Kevin Grandia lambasted me for not knowing anything about law , and then demanded I email him and explain myself and my reasons for filing a copyright complaint .
I ’m no lawyer , but clearly giving details of a dispute to an angry third party not involved is n’t right up there with sound legal advice .
Still apparently confused that his dispute lay not with me but with YouTube or the concepts of intellectual property , when that did n’t get the required response , Mr. Grandia posted another angry column over on the Huffington Post , and made the same demand .
He ’s wondering why I have n’t responded directly to him .
Really .
But being that guardian of smoggy freedom , Mr. Grandia took it a step further , and , in a rather ironic follow - up to his seizing of the mantle of all that conforms to the laws , somehow located the original YouTube video and reposted it to YouTube under the “ DeSmog Blog ” label :
You can watch it here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_0-gX7aUKk
Note the graph from NCDC in the video which “ proves ” my surfacestations project is ( choose your own derogatory word ) .
More on that momentarily .
The alarmosphere was reaching a tipping point .
I knew it was only a matter of time before somebody would blog the coup de grace , and yet ; I still have n’t heard from Mr. Sinclair so I could tell him about what I ’d like changed .
OK Nut if Mr. Sinclair had contacted me ( like a journalist would ) before he made his video , instead of simply reading the NCDC Talking points memo ( seen here , PDF ) he could have found out a few things , such as : NCDC used an old outdated version of my data set ( April 2008 ) they found on my website and assumed it was “ current ” .
Big mistake on their part .
Big admission of not overly concerning himself with first - hand knowledge , or even substance , on his part .
NCDC did not contact me about use of the data .
The data , BTW is not yet public domain , though I plan to make it so after I ’ve published my paper .
So like Mr. Sinclair , technically they are also in violation of copyright .
Surfacestations is a private project , I emphasize , what with the public - private concept being one of the major precipitors of the alarmosphere ’s angst .
That data NCDC found had not been quality controlled , many of the ratings changed after quality control was applied , thus changing the outcome .
When notified of this , they did nothing to deal with the issue , such as notifying readers .
NCDC published no methodology , data or formula used , or show work of any kind that would normally be required in a scientific paper .
The author is missing from the document thus it was published anonymously .
Apparently nobody at NCDC would put his or her name on it .
When notified of the fact that the author ’s name Thomas C. Peterson ( of NCDC ) was embedded in the properties of the PDF document ( which happens on registration of the Adobe Acrobat program , causing insertion in all output ) , NCDC ’s only response was to remove the author ’s name from the document .
NCDC got the number of USHCN stations wrong in their original document document graph , citing 1228 when it is actually 1218 I notified them of this and they eventually fixed it .
That NCDC original document did not even cite my published work , or even use my name to credit me .
I have the original which you can view here Note also the name in the document properties and the number of USHCN2 stations above the graph .
I ’m regularly lambasted for publishing things here that are not “ peer reviewed ” , but when NCDC does it , and does it unbelievably badly , not only is the “ talking points memo ” embraced by the alarmosphere as “ truth ” and “ falsification ” .
Not ONE of those embracing it show the remotes interest in questioning why it fails to meet even the basic standards for a letter to the editor of a local newspaper .
My own local paper would n’t publish a letter or memo where the author is not identified .
Yet an anonymous memo the author wo n’t even own up to is considered climate truth .
Students of the alarmists may have noticed some time ago , how the burden of proof and quality of publication shifts when the other side of the aisle is doing the talking .
In fact nobody who has jumped into the foray has asked me any questions , yet take our gift - card designer cum climate scientist Mr. Sinclair at his word that what he reported , without asking me a single question , is accurate .
I guess it does n’t matter now , The Good Ship Teachable Moment has sailed , now that “ Big Smog ” has stepped in as the defender of freedom .
I think Mr. Grandia is hoping that I ’ll file a copyright complaint against him .
But here is the kicker .
It involves that graph that Mr. Sinclair cites from the NCDC Talking Points Memo .
If he had asked , he would have found this out .
Figure 1 . From Talking Points Memo .
As referenced in the text of the Talking Points Memo , the NCDC graph compares two homogenized data sets .
What ’s that you say ?
Some kind of dairy product ?
Well no , not quite .
It is data that has been put through a series of processes that render it such that end result is like comparing the temperature of several bowls of water [ need work here and diagram to explain homgenization of data ]
And finally for those who say “ Watts does n’t want you to see this video ” or “ he fears the science ” , I direct you to this WUWT entry , dated June 26th , 2009 : NCDC writes ghost “ talking points ” rebuttal to surfacestations project I was the first one to report on the NCDC Talking Points Memo .
Fearing science , video and all that , I chose to publicly blog on a subject critical and even damaging to my own research , knowing full well others would pick it up , including those who would not treat this even - handedness kindly .
The document is an internal memo for NOAA .
It did n’t get wide attention after it was first published on June 9th , in fact I do n’t think it got any attention at all .
Without my pulling it out of internal memo obscurity and discussing it on WUWT , Pielke likely would n’t have commented on it , McIntyre would n’t have written about it , twice , and thus from all the pickups from those articles , Mr. Sinclair probably would n’t have ever seen it .
Surely there would not be this delightfully entertaining , rather revealing , and grade school caliber commentary had I not sought to publish it to a wide audience .
But that ’s OK .
The result is not something I fear , even if it shows the trends are unaffected .
There ’s other things we know and will learn .
In fact I ’ve had some very positive things come out of this both on the media and scientific side .
Some offer and ideas have been floated .
But that ’s a story that will have to wait .
Maybe Mr. Grandia will place an online demand for it .
Stay tuned .
They rarely disappoint .
Oh , and I got to “ meet ” Mr. Sinclair , the father of a college - age kid though not quite the young college kid I expected :
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Wow , helluva night at the strip club for 40 - year - old Jerome Ponette .
First , he got kicked out of Mirage Cabaret on West 34th Street for allegedly being drunk .
Then he got behind the wheel of his Mercedes Benz and went all Mallachi brothers in the parking lot , and before his impromptu demolition derby was over , he had smashed into four cars and pissed off some pretty dangerous dudes .
Ponette finally peeled out of the parking lot and headed down TC Jester .
Two bystanders had not approved of his vehicular temper tantrum .
They gave chase , and each of them fired numerous shots at Ponette 's car .
In the course of eluding these hunters , Ponette crashed his bullet - riddled Mercedes into two more cars .
Luckily for everybody involved -- not least Ponette himself -- the cops got to him first .
Police found him at a gas station at TC Jester and the North Loop feeder road , battered from the car crashes but somehow unriddled by bullets .
( The two guys who had been shooting at Ponette melted away into the night . )
Ponette was taken by ambulance to the hospital , where more than just a thick sheaf of bills awaits him .
He was charged with aggravated criminal mischief , and according to court records Hair Balls dug up , was already on community supervision for a second - degree felony charge of possession of 4-200 grams of cocaine .
( His record also includes a bust for carrying an unlicensed weapon , assault - bodily injury and driving with a suspended license .
Call us crazy , but we imagine his probation officer might be a little cross with Ponette at their next meeting .
C&L's David Neiwert discussed Palin's screech in length at the National Teabagger convention here , but look how far they 've come in such a short time .
Oh , this is grand .
How do we know crooks and liars inhabit the Tea Party movement ?
Because they might be cheating each other .
The
NY Mag has the details :
The Tea Party Convention is over .
But the war it started is apparently just getting under way .
Yesterday , Bill Hemrick , a conservative fund - raiser and the founder of the Upper Deck baseball trading - card company , sued the for - profit convention ’s organizer , Judson Phillips , in Williamson County Circuit Court in Tennessee , in a dispute over Sarah Palin ’s speaking fee .
When Palin agreed to deliver the keynote address at the convention , it put the event in the news .
And it was Hemrick , all agree , who provided the $ 50,000 down payment for Palin ’s $ 100,000 speaking fee .
In the suit , Hemrick claims that Phillips had agreed that , in return for helping to close the deal with Palin , Phillips would assist Hemrick with his National Fiscal Conservative Political Action Committee .
But after taking the money , Phillips did n’t live up to his part of the deal , and even barred Hemrick from attending the event at all .
Hemrick is seeking a minimum of $ 500,000 in damages and asserts that Phillips defamed him by badmouthing him after their falling - out over Palin .
In the run-up to the convention , as its for - profit status and Palin ’s fee ( she ’s since said she ’s donating it to charity ) attracted unwelcome attention , Phillips claimed that Hemrick was the mercenary ; he said he barred Hemrick from the convention because Hemrick had planned to pitch Palin on a business opportunity he needed help with .
But others tell a different story .
According to Anthony Shreeve , a tea - party activist who had been involved in the early planning of the Nashville convention , and who also fell out with Phillips , Hemrick was instrumental in getting Palin to agree to be the keynote speaker .
Phillips and his wife , who conceived of the convention , did n’t have the funds to cover Palin ’s speaking agreement , so they turned to Hemrick , who donates frequently to Republican causes ... read on
I 'll never look at an Upper Deck baseball card the same way , ever .
And my father left me with sets from the 1990 and 1991 seasons .
Judson Phillips must have learned the tricks of the trade from Grover Norquist .
It 's so K - Street .
How does he know ?
He saw it in person .
Dude 's old as dirt , and he 's still never seen the Cubbies win it all .
Advertisement
The retiring Supreme Court Justice is turning 90 this month , and is basically the epitome of the elderly Cubs fan who wo n't live through a championship season .
I 'm pretty sure the child who first went to Wrigley Field before the Great Depression began never saw that one coming .
His first game was at the 1929 World Series , where he saw Rogers Hornsby and the Cubs lose game 1 , and eventually the series , to the Philadelphia Athletics .
Advertisement
But it was three years later , in the midst of a 4 - game sweep and the hands of the Yankees , that Stevens witnessed the birth of one of baseball 's enduring — and unsolved — legends .
Did Babe Ruth really call his shot ?
Ruth did point to the center - field scoreboard .
And he did hit the ball out of the park after he pointed with his bat .
So it really happened . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So there you have it .
If one of the foremost legal minds in the nation says it happened , it happened .
Now if only we can come to some kind of consensus on the death penalty , a debate in which Justice Stevens saw fit to use Eight Belles as his example .
Advertisement
Diehard Cubs Fan [ Northwestern Magazine ]
Note :
To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 13 mission , for 13 days , Universe Today will feature “ 13 Things That Saved Apollo 13 , ” discussing different turning points of the mission with NASA engineer Jerry Woodfill .
While oxygen tank number two on the Apollo 13 spacecraft was an accident waiting to happen , another problem on the Saturn V rocket could have destroyed Apollo 13 before it reached Earth orbit .
During the second - stage boost , the center – or inboard — engine shut down two minutes early .
The shutdown was n’t a problem , as the other four engines were able to compensate for the loss by operating for an extra four minutes .
But why the engine shut down is a mystery that may have saved the mission .
“ A catastrophic failure should have ensued , ” said Apollo engineer Jerry Woodfill , “ and would have , except for the unexplained behavior of the engine ’s shutoff system .
In fact , even the NASA Apollo 13 accident report fails to deal with the seriousness of the event . ”
When the center engine shut down , it caused a few moments of uneasiness for Mission Control and the crew .
Speaking after the flight , Commander Jim Lovell said that when NASA gave them the OK to carry on with the flight , “ We all breathed a sigh of relief on the spacecraft .
Hey , that was our crisis over with and we thought we ’d have a smooth flight from then on . ”
Woodfill said that the quick assessment in Mission Control was that a minor electrical signal failed to keep the engine operating so that it shut down prematurely .
But that was n’t the problem .
[ / caption ]
What happened was the Saturn V rocket experienced dangerous so - called “ pogo ” thrust oscillations , a problem NASA knew about .
While a fix had been planned for Apollo 14 , time did not permit its implementation on Apollo 13 ’s Saturn V .
“ While a clerical error caused Apollo 13 ’s oxygen tank to explode , ” said Woodfill , “ because its heater design had not been updated for 65 volt operation , and the tank was a virtual bomb ( see Part 1 ) , similarly NASA ’s failure to fix a known serious booster flaw should have destroyed Apollo 13 . ”
The Saturn V rocket had five J - 2 engines , each producing 200,000 pounds of thrust , together creating the 1 million pounds of thrust needed for a mission to the Moon .
On previous Saturn flights , these pogo oscillations had occurred during launch .
The phenomenon occurred as the fuel lines and structure of the rocket resonated at a common frequency .
The resonance tended to amplify in force and potential destruction with each bounce of the “ pogo ” mechanism .
So damaging was the phenomena on the unmanned Apollo 6 mission that an entire outer panel of the Saturn 5 ejected into space .
“ The oscillations are like a jack hammer and it was so dreadful on Apollo 6 that it tore off a panel on the booster , and threatened the mission , ” said Woodfill .
“ Apollo 6 ’s orbit was supposed to be circular , but because of the pogo effect and failure of second stage engines , the orbit became an elongated orbit of about 60 by 180 miles . ”
Woodfill said if Apollo 13 had ended up in that type of orbit , it would have been bad but not fatal .
However , Apollo 13 was a much different situation than Apollo 6 .
The Apollo 6 mission carried a mock lunar lander of more modest mass than the “ full - up ” lander which Apollo 13 carried to orbit .
With the added mass for Apollo 13 , the pogo forces were suddenly a magnitude greater in intensity .
A mission report said that the engine experienced 68g vibrations at 16 hertz , flexing the thrust frame by 3 inches ( 76 mm ) .
Woodfill said that if the center engine had continued running a few more seconds , the oscillations may have destroyed the vehicle .
“ That engine was pounding horizontally up and down , a quarter foot , at the rate of 16 times a second , ” he said .
“ The engine had become a two ton sledge hammer , a deadly pogo stick of destruction , putting enormous forces on the supporting structures . ”
What shut the engine down ?
“ It is , to this day , not fully understood , but it had something to do with fooling the engine ’s thrust chamber pressure sensor that pressure was too low , ” said Woodfill .
He has studied the mission report , but says the complete analysis of why the engine shut down is n’t included .
“ Though the shutdown command came from a low thrust chamber pressure sensor assessment , actually , the engine was operating correctly , ” he said .
” The sensor had nothing to do with the pogo phenomenon .
For some inexplicable reason , it was like something sucked the pressure out of the chamber and a sensor turned the engine off .
But no one knows exactly why . ”
Woodfill said those who later examined the situation said it was altogether lucky that the sensor shut down the engine .
“ Something intervened , stopping the engine from pounding its way from the mount into the fragile fuel tanks .
This would have destroyed the Apollo 13 launch vehicle . ”
As it was , the engine shutdown likely saved the Apollo 13 mission .
Tomorrow , Part 6 : Navigation
Other articles from the “ 13 Things That Saved Apollo 13 ” series :
Introduction
Part 1 : Timing
Part 2 : The Hatch That Would n’t Close
Part 3 : Charlie Duke ’s Measles
Part 4 : Using the LM for Propulsion
Part 5 : Unexplained Shutdown of the Saturn V Center Engine
Part 6 : Navigating by Earth ’s Terminator
Part 7 : The Apollo 1 Fire
Part 8 : The Command Module Was n’t Severed
Part 9 : Position of the Tanks
Part 10 : Duct Tape
Part 11 : A Hollywood Movie
Part 12 : Lunar Orbit Rendezvous
Part 13 : The Mission Operations Team
Also :
Your Questions about Apollo 13 Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( Part 1 )
More Reader Questions about Apollo 13 Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( part 2 )
Final Round of Apollo 13 Questions Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( part 3 )
Never Before Published Images of Apollo 13 ’s Recovery
Listen to an interview of Jerry Woodfill on the 365 Days of Astronomy podcast .
How to Set Stop Loss Levels
We increasingly receive questions about how to set stop loss levels .
Let ’s look at one objective , data driven way to do that .
You may be a better way , and that ’s good thing , but if you do n’t have a way , and you need a way , this discussion may be a helpful starting place to design your own stop loss setting method .
This discussion is not relevant to short - term trading , and would not be useful to those who do not believe in exiting positions ( who are strict “ buy and hold ” adherents ) , to those with very long - term horizons AND iron stomachs capable of withstanding large fluctuations in portfolio value , or to those who would have the opposite reaction of a stop and instead wish to buy more when their positions tank .
First , recognize these three important concepts :
you want your stops to be outside of the “ noise ” level of seemingly random price fluctuation you want your stops to be outside of the “ reaction ” range that is likely to occur you want your stops to be within your personal emotional or financial limits .
If you place stops outside of “ reaction ” levels , you will automatically be outside of the “ noise ” level .
If the “ reaction ” level is outside of your personal emotional or financial limits , then you probably should not own the security .
Your personal limits are something only you can know .
“ Reaction ” levels may be reasonably estimated by examining three quantitative parameters that are easily accessible , and then setting your stops outside of the greater of the three .
We think these three parameters each divided by the price are informative and useful in selecting a stop loss percentage for trailing percentage stops :
the width of the 3 - month price channel the width of the 3 - month 2 standard deviation Bollinger Bands the spread between the price and the 200 - day simple moving average
It may also be good to consider the 3 - month average of the 3 - month Bollinger Band width as an additional parameter .
As an example , if you were to do that today to see where percentage trailing stops might be set for six ETFs representing key asset categories , we come up with these values :
US stocks ( VTI ) 13.6 %
EAFE stocks ( VEA ) 14.2 %
Emerging market stocks ( VWO ) 17.4 %
Aggregate US bonds ( BND ) 2.0 %
Developed non-US sovereign local currency bonds ( BWX ) 7.0 %
Emerging market sovereign Dollar bonds ( EMB ) 7.2 %
We must admit that the 2 % on aggregate US bonds seems thin , but that ’s what the current numbers say .
If you feel the same way , you might chose a longer term factor , maybe as far as the current yield level of 3.9 % ( so you would do no more than give up the equivalent of one year of income , but not principal ) .
Note also that for BWX , the price is below the 200 - day simple moving average so there is no way to use that parameter in the stop calculation — except to say that we think you should not own it while the price is below the 200 - day average — unless you have some special knowledge or beliefs about the Euro / Dollar and the Dollar / Yen , and the European sovereign credit crisis .
Here is the raw data we used to calculate the stop levels above :
Holdings Disclosure :
As of April 9 , 2010 , we hold BND , EMB , and VWO in some , but not all managed accounts , and not necessarily all in any single account .
We do not have current positions in any other securities discussed in this document in any managed account .
By Richard Shaw
http://www.qvmgroup.com
Richard Shaw leads the QVM team as President of QVM Group .
Richard has extensive investment industry experience including serving on the board of directors of two large investment management companies , including Aberdeen Asset Management ( listed London Stock Exchange ) and as a charter investor and director of Lending Tree ( download short professional profile ) .
He provides portfolio design and management services to individual and corporate clients .
He also edits the QVM investment blog .
His writings are generally republished by SeekingAlpha and Reuters and are linked to sites such as Kiplinger and Yahoo Finance and other sites .
He is a 1970 graduate of Dartmouth College .
Copyright 2006 - 2010 by QVM Group LLC
All rights reserved .
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilizing methods believed reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Do your own due diligence .
Richard Shaw Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Get excited about energetic ways to get amped up right now .
Life is a gift , and you want to enjoy special moments of happiness and fun .
Sometime , you should let your hair done , and get amped up .
Let ’s discuss ten ways :
* Music
Music is inspiration , composed , performed , and can be sang .
It governs harmony , rhythm , melodies , styles , with vocals or instruments .
The creation of music is made based on culture and history .
There are many ways to get amped up to listen to your favorite music - jazz , pop , classical , religious , rock , country , and more .
Turn on your CD , radio , headphones , iPhone , television , or take a drive in your car and blast your music and enjoy hours of sound !
* Fitness
When you wake up and start your day , you want to become energized and do a workout regiment .
If you are a member of a gym , you can enjoy - kickboxing , spinning / aerobics classes , cycling , or stretching .
Give your cardiovascular system a boost and amp up the day with a extreme workout !
* Eat a cup of Almonds daily
Eating almonds , which is loaded with nutrients can give you high energy .
A cup has 822 calories , but it offers protein- which the body needs .
The high fiber content produce a laxative effect for your body .
It also allows you to enjoy over an hour of workout madness !
* Ride on an Elephant in Thailand
There is a wonderful place in Thailand called Maetang Elephant Park , where they rescue elephants .
The park is zero tolerance of animal abuse or cruelty .
You can enjoy feeding the elephants , coaxing them , and getting to know them in their own habitat .
When you ride them , it can be therapy .
You can ride them through a mud pit , which is soothing .
It ’s a balance of majestic and a challenge , where you can bond with the elephants .
* Swim with Sharks
Get over your fear and dive into the world of the most amazing sea predator .
It ’s a challenge , to swim with sharks - but you will become educated , inspired , and get to understand the life of a shark .
Of course you will need to be certified and make sure that you have a dive master , to ensure your safety .
You can always leave the shark cage , if you or the shark is in jeopardy .
You must get amped up to enjoy this momentous opportunity .
* A Day at the Beach
A day at the beach goes beyond swimming .
You can swim with dolphins , play Frisbee with family , friends or your pet , walk up and down the boardwalk as you - shop , enjoy tasty food , or enjoy a concert .
You can also bring a blanket and a packed lunch or dinner to enjoy a picnic .
For fishing enthusiast , you can enjoy relaxing hours sitting on the beach awaiting - your next catch of the day .
Also during the day , you can enjoy - water skiing , kite surfing , or a surging .
When it get ’s dark , you can enjoy a bonfire - where you can gather with family or friends and talk , dance , listen to music , and have a great time .
* Dancing
Dancing is a form to enjoy movement .
You can enjoy endless hours of social , ceremonial , erotic , athletic , or competitive dancing .
It can be coordinated or done as exercise , with a social partner .
It ’s a satisfactory experience .
It ’s a time to enjoy friends , a night out on the town , or just have fun !
Dance and rhythm are linked and you can get amped up to enjoy a time - to dance the night away !
* Take a Trip to New York
New York is the greatest city in the world .
You can enjoy shopping , the theater , food , attending a basketball game , a museum , dining at a favorite 4 - star restaurant , Wall Street , take a walk through Central Park , go up on an elevator at the Empire State Building , or visit Rockefeller Center .
You can gaze up at the many sky - scrapping buildings , take a visit to the famous Apollo Theater , or go take a peek at the Statue of Liberty .
It ’s a paradise of culture to get amped up at !
* Take a Trip to Paris
When you go to Paris , it ’s a French experience to embellish in culture .
Go to the Eiffel Tower , Louvre , Musse d Orsay , Notre Dame , and the lesser - known jewel - Musse Rodin .
You can spend hours shopping at French designer stores , enjoy a cup of latte at a curbside café , or visit a historical museum .
As you walk down the cobbled streets , you will feel like you are in another time period .
France is a cultural delight !
* Take a Trip to Las Vegas
What ’s done in Las Vegas , must stay in Vegas .
This is one of the most exciting places to visit for the high rollers who gamble , people who like to party , attend a boxing match , sight - see , take in an amazing show , go see the Hoover Dam , go watch the dancing water at the Bellagio , escape the hot temperatures and enjoy some ice cream at Serendipity , dine at a favorite restaurant , shop for souvenir ’s enjoy taking snapshots of the Red Rock Canyon , visit a theater , or go to a museum .
There something in Las Vegas for everyone !
[ Re- posted from last night ]
Alex Knepper , an openly gay conservative , bumped into the young student of " natural law " at CPAC , who gave the entirely meretricious attack on the inclusion of " GOPride " [ sic ] at CPAC above .
It 's a revealing exchange .
Sorba is quite fixated on the issue of homosexuality , for some reason .
But here 's the full exchange :
My recollections are not perfect , of course , but Nate Gunderson should be able to help me fill in the details .
The exchange is roughly as follows .
“ So , you ’re the infamous Ryan Sorba , ” I said .
“ Yep ! ”
“ You ’ve made quite a name for yourself . ”
“ Haha , yeah .
Where are you from ? ”
“ I go to college around here , American University . ”
“ What are you studying ? ”
“ I was double - majoring in Political Science with a political theory focus and International Relations with an Islamic Studies focus , but I think I ’m going to drop the latter .
I ca n’t take the relativistic preaching , the whitewashing of the burqa , Sayyid Qutb , the entire religion . ”
“ Yeah , I know what you mean .
So what did you think of my little tirade , then ? ”
“ Oh , I thought it was quite evil , actually .
I ’m gay . ”
“ You mean you think you ’re gay . ”
“ No , I ’m gay .
Do you think it ’s a choice ? ”
“ I think it ’s the result of a complex process of social and environmental factors , but that it ’s reversible . ”
“ So , like , why is it that over one hundred animals have been observed engaging in homosexual sex in nature ? ”
“ Well , only 0.2 % of animals are known to do that ”
” I mean , mammals , obviously , not ants , birds ”
” you know , animals masturbate , your dog humps your leg .
Does your dog talk with a lisp ? ”
“ Do I talk with a lisp ? ! ” I yelled .
“ A little bit . ” ( I later asked a couple of gay friends if I have a small lisp ; both of them said I have no lisp whatsoever .
Aron , who is straight , has said my voice is sometimes theatrical , but that I do n’t have a lisp . )
“ Rudy Giuliani has a lisp is he gay ? ”
It is illegal to take organs without consent
There will be an independent review after the NHS transplant authority confirmed 21 cases in which the wrong organs may have been taken from donors .
As many as 800,000 people on the UK donor register may have had their preferences about which organs they wished to donate recorded incorrectly .
Potential donations from these people have been temporarily put on hold .
Health Secretary Andy Burnham said he regretted the error but it should not stop people from donating .
The British Medical Association warned public confidence could be damaged .
NHS Blood and Transplant apologised and said only people in Scotland , England and Wales who had registered as donors using their driving licence application form were potentially affected .
Mr Burnham said a system had been put into place to prevent the error from happening again .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
While many of the 17 million registered donors give consent for all their organs to be used for transplant after their death , some have withheld consent for certain organs - such as their eyes .
For the last 10 years however , the details of some donors ' preferences have been wrongly recorded because of a technical error .
The blunder only came to light in 2009 when NHS Blood and Transplant started to write to donors to check their organ donor preferences .
Many donors wrote back to say the information was incorrect .
Stephen Banks , from Worcestershire , wrote to the BBC : " I renewed my driving licence in March this year and ticked the options to donate all my organs apart from eyes .
STEPHEN BANKS Huddersfield University student Stephen Banks agreed to donate organs when he renewed his driving licence .
" I decided I was happy to donate my liver , lungs , pancreas and kidneys .
But a few days later , on 17 February , I received a letter from the NHS thanking me for donating and telling me I had also donated my eyes .
I was shocked as I knew I had n't agreed to that .
I did n't know how to correct the mistake and I 'm too embarrassed to call them and say ' You can't have my eyes . '
So , at the moment I 'm donating everything .
I think the register is a good idea as it can give people an extra chance at life but when mistakes like this are made , it can lead to a loss of confidence in the service . "
" However I then got a letter from the NHS which said I had donated all my organs including my eyes . "
" I feel a bit embarrassed to call up and say , ' I want my eyes back . ' "
A spokesman for NHS Blood and Transplant said Mr Banks should not worry about contacting the authority to verify his records and that they would welcome his call .
Mr Burnham said a review led by Professor Sir Gordon Duff , of Sheffield University , would be commissioned to find out how the data was wrongly recorded .
The health secretary said : " We do need to get to the bottom of it .
" It would appear to relate to a technical error going back to 1999 and this was how data was transferred between the DVLA ( Driving and Vehicle Licensing Authority ) and the blood and transplant service .
That has now been corrected , " he said .
Donor applications originating from the DVLA were suspended in early March .
In a statement , NHS Blood and Transplant said : " We assure everyone currently on the organ donor register that the affected records will not be used in discussions with their family about organ donation .
" They will only be used once they have been corrected in accordance with the donors ' wishes . "
The body has already corrected 400,000 flawed records and said steps would be taken to contact all those who were possibly affected to confirm the details held about them .
Anyone who was not contacted could be confident their records were accurate , it said .
" There are a small number of cases , 21 over the past six years , where the person has died and their preferences may not have been correctly recorded , " the statement said .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Surely an opt out system is the way forward arian5 " In each case the family gave permission for the donation to take place but it may not have been in line with the individual 's preferences .
" We sincerely apologise for any distress this may have caused . "
No-one had been registered as a donor against their wishes , it added .
British Medical Association chairman Dr Hamish Meldrum said : " You want people to come forward and donate their organs in good faith so that people who have serious conditions can have their lives saved .
" It does erode the public confidence in that and that 's very concerning . "
He said the review was needed in order to prevent patients ' lives from being put at risk in the long - term .
' Shocking ' Joyce Robins of pressure group Patient Concern said she was angry such " sensitive data " had been so " carelessly handled " and she feared it would dissuade people from joining the register and result in people taking their names off it .
She said the health authority should contact everyone on the register and ask if all information was correct .
It is against the law to take organs from the dead without their prior consent , or that of their family after death .
Shadow health secretary Andrew Lansley said consent should always be given and if that had not happened , a full investigation had to be carried out .
He stressed , though , that it was important for people to continue donating .
Liberal Democrat health spokesman Norman Lamb described the data error as " a shocking revelation " and called for a " full inquiry " .
He said : " People have to have absolute confidence that their wishes will be respected . "
Have you been contacted by the NHS to confirm your organ donor preferences ?
Have you ever given consent for a relative 's organs to be donated ?
What is your reaction to the NHS blunder ?
Send us your comments using the post form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ARGHANDAB VALLEY , Afghanistan — Surrounded by gravel - filled buttresses and manned 24 hours a day by alert American and Afghan gunners , Combat Outpost Kowall appears an outpost under siege .
It is one of the front - line posts in Gen. Stanley McChrystal ’s expanded campaign to flush out a resurgent Taliban ahead of a major offensive in Kandahar expected this summer .
Obama ’s surprise trip to Afghanistan was an opportunity to express the United States ' displeasure with the Karzai government ’s rampant and unchecked corruption .
But for the soldiers of Alpha Company of the 82nd Airborne Division , the Kabul conference halls and money - guzzling ministries seem like a very distant place ( where , reports Jean MacKenzie , Karzai seems focused on staying in power ) .
“ The visit ’s important for the big picture , I ’m sure , but here on the ground it does n’t affect us at all , ” said Pfc. Justin Tatum , one of about 30 soldiers headquartered in a crumbling
school building alongside a company of the Afghan National Army .
The troops have reinforced the base and are supported by constant drone and helicopter surveillance flights .
A recent machine - gun attack mounted from two directions was repelled with more than a thousand rounds , laying down “ an awesome example of firepower that will discourage the Taliban from targeting our outpost again , ” according to 1st Lt. Matthew
Fernandez , the commander of the base .
Obama lectured Afghan President Hamid Karzai to reduce his administration ’s high corruption levels , the primary reason for the lack of credibility suffered by the government .
Aside from millions of dollars in humanitarian aid squandered since the NATO - led defeat of the Taliban in 2001 , the strong Tajik ethnic influence on the government saps its credibility in the predominantly Pashto southern areas , such as this one .
Locals in Kochnay Manarah , the village adjoining the base , appear of two minds about their new neighbors .
In the absence of a school or medical doctor , there is crushing illiteracy .
The only source of education comes from the mullah who runs a small kuttab , an informal
Islamic seminary for teaching the Quran to every new generation .
Lacking cars , running water or electricity , the locals lead a subsistence existence centered around their fields and animals .
Rejection rates of the American presence run high , with locals maintaining a standoffish attitude toward patrolling troops and their Afghan National
Army counterparts .
“ They hate us , ” said one soldier who requested that his name not be printed .
But there are promising signs .
One local offered to visit the base and divulge information and there has been a recent upswing in tips regarding improvised explosive devices , or IEDs .
As part of Gen. McChrystal ’s new counterinsurgency strategy , soldiers are exposing themselves more by carrying out dismounted patrols from their vehicles to engage the locals and pass out pens , notebooks and candy to the children .
The American troops here are trailed by dozens of children but the Afghan adults spare them little more than the occasional smile .
Most of the Afghan army soldiers in Kochnay Manar are not Pashto , the prevailing ethnicity in southern Afghanistan and the main support base for the Taliban .
Posted to the area in up to six - year deployments , their attitude toward the region they find themselves in clearly rankles .
“ We tried to apply to this place the kind of laws we encountered while we lived in Iran but these people are endlessly benighted , ” said Rooz Mohammad , an Afghan soldier who lived as a refugee in Iran before returning after the fall of the Taliban .
“ They need another 30 years to get to Iran ’s level , ” he said of the Pashto locals .
Even on a local level , there are clear examples of the corruption tearing this country apart on a mass scale and lethally injuring the people ’s ability to have faith in the government and move away from support of the Taliban .
For example , village leaders abuse seed handouts by distributing only a small percentage to their villagers and selling the rest on the black market in Kandahar .
“ Obama ’s come here to speak empty talk and go away again but stomachs do not fill with empty talk , ” said Rooz Mohammad .
The next few months will prove whether the NATO coalition can win this battle .
“ He needs to put real pressure to end the corruption , ” agreed Nur Yallae Rasooli .
“ What we need is infrastructure .
What have the Americans done aside from paving a few roads that fall apart after a few years and building some wooden houses ? ”
WASHINGTON - Targeted college campus violence , from serious assaults to the mass shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007 , is up sharply over the last two decades .
The number of cases rose from 40 during the 1980s to 79 in the 1990s and 83 since 2000 , says a study issued Friday by the FBI , Secret Service and Education Department .
The cause of the increase is unknown , though the report noted a dramatic rise in college student enrollment in the past 20 years .
Violence on or near college campuses is hardly new .
The report cited , for example , a murder - suicide in 1909 .
In that incident 101 years ago , a man shot and killed a student on her college campus and then killed himself , reportedly after the student rejected his marriage proposals .
" For years , colleges and universities have worked to address this challenge - to create safe campuses where academic and personal growth can flourish , " says the study , " Campus Attacks . "
" In the wake of the Virginia Tech tragedy , many universities were confronted with the troubling reality that one person can , in a few brief moments , devastate a college community through an act of targeted violence . "
The report was released on the third anniversary of the shooting rampage by Virginia Tech student Seung - Hui Cho , who killed 32 students and faculty members and took his own life .
The report comes as a result of recommendations from a federal panel that studied that tragedy .
In the 272 incidents of targeted violence studied for the report , 281 people were killed 247 injured .
Of those deaths , at least 190 were students and at least 72 were employees .
Targeted violence is defined as cases where attackers select a victim beforehand or randomly choose victims because they fit some predetermined profile or relationship .
It excludes violence that breaks out spontaneously , such as during an argument .
The study found that :
- Factors relating to an intimate relationship were a motivating or triggering factor in a third of attacks and academic stress or failure was a factor in one out of 10 attacks .
- Sixty percent of those who engaged in targeted campus violence were current or former students at the school where the violence took place .
- Firearms were used in more than half the incidents and knives or weapons with a blade were used in over 20 percent .
- Over 90 percent of those who committed such attacks were male .
In nearly three - quarters of the incidents studied , the attacker appeared to have targeted one or more specifically named individuals .
But sometimes it appeared that random people were targeted along with specific victims .
Understanding what motivates an attacker to go solely after random victims " remains a complex and difficult challenge , " the report said .
The report included 52 acts of violence in areas surrounding college campuses , saying that to exclude nearby locations would neglect the role of campus safety departments and campus threat assessment teams in securing the general area .
The report is a preliminary step in gaining a better understanding of targeted campus violence .
The next phase of the work - a collaboration between the FBI and the Education Department - will examine case files and investigative records from campus attacks , with a focus on factors such as past behavior and mental illness by those who carry out such crimes .
The research is expected to help threat assessment teams made up of professionals from a wide range of campus departments .
The teams created in the aftermath of the Virginia Tech killings identify individuals whose behavior causes concern or is disruptive and assess whether the person has the intent or ability to carry out an attack .
Mr Khatami said that last year 's presidential election was rigged
Iran 's former president has been barred from leaving the country , reports say .
Mohammad Khatami was expected to attend a nuclear disarmament conference in Japan , but his aides say he was banned from travelling .
Organisers of the meeting in Hiroshima have confirmed that he cancelled his appearance at the last minute .
Mr Khatami has been under steady pressure from the Iranian government following the disputed presidential election in June last year .
The Iranian opposition , including Mr Khatami and the defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , said the election was rigged .
Thousands of opposition supporters took to the streets after it was announced that the incumbent , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , had won by a landslide .
More than 80 people are believed to have died in the clashes with the security forces .
The BBC's Iran correspondent Jon Leyne , reporting from London , says that since the election , President Ahmadinejad 's government has put severe restrictions on the opposition leadership .
He says that when they have tried to attend demonstrations they have faced intimidation from members of the government 's Basij militia , and many of their senior aides are in prison .
But so far the government has been wary of going further and arresting the leaders themselves , our correspondent adds .
LANSING , Mich . —
In a rare speech to lawmakers , Michigan Supreme Court Chief Justice Marilyn Kelly said Wednesday that the state 's poor economy has made it harder for some residents to afford legal services and steps must be taken to help them .
Her plans to address the problem include creating a task force to promote ways to help people who can't afford an attorney , and a Web site will be developed for non-lawyers who represent themselves in legal proceedings , Kelly said .
Home to the nation 's highest unemployment rate of 14.1 percent , Michigan now has more people eligible for civil legal aid but agencies must often turn them away because they , too , have limited resources .
" Among our most persistent and entrenched problems is the high cost of using the courts , " Kelly told House and Senate members during her State of the Judiciary speech at the state Capitol .
" For too many low - and middle - income people , the legal system is too expensive .
And that 's been the case for decades , " she said .
" But now in a cruel but logical irony , the state 's current struggling economy has rendered more people in serious need of legal services and simultaneously made those services harder to afford . "
Kelly , who became chief justice last year , also urged more support for those with mental illness , including programs that might prevent them from landing in the state 's criminal justice system .
" The truth is that a great amount of crime has its origins in mental illness , " Kelly said .
" Unfortunately , our current model for dealing with the mentally ill tends toward imposing treatment only after a person 's behavior has reached a crisis point , when the person becomes violent . "
Some mental health support services have faced budget cuts in recent years of Michigan 's ongoing state government budget problems .
The pressure to make cuts will continue in the budget year that begins Oct. 1 because the state faces an overall combined budget deficit of about $ 1.7 billion .
Kelly 's speech marked the first time in a decade that a chief justice of the Michigan Supreme Court addressed a joint session of the Legislature .
The last to do so was Justice Elizabeth Weaver in 2000 .
A popular iPhone app has been falsely listing American sex offenders as living in Sydney suburbs , raises privacy concerns , fears of vigilantism and questions about Apple 's own internal policies , writes James West .
A popular American iPhone application , available through Apple ’s Australian iTunes store , was falsely listing American sex offenders as living in Sydney suburbs for at least four months , raising privacy concerns , fears of vigilantism and questions about Apple ’s own internal policies when vetting applications for the local market .
Until earlier this week , the Sex Offenders Search application was placing several sex offenders on Sydney suburban streets .
At Byran Avenue in Normanhurst , a leafy cul - de- sac leading to a park , the application listed a six - foot two white male with a record of indecent solicitation of a child .
In San Souci , a man was listed as being guilty of “ lewd or lascivious battery ” of a victim aged between 12 and 15 .
Another was a blue - eyed man , supposedly living in Fairfield West on Corona Road , with convictions involving the rape of teenager .
The high - rating app is designed by Florida - based company LogSat for American families , using publicly available , privately maintained American data .
It ’s also available from the Australian store as a free “ lite ” version , or for purchase as an extended - feature version for $ 2.49 .
The application page in the Apple iTunes store claims : “ Our world can be a dangerous place .
Knowledge and awareness are our first line of defence ” .
One resident ( who did n’t want her name revealed ) was gobsmacked that sex offenders were being pinpointed near her Kings Langley address in Sydney ’s western suburbs .
“ It ’s pretty scary that any company can create an application like that and put it on the internet , ” she told Crikey , “ because then that information is available to anyone who can start harassing people . ”
Residents along her street in Kings Langley were being listed by the application as living alongside 12 registered s-x offenders , each in a different house .
In her case , next door was the house of a man guilty of sexual contact with an individual younger than 11 years old .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
“ I can tell you no one of that name has ever lived here , ” she said .
iTunes states the application was released here on December 9 last year , with updates for the iPad coming at the beginning of April .
In the States , the app enjoyed a run in the top paid applications in the US shop and received national media coverage .
One
Fox report called it “ a new powerful tool to spot sex offenders ” , featuring a mother who even recognises one of the men in her search .
The application designers say there were 44,231 downloads from the United States in the last week .
There were 51 downloads from the Australian store .
Using red pins embedded in a Google Map , the application locates almost 600,000 s-x offenders in America , including photos , descriptions of their crimes and even height and weight information .
The sex offender located by the software on Bedford Avenue in Normanhurst actually lives on Bedford Avenue , Brooklyn .
Similar glitches are apparent in London , Paris and other cities checked by Crikey .
Roberto Franceschetti , the designer of the application , confirmed by email that the addresses had been mapped incorrectly .
After reviewing his database , Franceschetti discovered about 200 incorrect entries in the southern hemisphere .
“ At first glance it does appear that the majority of these 200 individual [s ] are listed as ‘ deported ’ by various law enforcement agencies here in the US , and have been assigned an incorrect address in their records that resolves ( again , incorrectly ) , to Australian co-ordinates , ” he said .
The company is now manually double - checking the data .
The application is downloadable in all countries that have access to an iTunes store .
Franceschetti said all false searches have been removed from Australia , but problems persist in other countries .
He has not been contacted previously by Apple Australia about the erroneous results , which does n’t ask designers to tailor products for different jurisdictions ( Apple refused to comment when contacted by Crikey ) .
The accompanying blurb on the iTunes store does let the customer know that the application only uses US data .
Stephen Blanks , secretary of the NSW Council for Civil Liberties , is concerned the product is available to Australian consumers .
He told Crikey : “ Companies such as Apple , which deal in products that reveal personal information , have an important obligation to ensure that their products comply with Australian privacy standards .
Apple needs to demonstrate a commitment to privacy by removing this app from its Australian store immediately , and disabling the app for anyone who has purchased it in Australia , and refunding the purchase price . ”
Blanks also highlighted the problem of mistaken identity , saying the application posed a risk to people with a similar name in the vicinity of a search .
In response to the so - called Megan ’s Law ( named after a seven - year - old New Jersey girl was raped and killed by a paroled s-x offender in 1994 ) , all states of America are required to make information available regarding registered s-x offenders .
While individual states decide what information is shared , and how , the federal Department of Justice runs a national s-x offender database .
The Australian National Child Offender Register ( ANCOR ) allows police to share information between jurisdictions on convicted offenders , but there are no publicly accessible registries .
In 2007 , the Australian Institute of Criminology raised several concerns with a public registry , including that offender compliance varies , offenders can still “ go underground ” and that the focus on a few known offenders may distract attention from the more common intra-familial abuse .
That was backed by research from the New Jersey Department of Corrections , which found Megan ’s Law has no impact on reducing sex crimes .
The Sydney resident thinks Apple should apologise .
“ This is something you ca n’t ignore .
You ca n’t sweep it under the rug , ” she said .
James
West is researching internet regulation at the Journalism and Media Research Centre at the University of NSW .
His first book , Beijing Blur , explored internet censorship and youth culture in China .
Kardinalsbelobigung für Vergewaltigungs - Vertuschung Peter Muehlbauer
Einem Bischof , der einen pädophilen Priester trotz Wissens über mehrere Missbrauchsfälle nicht anzeigte , wurde dafür von einem hohen vatikanischen Würdenträger brieflich gratuliert
Vor 10 Jahren verurteilte ein französisches Gericht den katholischen Geistliche René Bissey wegen mehrfacher Vergewaltigung und sexuellem Missbrauch zu 18 Jahren Gefängnis .
Bissey , so war bei den Ermittlungen herausgekommen , hatte sein Unwesen nur deshalb so lange treiben können , weil ihn der damalige Bischof der westfranzösischen Diözese Bayeux - Lisieux zwar von seinen Taten wusste , aber nicht entsprechend dagegen einschritt .
Darauf hin zeigten die Eltern mehrerer Opfer auch diesen an - und auch ihn befand ein Gericht für schuldig und sprach eine Bewährungsstrafe in Höhe von drei Monaten aus .
Nun wurde über die Zeitschrift Golias bekannt , dass der erst im vorigen Monat in Pension gegangene Bischof Auguste Gratien Pican für sein Schweigen ein Belobigungsschreiben des vatikanischen Präfekten der Kongregation für den Klerus erhielt .
In dem auf den 8 .
September 2001 datierten Dokument gratuliert der als konservativer Hardliner bekannte Kolumbianer Darío Castrillón Hoyos dem Franzosen und teilt ihm mit , er freue sich " einen Mitbruder im Bischofsamt zu haben , der vor den Augen der Geschichte und aller anderen Bischöfe der Welt das Gefängnis dem Verrat an einem ihm unterstellten Priester vorzieht " .
Aufgrund der " geistigen Vaterschaft " zwischen einem Bischof und seinem Priester , so Hoyos , habe Pican moralisch ein Zeugnisverweigerungsrecht zugestanden , weshalb er " recht gehandelt " habe und anderen als Vorbild empfohlen würde .
Auch in den USA macht der katholische Klerus weiterhin Negativschlagzeilen :
Dort riefen die drei Bischöfe von Connecticut ihre Gläubigen zum Widerstand gegen die geplante Aufhebung der bisher 30 jährigen Verjährungsfristen bei Kindsmissbrauch auf .
In einem bei Gottesdiensten verlesenen gemeinsamen Brief begründen sie dies unter anderem damit , dass solch eine Gesetzesänderung " alle kirchlichen Institutionen gefährden " würde .
Am anderen Ende des Landes , in Alaska verklagen Eskimos währenddessen eine ganze Reihe von Ordenspriestern .
Ihnen zufolge erklärt sich die auffällige Häufung von Kindsmissbrauch in ihrer Heimat nur dadurch , dass ihre Gemeinden gezielt als Entsorgungsplätze für Pädophile genutzt wurden .
A New York assemblyman whose daughter is alive because of two kidney transplants wants his state to become the first in the nation to pass laws that would presume people want to donate their organs unless they specifically say otherwise .
Assemblyman Richard Brodsky believes the “ presumed consent ” measures would help combat a rising demand for healthy organs by patients forced to wait a year or more for transplants .
Twenty - four European countries already have such laws in place , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
If he succeeds , distraught families would no longer be able to override their loved ones ’ decisions to donate upon their death .
And eventually , hospitals would be able to assume the deceased consented to have his or her organs harvested , unless the person refused in writing .
Brodsky ’s interest in organ donation is personal ; his 18 - year - old daughter , Julianne “ Willie ” Brodsky , received a kidney four years ago from a donor who was struck by lightning and an earlier transplant from her mother .
“ People ’s survival should not rest on acts of God alone , ” said the elder Brodsky , a Westchester County Democrat .
Advocates say the availability of healthy donor organs is low just about everywhere nationwide , where 106,000 people are on a waiting list that averages three to four years for each type of organ .
But serious emotional , medical and ethical concerns worry families , who currently can stop organ harvests even if their loved ones agree to donate .
So New York will move slowly , Brodsky said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The state Department of Motor Vehicles says that 95 percent of the 2 million donors on New York ’s donor registry come from driver ’s licenses .
The shortage occurs because the need is constant and many donors sign up when they are young , meaning any organ harvest can be years away .
Presumed consent , opponents say , could force someone to become a donor against their will .
It also might lead patients viewed as prospective donors to worry about how hard a medical team will work to save them if there is a greater benefit to harvesting the organs .
Arthur Caplan , director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania , knows those arguments .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is a keen interest in trying to do something about the shortage of organs , ” he said , noting a consent effort surfaced last year Delaware , but stalled .
“ Just redoubling efforts to get people using donor cards is n’t working . ”
He said advances in medicine , a proliferation of transplant centers and longer life spans are driving demand , while supply is fairly static .
Advocates say more than a dozen people on the national waiting list die each day .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think about it a lot , ” said Kathe LeBeau , 51 , of Latham , N.Y .
She ’s had kidney disease since she was 45 , is on dialysis and has been waiting three years on the list for a kidney donation .
“ I ca n’t hardly wait for the call . ”
Presumed consent , especially compared to another possible option of creating a legal organ market , can work in the United States as it has successfully in Europe , Caplan said .
“ I have been arguing since 1983 for presumed consent … Spain , Austria , and Belgium shows success and it works and people do n’t feel they are n’t given a fair chance to say ‘ no , ' ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Still , he said a system that defaults to harvesting everyone ’s organs will be a hard sell , and prompt misconceptions .
A 2008 bill in Delaware would have created an opt - out organ donation program but never got out of committee .
Opponents called it an intrusion into people ’s privacy that treated organs as commodities .
New York ’s presumed consent would come in stages .
The primary bill , which has strong support , would end what Brodsky said is a common practice by upset relatives who override the checkoffs of driver ’s licenses and other documents executed by deceased donors .
This would enable hospitals to more quickly prepare a body for organ removal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’ve lost literally thousands of organs in the confusion , ” Brodsky said .
The next step is far more controversial .
In a separate bill , drivers would check a box saying they do n’t want to donate organs .
If the box is not checked , it is presumed the driver wants to donate .
Brodsky says he would revisit the opt - out bill if the primary bill is made law .
Some national organ donor organizations refuse to take positions on the opt - out proposal .
So far , neither bill has a sponsor in the state Senate , also controlled by Democrats .
The session ends June 21 , but remains dominated by the late state budget that was due April 1 .
Mochila insert follows …
Global Water Intelligence analysts expect the water supply market to grow about 20 % in the next five years
Private companies are poised for a surge in demand to take over water supplies , despite widespread opposition to privatisation of what is seen as a life - giving public service .
Global Water Intelligence analysts expect the water supply market to grow about 20 % in the next five years , and demand is especially strong in North Africa , the Middle East and China , GWI 's publisher Christopher Gasson told the Guardian .
Another big growth area is likely to be the US , where " hundreds " of public water authorities thought to be talking to private operators , said Dan McCarthy , president and CEO of the global water division of engineering group Black & Veatch .
Renewed growth is being driven by poor services and the need for huge investment to repair and expand supplies , which in a recession is even harder for governments and municipal authorities to fund , said Gasson .
It is also encouraged by less historical opposition to private suppliers in much of the big - growth regions , and the continuing " marketisation " of China , he said .
" There 's been a move towards private sector finance and operation because of this failure to deliver , " said Gasson .
" If you have a contractor and the contractor does n't deliver you can beat him over the head , but if you have a public employee who 's got a job for life it 's much more difficult to demand performance . "
Private companies are seen as a source of finance , and a useful scapegoat to raise bills to help pay for the investment , because the decision would be made by state regulators rather than local politicians , said McCarthy : " It takes a bit of pressure off the local officials if they can shift that to somebody who 's less impacted by the politics . "
Despite huge controversy over privatisation of water suppliers in the last couple of decades – most famously violent protests in Bolivia over huge big bill increases – a World Bank report last year showed the population served by private companies has continued to expand , from almost zero in 1991 to more than 160 m in 2007 .
GWI 's annual market report forecasted private company spending on water supplies would rise from about $ 45 bn ( £ 30 bn ) last year to nearly $ 70bn in just five years ' time , and private finance of other water infrastructure more than double from about $ 30 bn to more than $ 70bn .
However , still only about 10 % of the world population is supplied by private operators , although more than four out of 10 people have no network supply at all .
The resurgence of privatisation interest , and continuing controversy over the issue , prompted GWI to chose it as the theme for the main debate at its major annual industry meeting in Paris this week .
AquaFed , the private industry lobby group , defended the continuing growth of public supplies , citing the World Bank study of 36 contracts in Africa , Latin America and Asia , which found private operators improved continuity of service and water quality , reduced leaks , and did not charge prices higher than public managers under the same conditions .
" Everybody needs access to water and sanitation in a way that 's affordable , " Gérard Payen , Aquafed 's president , told the debate , referring to calls for water to be treated as a human right .
" [ But ] the right which is recognised but not effective for people is useless . "
Many delegates described the debate as " sterile " , " pointless " , or a " red herring " ; they argued there were good and bad examples of water operators from both public and private sectors , and private suppliers could be controlled by good regulation .
Passionate opposition remains however , and not everything is going the private operators ' way : officials in Gary , Indiana , in the US , want to terminate their private contract early , claiming they can do the job for half the price ; and the concession to supply 2 million residents in central Paris was recently awarded to a public authority , after 25 years of private operation .
Maude Barlow , chair of Food & Water Watch campaign group , told delegates that although private companies could help build networks and big infrastructure , they should not be able to make a profit from supplying water .
" I do n't think anybody should be making money from delivering water because it can be done in the public sector on a not - for - profit basis , " said Barlow .
" No corporation can survive on that basis ...
You make decisions about life and death because you have to make a profit , and that 's the issue here . "
Oxfam said it was concerned about big private operators " cherry picking " the most profitable customers , and suing governments if they tried to terminate contracts for poor performance or exorbitant prices – as Bechtel tried to do in Bolivia .
" Market - led solutions have often undermined the provision of essential services and have had a negative impact on the poorest and most vulnerable communities , " said a spokesman .
" Water privatisation is the most notorious example . "
I am always looking for new and interesting means by which I can find out information about my ancestors .
Recently I found myself perusing the website Missing Money .
According to the site , Missing Money is “ a database of governmental unclaimed property records ” .
Some of the examples of the types of unclaimed properties are bank accounts and safe deposit box contents , stocks , mutual funds , bonds , and dividends , uncashed checks and wages , insurance policies , CD ’s , trust funds , and utility deposits , escrow accounts ” .
Looking further into the site , I found a little more explanation as to how these unclaimed properties end up where they do .
According to the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators ( NAUPA ) , accounts from businesses and financial institutions that have had no activity and no contact with an individual for more than a year are handed over to a state administrator .
The most interesting peice I read stated , “ Most states hold lost funds until you are found , returning them to you at no cost or for a nominal handling fee upon filing a claim form and verification of your identity . ”
From what I could tell , there was no time limit on how long the state administrator would hold on to this missing money .
The first thing that came to mind was how cool it would be if I were to find an old insurance policy or something that belonged to a long dead relative ?
With that in mind , I started to do some researching .
I started by searching myself as well as my brother and sister – just in case .
Nothing .
No hits on my parents either .
Perhaps it ’s too soon for one of them to “ forget ” about money they had somewhere .
So I skipped down the line a bit and went for my great - grandparents , Earle Russell Miller and Dorothy Frances ( Baker ) Miller .
Nothing for Earle , but when I looked for Dorothy , I found four results for a Dorothy Miller with a Somerville , Massachusetts address ( They lived there for some time from the 30’s to the 50’s I believe ) .
Each of the four hits were from a “ Corestates Financial Corp ” ; a brief look into the history of the company shows that the bank had been around in one shape or form since its original structure as Philadelphia Bank in 1803 .
So the odds are in favor that these could be old bank accounts belonging to my great - grandmother !
I made note that I may have found a potential “ winner ” ( I ’d have to see what my father would suggest since he ’s closer in relationship than myself ) and continued searching other names .
Since just about everyone else on my Miller side came from Canada , I decided to start poking around my mother ’s side of the family .
I did a quick search for the surname Willetts in Pennsylvania – my mother ’s grandfather ’s family were from Pennsylvania .
BAM !
Another hit .
This one was my grandmother ’s cousin .
I think I met her once when I was a little boy , but she died in 1983 .
She never married and had no children that I was aware of .
I decided to see what steps would have to be taken to claim this particular money , so I followed the link to the Pennsylvania Treasury department and found a phone number .
After a brief explanation of the situation , the person on the other end of the line told me how things work in Pennsylvania .
In order to be immediately eligible to claim the missing property , the claimant has to be a spouse , parent , or child of the individual if they are deceased .
If the relationship is more distant than that , the individual would have to reopen probate for the purpose of claiming the money .
The woman was very nice and told me that the amount listed for the account I was calling for was $ 56.28 ; not really enough to justify hiring a lawyer to reopen probate with the courts !
I agreed and thanked her for the time – a valuable lesson nonetheless .
I ’ll certainly be digging deeper into the vast generations of my family tree for more opportunities .
If nothing else , it adds a little more detail to the lives these past generations left and what may have been overlooked by the courts at the time of their death .
NEWS : US ambassador to Israel listens to call for genocide from rabbis ' ' peace congress '
Arutz Sheva ( ' Channel Seven ' ) , an Israeli media network that runs Israel National News ( INN ) , reported that on Dec. 30 , 2009 , a rabbinical " congress for peace " proposed to U.S. Ambassador to Israel James Cunningham genocidal ethnic cleansing of Palestinians as " the Biblical approach to the dispute over the Land of Israel , " in the name of " the Divine will " .
[ 1 ] -- Gil Ronen reported that " The ambassador was visibly moved . " -- " Rabbi Dov Lior , the Rabbi of Kiryat Arba-Hevron , said : ' G -d gave the U.S. the power and influence to affect the rest of the world and supporting Israel is the key to America 's success . ' "
-- NOTE : Why should a U.S. Ambassador listen patiently to the ravings of this fanatical group ? --
Its director , Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Lewin , said in 2005 that " Katrina is a consequence of the destructionof [ Gaza 's ] Gush Katif [ slate of Jewish communities ] with America 's urging and encouragement . "
-- COMMENT : Occasionally , the genocidal character of the God of the Bible is recognized , but for all too many believers it is a bridge too far .
-- Gerald Hiestand , pastor at Harvest Bible Chapel in the Chicago suburbs and executive director of the Society for the Advancement of Ecclesial Theology , wrote in 2005 : " I was teaching through the book of Judges a number of years ago when one of my students rightly observed that the Jewish conquest of Canaan was , in fact , nothing short of a God- ordained genocide .
So appalling was this thought to my student that he left the group and never returned .
But what was perhaps the most troubling thing to me was that none of my other students really seemed to grasp the significance of the discussion .
-- Our God is a God of genocide . " --
Today , most Israelis seem to be similarly unable to " grasp the significance of the discussion , " and through a variety of factors -- the Israel lobby , Christian Zionism , and the myth of American exceptionalism among them -- the United States seems also unable to " grasp the significance of the discussion . " ...
1 .
RABBIS TO U.S. AMBASSADOR : TIME TO 'GO BIBLICAL ' WITH ARABS
By Gil Ronen
Arutz Sheva ( IsraelNN.com )
December 30 , 2009
http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/135283
or
http://theyeshivaworld.com/news/General+News/44074/
A delegation of the Rabbinical Congress for Peace ( RCP ) met with U.S. Ambassador to Israel , Mr. James Cunningham , today and called for a reassessment of the entire U.S. policy vis-à - vis the Israelis and Palestinians .
The rabbis told Ambassador Cunningham that it was time to try the Biblical approach to the dispute over the Land of Israel .
" The past 17 years have proven without a shadow of a doubt that every square inch ceded by Israel to the Palestinians was transformed into a platform of hatred and terrorism , " RCP Director Rabbi Avrohom Shmuel Lewin told the ambassador .
" In other words , the ' land for peace ' formula in the Israel - Palestinian context , besides being a formula that goes against the Divine will , is ineffective , obsolete , and an exercise in futility .
Most of all it is a dangerous policy that only leads to bloodshed and instability in the region and harms vital American interests in the region as well , " Lewin said .
' LAND FOR PEACE DOESN'T WORK '
The delegation was headed by Rabbi Joseph Gerlitzky , Chairman of the RCP , who is also the Rabbi of Central Tel Aviv where the U.S. embassy is located .
Rabbi Gerlitzky presented the ambassador with the Halachic ( Jewish legal ) ruling signed by over 350 prominent rabbis in Israel that it is forbidden to give up even one inch of territory controlled by Israel today because it will bring bloodshed and instability to the region .
" In the name of the overwhelming majority of rabbis in Israel , " he said , " we request of you , Mr. Ambassador , to convey our Halachic message to President Barack Obama that it is time for a complete reversal and reassessment of U.S. policy in the Middle East .
The ' land for peace ' policy never worked and harms U.S. interests in the region and the world at large . "
The ambassador was visibly moved by Rabbi Sholom Gold , a leading rabbi in Jerusalem , who described the suffering that the Jewish People have endured ever since the implementation of the Oslo Accords and the agreements that followed .
" It 's all a play of words , there is no peace process , " he said .
" From the day that we started conceding and withdrawing we did not have one day of rest and peace .
Why should our enemies want to make peace with us when they see that with terrorism they get what they want ?
Even the U.S. , Israel 's supposedly best friend , sides with them in demanding a freeze and evacuation of settlements .
Is the triumph of Arab terror one of American interests ? "
Gold asked .
GOING BIBLICAL
Rabbi Dov Lior , the Rabbi of Kiryat Arba-Hevron , said : " G -d gave the U.S. the power and influence to affect the rest of the world and supporting Israel is the key to America 's success . "
Ambassador Cunningham told the rabbis that he does not see how the problem can be solved “ without taking into consideration the Palestinians , ” to which Rabbi Gold remarked : " Ever since we started taking the Palestinians into consideration the situation only worsened . "
The ambassador asked the rabbis , " So what is your solution to the problem ? "
Rabbi Gerlitzky replied : " You must switch the entire approach to the situation .
We all believe in the Holy Bible and up until now we tried every formula except for that which is delineated in the Bible .
Let 's try it and who knows , Mr. Ambassador , maybe this is your defining moment , that G-d Almighty has placed you in this capacity in order to precipitate a new course which will bring a true peace to the entire region . "
Finally , the day has come .
At some magical point in time during today , all you Xbox 360 owners will be prompted to update to the latest firmware for your beloved console .
Once the tidy little exchange of data with Microsoft 's servers has been completed , you 'll at long last be able to plug USB memory sticks in and exploit a bit of functionality that frankly should 've been there from the start .
So that 's it , all your game saves , profiles and other 360 - related trinkets can finally be taken on the move without resorting to lugging a HDD around .
In the mean time , SanDisk 's previously rumored Xbox 360 - branded $ 40 8 GB flash drive is looking all the more real , with Amazon now offering pre-orders at a slightly less crazy $ 35 price point .
You know , in case the millions of USB storage options out there are n't doing it for you .
( THE WALL STREET JOURNAL ) , Feb. 1 , 2010
A skirmish over an oil field on the shores of Africa 's Lake Albert highlights Big Oil 's intense interest in Uganda -- a rising star of African energy .
The battle centers on the Ugandan assets of Heritage Oil PLC , a small U.K. - based explorer , which is selling its stakes in the much - coveted Lake Albert Rift Basin .
The area has yielded some of sub-Saharan Africa 's largest onshore oil discoveries of recent years .
Big energy companies like Italy 's Eni SpA , France 's Total SA and China National Offshore Oil Co. all are vying for access to Uganda 's oil wealth .
Uganda 's onshore oil is particularly appealing because it is relatively inexpensive to produce .
That sets it apart from other frontier provinces , like the deep waters off Brazil 's coast and the Arctic Ocean , where the majors require an oil price of around $ 60 a barrel just to break even .
Initially , Eni looked to be the likely winner , announcing in November that it was buying Heritage 's stakes for $ 1.5 billion in cash and assets .
But Tullow Oil PLC , Heritage 's partner in the oil field , exercised its contractual right to block the sale and acquire the stakes itself at the same price .
Tullow 's purchase , however , is subject to approval by the Ugandan government .
The initial reaction was negative , with the country 's energy minister saying the government did n't want one company to end up with control of the whole oil field and would prevent the sale if necessary .
Heritage and Tullow share ownership of two blocks in the oil field , while Tullow owns all of a third .
Acquiring Heritage 's stakes would give Tullow full ownership of all three blocks , covering 3,900 square miles , more than twice the area of Rhode Island .
The government 's position appeared to soften after Tullow Chief Executive Aidan Heavey met with Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni in Kampala recently .
Tullow said that once in full possession of the oil field it would sell half to either Cnooc or Total to help finance the construction of a refinery and an 800 - mile pipeline that would carry the oil to world markets .
Such an arrangement would allow Tullow to control who it works with as well as concentrate on its core activities -- exploring for and pumping oil , rather than refining and transporting it to market .
Tullow also announced plans last Wednesday to raise around $ 1.6 billion in a rights issue to help it develop Uganda 's oil .
Tullow now is the favorite to take the Heritage stakes , with Cnooc edging out Total as Tullow 's most - likely partner , a person familiar with the matter said .
Mr. Museveni met with Cnooc executives in Kampala last week and is expected to meet them again this week to finalize details , the person said .
Cnooc and Total declined to comment .
Eni has n't given up , however , and last week sweetened its package .
The company 's CEO , Paolo Scaroni , said in a newspaper interview that Eni would not only develop the Lake Albert field and build a refinery and pipeline to the Indian Ocean , but also would construct an electricity plant in Uganda and upgrade a railway line from Kampala to the Kenyan port of Mombasa .
He said Eni would invest $ 13 billion in the " integrated development plan . "
Eni declined to comment for this article .
Tullow declined to comment on Eni's new offer .
What has attracted companies like Eni to Uganda is the one billion barrels of crude already discovered in the Lake Albert Rift Basin , a vast , oil - rich area close to Uganda 's border with Congo to the west , and the huge untapped potential of the region .
Tullow estimates that about 1.5 billion barrels , roughly the same amount as Yemen 's oil reserves , remain to be discovered in the basin .
Uganda also is seen as more stable politically than many of its neighbors , though the north of the country is wracked by armed conflict between the army and a rebel group , the Lord 's Resistance Army , that has displaced hundreds of thousands of people .
Uganda plans to produce around 150,000 barrels of oil a day in four to six years , most of which will be exported .
For comparison , that is slightly less than the output of Brunei .
The steady revenue stream from oil could radically change the fortunes of the east African country , one of the world 's poorest .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
From POLITICAL HOTSHEET at CBS NEWS :
Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , the legislator who has led a group of House Democrats who oppose the Senate health care bill because of its abortion language , says his life has become a “ living hell ” because of the debate .
… snip …
His congressional offices have been inundated with phone calls , e-mails and more than 1,500 faxes on the issue — most from people outside of his district , Stupak said .
… snip … Stupak has insisted the Democrats ’ health care bill should include language to ensure that federal dollars are not used to fund abortions .
He managed to get Democratic leaders to add strict language to the House health care bill limiting abortion coverage , and the Senate bill added similar language .
Stupak says , however , that the Senate health care bill does not go far enough , and he claims there are about a dozen Democrats who will vote against the Senate bill with him .
A number of legislators and advocacy groups disagree with Stupak , including leaders of religious orders representing 59,000 Catholic nuns who announced yesterday they find the Senate bill ’s abortion language acceptable .
Original movie poster
A couple of other anti-abortion rights House Democrats — Reps. Dale Kildee of Michigan and James Oberstar of Minnesota — also said yesterday they are reassured the Senate language is acceptable .
Kildee plans to vote for the bill ; Oberstar initially said he would vote yes , but his spokesperson told the New York Times that Oberstar was “ a strong likely yes . ”
Stupak told the Hill , however , that he still has 12 House Democrats willing to vote against the Senate bill because of the abortion language .
From Joan Walsh at Salon :
I ’m not a huge admirer of Rep. Bart Stupak , who tacked an amendment onto the House version of healthcare reform that went way beyond what was needed to make sure federal insurance subsidies are n’t spent on abortion .
The Senate passed slightly less restrictive language .
It forces women to purchase “ special ” abortion coverage with their own funds , which effectively prevents anyone getting public subsidies from having abortion covered , since by its nature abortion represents an unplanned event .
We all know the odds are high we ’ll get sick and need healthcare one day ; not so when it comes to abortion .
“ Abortion insurance ” is sort of a contradiction in terms .
But that ’s not enough for Stupak ; he wants his original language restored to the House bill .
That ’s a sure way to scuttle the bill , since the House can’t change the Senate bill without sending it back to the Senate for another vote , where Sen.
Scott Brown has vowed to torpedo it .
I ca n’t tell if Stupak just is n’t smart enough to realize the bill already does what he wants it to do , or whether he ’s deliberately trying to kill the bill , in concert with his C Street Republican friends . [… ]
But he went beyond what was necessary , yesterday and today , in disrespecting the 60 Catholic nuns representing 59,000 sisters who bucked the Catholic bishops and came out for the bill Wednesday , declaring it “ the real pro-life position . ”
“ When I ’m drafting right - to - life language , I do n’t call up the nuns , ” Stupak told Fox News .
Instead he said he consulted “ leading bishops , Focus on the Family , and the National Right to Life Committee . ”
Thursday , on MSNBC ’s “ Hardball , ” he repeated his dismissal of nuns ’ opinions , insisting he listens only to the bishops and that he ’s never even been lobbied by nuns .
… snip …
There was a way for Stupak to say he disagreed with the nuns without condescending to them , but two days in a row , he did n’t find it . [… ]
He joins the patriarchal leaders of the Catholic Church who never listen to the voices of women , either , and he ’s proud of that .
So is Catholic League blowhard Bill Donohue , who released a statement saying only the bishops could speak for the Catholic Church .
Not only the nuns but the Catholic Health Association disagree with Donohue and Stupak , joining the push to pass the bill .
( Natural News )
Two out of every three store - bought chickens may be contaminated with bacteria that commonly cause human illness , according to a study conducted by the Consumers Union .
" Consumers still need to be very careful in handling chicken , which is routinely contaminated with disease - causing bacteria , " said Urvashi Rangan , the union 's director of technical policy .
Researchers conducted tests on 382 fresh broiler chickens purchased at 100 retailers in 22 states in spring 2009 .
A full two - thirds of the chickens were contaminated with either one or both of the bacteria strains most often responsible for food - borne illness .
Although this figure is an improvement over the 2007 figure of 80 percent , the Consumers Union still called the numbers " far too high " and called for stricter government regulation .
Sixty - two percent of chickens tested positive for campylobacter , the number two cause of food - borne illness .
Fourteen percent tested positive for salmonella , the number one cause , and 9 percent tested positive for both .
In contrast , the U.S. Department of Agriculture found only 5 percent of chickens contaminated with salmonella in its tests of chicken packing plants in April , May and June 2009 .
The Consumers Union noted that its own tests were conducted farther down the supply chain , when more opportunities for contamination had arisen .
It also pointed to prior studies finding widespread campylobacter contamination at chicken processing plants , and called upon the government to set a maximum safe threshold for levels of the bacteria .
Although cooking destroys both salmonella and campylobacter contamination , people can be exposed to the pathogens while cooking or otherwise processing the raw meat .
In addition , contamination can spread from uncooked chicken to other foods more commonly eaten raw .
For this reason , health experts recommend that chicken always be bagged separately from other foods and refrigerated or frozen within two hours of purchase .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend keeping a separate cutting board exclusively for use on uncooked poultry , in order to prevent contamination of other foods .
Sources for this story include : abcnews.go.com .
April seems to be “ legends ” month here at FACT – having recently brought you mixes from Greg Wilson and A Guy Called Gerald , today we present a brilliant session from The Black Dog .
One of the UK ’s most iconic and inventive electronic acts , The Black Dog was founded by Ken Downie with Ed Handley and Andy Turner .
They released several ear - catching 12 ″s before signing to Warp Records and delivering the Bytes LP in 1993 .
Over the next couple of years and under various aliases ( most notably Balil ) the group would , along with Aphex Twin and Autechre , help establish and develop an intense , investigative post - rave “ listening music ” that drew upon breakbeat , Detroit techno , ambient and classical minimalism , and which lent itself to sombre reflection as much as , if not more than , dancing .
In 1996 , Handley and Turner left The Black Dog to form Plaid .
Downie remained active but arguably a little rudderless throughout the nineties , releasing the fine solo effort Music for Adverts ( And short films ) and working with Steve Ash and Ross Knight on other projects ; it was n’t until 2001 that the ‘ Dog really barked back into life .
Hooking up with Dust Science ’s Richard and Martin Dust , Downie ’s creative energies began to flow freely once more , resulting in a hail of new records and live performances , including the full - lengths Radio Scarecrow ( 2008 ) and Further Vexations ( 2009 ) .
2007 saw the release ( via Soma ) of Book of Dogma , an utterly essential “ best of ” compilation .
Next month comes Music for Real Airports , a brand new album from The Black Dog positioned as a contemporary response to Brian Eno ’s seminal but rarely interrogated 1978 ambient work Music For Airports .
Going up against Eno in his pomp might seem like a foolhardy pursuit , but Music For Real Airports is a strikingly well - realised and satisfying work , and an ambitious start to the new decade from a group which seems set to innovate and inquire long into the future .
The Black Dog ’s FACT mix is comprised entirely of remixes of , or by , the group .
Hold tight for the tracklist , and in the meantime , get downloading and listening .
( Available for three weeks )
Tracklist :
01 . Purity Device – The Thought Police ( Bitten By The Black Dog )
02 . The Black Dog – Tunnels Ov Set ( Autechre Remix )
03 . The Black Dog – Dada Mindstab ( Live Mix )
04 . The Black Dog – Future Delay Thinking ( Live Mix )
05 . Grievous Angel – Billy Preston ( Bitten By The Black Dog )
06 . The Black Dog – Floods ( Surgeon Remix )
07 . The Black Dog – Siiiipher ( Bass Soldier Remix )
08 . The Black Dog – Northern Electronic Soul ( Claro Intelecto Remix )
09 . The Black Dog – CCTV Nation ( Redshape Remix )
10 . The Black Dog – CCTV Nation ( Slam Remix )
11 . The Black Dog – Skin Clock ( Silicon Soul Remix )
12 . The Black Dog – Train By The Autobahn ( 8 Mile Remix by Rob Hood )
13 . LFO – LFO ( Bitten On The Sly By The Black Dog )
14 . Slam – Azure ( The Black Dog ’s Corned Beefy Remix )
In a move that should surprise absolutely nobody , the American Family Association ’s Bryan Fischer outdoes even Focus on the Family in declaring that the Religious Right cannot and will not support the idea of a gay Supreme Court nominee , “ not under any circumstances , ” because they are sexually deviant felons who are inherently incapable of objectivity :
[ A ] gay judge ’s sexual preference will , without any question whatsoever , “ interfere with their job . ”
It ’s not possible for it to be otherwise …
We simply should not elevate to the highest court in the land people who are known for engaging in sexually abnormal behavior which would technically make them felons in a quarter of the states over which they will have jurisdiction .
…
A homosexual judge cannot help but give the home - field advantage to every legal team appearing before him who represents homosexual causes .
It will be impossible for the visiting team , the team representing sexual normalcy and natural marriage , to get a fair shake in his courtroom .
This has never been more important than right now in contemporary American society .
Think for a moment about the number of hot - button issues that revolve around the effort of activists to normalize formally felonious behavior .
Cases involving same - sex marriage are sure to arrive before the Court .
Cases involving domestic partnerships and homosexual adoptions are sure to arrive before the Court .
Cases involving special rights for homosexuals in the workplace are sure to arrive before the Court .
Cases involving homosexual service in the military are sure to arrive before the Court .
Only an utter fool could convince himself that an active homosexual judge could be impartial in rendering judgment on such cases .
The scales of “ justice ” would be tipped irrevocably toward the homosexual agenda and it would be moronic to think otherwise .
With an active homosexual on the bench , Lady Justice will no longer even pretend to be blind .
She will be peeking out from under her blindfold to determine the sexual preference of those standing before her , then will let the fold slip back into place before ruling in every case to legitimize sexual deviancy .
Bottom line : the American ideal of absolute equality before the law will inevitably be shredded by a homosexual judge .
Neither the Constitution nor the American people should be subjected to that kind of judicial malpractice .
We can and should expect more from those who occupy seats on the highest bench in the land .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
One in five people in Britain thinks that haggis , the traditional Scottish dish made from the lung , liver and heart of a sheep , is an animal that roams the Highlands , according to a survey on Friday .
Commissioned by the online takeaway food service Just - Eat.co.uk , the survey found that 18 percent of Britons believe that haggis is a hilltop - dwelling animal .
Another 15 percent said it is a Scottish musical instrument while 4 percent admitted to thinking it was a character from Harry Potter .
The survey questioned 1,623 people across Britain to see how well they were acquainted with traditional Scottish food .
Even 14 percent of the 781 Scottish people polled said they did not know what haggis was .
Reevu 's MSX1 helmet has been around in one form or another for years now , but the company has apparently be busily working on improving it all this time , and it's now finally let an actual production unit loose for an early review .
As before , the helmet relies on an entirely mechanical mechanism rather than rear - view cameras , which webBikeworld says ends up functioning much like a car 's rear - view mirror in practise , with the small mirror in front resting just outside the rider 's line of sight .
Most importantly , however , the site says that the helmet itself is " built like a tank , " and is " good enough to stand on its own even if it did n't have the rear view system . "
Head on past the break for a quick video overview , and hit up the source link below for the site 's complete review .
One would expect the Air Force ’s top civilian adviser to be someone who has spent some time in the US military or who has a very particular educational or skills set that brings something special to what is , after all , a very senior and sensitive position .
Not so .
Dr. Lani Kass , who is the senior Special Assistant to the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force General Norton A. Schwartz , was born , raised , and educated in Israel and then served in that country ’s military where she reached the rank of major .
She has a PhD in Russian studies but advises Air Force Generals on Cyberwarfare , terrorism , and the Middle East .
And Kass appears to have close and continuing ties to her country of birth , frequently spicing her public statements with comments about life in Israel while parroting simplistic views of the nature of the Islamic threat that might have been scripted in Tel Aviv ’s Foreign Ministry .
Kass ’ official Air Force bio , which has been expunged from the Pentagon website possibly due to less than flattering commentary regarding her appointment , indicates that since January 2006 she has been " the principal adviser on policy and strategy and formulates , develops , implements , and communicates the policies , programs and goals of the Air Force . "
Another official bio adds that she " … conducts numerous complex , high priority special assignments involving research and fact - finding to develop analyses , position and issue papers , and generate new initiatives based on a variety of strategic subjects of critical importance to the Joint Staff and / or the Joint Force . "
There have also been suggestions that Kass has recently become an informal adviser to Admiral Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on Middle Eastern policy .
Dr. Lani Kass is married to Norman Kass , a former Pentagon Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense , and resides in McLean , Virginia .
She has been naturalized as a US citizen and is presumably a dual national who now holds both American and Israeli passports .
Her three children were all born in Israel .
While it is perhaps not unusual for American citizens to volunteer with the Israel Defense Forces as White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel did in 1991 , it would have to be considered unprecedented for a senior Israeli military officer to obtain a high level position at the Pentagon .
In fact , it is hard to imagine that anyone carrying out a security background investigation would approve such a transition under any circumstances , suggesting the possibility that Kass ’s ascent to high office might have been aided or even godfathered by friends in key positions who were able to override or circumvent normal procedures .
Dr. Kass ’s full first name is Ilana and her maiden name is Dimant .
She has a 1971 BA in political - science and Russian area studies , summa cum laude , from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a 1976 joint PhD from the Kaplan School of the Hebrew University and Columbia University in international affairs .
She apparently met her husband Norman at Columbia .
Both she and her husband are fluent in Russian and Hebrew .
After completing her PhD , she served in the Israeli Air Force , achieving the rank of major .
For those who are unfamiliar with the military , the rank of major is a senior rank that normally would be awarded to a career officer .
Between 1979 and 1981 , Kass worked at the Russian research Center of Booz Allen and Hamilton .
Between 1985 and 2005 she held the position of Professor of Military Strategy and Operations of the National War College .
In 1992 Dr. Kass obtained a senior position at the Pentagon as Special Assistant to the Director , Strategic Plans and Policy Directorate ( J5 ) .
Dick Cheney was Secretary of Defense at the time .
She returned to the Pentagon under Secretary William Cohen and stayed on during 2000 – 2001 as Senior Policy Adviser and Special Assistant for Strategic Initiatives to the Director , Strategic Plans and Policy Directorate ( J5 ) under Donald Rumsfeld .
In early November 2006 , US Air Force officials formed the Air Force Cyberspace Command that had the " authority to launch wars in cyberspace . "
The command was reported to be " largely the brainchild of Dr. Lani Kass , director of the Air Force Cyberspace Task Force . "
Dr. Kass ’ position and access inevitably raise a number of questions .
Her appointment is somewhat unseemly , which even the Air Force appeared to recognize when it removed her bio from the website .
Surely there must be qualified Americans who would be both delighted and proud to serve their country in the position she holds .
Surely someone in Washington must see the security implications of a former foreign military officer holding a high level post in the Pentagon with full access to classified information .
To challenge Dr. Kass ’s position is not to question her academic credentials and intelligence or even her ability or integrity , but it is not unreasonable to ask why the Pentagon would appoint to a sensitive position someone who was born , raised , and served at a senior level with the armed forces in a foreign country .
And it is also not unreasonable to stop and consider whether Kass might well be an agent working for the Israeli government , which aggressively spies against the United States .
She left Israel and began her journey through the US defense department in 1981 , when Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard was still active .
Israeli intelligence certainly was then and is now capable of what is referred to in intelligence jargon as a seeding operation in which " a mole " is placed in an innocuous position and expected to rise higher , eventually obtaining access to top secret information and even sometimes winding up in a position in which it is possible to direct policy as a so - called agent of influence .
Kass started her ascent by working on Russia for beltway bandit Booz Allen Hamilton , quite likely for completely innocent reasons but also possibly because it was a non-threatening way to ease her entry into the world of government contractors .
In seeking to discover how she wound up where she is now it is fair to ask how exactly she obtained the positions that she has held with the Pentagon and who sponsored her through the bureaucracy .
How did she manage to obtain a clearance in spite of the obvious red flags in her background ?
In light of legitimate security concerns , has she been polygraphed , what questions about her relationship with her former country were asked , and what were her answers ?
Was any deception indicated ?
Has she been re-polygraphed recently ?
This is not intended as harassment or as any accusation against Kass but rather to determine if she has been subject to normal and appropriate security measures .
CIA officers are , for example , required to undergo polygraph exams every five years and the questions concentrate on possible unreported relationships with foreign governments .
Critics note that while Kass is genuinely an expert on Russia , she has little background to qualify her as an authority on the currently fashionable Cyberwarfare , where she has somehow turned herself into a major spokesman through mastery of the necessary buzzwords and talking points .
Nor does she have any genuine expertise on the Middle East or on terrorism to share with Mullen and others , apart from her own Israeli perspective .
Her access to the highest levels of the Air Force also raises the questions of just what is she advising and what does she know ?
Does she support an air war against Iran , for example , and is she actively promoting that option ?
Does she know how the Obama Administration will react if Tel Aviv tries to stage a unilateral attack on Iran ?
Such information would be pure gold for the Israeli government .
There are indications that Dr. Kass is a major player in shaping US security policy .
She has been described as a " key participant " in the development of the national strategy for combating terrorism , as well as the national military strategic plan for the Global War on Terrorism .
In September 2007 , The Times of London reported that she was a leading participant in " Project CHECKMATE , a " highly confidential strategic planning group tasked with ‘ fighting the next war ’ as tensions rise with Iran " that was " quietly established " by the US Air Force in June 2007 as a " successor to the group that planned the 1991 Gulf War ’s air campaign . "
Also per The Times , CHECKMATE " consists of 20 - 30 top air force officers and defense and cyberspace experts with ready access to the White House , the CIA and other intelligence agencies . "
Its director Brigadier - General Lawrence A. Stutzriem and Kass reported directly to General Michael Moseley , at the time chief of staff of the Air Force .
The Times cited Defense sources saying , " detailed contingency planning for a possible attack on Iran has been carried out for more than two years . "
Regarding Iran operations , Kass was quoted as saying " We can defeat Iran , but are Americans willing to pay the price ? "
Dr. Kass is not directly linked to any neoconservative groups but appears to be a kindred spirit , possessing a Manichean world view .
Her comment cited above about defeating Iran has a dismissive tone to it , as if she is not identifying as an American herself .
And she is also reported to have said " Remember what Israelis tell their children when they cry : ‘ Do n’t cry — you want to be a paratrooper do n’t you ? ’ "
Some other public utterances are also revealing , suggesting that if General Schwartz and Admiral Mullen are actually listening to her it is no surprise that some US defense and security policies are largely based on simplistic bumper sticker analysis .
In a speech at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho on July 9 , 2007 , she said radical Muslims hate the western world because Europe took their dominant political position away and they want it back .
To support her claim she produced a map taken from an obscure Jihadi website showing the entire world depicted as the " United States of Islam , " in which everyone will have to follow Sharia Muslim law .
Kass likes to use the map as a prop in many of her public appearances .
In her speech she explained that Muslims hate western culture and want to dominate the world , adding that because radical Islam has a " culture of death " all those who do not submit to Islam must die , an assertion so absurd that one suspects her political analysis derives from the Free Republic website .
She also compared all Americans to sheep and sheepdogs .
The former keep their heads down hoping that someone else will be eaten by wolves a.k.a. terrorists while the latter fight back .
Kass sees herself as a sheepdog .
For her Air Force audience she concluded that the long war against the Islamists will end " when they learn to love their children more than they hate us , " a comment originally attributed to Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir .
Kass ’s powerpoint demonstration " A Warfighting Domain , " dated September 26 , 2006 , is equally scary , and more than a little Strangelovean in its language and appeal .
It includes the map of the United States of Islam and defines the " mission " as " to fly and fight in the Air , Space , and Cyberspace . "
She boasts " as Airmen we are the nation ’s premier multi- dimensional maneuver force , with the agility , reach , speed , stealth , payload , precision , and persistence to deliver global effects at the speed of sound and the speed of light . "
Her objective ?
To " foster a force of 21st century warriors , capable of delivering the full spectrum of kinetic and non-kinetic , lethal and non-lethal effects in the Air , Space , and Cyber domains . "
Dr. Kass the Kremlinologist might have been a dab hand at interpreting the Nomenklatura standing on top of Lenin ’s tomb but her embrace of Cyberwar and her comments relating both to terrorism and the state of the Middle East make one wonder how she has ascended to her lofty perch …and equally why she should remain there .
Legitimate security concerns about her possible conflicted loyalty and her intentions should have blunted her trajectory long ago .
But on the other hand , the global war on terror is so much of a joke that it perhaps needs someone like Dr. Kass to symbolize its absurdity and to launch the US Air Force on a vital new mission replete with lethal warrior - airmen delivering " global effects " at the speed of light .
At an estimated cost of $ 100 billion , one might add .
Captain Kirk ?
Are you ready to beam me up ?
Things are getting kind of strange down here .
The new federal budget commits the Harper government to going ahead with its planned increases in military spending in both the coming year ( fiscal year 2010 - 11 ) and the next , after which , Finance Minister Jim Flaherty says , the size of planned increases in military spending will be reduced for two years .
The military budget is then projected to resume the upward track promised in the Harper government ’s so - called Canada First Defence Strategy .
As Flaherty explains it , “ Budget 2010 reduces growth in National Defence ’s budget by $ 525 million in 2012 –13 and $ 1 billion annually beginning in 2013 – 14 .
Defence spending will continue to grow but more slowly than previously planned . ”
The chart at right illustrates the Finance Minister ’s explanation .
But for the time being at least , the government ’s spending plans are about as clear as mud .
For starters , Flaherty ’s chart excludes incremental spending on Afghanistan and other operations , such as Olympics security .
The actual level of military spending is thus higher than shown in the chart , although that extra amount is likely to decline as the Afghanistan mission winds down ( assuming nothing comparable takes its place ) .
And that ’s not all .
While the chart shows a 2009 - 10 spending level of slightly more than $ 18 billion , the budgetary Main Estimates give a figure of $ 19.2 billion for that fiscal year–still not including the costs of Afghanistan and other operations .
You have to go to the 2009 - 10 Report on Plans and Priorities to find the actual level of 2009 - 10 spending , which , once Afghanistan , other missions , and sundry supplementary top-ups are added , is expected to total more than $ 21 billion .
The military spending figure for the coming fiscal year , according to the Flaherty chart , will be about $ 19 billion , or nearly one billion more than in 2009 - 10 .
Meanwhile , the Main Estimates put the 2010 - 11 figure at $ 21.1 billion , or nearly $ 2 billion more than reported in the 2009 - 10 Main Estimates .
So are we looking at a 5 % increase in military spending this year or a 10 % increase ?
It ’s likely that the 2010 - 11 Main Estimates figure includes most or all of expected incremental operations spending , whereas the 2009 - 10 figure did not , so the increase is probably closer to 5 % , but we do n’t yet know that for sure .
The 2010 - 11 Report on Plans and Priorities will give us the most complete and reliable figure , but that document has n’t been released yet .
It may be out later this month .
In the meantime , count on the usual suspects to call the government ’s promise to reduce the rate of increase in the military budget a couple of years from now a cut in the budget .
The rest of us can wonder how the 2.7 % annual increases promised in the Canada First Defence Strategy turned into something that looks more like a 5 % ( or greater ) increase in this year of supposed restraint .
It is one of those basic single - dude fantasies to go on some epic winter vacation where every day is filled with cliff drops and face shots in knee - deep powder , and every night is a rage - fest till last - call at some nightclub or bar where “ success ” would be measured by scoring with that hot bartender or waitress or local ski bunny .
And then there ’s reality where this sort of thing never happens .
Note : these rules apply to guys trying to hook up with local chicks : waitresses , bartenders , etc. , and may not be applicable if you ’re hunting cougars or gnargoyles .
You are a tourist .
There is strongly assymetrical hatred between locals and tourists ; in many cases it borders on psycophathy but the bottom line is that locals hate tourists , and generally refuse to hook up with them .
You ’re on vacation and you ’re partying beyond your means .
You will get sloppy drunk .
You will lose your jacket that you overpaid for earlier in the day and then accuse the coat check guys of stealing it .
The coat check guys are probably friends with that bartender you ’re trying to hook up with .
You will crash and burn .
You ’ll end up dancing on the bar between two Welsh girls on Holiday .
And when all is said and done , even they will run away , leaving you stranded at the very first opportunity .
For the latest updates , follow @agnarchy on Facebook :
Maybe your friend
Doug tries to talk his way in with a pretty lady in Park City , and she actually pulls a knife on him .
Like a straight up Crocodile Dundee blade .
She was not messing around .
She deals with assholes like you 100 + days per year .
She has heard all of your best lines before , and she was n’t impressed the first time .
She ’s not impressed this time , either .
Nobody wants to be known as “ that one girl who hooks up with tourists ” .
Look at the clown in the back .
He bought an entire bottle of Absinthe at a bar in Mont Tremblant , because he was trying to impress a particular bartender .
I mean , we drank it all and he continued to make a fool out of himself , so it was n’t all bad .
I think he ended up helping her do dishes at the bar until 4 am , before nearly falling asleep in a snowbank on his lonely walk back to our condo .
Do n’t be that guy .
Or do .
Your friends love telling the story over and over again !
Smash that sign up button for our monthly newsletter
Jesus Christ :
Esaias hath said : " The Spirit of the Lord is upon me , because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor ; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted , to preach deliverance to the captives , and recovering of sight to the blind , to set at liberty them that are bruised , to preach the acceptable year of the Lord . [ 1 ] "
This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears ...
Glenn Beck :
I beg you , look for the words “ social justice ” or “ economic justice ” on your church website .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice –they are code words .
Now , am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes — if I am going to Jeremiah Wright ’s church .
Yes !
Leave your church !
[ 1 ] A commenter on Andrew Sullivan 's website points out that the " acceptable year of the Lord is the " Year of Jubilee " : the cancellation of all mortgages and of all labor indentures .
It 's the maximum social justice thing .
How Your Favorite Social Sites Looked In Past
The past of social media is a sad and depressing place like that of a closed down psychiatric ward .
Bland colors and terrible bold neon looking letters .
For giggles were going to show you some of these wonderful , spectacular and amazing websites back in time and how they have shaped up since .
To start it off you can see how great Digg was looking back when they started off in good ol ’ 2k5 !
Since then Digg has clearly spiced it up a bit and brough in spiffy buttons and nice shiny ads .
Reddit has n’t really changed much .
Guess for them the more simple the better which seems to be working very well for them so far .
Blogger seems to be starting off pretty boring til Google got ahold of it and did work with the nice buttons and slick gradients .
Twitter starting off looking the best of all in my humble opinion with the text overlapping divs , nice sun yellow gradients coming off the text and the wonderful eye burning blue links .
Now looking fresher than ever twitter has a good looking logo and promoted tweets !
Never thought I ’d see the day people would be shelling out big bucks for such short status updates .
Facebook or [ thefacebook ] started off very easy to understand and simple .
Minus the enormous list of new facebookees I ’d say it looked pretty descent .
Today if you sign on Facebook you ’re getting 100 + new group invitations , 5 new friend requests , grandma tagged naked baby bathtub pics and your girlfriend listed you as in an open relationship .
Getting completely overloaded Facebook should maybe revert and drop back to the good days .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney won with the support of 24 percent of more than 1,800 Republican activists .
Romney wins SRLC straw poll
NEW ORLEANS — Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney won the Southern Republican Leadership Conference ’s quadrennial straw poll by a narrow margin Saturday while Sarah Palin finished a disappointing third .
Romney won with the support of 24 percent of more than 1,800 Republican activists gathered here for a low - key vote that offered an early glimpse of which Republicans are willing to be seen with a toe in the 2012 waters .
Texas Rep. Ron Paul , who still commands a strong if narrow following , finished second in the balloting by a single vote , while Palin and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich each took 18 percent .
Advertisement
Palin has little organizational infrastructure and did apparently nothing to win the contest while Romney enthusiasts were out in force .
Still , that Romney would win the poll at an event he did n't show up for while Palin would come in tied for third place a day after she packed a room full of adoring fans suggests the sort of hyper - engaged activists who show up at such gatherings are practical - minded in their preferences for the next presidential campaign .
More than anything , though , the contest seemed to affirm the Republican Party ’s all - consuming focus on the coming midterm elections and the declining relevance of presidential straw polls .
The SRLC offered politicians the option of striking their names from the ballot , and three popular figures , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , all removed their names .
Others did not : Romney and Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty , both moving aggressively to build national campaigns , appeared on the ballot , as did Palin and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee .
Rep. Mike Pence ( R- Ind. ) also let his name be listed and floated , along with Gingrich , former Pennsylvania Sen .
Rick Santorum , former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson , and Paul .
Supporters of Paul and Romney were the only ones visibly organizing for the gathering .
Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty bought several hundred tickets for supporters , while a well - funded group called Evangelicals for Mitt – which says it operates independently of Romney ’s official campaign – offered some 200 tickets for free to Republicans who would commit in writing to voting for Romney in the straw poll .
The results will provide a modest boost to Romney , a minor reality check to Palin and affirm , yet again , the intensity of Paul ’s base of support .
But that the SRLC straw poll was not contested by any official campaign organization signals another step in the deterioration of these informal , but once hard - fought , contests .
At the same gathering in Memphis four years ago , presidential hopefuls went to great lengths .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , the eventual winner , bused in and fed supporters from his Nashville hometown .
McCain , aware that the conservative crowd would n’t tilt in his favor , tried to pre-empt defeat with a campaign to write in President Bush in a symbolic show of support .
Romney that year raised eyebrows for the attention and money he devoted to competing in Memphis and at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
He did the same in Iowa at its vaunted state GOP straw poll the following year .
It all appeared to mean little when Huckabee effectively ended Romney ’s campaign by winning the Iowa caucuses .
The early 2012 positioning has seen far less effort devoted to these traditional shows of strength .
This year ’s straw poll was diminished by an intense focus on the coming midterm elections , seen by many Republicans as a vital chance to slow down President Obama ’s agenda .
Politicians are responding to the manifest urgency with which activists are approaching the 2012 election .
But the SRLC straw poll was also victim of the changing times :
In an earlier political era , straw polls of activists were one of just a few ways of taking the temperature of party loyalists in the nascent stages of an election .
Now , they compete with polls , online chatter , and above all an informal but intense battle for the attention of the Fox News Channel as central metrics of popularity and relevance inside the Republican Party .
This year , the Conservative Political Action Conference ’s straw poll – carried handily by Paul – was widely viewed as something of an embarrassment .
When Paul ’s victory was announced , the crowd booed .
The SRLC results were met with a collective shrug .
Transcript :
Hobbes : Look !
A new snow goon !
Calvin :
That 's not the one I made !
The original snow goon must be making his own snow goons !
Hobbes : Oh no !
Calvin : I 'll bet he 's making an army !
In a few days , he could build a hundred snow goons !
If each of them built another hundred , and then those all built a hundred more , why ... ... That would be pretty cool , if they were n't out to kill me .
Hobbes : I vote we make tracks for Florida .
IT is perhaps inevitable that we are still catching up with Rainer Werner Fassbinder , who worked practically at the speed of thought and who died of a drug overdose in 1982 at 37 , leaving behind more than 40 films .
“ World on a Wire , ” an obscure two - part television movie he made in 1973 , is a textbook example of a film that was ahead of its time .
Head - trip cinema about virtual - reality immersions , it ’s an analog - age “ Avatar , ” a movie that anticipates “ Blade Runner ” in its meditation on artificial and human intelligence and “ The Matrix ” in its conception of reality as a computer - generated illusion .
Since its broadcast on German television in October 1973 , “ World on a Wire ” has gone largely unseen .
Digitally restored by the Fassbinder Foundation under the supervision of its original cinematographer , Michael Ballhaus , a spiffed - up version of the three - and - a - half - hour film had its premiere in February at the Berlin Film Festival .
Before that  according to Juliane Lorenz , Fassbinder ’s longtime editor and the president of the Fassbinder Foundation  it had been shown on the big screen only a handful of times , at retrospectives in the ’90s .
The film is set to receive its first ever theatrical run at the Museum of Modern Art in New York from April 14 through 19 .
Adapted from “ Simulacron - 3 , ” a 1964 novel by Daniel F. Galouye , “ World on a Wire ” revolves around a cybernetics corporation that has created a miniature world populated with “ identity units ” unaware that they are being controlled from above .
Toggling between dimensions , a researcher ( Klaus Lowitsch ) learns that what he has always known as the real world may itself be a simulation .
This is the brand of existential horror that Philip K. Dick perfected ( notably in “ Time Out of Joint ” ) but that took off cinematically only in the late ’90s , in a subgenre that the writer Joshua Clover , in his book on “ The Matrix , ” terms “ edge of the construct . ”
( Among the other movies in this cluster are “ The Truman Show ” and “ The Thirteenth Floor , ” another adaptation of “ Simulacron - 3 , ” for which Mr. Ballhaus was an executive producer . )
“ We knew almost nothing about computers , ” said Fritz Muller - Scherz , who wrote “ World on a Wire ” with Fassbinder .
“ But Rainer and I were fascinated by the question , If there are other artificial worlds , how can a real world even exist ? ”
This article How to Write Unmaintainable Code covers some of the most brilliant techniques known to man .
Some of my favorite ones are :
New Uses For Names For Baby
Buy a copy of a baby naming book and you 'll never be at a loss for variable names .
Fred is a wonderful name , and easy to type .
If you 're looking for easy - to - type variable names , try adsf or aoeu if you type with a DSK keyboard .
Creative Miss - spelling
If you must use descriptive variable and function names , misspell them .
By misspelling in some function and variable names , and spelling it correctly in others ( such as SetPintleOpening SetPintalClosing ) we effectively negate the use of grep or IDE search techniques .
It works amazingly well .
Add an international flavor by spelling tory or tori in different theatres / theaters .
Be Abstract
In naming functions and variables , make heavy use of abstract words like it , everything , data , handle , stuff , do , routine , perform and the digits e.g. routineX48 , PerformDataFunction , DoIt , HandleStuff and do_args_method .
CapiTaliSaTion
Randomly capitalize the first letter of a syllable in the middle of a word .
For example ComputeRasterHistoGram ( ) .
Lower Case l Looks a Lot Like the Digit 1
Use lower case l to indicate long constants .
e.g. 10l is more likely to be mistaken for 101 that 10L is .
Ban any fonts that clearly disambiguate uvw wW gq9 2z 5s il17 | !j oO08 ` ' " ; , . m nn rn { [ ( ) ] }.
Be creative .
Recycle Your Variables
Wherever scope rules permit , reuse existing unrelated variable names .
Similarly , use the same temporary variable for two unrelated purposes ( purporting to save stack slots ) .
For a fiendish variant , morph the variable , for example , assign a value to a variable at the top of a very long method , and then somewhere in the middle , change the meaning of the variable in a subtle way , such as converting it from a 0 - based coordinate to a 1 - based coordinate .
Be certain not to document this change in meaning .
Cd wrttn wtht vwls s mch trsr
When using abbreviations inside variable or method names , break the boredom with several variants for the same word , and even spell it out longhand once in while .
This helps defeat those lazy bums who use text search to understand only some aspect of your program .
Consider variant spellings as a variant on the ploy , e.g. mixing International colour , with American color and dude - speak kulerz .
If you spell out names in full , there is only one possible way to spell each name .
These are too easy for the maintenance programmer to remember .
Because there are so many different ways to abbreviate a word , with abbreviations , you can have several different variables that all have the same apparent purpose .
As an added bonus , the maintenance programmer might not even notice they are separate variables .
Obscure film references
Use constant names like Lancelots FavouriteColour instead of blue and assign it hex value of $ 0204FB .
The color looks identical to pure blue on the screen , and a maintenance programmer would have to work out 0204FB ( or use some graphic tool ) to know what it looks like .
Only someone intimately familiar with Monty Python and the Holy Grail would know that Lancelot 's favorite color was blue .
If a maintenance programmer can't quote entire Monty Python movies from memory , he or she has no business being a programmer .
Document the obvious
Pepper the code with comments like /* add 1 to i */ however , never document wooly stuff like the overall purpose of the package or method .
Document How Not Why
Document only the details of what a program does , not what it is attempting to accomplish .
That way , if there is a bug , the fixer will have no clue what the code should be doing .
Side Effects
In C , functions are supposed to be idempotent , ( without side effects ) .
I hope that hint is sufficient .
Use Octal
Smuggle octal literals into a list of decimal numbers like this :
array = new int [ ]
{ 111 , 120 , 013 , 121 , } ;
Extended ASCII
Extended ASCII characters are perfectly valid as variable names , including ß , Ð , and ñ characters .
They are almost impossible to type without copying / pasting in a simple text editor .
Names From Other Languages
Use foreign language dictionaries as a source for variable names .
For example , use the German punkt for point .
Maintenance coders , without your firm grasp of German , will enjoy the multicultural experience of deciphering the meaning .
Names From Mathematics
Choose variable names that masquerade as mathematical operators , e.g. :
openParen = ( slash + asterix ) / equals ;
Code That Masquerades As Comments and Vice Versa
Include sections of code that is commented out but at first glance does not appear to be .
for ( j=0 ; j< array_len ; j+ =8 ) { total += array [ j+0 ] ; total += array [ j+1 ] ; total += array [ j+2 ] ; /* Main body of total += array [ j+3 ] ; * loop is unrolled total += array [ j +4 ] ; * for greater speed .
total += array [ j+5 ] ; */ total += array [ j+6 ] ; total += array [ j+7 ] ; }
Without the colour coding would you notice that three lines of code are commented out ?
Arbitrary Names That Masquerade as Keywords
When documenting , and you need an arbitrary name to represent a filename use " file " .
Never use an obviously arbitrary name like " Charlie.dat " or " Frodo.txt " .
In general , in your examples , use arbitrary names that sound as much like reserved keywords as possible .
For example , good names for parameters or variables would be " bank " , " blank " , " class " , " const " , " constant " , " input " , " key " , " keyword " , " kind " , " output " , " parameter " " parm " , " system " , " type " , " value " , " var " and " variable " .
If you use actual reserved words for your arbitrary names , which would be rejected by your command processor or compiler , so much the better .
If you do this well , the users will be hopelessly confused between reserved keywords and arbitrary names in your example , but you can look innocent , claiming you did it to help them associate the appropriate purpose with each variable .
Code Names Must Not Match Screen Names
Choose your variable names to have absolutely no relation to the labels used when such variables are displayed on the screen .
E.g. on the screen label the field " Postal Code " but in the code call the associated variable " zip " .
Choosing The Best Overload Operator
In C++ , overload +,-, * , / to do things totally unrelated to addition , subtraction etc .
After all , if the Stroustroup can use the shift operator to do I/O , why should you not be equally creative ?
If you overload + , make sure you do it in a way that i = i + 5 ; has a totally different meaning from i +=
5 ; Here is an example of elevating overloading operator obfuscation to a high art .
Overload the '!' operator for a class , but have the overload have nothing to do with inverting or negating .
Make it return an integer .
Then , in order to get a logical value for it , you must use '! !'.
However , this inverts the logic , so [ drum roll ] you must use '! ! !'.
Do n't confuse the !
operator , which returns a boolean 0 or 1 , with the ~ bitwise logical negation operator .
Exceptions
I am going to let you in on a little - known coding secret .
Exceptions are a pain in the behind .
Properly - written code never fails , so exceptions are actually unnecessary .
Do n't waste time on them .
Subclassing exceptions is for incompetents who know their code will fail .
You can greatly simplify your program by having only a single try / catch in the entire application ( in main ) that calls System.exit ( ) .
Just stick a perfectly standard set of throws on every method header whether they could actually throw any exceptions or not .
Magic Matrix Locations
Use special values in certain matrix locations as flags .
A good choice is the [ 3 ] [ 0 ] element in a transformation matrix used with a homogeneous coordinate system .
Magic Array Slots revisited
If you need several variables of a given type , just define an array of them , then access them by number .
Pick a numbering convention that only you know and do n't document it .
And do n't bother to define # define constants for the indexes .
Everybody should just know that the global variable widget [ 15 ] is the cancel button .
This is just an up - to - date variant on using absolute numerical addresses in assembler code .
Never Beautify
Never use an automated source code tidier ( beautifier ) to keep your code aligned .
Lobby to have them banned them from your company on the grounds they create false deltas in PVCS / CVS ( version control tracking ) or that every programmer should have his own indenting style held forever sacrosanct for any module he wrote .
Insist that other programmers observe those idiosyncratic conventions in " his " modules .
Banning beautifiers is quite easy , even though they save the millions of keystrokes doing manual alignment and days wasted misinterpreting poorly aligned code .
Just insist that everyone use the same tidied format , not just for storing in the common repository , but also while they are editing .
This starts an RWAR and the boss , to keep the peace , will ban automated tidying .
Without automated tidying , you are now free to accidentally misalign the code to give the optical illusion that bodies of loops and ifs are longer or shorter than they really are , or that else clauses match a different if than they really do .
e.g .
if ( a ) if ( b ) x=y ; else x=z ;
Testing is for cowards
A brave coder will bypass that step .
Too many programmers are afraid of their boss , afraid of losing their job , afraid of customer hate mail and afraid of being sued .
This fear paralyzes action , and reduces productivity .
Studies have shown that eliminating the test phase means that managers can set ship dates well in advance , an obvious aid in the planning process .
With fear gone , innovation and experimentation can blossom .
The role of the programmer is to produce code , and debugging can be done by a cooperative effort on the part of the help desk and the legacy maintenance group .
If we have full confidence in our coding ability , then testing will be unnecessary .
If we look at this logically , then any fool can recognise that testing does not even attempt to solve a technical problem , rather , this is a problem of emotional confidence .
A more efficient solution to this lack of confidence issue is to eliminate testing completely and send our programmers to self - esteem courses .
After all , if we choose to do testing , then we have to test every program change , but we only need to send the programmers to one course on building self - esteem .
The cost benefit is as amazing as it is obvious .
Reverse the Usual True False Convention
Reverse the usual definitions of true and false .
Sounds very obvious but it works great .
You can hide :
# define TRUE 0 #define FALSE 1
somewhere deep in the code so that it is dredged up from the bowels of the program from some file that noone ever looks at anymore .
Then force the program to do comparisons like :
if ( var == TRUE ) if ( var != FALSE )
someone is bound to " correct " the apparent redundancy , and use var elsewhere in the usual way :
if ( var )
Another technique is to make TRUE and FALSE have the same value , though most would consider that out and out cheating .
Using values 1 and 2 or - 1 and 0 is a more subtle way to trip people up and still look respectable .
You can use this same technique in Java by defining a static constant called TRUE .
Programmers might be more suspicious you are up to no good since there is a built - in literal true in Java .
Exploit Schizophrenia
Java is schizophrenic about array declarations .
You can do them the old C , way String x [ ] , ( which uses mixed pre-postfix notation ) or the new way String [ ] x , which uses pure prefix notation .
If you want to really confuse people , mix the notationse.g .
byte [ ] rowvector , colvector , matrix [ ] ;
which is equivalent to :
Regular aerobic exercise improves blood flow to the brain and speeds learning process , says a new study .
The study led by researchers from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine is the first to examine these relationships in a non-human primate model .
The finding is available in the journal Neuroscience .
While there is ample evidence of the beneficial effects of exercise on cognition in other animal models , such as the rat , it has been unclear whether the same holds true for people , said senior author Judy L. Cameron , Ph.D. , a psychiatry professor at Pitt School of Medicine and a senior scientist at the Oregon National Primate Research Center at Oregon Health and Science University .
Testing the hypothesis in monkeys can provide information that is more comparable to human physiology .
" We found that monkeys who exercised regularly at an intensity that would improve fitness in middle - aged people learned to do tests of cognitive function faster and had greater blood volume in the brain 's motor cortex than their sedentary counterparts , " Dr Cameron said .
" This suggests people who exercise are getting similar benefits . "
To reach the conclusion , researchers trained adult female cynomolgus monkeys to run on a human - sized treadmill at 80 percent of their individual maximal aerobic capacity for one hour each day , five days per week , for five months .
Another group of monkeys remained sedentary , meaning they sat on the immobile treadmill , for a comparable time .
Half of the runners went through a three - month sedentary period after the exercise period .
In all groups , half of the monkeys were middle aged ( 10 to 12 years old ) and the others were more mature ( 15 to 17 years old ) .
Initially , the middle - aged monkeys were in better shape than their older counterparts , but with exercise , all the runners became more fit .
During the fifth week of exercise training , standardized cognitive testing was initiated and then performed five days per week until week 24 .
In a preliminary task , the monkeys learned that by lifting a cover off a small well in the testing tray , they could have the food reward that lay within it .
In a spatial delay task , a researcher placed a food reward in one of two wells and covered both wells in full view of the monkey .
A screen was lowered to block the animal 's view for a second , and then raised again .
If the monkey displaced the correct cover , she got the treat .
After reliably succeeding at this task , monkeys that correctly moved the designated one of two different objects placed over side - by - side wells got the food reward that lay within it .
" Monkeys that exercised learned to remove the well covers twice as quickly as control animals , " Dr. Cameron said .
" Also , they were more engaged in the tasks and made more attempts to get the rewards , but they also made more mistakes . "
She noted that later in the testing period , learning rate and performance was similar among the groups , which could mean that practice at the task will eventually overshadow the impact of exercise on cognitive function .
When the researchers examined tissue samples from the brain 's motor cortex , they found that mature monkeys that ran had greater vascular volume than middle - aged runners or sedentary animals .
But those blood flow changes reversed in monkeys that were sedentary after exercising for five months .
" These findings indicate that aerobic exercise at the recommended levels can have meaningful , beneficial effects on the brain , " Dr. Cameron said .
" It supports the notion that working out is good for people in many , many ways . "
So the Conservatives propose to give £ 2.88 a week to married couples on low and middle incomes , but only if one of them does n't work .
It does n't matter whether or not Mr and Mrs have children – they 'll get the tax break anyway .
The critical factors for the Tories are that : 1 ) said couple are lawfully wed and 2 ) one of them opts to stay at home .
And , not withstanding the ever - mushrooming number of househusbands , the spouse staying at home with the Fairy Liquid will still , in the overwhelming majority of cases , be the bride not the groom .
You do n't even get to join the queue for the Tory tax break if both you and your spouse go out to work , or if you are merely long - term cohabitees – however many children you may have .
And if you are a single parent you are , inevitably , persona non grata .
Because despite the Conservatives ' scramble to portray themselves as family - friendly , this is not actually a tax break designed to help families with children , but one aimed instead simply at shoring up the institution of marriage .
The self - styled modern , progressive Conservative party is firmly wedded to practising social engineering through the tax system .
Fortunately , however , even if we have the misfortune to elect a Conservative government , this policy will have very little impact on the lives of middle income families .
( Do n't be lulled into thinking that other Tory policies fall into the same category though – you 'd certainly notice their cuts to Sure Start children 's centres , to child tax credits , to child trust funds and to the schools budget . )
But , in the real world , no one will decide to get or stay married for the sake of £ 150 a year .
A working woman wo n't suddenly ask for her P45 when she ties the knot in return for a state dowry of £ 2.88 a week : it 's not as if you can adopt the lifestyle of a lady who lunches when your entire weekly tax break wo n't even stretch to a Boots meal deal .
I am not suggesting that £ 150 is a sum to be sniffed at , because it is n't – indeed , if it was given as a lump sum ( which it is n't ) , it would certainly cover a week 's shopping at Tesco for a typical family of four .
But it 's hardly enough to shape behaviour or make any kind of difference .
The Conservatives know this , of course .
Which is why they say that their marriage tax break proposal aims merely to ' send a signal ' .
That is certainly true .
But , make no mistake , the signal is not that Tories in 21st century Britain value hard - working families of varying shapes and sizes .
Rather , it is that a marriage where the wife is wed firmly to the kitchen sink is the most highly prized .
There is no shortage of adjectives to describe this policy , but modern and progressive are not among them .
ON the surface , it sounds like a nearly impossible task : assembling a rare brass - era car from scratch , using century - old parts that were tracked down one by one from all the dusty , rust - ridden corners of the collecting world .
And oh , by the way , when finished the car needed to run well enough for a drive across the United States .
That was the job Richard Anderson set out for himself in 2003 .
A longtime collector of cars from the early 20th century , Mr. Anderson had been intrigued for years by the story of Alice Ramsey , whose 1909 trek from New York to San Francisco in a Maxwell DA made her the first woman to drive a car from coast to coast .
It was a defining achievement in the early days of the automobile and for the nascent women ’s movement in America .
It was also a bit of history mostly forgotten .
Mr. Anderson and his daughter , Emily , wanted to change that .
They decided to honor the 100th anniversary of Ramsey ’s pioneering drive — still more than five years away at the time — by crossing the country in a 1909 Maxwell of their own .
Unfortunately , only one 1909 Maxwell DA was known to exist .
And it was n’t for sale .
04/08/2010
By Jon Hood
ConsumerAffairs.com
April 8 , 2010
A lawsuit filed last week accuses Johnson & Johnson of conspiring with pharmaceutical consultant Omnicare in an effort to push J&J drugs on nursing home residents , and violating federal Medicaid laws in the process .
As a result of the scheme , " residents were overcharged for their medications , had additional medications administered and were unlawfully switched to Johnson & Johnson drugs , " all in the name of increasing revenue , according to the lawsuit .
The suit , filed in federal court in California , says Omnicare -- which " occupies a ' dual ' role of a dispensing pharmacy and consulting pharmacy " -- gave certain J&J drugs " elevated status as the default drug of choice " for thousands of nursing home patients .
J&J allegedly gave Omnicare " performance rebates " -- essentially kickbacks -- in return for its services .
This arrangement was memorialized in a 1997 " Supply Agreement " between the two companies , the suit states .
The agreement provided that the two companies would " meet quarterly to review their joint ' business plan ' and ' performance goals , ' " and came up with a novel way to deal with the performance - rebates : they would be treated as year - end bonuses .
The drugs allegedly targeted for promotion under the agreement included Floxin , Levaquin , Risperdal , Ultram , Duragesic , Procrit , and Aciphex .
The suit contends that under the agreement , J&J paid to have its drugs labeled as " preferred " -- a status that Omnicare purportedly confers on drugs that receive high marks " for their clinical effectiveness in the geriatric community . "
In an effort to distribute as many J&J drugs as possible , Omnicare allegedly encouraged nursing home physicians to use a so - called " Active Intervention Program " to push J&J drugs on seniors .
The program " was designed to ' shift market share ' to Johnson & Johnson from other pharmaceutical manufacturers . "
For patients on antipsychotic drugs , Omnicare 's pharmacists were even given hypothetical " scripted communications [ to have ] with the prescribing physicians under various scenarios , " intended to convince the physicians that switching to Risperdal -- a J&J - manufactured antipsychotic -- was in the patient 's best interest .
According to the suit , the companies also came up with a way to get around Medicaid 's " best price law , " a federal statute intended to ensure that Medicaid pays as little as possible for prescription drugs .
Under the law , once the discounts and rebates exceeded a certain level , the companies would have been required to pass them along to Medicaid .
Once that threshold was breached , " the Supply Agreement required a retroactive price adjustment " to avoid losing the kickback .
The suit also alleges that J&J and Omnicare developed several other complex schemes designed to avoid breaching the best price threshold .
The suit defines two potential classes , one national and one consisting only of California residents .
In either event , the class would consist of nursing home residents who received drugs or services from Omnicare , and who paid for and received one or more of an enumerated list of drugs .
The class period stretches from April 1 , 1997 to the present .
If an eligible class member has passed away , his or her estate would be eligible for inclusion in the class .
Green Day ’s lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong might have suffered a “ brain fart ” during his Friday appearance on HBO ’s Real Time with Bill Maher , but this is one punk rocker who still knows how to cut to the chase in one concise breath .
“ Religion is a bunch of bullshit , ” he told Maher , after essentially stammering for a moment .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ That ’s what I want to hear ! ” the famously atheist host said , slamming his palms on the table and laughing .
Armstrong , who ’s been on the media circuit lately to promote Green Day ’s upcoming tour and the “ American Idiot ” Broadway show debut , appeared somewhat befuddled by Maher ’s prompting to talk about religion .
“ One of your favorite subjects , ” Armstrong wryly said .
“ How would you characterize your feelings on the subject in a setting like this ? ”
Maher retorted .
The Green Day singer mentioned one of his songs , then said , “ I have a kind of a fetish for the Bible a little bit .
You know , songs like ‘ Jesus of Suburbia ’ and ‘ St. Jimmy ’ …
And , uh , it ’s kinda … Uh , it ’s like one of those things , it ’s the , to question everything and , uh … Oh , God , brain fart again , uh … Um , but like , you know , I mean , if you have to question religion , you know , it ’s like … ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Maher cut him off , questioning Armstrong ’s religious beliefs as a child .
“ I was raised with a fear of God , ” he said .
“ I think that ’s something that ’s ingrained in us .
It ’s beaten into us as a society , that we fear God .
And I think we , you know , so , you ’re , you ’re accepting of the story .
You ’re accepting of the talking snake and the burning bush and , you know , and you ’re , you know , so , you know , it ’s , like , which are just stories , you know ?
And it ’s supposed to , basically be about , I think it was about law and order and trying to keep people subservient . ”
“ Still is , ” Maher said .
Armstrong went on to say that evangelists “ are basically rockstars now , ” saying that many of the themes in his own music are “ basically calling out that religion is a bunch of bullshit . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ That ’s what I want to hear ! ” the host cheered .
Green Day ’s Broadway show “ American Idiot ” opens on April 20 , and Tom Hanks ’ production company is rumored to be in talks with the band about an “ American Idiot ” movie .
ADVERTISEMENT
Green Day is also kicking off an American tour this summer and is set to headline the Lollapolooza music festival from August 6 - 8 in Chicago .
The band is also getting a full video game makeover by Rock Band developer Harmonix .
The game , set to release in just under two months , will feature 47 of the Green Day ’s most popular songs .
This video is from HBO ’s Real Time with Bill Maher , first aired Friday , April 9 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
rt4092010 from Rudy on Vimeo .
This video was created by the Associated Press , published March 24 , 2010 .
When I worked as a reporter for Foreign Correspondent , I shot some stories in Africa with the ABC 's London - based cameraman , a bloke who had spent much of his career working for television news .
He was shortish , and squarish , and as solid as the proverbial brick convenience .
And he loved nothing better than diving into a media scrum .
During a frustrating two weeks in Libya , the only opportunity we got to shoot some pictures of Muammar Gaddafi came unexpectedly , as we were making our way through a maze of tunnels to the playing area of a vast soccer stadium , where the great man was due to give one of his interminable orations .
Suddenly , Gaddafi himself came around the corner , surrounded by security men and half a dozen Libyan camera crews .
Our man shouldered his camera , and stood like a rock in the passageway .
The mob parted around him like a river , leaving him looking up the Brother Leader 's nostrils .
Then , as the other crews jostled and the security men barked , he walked imperturbably backwards in front of Gaddafi .
When we timed it later , the shot lasted an astonishing two minutes , almost every frame of it useable .
News cameramen are a special breed .
They need to be immune to embarrassment or shame .
Are they blocking the view of people who 've queued for hours for a glimpse of a celebrity ?
Tough .
They 've got a job to do .
Are the subjects of their attention unwilling , sheltering their faces behind coats or umbrellas ?
Tough .
Sooner or later they 'll emerge , and the camera will be running .
The job is to get the shot .
Reporters , too , not infrequently find themselves involved in media scrums .
Few of them enjoy it .
Most would far prefer to have a story to themselves .
But when the news editor calls , and the subject of that day 's story is holed up in a house , or emerging from a court , or due to arrive on the next flight , their job is to be there : in case the subject talks , in case he or she takes questions , in case - unthinkably - others get a story and your newspaper or TV news bulletin misses out .
It 's a competitive , hard - nosed trade ( one hesitates , in this instance , to call it a profession ) that leaves little room for squeamishness .
Reporters or cameramen who return to the newsroom without the shot or the quote , saying " she really did n't want to be photographed " , " he said he wanted to be left alone " , " they asked us not to film " , will soon find themselves sidelined when the next big , competitive story hits .
Yet what the hapless subjects on the other side of the camera lens experience , especially if they find themselves at the centre of a story through no fault of their own , can be shattering , upsetting , and often infuriating .
That they react , at times , aggressively , may be unwise , but should hardly come as a surprise .
Nine cameraman Simon Fuller has lost his job because he called the father of a young man accused of taking part in a riot - a father who himself has been a blameless citizen of Australia for twenty years - a ' f *** ing terrorist ' .
That , of course , was inexcusable .
But , as the footage that we ran on Media Watch last week showed , it was the culmination of an increasingly heated confrontation that had lasted for minutes , as Fuller doggedly persisted in trying to get a clean shot of the father and son , and Gad Amr pleaded with him to stop .
Again and again , Mr Amr said " Please go away ! "
Again and again , Fuller responded , " I 'm just doing my job " .
It 's a culture clash with no easy resolution .
Some weeks ago , Media Watch featured a similar confrontation that took place in Israel .
Nicole McCabe is one of the Australians whose passport details were appropriated and used by a member of the group who assassinated Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai .
Ms McCabe and her Israeli husband had given an interview late on the night the story broke to News Ltd journalist David Murray .
But then she refused to let him take a photograph .
To Ms McCabe , whose name , and date of birth , and passport number were now public property , all she had left of her identity was what she looked like .
She did n't want her face plastered all over the world 's media .
She explained that to Murray and his photographer .
Her decision seems reasonable enough to me .
But The Australian 's columnist Mark Day , writing in defence of his profession , took a different view .
The media had a picture of the impostor who had used McCabe 's passport details .
" Is it not reasonable to display to the public the doctored picture alongside the person 's real picture ?
Of course it is .
That 's the nub of the news . "
What Ms McCabe thought about it was , apparently , beside the point .
By becoming a story , through no fault of her own , she 'd surrendered the right to choose .
The next morning , she and her husband were pursued by a media pack intent on getting a quote and a picture .
In the forefront was the photographer who had been refused the night before .
Ms McCabe was six months pregnant .
Her husband was infuriated .
He reacted aggressively .
He pushed , and he threatened , and , one reporter claimed , drove his car straight at her .
The reporters - who included the ABC's Anne Barker , and The Australian 's John Lyons , both fine and experienced journalists - were outraged .
Media
Watch was told , in effect , " we were just doing our job " .
And Mark Day opined :
" This unpleasantness could have been avoided if McCabe continued on the path she began .
She told her story and could have consented to a photograph which was , in my view , a thoroughly legitimate request ...
The media is a hungry beast .
That 's why , when you find yourself in its voracious path , it 's often best to feed it . ' "
Sage advice , no doubt .
But innocent ' victims ' of the news cycle should have a right to say ' no ' .
Though the public may consume the ' news ' that emerges from these encounters , it wo n't often miss what it does n't get .
The shot or the quote that emerges from the fracas - " I 've nothing to say ! " - " please leave me alone ! " - is hardly of earth - shattering significance .
The photograph that News Ltd finally ran of Ms McCabe , looking distressed as she peered backward from her doorway , was unflattering and inappropriate .
And on the rare occasions that the public sees the ugly reality of a media pack in full cry , as Simon Fuller has discovered , it sides overwhelmingly with the quarry , and against the hounds .
But I 'm not holding my breath , waiting for anything to change .
NOTE : Since writing this , Media Watch has received an eloquent email from a veteran cameraman who has worked for a commercial television news service for 25 years .
He was reacting to views that I expressed to Crikey on Tuesday , and that I 've elaborated above .
He disagrees with my view that there is anything different about the moral compass , or the ' shamelessness ' , of TV news cameramen .
As a corrective , let me quote this paragraph from the email :
" I have never been schooled to muscle into a fight in order to get the best footage .
I have never been trained not to take no for an answer .
Neither am I shameless .
In fact , I regard myself as perfectly normal too .
My moral compass is completely sound and my ethics and integrity remain intact .
And I say this on behalf of many of my peers as well .
Of course there are cameramen whose conduct and ethics are wrong and I have witnessed behaviour that could be described as shonky at best , disgraceful at worst .
But there are many cameramen ( and journalists as well ) who have stood up to chiefs of staff or news directors and refused to put themselves in situations where ethics are compromised or people are misrepresented .
... Certainly not me .
Had I been in Simon Fuller 's shoes at the courthouse that day , I would have got my 20 - second shot of the accused from a reasonable distance and then walked away .
And so would many of the guys I work with .
I do n't want conflict .
I do n't want to provoke anyone .
I certainly do n't enjoy anyone pushing the camera back at me , nor do I want to put myself , my sound assistant and my journalist at risk for the sake of a shot . "
I should make it clear that I do n't think most cameramen would have behaved as Simon Fuller did .
But I do maintain that you need a fairly thick skin to do the job effectively .
And I do think that journalists in general , just ' doing their job ' , frequently behave in ways that the public would find unacceptable .
Jonathan Holmes is the presenter of ABC TV's Media Watch .
While the details of what actually happened will likely become a ‘ he said / she said ’ wrangle , the very fact that the California attorney general ’s office demanded recently that the board of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles go back to school and receive basic governance training is notable .
While the wreckage has been salvaged by the generosity of Founding Chairman , Eli Broad , the charges — and the assigned training highlight again the all too familiar theme of spending down the endowment and misappropriating restricted funds .
This incident ( and too many others we read about ) begs the question of whether we have traded what we need from our boards for what we want from our boards .
And what we need most now is good judgment .
Judgment that ’s offered on behalf of the community , that at best challenges and at a minimum contextualizes the major decisions of the enterprise .
The kind of judgment that executive and artistic leaders could benefit from , whether at MOCA , the Harlem School for the Arts , or an endless string of other organizations where the board apparently cared too much , and demanded too little , while letting their passion and acquiescence override their objectivity and fiduciary obligation to the public .
While it may be fiscally expedient , selling gala tables , hitting up friends for money , and shilling for our artistry and programs are poor surrogates for what we really need : a true partnership with our boards where they challenge us to innovate and adapt while asking us the hard and helpful questions that assure prudence and accountability .
So , instead of compromising such a role by asking them to ‘ give , get , or get off ’ , what if we compensated them ?
An annual honorarium for service that says come to the table prepared with your best questions and keenest insights .
While annual budgets may shrink a bit , such honest appraisals and straightforward engagement could contribute significantly to our sustainability , and the credibility of our field .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tagged : board effectiveness , BoardSource , John McCann , non profit governance
A new study from the Swedish medical university Karolinska Institutet provides evidence that basic human learning systems use areas of the brain that also exist in the most primitive vertebrates , such as certain fish , reptiles and amphibians .
The study involved an investigation into the limbic striatum , one of the evolutionarily oldest parts of the brain , and the ability to learn movements , consciously and unconsciously , through repetition .
" Our results strongly substantiate the theories that say that the implicit , by which I mean non-conscious , learning systems of the brain are simpler and evolutionarily older , " says Associate Professor Fredrik Ullén from Karolinska Institutet and the Stockholm Brain Institute .
Many of the mundane skills that we apply every day , such as buttoning up a shirt or playing an instrument , comprise a sequence of discrete movements that must be carried out in the correct order .
Scientists have long known that there are two learning systems for such patterns of movement ; with the implicit system , we learn without being aware of the fact and without conscious training , such as through simple repetition .
The explicit system , on the other hand , we use when we consciously train and are aware of what we are learning .
A brain structure that is involved in learning and motor control is the basal ganglia , which lie deep in the cerebral hemispheres .
Dopamine , a substance used in the transmission of signals between neurons , is important for learning and the plasticity of the basal ganglia .
In the present study , which is published in PNAS , the journal of the American Academy of Sciences , researchers have examined both the implicit and explicit learning of motor sequences in relation to the number of dopamine D2 receptors in the basal ganglia .
While they found a correlation between D2 receptor density and both forms of learning , they also noted that the evolutionarily oldest part of the basal ganglia -- the limbic striatum -- was only involved in implicit learning .
" In other words , we probably have certain fundamental learning systems in common not only with rats , mice and other mammals , but also with the most primitive vertebrates , which also have a limbic striatum , " says Dr Ullén .
In the future , a better understanding of how these learning systems work can be of use in developing new treatments for diseases such as Parkinson 's and Huntington's , which are characterised by disorders of basal ganglia function and impaired motor skills .
FEC report details lavish Republican spending , including nearly $ 2,000 at Voyeur West Hollywood
Updated 3:04 p.m.
By Dan Eggen
The Republican National Committee gave nearly $ 2,000 to a Southern California GOP contributor for meal expenses at Voyeur West Hollywood , a lesbian - themed California nightclub that features topless dancers wearing horse - bits and other bondage gear , according to newly filed disclosure records .
The RNC said Monday it is investigating the disbursement of the money to Erik Brown of Orange , Calif. , who has donated about $ 10,000 to GOP candidates and is listed in public records as the CEO of Dynamic Marketing Inc. , with offices in California and Washington .
Brown did not immediately respond Monday to messages left by telephone and e-mail .
RNC spokesman Doug Heye said " I can't comment on him " when asked about Brown and his connection to the party committee .
But Heye said Brown is " not on committee staff " and that the visit to the Voyeur nightclub " was not an RNC event . "
He said the RNC is investigating the expenditure and is requesting that the money be returned .
" It was not anything sanctioned by the committee , and that is why we have requested an investigation , " Heye said .
" Obviously , given the location , it 's something that 's not appropriate . "
The Feb. 4 nightclub disbursement was included as part of the RNC 's monthly expense reports filed with the Federal Election Commission last week .
The reports also included tens of thousands of dollars in expenditures for luxury jets , limousines and posh hotels , prompting further criticism from Democrats and some Republicans over the spending habits of RNC Chairman Michael Steele .
The RNC spent more than $ 17,000 on private jet travel in February as well as nearly $ 13,000 for limousines and car services , and also ran up tabs at luxe hotels including the Beverly Hills Hotel ( $ 9,000 ) ; the Beverly Wilshire Four Seasons ( $ 6,600 ) and the W Hotel in Washington ( $ 15,000 ) .
The GOP 's controversial midwinter meeting in Hawaii ended up costing the party $ 43,000 in expenses , not including airfare , the records show .
Steele has come under steady fire for his financial stewardship of the organization .
The RNC had more than $ 22 million on hand when Steele arrived last year , but is down to under $ 10 million now despite raising $ 96 million during that time , records show .
The Daily Caller website , which first noted the new FEC filings , also reported that Steele had suggested that the RNC should purchase a private jet for his travels after he first took over the job in January 2009 .
The new financial records prompted mocking criticism from the Democratic National Committee , which issued a press release Monday entitled : " RNC : Risque National Committee . "
Spokesman Brad Woodhouse said DNC Chairman Tim Kaine usually travels on commercial flights and does not use limousine services .
" We think their extravagant spending and their high burn rate speaks for itself , " said Woodhouse .
" If limos , chartered aircraft and sex clubs are where they think their donors ' money should be spent , who are we to judge ?
But it should n't give voters much confidence in Republicans when they say they want to be put back in charge of federal spending . "
But Heye said that the RNC was being held to a different standard than Democrats , arguing that paying for high - end hotels and other accoutrements is standard practice for political parties when wooing wealthy donors .
Steele 's use of car services in February , for example , was primarily related to the launch of television advertisements in North Carolina , Ohio , Florida and Oklahoma , Heye said .
" Obviously the press has taken a finer microscope to the RNC as opposed to the DNC , " Heye said .
Steele 's spending habits have prompted angry complaints from wealthy GOP donors and party officials , who fear the chairman is making poor financial decisions and undercutting the GOP 's attempt to cast itself as the party of fiscal responsibility .
" Nothing surprises me , " said one former RNC aide , who spoke only on the condition of anonymity .
" It definitely speaks to the desire for first class accommodations over there . "
The expenditure of $ 1,946.25 at Voyeur West Hollywood is listed as " meals " on the RNC disclosure form , and comes right after an identical amount listed as a disbursement to Brown , the Southern California marketing executive .
Heye said the two listings refer to the same single disbursement to Brown .
Brown has contributed nearly $ 10,000 to Republicans since 2007 , including at least $ 1,500 to the RNC , records show .
A Twitter account registered to a user of the same name also suggests Brown attended a football game in Washington on Oct. 26 with the committee chair : " Enjoying the football game with RNC Chairman Michael Steele .
( Eagles vs Redskins at FedEx Field ) . "
Voyeur West Hollywood has garnered attention in Los Angeles for its risque and outrageous theme since opening last fall , attracting celebrities such as Lindsey Lohan and Leonardo DiCaprio .
A Los Angeles
Times article said the club had a " dark , leather - heavy interior " that was " reminiscent of the masked orgy scene " from the movie " Eyes Wide Shut " and includes " impromptu bondage and S&M ' scenes ' being played out on an elevated platform by scantily clad performers . "
Opening night included one woman " with a horse 's bit in her mouth ... strapped to the wall by another , " the article said .
Club management officials did not immediately respond to a telephone message left at Voyeur 's office on Monday .
Staff writer Philip Rucker contributed to this report .
A nearby star will very likely make a close encounter with our solar system in more than a million years ' time , according to a new study .
Gliese 710 could disrupt the orbits of the outer planets , according to new calculations .
( ( ESO / ABC ) )
The star , known as Gliese 710 , could disrupt planetary orbits and send a shower of comets and asteroids toward the inner planets when it passes in 1.5 million years time .
Vadim Bobylev of the Pulkovo Astronomical Observatory in St. Petersburg is the author of the study , which appears on the prepress website arXiv and has been submitted to the journal Astronomy Letters .
He estimates that the likelihood of an impact between Gliese 710 and the outer edge of our solar system to be as high as 86 per cent .
" That 's about as close to certainty as this kind of data can get , " said Bobylev .
Bobylev bases his calculations on data collected by the European Space Agency 's Hipparcos spacecraft .
Measurements made by the spacecraft were used to create the Hipparcos catalogue , which contains detailed position and velocity measurements of 100,000 stars in our neighbourhood .
According to the catalogue , there are 156 stars that either have or will make a close approach , which appear to occur once every two million years .
In 2007 , the Hipparcos data was revised and combined with new measurements of star velocities .
Bobylev combined this data with several new databases , finding an additional nine stars that either have had , or will have , a close encounter with the sun .
' Likely to have serious consequences '
When he took a closer look at Gliese 710 , he was shocked .
" There is an 86 per cent chance that [ Gliese 710 ] will plough through the Oort Cloud of frozen comets that surrounds the solar system , " he wrote .
" Being half a parsec [ about 1.6 light years ] away makes it sound like little more than a graze , but it 's likely to have serious consequences .
Such an approach is likely to send an almighty shower of comets into the solar system which will force us to keep our heads down for a while . "
Paul Dobbie of the Anglo Australian Observatory , said our solar system has had a number of close encounters .
" It 's not the only stellar visitor to come to the ' hood , " he said .
" About half a million years ago Gliese 208 passed within about four light years of the sun . "
While that was closer than our Sun 's closest neighbours Alpha and Proxima Centauri , it was far enough away to leave our solar system untouched .
But Dobbie says the predicted path of Gliese 710 will make this a certain close encounter .
" There are a few more objects that will pass within a few light years of our sun , but none this close , " he said .
By way of an invitation email that just hit our inbox , we ’ve learned that Valve will be showing off Portal 2 at a special press - only event on June 14 , the day before E3 .
Beverages are also promised , so we ’re understandably pumped .
While there ’s no word on what the demonstration will entail , we ’ll be sure to relay our impressions of the event .
A follow - up to 2008 ’s smash puzzle hit , Portal 2 is due out this holiday season on Xbox 360 and PC .
Follow this author on Twitter .
The Bloomberg administration , struggling to address the needs of a growing number of students with learning disabilities , is overhauling special education by asking every principal to take in more of the students and giving them greater flexibility in deciding how to teach them .
This fall , more than 250 schools will be asked to accept more students with disabilities rather than send them to schools that have specific programs for special education , as has been the case for decades .
By September 2011 , principals at each of the system ’s 1,500 schools will be expected to enroll all but the most severely disabled students ; those students will continue to be served by schools tailored exclusively to them .
The shift echoes one of the central philosophies of the administration , giving principals more responsibility and control over their schools .
It is also an effort to bring New York more in line with the nationwide trend of allowing special education students to benefit from regular classroom settings .
But some special education advocates and principals worry that the changes could be too difficult for principals with little knowledge of special education , who are already strained by day - to - day issues and impending budget cuts .
In mid-November of 2009 there appeared a file on the Internet containing thousands of emails and other documents from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia in Great Britain .
How this file got into the public domain is still uncertain , but the emails , whose authenticity is no longer in question , provided a view into the world of climate research that was revealing and even startling .
In what has come to be known as " climategate , " one could see unambiguous evidence of the unethical ...
GREAT DESTINATIONS
HOTELS & RESORTS PVT LTD
WHERE EVERY MOMENT BECOMES A CHERISHED MEMORY
Many Saudi executions are beheadings by the sword in public places Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri has been urged to intervene to stop the execution of a Lebanese national accused of sorcery in Saudi Arabia .
Amnesty International said TV fortune teller Ali Hussain Sabat seemed to have been convicted for " exercising of his right to freedom of expression " .
Mr Sabat 's lawyer said she had been informed unofficially that he could be beheaded by the end of this week .
But Beirut 's envoy to Riyadh said the case was still being heard .
The condemned man hosted a satellite TV show in which he predicted the future .
He was arrested by the Saudi religious police while on pilgrimage to the country in 2008 .
Malcolm Smart , head of Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa programme , said it was " high time the Saudi Arabian government joined the international trend towards a worldwide moratorium on executions " .
The Lebanese ambassador to Riyadh , Marwan Zein , said on Thursday that he had not been informed that Mr Sabat 's execution was imminent , AFP news agency reports .
His case was " still being considered by the court " , the ambassador said .
There has been no official confirmation from Saudi Arabia , but executions there are often carried out with little warning .
Egyptian executed Human Rights
Watch senior researcher Christophe Wilcke said the case had still to go before " the supreme court [ in Riyadh ] and ... the king for ratification . "
Mr Sabat 's lawyer , May el - Khansa , contacted Lebanese leaders earlier to appeal on his behalf .
Ms Khansa says her client did make a confession but he only did so because he had been told he could go back to Lebanon if he did .
Lebanese Justice Minister Ibrahim Najjar told AFP in Beirut : " I hope that Saudi authorities realise the same offence is not dealt with in the same manner in other countries and that they will be sensitive to all recommendations . "
Human rights groups have accused the Saudis of " sanctioning a literal witch hunt by the religious police " .
An Egyptian working as a pharmacist in Saudi Arabia was executed in 2007 after having been found guilty of using sorcery to try to separate a married couple .
There is no legal definition of witchcraft in Saudi Arabia , but horoscopes and fortune telling are condemned as un-Islamic .
Nevertheless , there is still a big thirst for such services in a country where widespread superstition survives under the surface of strict religious orthodoxy , the BBC's Sebastian Usher says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Tuesday , April 20 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Case callservice.biz Posted by Mikko @ 14:21 GMT
Two Belarussian hackers were arrested last week .
The arrests are related to a website called callservice.biz , which was in operation for several years .
According to the indictment , Dmitry Naskovets and Sergey Semashko were the persons behind this service .
The server itself operated in Lithuania .
Callservice.biz provided an online form where you could order fake confirmation phone calls by people who spoke either English or German .
Such confirmation calls are often used by banks to confirm large money transactions or changing details of an account .
Online criminals need a way to make convincing calls like this , and this is where callservice .
biz came into picture .
Translation of their details page : Please register for the service ... then fill in the order form for the call ... add the details ... we will make the call within 24 hours ... if the call is not succesful you get your money back ... price per call in English : $ 10 .
Here 's a snippet from an online chat where criminals are discussing money transactions related to the service :
The site is down now .
Visiting callservice.biz will produce this page :
More details in an article by Kim Zetter in Wired .
Such advice is woefully misguided – a carbon - copy of policy blunders made throughout history , most recently in the 1970s .
The UK government , over many years , for the next decade in fact , needs severely to curtail its spending .
The most vital services must be protected but the state must do much less and do it better .
There really is no alternative , to coin a phrase .
The " easy option " of tackling our debts via a lower pound and higher prices is ultimately not only counter - productive , but deeply destructive .
It will succeed only in precipitating the gilts strike we 're supposed to be trying to avoid .
One thing I really slacked on while developing GreaterDebater was testing .
Maybe that 's not the right way to put it .
It 's not like I did n't test .
In fact , I did a lot of testing .
A lot of painstaking manual testing .
For every change .
So , in a way it was really the opposite of slacking .
It was working a whole lot harder than I really needed to .
It was also dumb .
What I did slack on , was figuring out how Django 's unit testing framework worked .
Well , no more !
In fact , it 's really easy to set up .
Writing tests can also be somewhat painstaking when it comes to ensuring you 've covered every possible input , but at least that pain is an investment that repays itself every time you make a change to the program and you can know right away if you 've broken something that used to work .
As usual the Django documentation is excellent .
I highly recommend it for learning everything there is to know about testing with Django .
What I hope to do here is give a brief overview of what you need to do some basic testing .
Partly as a reminder for myself on future projects , and hopefully to help out anyone in the same position I was before I started .
Getting Started
If your Django app is relatively new , the startapp command already created a tests .py file when you ran it to set up your app .
This file includes some helpful examples , like so :
" " " This file demonstrates two different styles of tests ( one doctest and one unittest ) .
These will both pass when you run " manage .py test " .
Replace these with more appropriate tests for your application . " " " from django.test import TestCase class SimpleTest ( TestCase ) : def test_basic_addition ( self ) : " " " Tests that 1 + 1 always equals 2 . " " " self.failUnlessEqual(1 + 1 , 2 ) __test__ = { " doctest " : " " " Another way to test that 1 + 1 is equal to 2 . >>> 1 + 1 == 2 True " " " }
If you do n't already have a tests .
py file , the important things to note are that you have to import the TestCase class from django. test and create a new class which subclasses it .
Each method defined in this class will correspond to one test , usually the test of a corresponding function in your views .
py file .
To test a particular function from views.py , define a method with the name test_functionname .
Test data
Now , I 'm guessing your application probably manipulates some sort of data .
The Django test runner is kind enough to setup and destroy a complete test database for the purposes of running your tests .
There 's two important consequences to this .
First , the database user specified in your settings .py file has to have the necessary permissions to create and destroy databases .
So , make sure that 's the case .
Second , if you already have a test database set up on your development machine ( or wherever ) , with data you 've inserted during your manual tests , the test runner wo n't have access to any of it .
To get some data for your tests , you can try exporting the data already in your test database with Django 's dumpdata command .
The test runner can then load it as a fixture .
Honestly , I just could n't get this to work .
Some googling about the errors I was getting seemed to indicate that I was n't the only one having problems with it .
The update to natural keys announced for Django 1.2 seemed like it would help , but I 've still been unsuccessful , so far .
In any event , I plan on keeping an eye on future developments to see if there 's any improvements in this area .
In the meantime , I went ahead and did it the hard way .
I created a separate file called testsetup.py .
I imported all the models for my project and defined a function also called testsetup .
All this function does is create a few instances for each model with all their various possible configurations .
By defining a method called setUp in the new class I created in tests.py and calling this function there , all of the necessary data will be added to the test database before the tests are run .
class ViewTest ( TestCase ) : def setUp( self ) : testsetup ( )
GET Requests
The easiest of your views to test are the ones that only handle GET requests .
All you have to do is retrieve the correct item from the database and display the information .
Let 's use the canonical book / author / publisher example .
Suppose we 're testing a view that displays the details for a particular book .
def test_book_detail ( self ) : testbook = Book.objects.all ( ) [ 0 ] url = '/ books /id / ' + str(testbook.id ) response = self.client.get ( url ) self.assertContains( response , testbook.title )
The first thing I want to stress , is that I think it 's important that no specific test data is used in the tests .
Always try to select objects you 're going to use for your tests in a generic way .
This way it wo n't matter how your test data gets moved around or changed over time .
In this example I just picked the first book returned in the queryset for all books .
What you do n't want to do is something like this :
testbook = Book.objects.get ( title = " The Test Book " )
That assumes your test database has a book with that title in it , which it may or may not .
Over time it 's bound to get mighty confusing trying to keep the data in your test database synchronized with the data in your tests , so it 's best to save yourself the headache .
The Django TestCase class comes with a built in client to make all your requests .
For a GET request all you have to do is pass it a URL and it will return the response generated by that request .
The TestCase class also defines some new assertions in addition to the standard ones Python provides .
assertContains , used in this example , takes a response object and verifies that it has a particular piece of text in it ; in this case , the book 's title .
Optionally , you can specify a particular response code , and number of repititions for the piece of text .
If you 're expecting a particular url to not be found you might test :
badurl = ' / books/id/notabookid ' response = self.client.get ( badurl ) self.assertContains ( response , " Book not found " , status_code=404 )
POST requests
Of course all of this data has to get into your database somehow .
You know you do n't want to put it all there yourself , so you 're probably going to have your users do it .
This likely means you 'll have some forms on your site that you want them to submit .
For our example , let 's pretend authors are submitting their own books to the site .
Let 's assume a few things about how this function works , so we know what we 're testing .
The user must be logged in to submit a book
A book requires a title , an author , and an ISBN field
Upon successfully submitting a book , we want to redirect the user to the detail page for that book .
The ID field for the Book model is auto - incremented ( Django 's default )
Simple enough , right ?
Django provides all the tools you need to test every aspect of this function .
def test_addbook ( self ) : url = ' / books/add / ' author = Author.objects.all ( ) [ 0 ] user = author.user #
User not logged in response = self.client.get ( url ) self.assertEqual(response.status_code , 403 ) self.client.login(username=user.username , password= ' password ') # Valid user response = self.client.get ( url ) self.assertEqual(response.status_code , 200 ) # Invalid Form response = self.client.post(url , {' title ' : " Book Title " , ' author_id ' : author.id , ' ISBN ' : " invalid ISBN " } ) self.assertFormError(response , " BookSubmitForm " , ' ISBN ' , " ISBN field must contain a number " ) # Valid submission newid = Book.objects.aggregate ( Max ( 'id ' ) ) [ ' id__max ' ] + 1 redirect = '/ books/id/ %d ' % newid response = self.client.post( url , {' title ' : " Test book " , ' author_id ' : author.id , ' ISBN ' : 123456} , follow=True ) self.assertRedirects ( response , redirect ) self.assertContains ( response , " Test book " )
First you 'll want to test a GET request for the url , to make sure the user can see the form properly to fill it in .
Also check that the form is not visible to users who are n't logged in .
In this case , that means simply making sure the response returns a 403 Forbidden status code .
To log in as a user , simply use the self.
client.login function with the appropriate name and password .
It 's easy enough to pull a random user from the ones you set up in the testsetup function , but I 've violated my own rule a little by specifying a value for the user 's password .
In fact , I 'm not sure there 's any other way to do this .
For the sake of simplicity , I 'm just giving all of the users created in testsetup the same password .
For POST requests , simply add a dictionary with all the required form fields and values .
You can make sure the form validation is catching errors properly by submitting an invalid form and using the assertFormError assertion to verify that the appropriate form validation error occurs .
This assertion takes 4 arguments : the response , the name the template uses for the form , the form field in question , and the error text ( or a list of strings for multiple errors ) that is expected .
Finally , since the id for new books is just autoincremented , we can assume the id for the book we create will be one more than highest one in the database yet .
By plugging this into the book detail url , we have the address of the page we 'll be redirected to when the book is successfully submitted .
If you want to use assertContains or anything else to check the contents of the final page you get redirected to , be sure to add follow =True in the post function .
This way it will return the final response , not the intermediate redirect response .
I suppose now is a good time to mention that the Django test runner will return the database to its original state ( after populated by the setUp method ) after each test .
That means that any books you add during the test__addbook method will be deleted when that test is over .
You wo n't have access to them in , for example , test_deletebook that you might write afterwards , so keep that in mind .
I hope this has been a helpful introduction to Django 's testing facilities .
I 've only scratched the surface of what it can do , but I think it 's a good place to start .
Like I said , the documentation is up to Django 's usual high standards , so definitely make the most of it .
Happy Testing !
Originally published 2010-04-05 06:50:17
The problem with performing a political backflip of such spectacularly high degrees of difficulty as Kevin Rudd shakily negotiated today is the haunting rhetoric which can come back to bite you in the ass .
In dumping Labor ’s commitment to introduce an emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) this term , various media reports have pinned Rudd to comments [… ]
The problem with performing a political backflip of such spectacularly high degrees of difficulty as Kevin Rudd shakily negotiated today is the haunting rhetoric which can come back to bite you in the ass .
In dumping Labor ’s commitment to introduce an emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) this term , various media reports have pinned Rudd to comments he made in a speech to the Lowy Institute for International Policy last November .
It ’s worth republishing his remarks at length :
When you strip away all the political rhetoric , all the political excuses , there are two stark choices ­– action or inaction .
The resolve of the Australian Government is clear : we choose action , and we do so because Australia ’s fundamental economic and environmental interests lie in action .
Action now .
Not action delayed .
… It is time to be totally blunt about the agenda of the climate change skeptics in all their colours ­ some more sophisticated than others .
It is to destroy the CPRS at home , and it is to destroy agreed global action on climate change abroad , and our children ’s fate ­ and our grandchildren ’s fate ­ will lie entirely with them .
It ’s time to remove any polite veneer from this debate .
The stakes are that high .
… Instead they [ skeptics ] offer maximum fear , the universal conservative stock in trade .
And by doing so , these do - nothing climate change skeptics are prepared to destroy our children ’s future .
… It is an endless cycle of delay , and I am sure that with December almost upon us , the eighth excuse cannot be far away — which will be to wait until the next year or the year after until all the rest of the world has acted at which time Australia will act .
What absolute political cowardice .
What an absolute failure of leadership .
What an absolute failure of logic .
The inescapable logic of this approach is that if every nation makes the decision not to act until others have done so , then no nation will ever act .
… This brigade of do - nothing climate change skeptics are dangerous because if they succeed , then it is all of us who will suffer .
Our children .
And our grandchildren .
If we fail , then it will be a failure that will echo through future generations .
No responsible government confronted with the evidence delivered by the 4,000 scientists associated with the international panel could then in conscience choose not to act .
In any public company , it would represent a gross contempt of the most basic fiduciary duty .
… You ’ve got to know when to fold ’em ­ and for the skeptics , that time has come .
The Government I lead will act .
Just to be clear , less than six months ago Rudd believed Australia ’s “ fundamental economic and environmental interests ” were at stake ; no responsible government in the world could “ in conscience choose not to act ” ; bailing on an ETS would “ destroy our children ’s future ” .
Today he folded ’em , our children and children ’s children be damned , leaving a supposedly responsible government bereft of a policy to address the “ greatest moral , economic and social challenge of our time ” .
Rudd ’s words ring true .
He is a coward ; a failed leader .
He said it himself .
( Visited 67 times , 1 visits today )
In just a few days , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist will have to make a fateful decision -- whether to abandon his fight for the GOP Senate nomination and seek election as an independent .
A lifelong Republican considered for the vice presidential nomination and once seen as GOP presidential prospect , Crist has fallen far behind conservative challenger Marco Rubio in the primary .
Though Crist ’s GOP credentials were once unchallenged , his embrace of President Obama ’s stimulus money ( and of Obama himself in a now fateful photo ) has made him the target of Tea Party activists .
Advertisement - Article continues below
In Arizona , meanwhile , former presidential candidate John McCain is fighting for his political life against a more conservative primary challenger , ex- Rep. J.D. Hayworth .
In an effort to move to the right , McCain now denies the maverick label he once championed , says he made a mistake in voting for the 2008 financial bailout , and no longer supports a comprehensive immigration bill .
Just last week he went so far as to accuse illegal immigrants of “ intentionally crashing cars on the freeway ” in an interview on Fox .
( I guess he thinks they ’re eager to be arrested by Arizona police , who will soon be newly empowered to put illegal immigrants in jail . )
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
In Utah , GOP Sen .
Bob Bennett , whose conservative credentials go back decades , is under attack for voting for the financial bailout and for cosponsoring a bipartisan alternative to President Obama ’s health care bill .
He may well lose his state ’s primary .
Republicans are feeling the heat more than Democrats because of the rise of the Tea Party , most of whose members are registered Republicans , and because of long established conservative groups like the Club for Growth .
But Democrats are hardly immune .
They ’re under attack for divergences from a strict party line .
Ark. Sen. Blanche Lincoln faces a tough primary because of her lack of enthusiasm for the health care law and other Obama initiatives .
And in North Carolina , no fewer than three Democratic incumbents are being challenged by labor unions unhappy with their refusal to vote with the Democratic majority .
Advertisement - Article continues below
What ’s odd is that the two parties are being pushed further left and right , despite the fact that a big majority of Americans put themselves in the middle .
In fact , Obama won the election in 2008 by appealing to the middle and promising to govern from the center .
Liberal Democrats complain that he ’s lived up to that promise , making too many compromises they do n’t like .
Conservative Republicans insist he ’s so radical that he ’s pushing the U.S. into socialism .
I tend to believe Obama is seeking the center , with the stimulus and health care bills being prime examples .
The stimulus was half the size he originally sought ( many economists still think bigger would have been better ) , and he dropped the public option and made scores of other compromises on the health care bill .
I ’m sure the comments to this post will say I ’m crazy -- that Obama is so far left he ’s un-American -- but that will just prove my point .
Advertisement - Article continues below
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
The tendency toward extreme political views is only growing stronger , in part because the media make a lot of money by pushing it .
It ’s not a coincidence that half of Tea Party members ( in a recent NYT / CBS poll ) get most of their “ news ” from Fox while liberals get theirs from MSNBC .
As National Journal ’s Charlie Cook noted this week in a column aptly headlined “ Home of the Whopper , ” commentators on both sides have become very skilled at twisting selected facts to “ prove ” their presumptions .
Unlike the old days ( 20 years ago ) , when most Americans read or listened to journalists who at least tried to be objective in giving people facts so they could draw their own conclusions , today ’s cable commentators and Web sites give too many people arguments to support the conclusions they already believe in .
That leaves the silent middle with nowhere to go and , worse , no representation in the political arena .
But that will be hard to come by in the foreseeable future .
If Charlie Crist runs as an independent , he ’ll probably lose , in part because he wo n’t have the machinery and money .
Nate Silver makes a strong case for that today , and in the process explains why it ’s so hard for any third party candidate to make any headway .
Unless or until we do that , it ’ll only get worse .
The only way to change that is to create a new party ( a big and long - term challenge ) or for the silent middle to speak up -- and to vote .
The reason so many moderates face tough primary elections is that primaries are dominated by hard - core party members .
Grigorij Perelman zseniális , különc orosz matematikusnak ítélte első Millennium - díját és a vele járó egymillió dollárt a bostoni Clay Matematikai Intézet a Poincaré - sejtés bizonyításáért .
A tudós korábban azt mondta , nem fogadja el a díjat .
Grigorij Perelman
A Clay Intézet hét matematikai probléma megoldásának elismerésére alapította a Millennium - díjat , amely mellé egymillió dollárt ajánlott fel azzal a két feltétellel , hogy a munkát tudományos folyóiratban kell közzétenni és két éven belül ne tudják megcáfolni .
Perelman csupán annak a feltételnek felel meg , hogy megoldását nem sikerült megcáfolni , ugyanis munkáját nem egy tekintélyes folyóiratban , hanem az interneten tette közzé 2002 - ben .
Egyes források szerint éppen ezért húzódott mostanáig a díj odaítélése .
A tekintélyes intézet viszont olyan nagyra értékelte a teljesítményt , hogy megváltoztatta a szabályokat .
Grigorij Jakovlevics Perelman 1966 - ban született Leningrádban .
1982 - ben maximális pontszámmal nyerte meg a budapesti matematikai diákolimpiát .
Az Orosz Tudományos Akadémián dolgozott , majd Amerikában töltött néhány évet .
1995 - ben tért vissza a Sztyeklov Intézetbe , de állását később otthagyta , majd visszavonult , emailcímét is megszüntette .
Lakása üresen áll , ő átköltözött édesanyjához , aki annyit mondott egyszer a fiáról , hogy " Grisa szereti a zenét , a kását meg a rántottát , de nem szívesen érintkezik emberekkel ” .
Perelman nem fogadta el 2006 - ban a matematikai Nobel - díjnak számító Fields - érmet sem , pedig akkor maga John M. Ball , a Nemzetközi Matematikai Unió elnöke kereste fel Szentpéterváron , hogy személyesen próbálja rábírni a díj átvételére , de tíz órányi vita után feladta .
“ A díj teljesen irreleváns számomra .
Ha a bizonyítás helyes , nincs szükség külön elismerésre " – mondta Perelman .
A Poincaré - sejtés bizonyítását az év legjelent ősebb tudományos eredményének minősítették 2006 végén , egy tekintélyes amerikai intézet pedig a világ tíz legzseniálisabb tudósa közé sorolta Perelmant .
Már akkor felmerült , hogy a megoldással kiérdemelheti a Millennium - díjat , de Pereman közölte , hogy azt sem fogadja el .
Azon ritka alkalmak egyikén , amikor a tudós egyáltalán hajlandó volt szóba állni újságírókkal , 2006 - ban a Komszomolszkaja Pravda című lapnak kijelentette : " Nem tetszik , hogy beleegyezésem nélkül írnak rólam .
Nem tartom nagy hőstettnek , hogy visszautasítottam a díjat .
Sem a munkámban , sem a személyemben nincs semmi érdekes .
Azok , akik a felhajtást csinálják , nem a barátaim " .
Harry Taylor was convicted of “ causing religiously aggravated harassment , alarm or distress , ” and sentenced to six months in jail ( suspended for two years ) , 100 hours of community service , and 250 pounds in costs ; he was also barred from “ carrying religiously offensive material in a public place . ”
A few details on the leaflets , from Asian News International / DailyIndia.com , which has the most comprehensive coverage I ’ve found ( though there ’s also a similar story in the Independent ( UK ) and other British papers ) :
Among the posters , one image showed a smiling crucified Christ next to an advert for a brand of “ no nails ” glue .
In another , a cartoon depicted two Muslims holding a placard demanding equality with the caption : “ Not for women or gays , obviously . ”
Islamic suicide bombers at the gates of paradise were told in another : “ Stop , stop , we ’ve run out of virgins . ” …
He had adapted newspaper and magazine cartoons and added captions of his own — one made a crude joke on a picture of a woman kneeling in front of a priest .
But some of his cartoons went way beyond exercising freedom of expression , prosecutor Neville Biddle said .
One image showed a pig excreting sausages with insults to Islam , and others linked Muslims to attacks on airports … .
An appalling restriction on freedom of speech ; I realize English free speech rules are n’t the same as ours , but cases such as this remind me why I like our free speech rules much better .
I should note also that this certainly was n’t a content - neutral prohibition on leafleting in particular places ( e.g. , a ban on leaving any unsolicited material in prayer rooms ) — the conviction was based on the content and viewpoint of the speech , and the “ anti- social behaviour order ” applied to carrying “ religiously offensive material ” in any “ public place . ”
Thanks to Josh Mize for the pointer .
If anyone has the text of the leaflets , I ’d love to see it and link to it , so people can better grasp exactly what the case was about .
This two - panel infographic on the Evolution of the Modern Bra was designed by Suzi Slavik for an assignment in her information graphics class at Ohio State University .
The first panel is devoted to social influences , industry leaders , and shifts in fashionable silhouettes .
The second panel discusses historical milestones , significant fabrics used , and the bra fitting procedure .
A man films his pool during todays magnitude 7.2 earthquake .
from the source : " April 04 , 2010 — Easter Sunday 2010 3:40 p.m. the earthguake seems to last almost 5 minutes as seen by the wave action in our pool in Buena Park , California .
It was a very , very long slow to fast roller with no violent shaking here .
Check out the video and sorry for paning too rapidly . "
Ya son más de 30 años de aquel decisivo encuentro en donde un puñado de activistas mexicanos , cansados de la intolerancia y la humillación , decidieron formar el Frente Homosexual de Acción Revolucionaria ( FHAR ) , un grupo de homosexuales y lesbianas con un puntual objetivo , hacerle frente a los crímenes y abusos de los que eran víctimas .
Carteles , en lugar de armas ; colores , en lugar de sangre ; ellos salieron a las calles a unirse para erradicar el hostigamiento en el cual estaban inmersos en aquellos tiempos , cuando decir que eras delincuente era más aceptable que confesar que eras maricón .
Marcados y encasillados con el pinches putos por enamorarse de alguien de su mismo sexo , en una sociedad machista y religiosa , llena de estereotipos y prejuicios , un sistema político retrograda incapaz de hacer respetar sus derechos como ciudadanos , sumándose a la agresión e intolerancia hacia esta comunidad ; el colectivo FHAR , de la mano de otros grupos nacientes : Lambda y Oikiabeth , formaron la Coordinadora de Grupos Homosexuales , quienes decidieron salir a las calles en tacones y jeans , conmemorando el recuerdo de aquellos decesos desafortunados en la matanza del 68 .
Desde entonces esta marcha se volvió un evento tradicional cada año en la Ciudad de México , con fecha del último sábado de junio ( siempre y cuando no haya eventos que puedan interferir en la verdadera intención de ésta , como los periodos electorales ) .
Con el paso de los años , el recorrido se ha ido haciendo más grande y la participación de la gente ha pasado de ser de cientos a miles de personas .
¿ Un circo o la búsqueda ?de derechos ?
La sociedad y la misma comunidad gay se encuentran divididas en este sentido .
Hay quienes sostienen la postura de que es innecesario salir a manifestarse envuelto en glitter y con poca ropa , bajo la protesta de que más que una marcha para discutir los derechos , el evento se ha convertido en un completo circo ( sin saber , claro , que el inicio de todo se dio sobre unos tacones ) , y hay quienes lo conciben como una verdadera celebración .
Es muy usada la expresión de el respeto se gana y al manifestarse de esa manera jamás lo conseguirán , pero hay que tener en cuenta que el respeto es un derecho inalienable con el que se nace y que no depende del cómo pienses o luzcas , y mucho menos de tener que probar tu masculinidad o feminidad .
Mientras en algunos países la homosexualidad es un delito que se castiga con la muerte , en la Ciudad de México ya existe la posibilidad de que personas del mismo sexo puedan casarse y adoptar ; se ha convertido en una ciudad gay friendly , que cuenta con leyes que protegen a este sector y ha generado una inclusión muy grande y afortunada en el sector turístico empresarial .
En este contexto , Jaqueline LHoist Tapia , presidenta del Consejo para Prevenir y Eliminar la Discriminación de la Ciudad de México ( Copred ) , considera que la Marcha del Orgullo Gay ( que se llevará a cabo el sábado 25 de junio , partiendo desde el Ángel de la Independencia ) sí amerita una celebración , debido a que se ha logrado un gran avance en lo que a esta comunidad corresponde .
Primero , debemos colocarnos en que es la marcha del orgullo ; por lo que la gente sale a la calle a decir que es orgullosamente homosexual y a celebrar los avances que hemos logrado , dijo LHoist .
Además de que uno aprovecha la marcha para solicitar cosas , o bien , para visibilizar ; por ejemplo , el año pasado el tema de la marcha fue la transexualidad y gracias a esto el 13 de noviembre el jefe de gobierno declaró el día de las personas trans .
Las marchas siempre tienen un sentido , la del año pasado yo diría que más bien fue una marcha que celebró todos los avances trans , debido a que en enero se rompieron los obstáculos para el cambio de la identidad de género , explicó LHoist .
La temática de este año son las familias diversas , El tema de ahora me parece muy importante , porque mientras a nivel federal apenas se está discutiendo el matrimonio entre personas del mismo sexo , aquí en la Ciudad de México ya estamos disfrutando el derecho de las familias diversas .
Contamos ya con alrededor de 6,000 matrimonios , más o menos 11 adopciones y , bueno , la inclusión total y abierta a todos los programas sociales de las familias diversas en la CDMX .
Lo que se pretende buscar ahora es incorporar a los hijos e hijas de las familias lesboparentales y homoparentales a la sociedad con la inclusión y con todos los derechos .
La masacre en Orlando ?y el miedo de la marcha
Yo creo que la masacre en Orlando es algo que nos duele mucho a todos , pero no representa lo que pasa en la CDMX ; son historias y ritmos diferentes , ya van 6 años que vamos con el matrimonio y nuca ha habido un acontecimiento de éstos ; no está ligado el hecho , quien cometió la masacre no lo hizo por lo que se está discutiendo en México , lo hace por ser una persona homofóbica , advirtió LHoist .
La presidenta de la Copred asegura que se debe solamente a una coincidencia que estos sucesos hayan sido muy cercanos .
En la Ciudad de México somos más incluyentes , somos más abiertos ; ya van 38 veces que se hace la marcha , no es la primera o segunda y nunca ha pasado nada , hay que mirar la perspectiva más amplia .
TwitteR : @Davee_Son
ACTUALIZACIÓN
23/06/2016 21:38 HORAS : Esta versión actualiza el número de matrimonios gays a 6,000 .
How likely is it that I ’ll win if I fight my traffic ticket in court ?
This is a question we get a lot and the truth is that it varies pretty wildly depending on the location .
It ’s rare to get a straight answer from local governments on this topic but a recent report in the Washington Examiner exposed some interesting statistics on ticket fighting in Washington D.C .
Here are the bullet points :
22,693 moving violation challenges
58 percent of drivers won
117,656 parking ticket challenges
41 percent of drivers won
20,251 photo ticket challenges
37 percent of drivers won
2,211 appeals from lost initial challenges
33 percent of drivers won
The last statistic refers to situations where a driver challenged a ticket and lost initially but then filed an appeal of the decision .
As you can see , the odds are actually much higher than most people would think .
And the odds would likely increase if more people fought their tickets .
The Examiner also presented statistics that show that most people do n’t bother to even try fighting tickets :
Overall , the city issued some 2.4 million tickets in fiscal 2009 .
Only 3 percent of photo tickets were challenged .
7 percent of parking tickets were challenged .
20 percent of moving violations were challenged .
The paper quoted AAA , ostensibly to give the everyday drivers ’ perspective on the statistics , but instead they offered their ( increasingly typical ) anti-motorist perspective :
“ These numbers are so staggering to me , ” said AAA Mid-Atlantic spokesman John Townsend , whose agency unearthed the performance plan .
“ Something is wrong with the system . ”
As an auto insurance company , AAA , is probably upset that they ’re missing out on the additional revenue that those dismissed traffic tickets would have generated .
The system is broken , but successful challenges of traffic tickets are a good sign .
The discouraging part is the low percentage of people of who are taking their cases to court .
For those with a little more dignity , there 's a Winnie the Pooh rectal thermometer .
The downside to the Pooh thermometer is that it does n't play a fun tune to let you know it 's acclimated itself to your ass , so you 'll just have to use your eyes to figure it out .
However , it has Pooh right in the name .
Was that joke so obvious everyone just refused to acknowledge it at the time this thing was conceived or what ?
1 Twilight Underwear
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I already put underwear on this list once but I refuse to not acknowledge what is arguably the worst product in the history of humanity , and I 'm including everything on the Arby 's menu when I say that .
Look , it 's autographed .
Now jam your groin in there .
You 'll notice on the inside , the most crotch - saturated portion of the garment , is Baron Von SternBrow 's surly mug .
He 's just sitting there on what us refined folk call the gusset , faintly lipglossed , waiting for some desperately lonely fan 's undercarriage to settle in for the most disquieting round of CPR ever conceived .
Why so glum ?
Possibly because he's aware that could potentially result in spending the rest of the week until laundry day sporting a most unfortunate goatee depending on the hygiene of the person wearing it .
If anyone out there has actually purchased this product , then damn you .
Damn your very soul you depraved , completely fucked individual .
If you have n't fully appreciated the depths of " for fuck 's sake " that this product plumbs , stop to appreciate the Twilight demographic , which seems to mostly be underage girls .
That face you just made was your soul puking in its own mouth .
Election 2020 : What Pa. voters need to know now
Where my exasperation comes to die ... a loud death .
* Covers 2003 - 06 time period , KBR and 33 subcontractors
* KBR has been criticized for Iraq cost overruns
( Updates with KBR comment , paragraphs 4 , 9 - 13 )
WASHINGTON , April 1 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday it sued the Houston - based military contractor KBR Inc KBR.
N for alleged false claims act violations over improper costs for private security in Iraq .
The lawsuit , filed in federal court in Washington , D.C. , alleged that KBR knowingly included impermissible costs for private armed security in billings to the U.S.
Army covering the 2003 - 2006 time period , the department said .
KBR has been the U.S. military ’s largest private contractor in Iraq and Afghanistan .
It has been criticized for cost overruns in Iraq , and lawmakers in Congress last month questioned the Army ’s continued use of KBR for logistics work .
The company said it had to hire private security because the government failed to protect its employees , and added that it believed the government filed the lawsuit to avoid reimbursing it for security costs .
The Justice Department said the case , which seeks unspecified damages , was brought as part of an initiative to crack down on procurement fraud .
The contract at issue in the lawsuit provided for logistical support , such as food services , transportation , laundry and mail , for military operations in Iraq .
The lawsuit involved the company and 33 KBR subcontractors .
The lawsuit said KBR violated the contract by failing to obtain Army authorization for arming subcontractors and by allowing the use of private security contractors who were not registered with the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior .
The subcontractors also are alleged to have violated the terms that required travel only in military convoys , the department said .
The lawsuit alleged that KBR managers considered the use of private security unacceptable and were concerned the Army would disallow costs for such services .
But KBR still charged for the costs of the unauthorized services , the suit said .
KBR said in a statement late on Thursday that it had to hire private security to protect its workers in Iraq because the U.S.
Army failed to do so .
“ The government fails to acknowledge that the Army breached the contract by repeatedly failing to provide the necessary force protection and , in fact , frequently left KBR , its employees and its subcontractors unprotected , ” KBR said .
The company said it considers the Justice Department lawsuit an attempt to avoid paying the company ’s security costs .
KBR has been attempting to recover the funds through the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals .
“ The government ’s recent filing of a new complaint in another forum appears to be an attempt to avoid a decision in that proceeding , ” KBR said .
A few days after the September 11th attacks — which killed seven times as many people as any previous act of terrorism — President George W. Bush declared that the United States was engaged in a global war on terror .
September 11th seemed to confirm that we were in a clash of civilizations between modernity and radical Islam .
We had a worldwide enemy with a cause that was general , not specific ( “ They hate our freedoms ” ) , and we now had to take on the vast , long - running mission — equal in scope to the Cold War — of defeating all ambitious terrorist groups everywhere , along with the states that harbored them .
The war on terror was n’t a hollow rhetorical trope .
It led to the American conquest and occupation first of Afghanistan , which had sheltered the leaders of Al Qaeda , and then of Iraq , which had no direct connection to September 11th .
Game theorists posit that even suicide bombers are rational actors .
Illustration by Francesco Bongiorni
Today , few consider the global war on terror to have been a success , either as a conceptual framing device or as an operation .
President Obama has pointedly avoided stringing those fateful words together in public .
His foreign - policy speech in Cairo , last June , makes an apt bookend with Bush ’s war - on - terror speech in Washington , on September 20 , 2001 .
Obama not only did n’t talk about a war ; he carefully avoided using the word “ terrorism , ” preferring “ violent extremism . ”
But if “ global war ” is n’t the right approach to terror what is ?
Experts on terrorism have produced shelves ’ worth of new works on this question .
For outsiders , reading this material can be a jarring experience .
In the world of terrorism studies , the rhetoric of righteousness gives way to equilibrium equations .
Nobody is good and nobody is evil .
Terrorists , even suicide bombers , are not psychotics or fanatics ; they ’re rational actors — that is , what they do is explicable in terms of their beliefs and desires — who respond to the set of incentives that they find before them .
The tools of analysis are realism , rational choice , game theory , decision theory : clinical and bloodless modes of thinking .
That approach , along with these scholars ’ long immersion in the subject , can produce some surprising observations .
In “ A Question of Command : Counterinsurgency from the Civil War to Iraq ” ( Yale ; $ 30 ) , Mark Moyar , who holds the Kim T. Adamson Chair of Insurgency and Terrorism at the Marine Corps University , tells us that , in Afghanistan , the Taliban ’s pay scale ( financed by the protection payments demanded from opium farmers ) is calibrated to be a generous multiple of the pay received by military and police personnel ( financed by U.S. aid ) ; no wonder official Afghan forces are no match for the insurgents .
Audrey Kurth Cronin , a professor of strategy at the National War College , reminds us , in “ How Terrorism Ends : Understanding the Decline and Demise of Terrorist Campaigns ” ( Princeton ; $ 29.95 ) , that one can find out about Al Qaeda ’s policy for coördinating attacks by reading a book called “ The Management of Barbarism , ” by Abu Bakr Naji , which has been available via Al Qaeda ’s online library .
( Naji advises that , if jihadis are arrested in one country after an attack , a cell elsewhere should launch an attack as a display of resilience . )
In “ Radical , Religious , and Violent : The New Economics of Terrorism ” ( M.I.T. ; $ 24.95 ) , Eli Berman traces the origins of the Taliban to a phenomenon that long preceded the birth of modern radical Islam : they are a direct descendant of the Deobandi movement , which began in nineteenth - century India in opposition to British colonial rule and , among other things , established a system of religious schools .
What is terrorism , anyway ?
The expert consensus converges on a few key traits .
Terrorists have political or ideological objectives ( the purpose ca n’t be mere profiteering ) .
They are “ non-state actors , ” not part of conventional governments .
Their intention is to intimidate an audience larger than their immediate victims , in the hope of generating widespread panic and , often , a response from the enemy so brutal that it ends up backfiring by creating sympathy for the terrorists ’ cause .
Their targets are often ordinary civilians , and , even when terrorists are trying to kill soldiers , their attacks often do n’t take place on the field of battle .
The modern age of suicide terrorism can be said to have begun with Hezbollah ’s attack , in October of 1983 , on U.S. marines who were sleeping in their barracks in Beirut .
Once you take terrorists to be rational actors , you need a theory about their rationale .
Robert Pape , a political scientist at the University of Chicago , built a database of three hundred and fifteen suicide attacks between 1980 and 2003 , and drew a resoundingly clear conclusion :
“ What nearly all suicide terrorist attacks have in common is a specific secular and strategic goal : to compel modern democracies to withdraw military forces from territory that the terrorists consider to be their homeland . ”
As he wrote in “ Dying to Win : The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism ” ( 2005 ) , what terrorists want is “ to change policy , ” often the policy of a faraway major power .
Pape asserts that “ offensive military action rarely works ” against terrorism , so , in his view , the solution to the problem of terrorism could n’t be simpler : withdraw .
Pape ’s “ nationalist theory of suicide terrorism ” applies not just to Hamas and Hezbollah but also to Al Qaeda ; its real goal , he says , is the removal of the U.S. military from the Arabian Peninsula and other Muslim countries .
Pape says that “ American military policy in the Persian Gulf was most likely the pivotal factor leading to September 11 ” ; the only effective way to prevent future Al Qaeda attacks would be for the United States to take all its forces out of the Middle East .
By contrast , Mark Moyar dismisses the idea that “ people ’s social , political , and economic grievances ” are the main cause of popular insurgencies .
He regards anti-insurgent campaigns as “ a contest between elites . ”
Of the many historical examples he offers , the best known is L. Paul Bremer ’s de-Baathification of Iraq , in the spring of 2003 , in which the entire authority structure of Iraq was disbanded at a stroke , creating a leadership cadre for a terrorist campaign against the American occupiers .
One of Moyar ’s chapters is about the uncontrollably violent American South during Reconstruction — a subject that a number of authors have turned to during the war on terror — and it demonstrates better than his chapter on Iraq the power of his theory to offend contemporary civilian sensibilities .
Rather than disempowering the former Confederates and empowering the freed slaves , Moyar says , the victorious Union should have maintained order by leaving the more coöperative elements of the slaveholding , seceding class in control .
Effective counterinsurgency , he says , entails selecting the élites you can work with and co-opting them .
In “ Talking to Terrorists : Why America Must Engage with Its Enemies ” ( Basic ; $ 26.95 ) , Mark Perry describes a little - known attempt to apply Moyar ’s model in Iraq .
The book jacket identifies Perry as “ a military , intelligence , and foreign affairs analyst and writer , ” but his writing conveys a strong impression that he has not spent his career merely watching the action from a safe seat in the bleachers .
Much of the book is devoted to a detailed description , complete with many on - the - record quotes , of a series of meetings in Amman , Jordan , in 2004 , between a group of Marine officers based in Anbar province , in western Iraq , and an Iraqi businessman named Talal al - Gaood .
Gaood , a Sunni and a former member of Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party , suggested he could broker a deal that would make the horrific , almost daily terrorist attacks in western Iraq go away .
Perry ’s tone calls to mind a Tom Clancy novel .
Tough , brave , tight - lipped officers do endless battle not just with the enemy in the field but also with cowardly , dissembling political bureaucrats in the Pentagon , the State Department , and the White House .
The crux of his story is that a promising negotiation was tragically cut short , just as it was about to bear fruit , when the key negotiator , a Marine colonel , was “ PNG ’d ” — declared persona non grata — by Washington and denied entry to Jordan .
Not long after that , Gaood died suddenly , of a heart ailment , at the age of forty - four ( according to Perry , he was so beloved that his wake had to be held in a soccer stadium ) , putting an end to any possibility of further talks .
It ’s startling to read about American military commanders in the field taking on a freelance diplomatic mission of this magnitude , and to imagine that there was a businessman in Amman who , on the right terms , could have snapped his fingers and ended what we back home thought of as pervasive , wild - eyed jihad .
What dominates the writing of experts about terrorism , however , is a more fine - grained idea of terrorists ’ motives — at the level of ethnic group , tribe , village , and even individual calculation .
Pape thinks of terrorists as being motivated by policy and strategic concerns ; Cronin , of the National War College , shares Pape ’s view that most terrorists are , essentially , terroirists — people who want control of land — but she is also attuned to their narrower , more local considerations .
The odds are against them , because of the natural forces of entropy and their lack of access to ordinary military power and other resources , but , if they do succeed , they can be counted upon to try to ascend the ladder of legitimacy , first to insurgency , then to some kind of governing status .
( Examples of that ultimate kind of success would be the Irgun and the Stern Gang , in Israel , Sinn Fein and the Provisional I.R.A. , in Northern Ireland , and the Palestine Liberation Organization , in the West Bank and Gaza . )
Cronin goes through an elaborate menu of techniques for hastening the end of a terrorist campaign .
None of them rise to the level of major policy , let alone a war on terror ; in general , the smaller their scope the more effective Cronin finds them to be .
She believes , for instance , that jailing the celebrated head of a terrorist organization is a more effective countermeasure than killing him .
( Abimael Guzmán , the head of the Shining Path , in Peru , was , after his capture in 1992 , “ displayed in a cage , in a striped uniform , recanting and asking his followers to lay down their arms . ”
That took the wind out of the Shining Path ’s sails .
A surprise ambush that martyred him might not have . )
Negotiating with terrorists — a practice usually forsworn , often done — can work in the long term , Cronin says , not because it is likely to produce a peace treaty but because it enables a state to gain intelligence about its opponents , exploit differences and hive off factions , and stall while time works its erosive wonders .
Cronin offers a confident prescription , based on her small - bore approach to terrorism , for defeating the apparently intractable Al Qaeda .
The idea is to take advantage of the group ’s highly decentralized structure by working to alienate its far - flung component parts , getting them to see their local interests as being at odds with Al Qaeda ’s global ones .
“ Bin Laden and Zawahiri have focused on exploiting and displacing the local concerns of the Chechens , the Uighurs , the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , the Salafist Group for Call and Combat in Algeria , and many others , and sought to replace them with an international agenda , ” Cronin writes .
The United States should now try to “ sever the connection between Islamism and individualized local contexts for political violence , and then address them separately . ”
It should work with these local groups , not in an effort to convert them to democracy and love of America but in order to pry them away , one by one , from Al Qaeda .
( “ Calling the al - Qaeda movement ‘ jihadi international , ’ as the Israeli intelligence services do , ” she writes , “ encourages a grouping together of disparate threats that undermines our best counterterrorism .
It is exactly the mistake we made when we lumped the Chinese and the Soviets together in the 1950s and early 1960s , calling them ‘ international Communists . ’ ” )
Eli Berman , an economist who has done field work among ultra - orthodox religious groups in Israel , is even more granular in his view of what terrorists want : he stresses the social services that terror and insurgent groups provide to their members .
Berman ’s book is an extended application to terrorism of an influential 1994 article by the economist Laurence Iannaccone , called “ Why Strict Churches Are Strong . ”
Trying to answer the question of why religious denominations that impose onerous rules and demand large sacrifices of their members seem to thrive better than those which do not , Iannaccone surmised that strict religions function as economic clubs .
They appeal to recruits in part because they are able to offer very high levels of benefits — not just spiritual ones but real services — and this involves high “ defection constraints . ”
In denominations where it ’s easy for individual members to opt out of an obligation , it is impossible to maintain such benefits .
Among the religious groups Iannaccone has written about , impediments to defection can be emotionally painful , such as expulsion or the promise of eternal damnation ; in many terrorist groups , the defection constraints reflect less abstract considerations : this - worldly torture , maiming , and murder .
Berman ’s main examples are Hamas , Hezbollah , Moqtada al - Sadr ’s Mahdi Army , in Iraq , and the Taliban , whom Berman calls “ some of the most accomplished rebels of modern times . ”
All these organizations , he points out , are effective providers of services in places where there is dire need of them .
Their members are also subject to high defection constraints , because their education and their location do n’t put them in the way of a lot of opportunity and because they know they will be treated brutally if they do defect .
Like most other terrorism experts , Berman sees no crevasse between insurgents and terrorists .
Instead , he considers them to be members of a single category he calls “ rebels , ” who use a variety of techniques , depending on the circumstances .
Suicide bombing represents merely one end of the spectrum ; its use is an indication not of the fanaticism or desperation of the individual bomber ( most suicide bombers — recall Muhammad Atta ’s professional - class background — are not miserably poor and alienated adolescent males ) but of the supremely high cohesion of the group .
Suicide bombing , Berman notes , increases when the terrorist group begins to encounter hard targets , like American military bases , that are impervious to everything else .
The Taliban used traditional guerrilla - warfare techniques when they fought the Northern Alliance in the mountains .
When their enemies became Americans and other Westerners operating from protected positions and with advanced equipment , the Taliban were more likely to resort to suicide bombing .
How else could a small group make a big impact ?
The idea of approaching terrorists as rational actors and defeating them by a cool recalibration of their incentives extends beyond the academic realm .
Its most influential published expression is General David Petraeus ’s 2006 manual “ Counterinsurgency . ”
Written in dry management - ese , punctuated by charts and tables , the manual stands as a rebuke of the excesses of Bush ’s global war on terror .
“ Soldiers and Marines are expected to be nation builders as well as warriors , ” the introduction to the manual declares .
“ They must be prepared to help reestablish institutions and local security forces and assist in rebuilding infrastructure and basic services .
They must be able to facilitate establishing local governance and the rule of law . ”
The manual ’s most famous formulation is “ clear - hold - build , ” and its heaviest emphasis is on the third of those projects ; the counterinsurgent comes across a bit like a tough but kindhearted nineteen - fifties cop , walking a beat , except that he does more multitasking .
He collects garbage , digs wells , starts schools and youth clubs , does media relations , improves the business climate .
What he does n’t do is torture , kill in revenge , or overreact .
He ’s Gandhi in I.E.D. - proof armor .
Petraeus has clearly absorbed the theory that terrorist and insurgent groups are sustained by their provision of social services .
Great swaths of the manual are devoted to elaborating ways in which counterinsurgents must compete for people ’s loyalty by providing better services in the villages and tribal encampments of the deep - rural Middle East .
It ’s hard to think of a service that the manual does n’t suggest , except maybe yoga classes .
And , like Berman , the manual is skeptical about the utility , in fighting terrorism , of big ideas about morality , policy , or even military operations .
Here ’s a representative passage :
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Water droplets collect on knots in the silk spindle
The new study has shown how spider silk captures water from the air and gathers it into jewel - like droplets .
As well probing the science of this natural phenomenon , the researchers went on to design a new material with similar properties to the spider silk .
They report in the journal Nature that copying spider silk could lead to the development of more " smart materials " .
Such materials could eventually be used as catalysts or filters to draw substances out of chemical reactions .
Jewel drops Lei Jiang , the scientist from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing , who led the research , explained how he came to study this aspect of spider silk .
" Bright pearl - like water drops hang on thin spider silk in the morning after a fog , " he said .
Up close , spider silk fibres are composed of " puffs " and " joints "
Dr Lei explained that these large drops gathered on the " knots " in a spider 's web .
" The spider silk can be several tens of micrometres in diameter , [ whereas the water drops ] can be thousands of micrometres wide , " he added .
Using a powerful electron microscope to study the spider silk , his team discovered that the silk transformed when it was wet .
At the nanoscale , spindles of spider silk are formed from " puffs " of extremely tiny fibres , or nanofibrils , connected by joints .
But when the web is in a damp , foggy atmosphere , these nanofibrils shrink , causing the bumpy silk fibres to smooth out .
This physically drives the water towards the relatively rough and bumpy knots in the spindle , where it gathers into large droplets .
Dr Randolph Lewis , a molecular biologist from the University of Wyoming , US , who studies spider silk said : " The most interesting feature of this study is that the effect is totally due to the fibres themselves . "
He pointed out that spider silk has properties that are " unmatched by any manmade material " .
" If we can learn how to match those properties we would have a ' green ' material with superior mechanical properties for a wide variety of applications , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The FDA Food Modernization Act ( S. 510 ) , also referred to as the “ Food Safety ” bill , has been modified to exempt dietary supplements from language that otherwise creates a slippery slope toward U.S. harmonization with Codex Alimentarius .
ANH - USA worked to protect the natural health community from this dangerous provision that threatened access to high quality , therapeutic supplement doses by working with key senators to modify the language , now for the second time .
The most worrisome provision of the bill initially required the Food and Drug Agency ( FDA ) to recommend that U.S. foreign trading partners harmonize with Codex .
This odd language was no doubt very intentional .
How could we recommend harmonization to other countries if we rejected it for the U.S. ?
So in effect we were committing ourselves to a much more restrictive regulatory regime for supplements .
As the Senate moved forward with the Food Safety bill , Senator Harkin ( D - IA ) , committee chair , working closely with Senator Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) , promised to see what could be done to make absolutely clear this legislation was not intended to impact our access to dietary supplements .
At that time , Senator Harkin modified the Codex provision , asking the FDA to consider “ whether and how ” to recommend U.S. foreign trading partners harmonize .
This was a very important change and a tremendous show of support from both Senators , but we were still concerned that the inclusion of Codex language in the bill could be used to support future U.S. harmonization with Codex standards on dietary supplements .
ANH - USA worked with our allies in the Senate over the past several months to include additional language providing stronger protection for supplements .
New language has now been added specifically stating , “ Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the regulation of dietary supplements . ”
The Codex Alimentarius was initially developed to establish international food safety standards and regulate ingredients of food products .
However , there is great concern that if the U.S. harmonizes with Codex standards , which are expected to follow Europe ’s increasing ban on supplements , our access to supplements will be lost and even our food standards may be compromised .
Although ANH - USA considers the new exemption a huge victory , it only applies to dietary supplements .
The U.S. is still at risk of harmonization with other Codex food standards .
ANH - USA is especially grateful to Senators Harkin and Hatch for their leadership , continued dedication to the natural health community , and most recently , their show of support protecting our supplements from Codex harmonization .
The Senate is expected to take up the Food Safety bill any day now .
As the legislative process moves forward we will keep our members up to date on our efforts and where appropriate , we ’ll ask for your help to protect supplements from increased government intrusion .
The House version of the Food Safety bill , already passed , is especially worrisome .
We will continue to make every effort , with your help , to ensure that the House version does not become law .
Share This Post
Bill Gates ' house is built into the hillside overlooking the waters of Lake Washington in the city of Medina , WA .
The property is located just outside of Seattle and is close to Redmond where Microsoft is located .
The 66,000 square foot mansion sits on 5 - acres and took over seven years to build at a cost of $ 63.2 million dollars .
The property was purchased in 1988 for $ 2,050,000 dollars , according to public records .
Taxes on the property in 2009 were $ 1.063 million dollars with a total assessed value of $ 147.5 million dollars .
Nicknamed Xanadu 2.0 ( after the Citizen Kane estate ) , Mr. Gates ' home is only partially visible from satellite imagery , as some of the compound is built directly into the side of the hill .
Only about 20 % of the home is family living space , where there are 8 bedrooms and 25 bathrooms .
It features a 2,100 square foot library , which has showcased Leonardo da Vinci 's 16th - century Codex Leicester that Mr. Gates purchased in 1994 for $ 30.8 million dollars .
There is a 1,000 square foot dining room , and an 84 step staircase that guests descend from the drop - off area on the top of the hill down to the ground floor .
You can see the large windows of his 60 foot long indoor / outdoor swimming pool that features an underwater sound system all the way from the lake ( guests can swim from the inside to the outside by swimming underneath a glass wall ) .
The property also features a 2,500 square foot gym and a 23 - car garage .
Bill Gates ' net worth is estimated to be around $ 76 billion dollars as of 2014 , according to Forbes .
This makes him the richest man in the world , having increased his net worth by $ 9 billion over the previous year , edging out Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim .
Mr. Gates has held the Forbes top spot of the world ’s richest man for 15 of the last 20 years .
Ironically , Bill dropped out of Harvard University before getting a degree .
Only a portion of Bill Gates ’ wealth comes from his Microsoft shares , which he co-founded with Paul Allen in 1976 .
The 4 % of Microsoft shares he owns account for less than one - fifth of his total net worth , according to Bloomberg .
The rest of his wealth is from his investment companies , such as Cascade Investment , which holds stakes in several railways , Berkshire Hathaway and other companies .
Bill Gates owns numerous other properties , including a ranch in Cody , WY , a house on Jupiter Island , FL , a house in Indian Wells , CA , and a house in Wellington , FL Bill Gates transitioned out of his role as Microsoft ’s CEO in 2006 , and has since dedicated a significant amount of his time and money to philanthropy through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
In 2012 , Bill and Melinda gave over $ 1.9 billion dollars to charities .
Forbes estimates Mr. and Mrs. Gates have donated at least $ 28 billion dollars over their lifetimes ; making them the top philanthropists the world has ever seen .
We just had a feeling that HP was n't going to be able to keep quiet about the Slate while the iPad hogged the limelight this weekend , and like clockwork it 's released another rendered teaser video of its Windows 7 - based tablet .
Unfortunately , the clip reveals nothing about pricing or availability ( though we have heard rumors of June ) , but there are some exciting quick demos of the Slate 's cam and video conferencing skills .
Take that , iPad !
We actually happen to be most interested in the brief glimpse you get at the touch UI -- the icon- based interface looks similar to past TouchSmart software and seems to hide Windows 7 quite well , but it 's so obviously mocked up we can't get a real sense of how it 'll work .
It looks like you will be able to hook it up to a HDTV with some sort of dock and expand the storage space through an SD card slot , all of which makes sense given that it 's running Windows .
Unfortunately , that 's really all you get , but see it all for yourself in the 30 second video after the break .
P.S. - Interestingly , the USB cable shown looks like it's from Apple , and it 's being plugged into a Slate running iTunes , presumably to demonstrate that it can sync with iPod and iPhones .
But now we 're obviously just wondering what would happen if you synced an iPad with the Slate -- explosion ?
Confusion ?
Confusion explosion ?
We 'll find out soon enough .
1 2 next »
What 's new in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS
by Christopher von Eitzen
The latest 10.04 release of Ubuntu , code named " Lucid Lynx " , includes a number of new features , updates and changes since 9.10 arrived last October .
The developers have been busy working on the Linux distribution 's new look and feel , better Ubuntu One integration , a new installer and improved hardware support .
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS has finally arrived and it includes the latest software and updates , while adding a number of new features and updating the distributions overall look .
It 's been two years since the release of Ubuntu 8.04 , the last Long Term Support ( LTS ) version of Ubuntu , and users running 8.04 – or even 9.04 and 9.10 for that matter – will definitely notice a wide range of changes and improvements .
Canonical CEO Jane Silber says that , " Ubuntu 10.04 LTS challenges the perceptions of the Linux desktop , bringing a whole new category of users to the world of Ubuntu . "
Traditionally , the LTS versions focus on optimising overall system stability and usually do n't include a lot of new features .
The LTS versions of Ubuntu , itself derived from the Debian Linux distribution , are supported for three years for the desktop releases and five years for server releases , while the standard releases are supported for 18 months of updates for both the desktop and server versions .
Support for the previous desktop version - 9.10 , expires in April 2011 .
Ubuntu's New Look
Ubuntu 's new " Light " look .
One of the first things that previous Ubuntu users will notice is the new branding and a new look in the Desktop Edition of Ubuntu 10.04 , replacing the distribution 's signature brown with a new " Light " default theme , along with an updated Ubuntu logo .
The major refresh of Ubuntu 's look and feel includes changes to the indicators , icons , wallpapers and adds two new themes – Ambiance and Radiance .
Radiance has brighter colours and a light grey task bar while the default Ambiance theme uses darker shades and a black task bar .
Another major interface change that might initially throw off some users is the location of the window management buttons .
Controversially , these buttons have been moved to the left end of the window bar and their order has been reversed as " close - minimise - maximise " .
According to a Launchpad post by Mark Shuttleworth , this will be carried through to future releases and the change was made because of plans to add new controls to the right end of bar .
Apparently the developers are going " to experiment in 10.10 with some innovative options there " .
Some users may not like the new button arrangement , but it can easily be changed by pressing Alt +F2 to open the Run Application dialogue box .
Typing in gconf - editor and , in the left side bar of the Configuration Editor , selecting Apps > Metacity >
General brings up the window button layout .
Editing the button_layout property from close , minimize , maximize : to : close , minimize , maximize will move the buttons over to the right of the Window bar as determined by the position of the colon .
More adventurous users can edit this entry to also change the button order .
Getting Social
The Me Menu in 10.04 .
One of the major themes for the 10.04 release is the inclusion of tools for interacting with social networks out - of - the - box .
Lucid Lynx 's online social networking integration connects to a number of online chat accounts , such as Google Talk , AIM , Yahoo Messenger and ICQ , and allows users to broadcast to services like Facebook and Twitter via the built - in Empathy chat client and Gwibber microblogging client .
New messages can be displayed by clicking the envelope icon in the upper menu bar and users can even change their online status – for example : available , away , invisible or offline – for multiple accounts by simply clicking their name in the menu bar to access the Me Menu , making it a one - stop shop for chat and social network accounts .
Under the hood
The latest Ubuntu release is based on the 2.6.32 Linux kernel and includes X.org 7.5 with X Server 1.7 and the latest GNOME 2.30 desktop environment , the last release before GNOME 3.0 which is scheduled for September of this year .
The open source Nouveau video driver is used by default for NVIDIA graphics hardware with KMS support for improved resolution detection and less flickering during start - up .
Three different proprietary NVIDIA drivers are also available , installable from the Administration -> Hardware Drivers menu option .
Other changes include the removal of the previously deprecated HAL package from the boot process resulting in a noticeably faster boot and resume from suspend .
( HAL is still present in the system as some applications such as the Palm Pilot Tool still make use of it ) .
Reducing the overall boot time has been a goal of every Ubuntu release so far .
In June of last year , Canonical said that it wanted to get this time down to ten seconds on the average system .
According to tests carried out by Phoronix , although the boot time for 10.04 is improved , it has n't reached its goal just yet ; the Dell Mini 9 took nearly 20 seconds to boot .
Applications
Many of the included default applications have been replaced or updated in 10.04 , such as version 3.2 of the OpenOffice.org office suite ( now branded as Oracle ) and Firefox 3.6.3 , which is configured to always show the tab bar by default .
OpenOffice 3.2 opens noticeably faster that the previous version .
The included F - Spot personal photo management application lets users organise , touch up and share their digital images and the Rythmbox Music Player is integrated for managing and playing audio files .
Package updates include MySQL 5.1 , which is the only version of MySQL available in 10.04 , version 1.92 of the popular Transmission BitTorrent client and the 2.30.0 release of the Brasero CD / DVD burning application .
A new scanning application , called Simple Scan , has been added to Ubuntu to make scanning documents even easier .
The program only includes the most necessary and used features .
Another addition is the simple GStreamer - based PiTiVi movie editor , which can trim and combine clips , add transitions and so on .
Ubuntu
One , originally introduced in 9.10 , is now more fully integrated into Ubuntu itself .
It helps users to easily sync their files , Firefox bookmarks , notes and address book entries across multiple Ubuntu installations .
In addition to syncing a single user 's information , Ubuntu One can create share folders to ease collaboration between two or more people .
Existing Ubuntu one users can enter their credentials in the Ubuntu One Preferences application .
By default , users get 2 GB of free " personal cloud storage " , however , more is available for an additional monthly fee , starting at $ 10 per month for 50 GB .
The new Ubuntu One Music Store is integrated into Rythmbox .
The new Ubuntu One Music Store , similar to iTunes on Mac and PC , is also integrated into the Rythmbox Music Player in Lucid Lynx .
Users can purchase high quality 256 kbps or higher MP3 audio files that are free of digital rights management ( DRM ) and can be played on virtually any portable device .
Currently there are a total of 5 regional stores .
The UK , US and German stores offer music from all major and independent labels , while the EU store – which servers most of the EU member countries – has fewer major label artists .
The fifth " World " store , however , only has independent music labels .
As previously announced , the Ubuntu developers have removed the former default free image editing tool GIMP ( GNU Image Manipulation Program ) because they considered it not to be " a good first experience for new users " due to its complexity .
It is , however , still available in the Software Centre under the Graphics category for easy installation if required .
Next : Software Centre , Yahoo , Installation and Looking Forward
1 2 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-982993
Cops : Man went to wrong house for ' group sex '
WEST HARTFORD --
Police say a bogus ad for group sex led to the arrest of a man who allegedly entered the wrong house and groped an 18 - year - old woman .
Richard Zeh , 29 , of Newington was responding to the Craigslist ad yesterday when he let himself into the wrong house , where the woman repeatedly asked him to leave , police said .
Zeh then went to the address in the ad , but was told to leave by residents who say they did n't place it , police said .
Zeh then went back to the woman 's house and allegedly groped her , police said .
Zeh was charged with misdemeanor sexual assault , burglary and other crimes .
He was held on $ 250,000 bail .
A woman who answered the phone at his home this morning declined to comment .
Police say they 're trying to find out who placed the ad .
Now you can get all of my new albums for a fraction of the price !
With a pledge on Patreon , you will get a subscription to my albums and pay as little as 2 dollars for each new one !
Just click and read the info and instructions on my Patreon page !
Please note : when you subscribe , you will get TEN albums of mine of your choice for free !
I called this series of albums " Classic EM " ( EM stands for Electronic Music ) because they find their origins in the classic EM of the 70's , especially that of German musicians such as Tangerine Dream , Klaus Schulze , etc .
This genre has been given many names over the years - cosmic music , krautrock , and more - but it is now generally called " Berlin School " .
Please do n't expect an imitation of the bands I mentioned above , as I obviously put into my music what comes out of my soul and even if I chose to use this form of expression I have no interest in being a clone .
So , yes , it is Berlin School , but also - and especially - my music , whether good or bad .
LINES OF ARDESIA
( 2020 )
4 tracks , min.
37.31
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release AERONAUTA
( 2020 )
2 tracks , min. 35.45
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release EXPLOPHONIA VOL 02
( 2019 )
4 tracks , min.
38.11
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release EXPLOPHONIA VOL 01
( 2019 )
3 tracks , min.
36.15
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release BODY THOUSAND
( 2019 )
3 tracks , min. 33.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
MATERIA
( 2019 )
3 tracks , min. 36.32
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release REMOVED
( 2018 )
3 tracks , min.
49.54
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SYNCHRONICAL EVENTS
( 2018 )
4 tracks , min.
36.38
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release ALTERA
( 2018 )
5 tracks , min. 38.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release LOSING CONTROL
( 2017 )
3 tracks , min. 39.13
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
FÖRA
( 2018 )
5 tracks , min.
45.23
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DELTA VISION
( 2017 )
5 tracks , min .
41.27
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release VISIBLE GALAXIES
( 2017 )
4 tracks , min.
47.03
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release TEMPORAL DISTORTION
( 2017 )
8 tracks , min .
47.08
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release BLUE 500
( 2016 )
9 tracks , min .
42.59
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
ATTIGUA
( 2016 )
2 tracks , min .
42.10
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release 1690
( 2015 )
4 tracks , min.
46.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release NOT UNLIKE ICE
( 2014 )
4 tracks , min. 44.44
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release WASTED
( 2014 )
4 tracks , min. 40.54
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE RIVER AND THE RAILROAD
( 2014 )
7 tracks , min .
41.56
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
THE ELEVENTH PLANET
( 2013 )
7 tracks , min.40.41
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FIRE ON MARS
( 2013 )
5 tracks , min.35.12
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release RADIATION
( 2013 )
5 tracks , min.41.34
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SECLUDED
( 2013 )
3 tracks , min.38.03
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE END OF AN ERA
( 2013 )
5 tracks , min.60.03
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
PLAYING FOR KEEPS
( 2012 )
2 tracks , min.39.20
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DESTROYER OF MEMORIES
( 2011 )
7 tracks , min.55.54
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release IN THE WIND
( 2011 )
6 tracks , min.51.37
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FROM OTHER PLANETS vol 01
( 2011 )
5 tracks , min.56.02
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FROM OTHER PLANETS vol 02
( 2011 )
5 tracks , min.62.10
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
FROM ALL SIDES
( 2010 )
6 tracks , min.42.50
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release STRANGE LANDS
vol 01
( 2010 )
7 tracks , min.51.17
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release STRANGE LANDS
vol 02
( 2010 )
8 tracks , min.51.14
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release GENESIS OF ALPHA NEBULA
( 2010 )
3 tracks , min.44.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
COSMIC CROSSROADS
( 2010 )
8 tracks , min.44.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release EVERYDAY LIFE
( 2009 )
6 tracks , min.48.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release AELECTROID
( 2009 )
12 tracks , min.58.13
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE SKY WAS INCREDIBLE
( 2009 )
6 tracks , min.51.03
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release ANOTHER SEASON
( 2008 )
6 tracks , min.53.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SILENT SEAS
( 2007 )
9 tracks , min.46.39
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release GREY LIGHT
( 2007 )
6 tracks , min.60.04
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release TALES OF BODIES AND SOULS
( 2006 )
11 tracks , min.
64.45
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release TALES OF BODIES AND SOULS 2
( 2006 )
11 tracks , min.64.12
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release BLACK LIGHT
( 2005 )
10 tracks , min.60.28
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
This series of albums features music that does n't fit into one genre , but freely moves through different forms of expressions without any limit - hence the definition " Just Music " .
The material you will find in these albums is sometimes harder and sometimes easier to listen to compared to my other " series " ( some albums might even be considered " commercial , " while others might be way too hard to listen to for most people ) .
Nevertheless , all these albums profoundly express my feelings and experiences , so please listen with your heart and soul fully open and with no prejudice .
I 've added a " genre " label under the album covers that - while being very broad and vague - might help you choose which albums you want to explore .
However , these labels should n't be taken too literally , as some albums fall into too many , diverse , or hazy genres .
So please think of them as " more or less this kind of music " and not as " exactly this kind of music " .
FROM THE BOAT
( 2020 )
5 tracks , min. 33.34
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electric organ , atmospheric , other UNSEEN , UNSPOKEN OF
( 2020 )
9 tracks , min.
38.26
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : synthpop , pop , 80's UNSEEN , UNSPOKEN OF - instrumental version
( 2020 )
9 tracks , min .
38.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : synthpop , pop , 80's IN A STILL SKY
( 2020 )
2 tracks , min. 40.19
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , drone , meditative
CABINET OF GALAXIES
( 2020 )
7 tracks , min.
44.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release Genre : space disco , electronic , berlin school CABINET OF GALAXIES
instrumental version
( 2020 )
7 tracks , min.
44.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release Genre : space disco , electronic , berlin school MIDNIGHT ROSE
( 2020 )
6 tracks , min.
44.52
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release Genre : electronica , relaxing , other WHERE I AM
( 2019 )
11 tracks , min .
41.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release Genre : 80's , instrumental songs , other COMPULSIVE
( 2019 )
5 tracks , min. 34.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : hypnotic , minimal , various
A MATTER OF OPINION
( 2019 )
8 tracks , min. 30.37
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : cheerful , lively , 80's REFLECTIVE
( 2019 )
4 tracks , min.
38.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , suite VERTICAL
( 2019 )
3 tracks , min .
36.08
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : suite , synth , various THE ELECTRIC MAN
( 2019 )
9 tracks , min .
41.07
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic , sequences , energy EMILIO SALGARI
( 2018 )
11 tracks , min .
41.31
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's , ethnic , various
MASKS FOR HUMANS
( 2018 )
3 tracks , min.
39.55
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic , meditative , more ...
COSMIC AVENUE
( 2018 )
6 tracks , min. 40.25
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : late 70's space disco , cosmic ...
ARTFUL
( 2018 )
10 tracks , min. 45.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic , experimental , ethnic , naive ARENT I BRIC
( 2018 )
5 tracks , min. 40.53
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : new age , electronic , Berlin school A BROKEN WORLD
( 2017 )
9 tracks , min. 34.24
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : world , ethnic , various
AURALITIES
( 2017 )
6 tracks , min .
41.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : Berlin School , ambient , space INTERSPACE
( 2017 )
3 tracks , min. 38.37
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : Berlin School , ambient , cosmic , space , synth , suite BERGET VAKNAR
( 2016 )
5 tracks , min.
42.40
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , new age EVOLVE vol 01
( 2016 )
6 tracks , min .
48.10
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : Berlin School , ambient , space EVOLVE vol 02
( 2016 )
7 tracks , min.
47.52
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : Berlin School , ambient , space
THE THIRD GALAXY
( 2016 )
9 tracks , min.
48.14
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : space rock , space music COSMO DISCO
( 2016 )
7 tracks , min. 40.27
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : disco music , space disco , space music AROUND WITH UNCLE SEM
( 2016 )
7 tracks , min.
34.27
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : instrumental , various SHADES TO LEAVE ME OUT
( 2015 )
7 tracks , min. 35.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : synthpop , 80's , vocal
ROBOTICA
( 2015 )
9 tracks , min .
42.02
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : instrumental synthpop , synth , spacey , 80's VIEWS FROM A WALK
( 2015 )
2 tracks , min .
57.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , Berlin School , suite , jazz , techno , more ...
REMOTE WAVES
( 2015 )
6 tracks , min .
51.55
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , experimental MEMOIRS vol 01
( 2015 )
6 tracks , min .
48.02
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , Berlin School , experimental , new age MEMOIRS vol 02
( 2015 )
6 tracks , min .
45.58
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , Berlin School , experimental , new age
DIM DAYLIGHT
( 2014 )
7 tracks , min.
37.34
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : cinematic , ambient , soundtrack NOT EVEN A BIKE
( 2014 )
7 tracks , min .
46.15
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's , synthpop , vocal , Berlin School THE FARTHEST PLACE
( 2014 )
4 tracks , min.
43.07
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , ethnic A FAINT SMILE
( 2014 )
8 tracks , min.
36.21
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's , synthpop , new wave , vocal
DIMMIG VÄG
( 2014 )
5 tracks , min .
46.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ambient , Berlin School IRREALITY
( 2013 )
10 tracks , min. 49.13
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs , 80's FABRIC
( 2013 )
4 tracks , min .
46.56
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : experimental , ambient , floating , contemporary PARALLEL DIMENSIONS
( 2013 )
5 tracks , min.
53.57
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : cosmic , ambient , drone , floating STILL FRAMES
( 2012 )
9 tracks , min.
36.21
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : symphonic , minimalist , experimental , more ...
CLICK
( 2012 )
9 tracks , min.
43.27
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : experimental , contemporary WEATHER CHANGES
( 2012 )
7 tracks , min .
27.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electric piano , soft A SIGH OF RELIEF
( 2012 )
5 tracks , min .
26.05
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : jazz / 60's / Space Age Pop FLIES , FLOWERS AND APES
( 2012 )
8 tracks , min.
44.14
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : vocal / Italo disco / 80's ALTERNATE FLOWERS
( 2012 )
8 tracks , min .
43.01
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : bonus material for the previous disc
LUNAR
( 2012 )
6 tracks , min.
42.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : drone / ambient / space THE VOID
( 2011 )
2 tracks , min.
37.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : drone / ambient / dark THE MIDDAY HOOK
vol 01
( 2011 )
9 tracks , min. 44.46
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more THE MIDDAY HOOK
vol 02
( 2011 )
9 tracks , min.
45.27
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more THE MIDDAY HOOK
vol 03
( 2011 )
9 tracks , min. 49.15
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more
BEYOND THE LAKE
( 2011 )
3 tracks , min.
36.34
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / suite / soft / more BLIPS
( 2011 )
8 tracks , min.
22.32
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : early electronics / experimental / retro A DIFFERENT GROUND
( 2010 )
5 tracks , min .
42.10
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic / drone / suite / more
CRYPTOPHASIA
( 2010 )
7 tracks , min .
51.20
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / suite / more AFRICAN DAYS
( 2010 )
7 tracks , min.
32.12
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : ethnic / African / percussions / more ONE MILLION SUNS
( 2010 )
11 tracks , min .
61.41
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / space / more SLEEP
( 2010 )
4 tracks , min .
51.29
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : drone / ambient / dark A DIFFERENT SKY
( 2010 )
5 tracks , min.
49.52
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic / suite
LITTLE THINGS
( 2009 )
16 tracks , min .
57.01
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : contemporary music / experimental TIME AND TIME AGAIN
( 2008 )
8 tracks , min. 49.29
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / Berlin School / electronic / more A SAFE HAVEN
( 2008 )
9 tracks , min.
47.36
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs LIFE IS STRANGE
( 2008/2011 )
10 tracks , min .
41.31
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / more A FAKE LIVE ALBUM
( 2007 )
7 tracks , min. 51.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic / Berlin School
HUMAN ELECTRICITY
( 2007 )
8 tracks , min. 50.57
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic / sequencer / space more A DECEITFUL SMILE
( 2007 )
16 tracks , min .
56.00
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / more YEARS OF A LIFETIME
( 2007 )
8 tracks , min.
47.17
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / suite / more WINTERS
( 2007 )
11 tracks , min .
60.01
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic / electronic songs / more JUSTICE
( 2007 )
16 tracks , min .
60.06
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more
THE COMET FISH
( 2006 )
14 tracks , min.53.07
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : electronic songs / piano / soft / more A DECEITFUL MIND
( 2006 )
12 tracks , min.52.06
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more A DECEITFUL HAND
( 2005 )
13 tracks , min. 54.47
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more DINING ROOM
( 2002 )
19 tracks , min .
68.57
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / more APHASIA
( 2001 )
21 tracks , min.68.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
Genre : 80's / electronic songs / jazz / more
SPACE ADVENTURES series
Because of my passion for classic science fiction films and books , I had plenty of fun making these albums , as they are a perfect soundtrack to my childlike fantasies about space and starships .
SPACESHIP DENEB
( 2004 )
9 tracks , min. 60.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SPACE STATION HAPPINESS
( 2005 )
8 tracks , min. 43.36
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SPACE CARGO ATLANTIS
( 2005 )
17 tracks , min. 52.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
If you are a fan of The Forbidden Planet and all those classic films and novels and you 've always dreamed of being a space cadet , then these albums could become the soundtrack to your own fantasies , too , so check them out :)
Living in space ...
I have so much fun with this series of albums that I have created a website for the " Space Adventures " universe !
Now you can enjoy a full immersion in this world of fantasy , so wear your silver uniform , get into your rocket , and start the countdown , the Space Adventures Universe is waiting for you HERE !
THE METALLIC PLANET
( 2006 )
13 tracks , min .
62.10
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release S.S. HAPPINESS - SPACE DIPLOMACY
( 2006 )
10 tracks , min. 50.37
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release S.C. ATLANTIS -
300 years later
( 2008 )
17 tracks , min .
58.20
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SPACE ADVENTURES : third trilogy completed !
The third trilogy is finally complete , even if it is a bit anomalous .
In fact , chapters two and three are actually vol 01 and 02 of a double album .
Space Train
Antares was in the making for so long that I eventually found myself with too much material for just a single album , so I made it a two - volume album .
OUTPOST 11
( 2009 )
8 tracks , min.
43.52
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SPACE TRAIN ANTARES voyage 01
( 2012 )
7 tracks , min.
28.36
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SPACE TRAIN ANTARES voyage 02
( 2012 )
7 tracks , min.
31.30
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SPACE ADVENTURES : the fourth trilogy
" A new Happiness " marked the beginning of the fourth trilogy in the Space Adventures universe , and now the second chapter is here , too !
Enjoy !
A NEW HAPPINESS
( 2017 )
10 tracks , min .
40.08
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release AROUND MY UNIVERSE
( 2019 )
8 tracks , min. 39.22
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SCI - FI series
" The Last City " began a series about science fiction ( more " modern " than the " Space Adventures " series and its 40's to 60's atmospheres ) back in 2007 .
It obviously stems from my passion for science fiction and each album has a story you can picture in your head while listening , if you want , as if the music was the soundtrack to the movie you create in your mind .
Sounds too retro for today 's hypertechnological , interactive , multimedia reality ?
I do n't think so , and the day imagination will be considered retro will be a very sad day indeed .
THE LAST CITY
( 2007 )
9 tracks , min.
43.11
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FUTUREBOUND
( 2013 )
9 tracks , min. 32.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FUTURE RAIN
( 2013 )
7 tracks , min.
38.16
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release ANCIENT MACHINES
( 2017 )
11 tracks , min .
42.53
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE ROAD
( 2019 )
14 tracks , min .
47.56
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
RANDOM TIME
( 2020 )
14 tracks , min. 49.59
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
I liked horror stories even as a child , but it was during the 80's that - like most teenagers - I was totally fascinated by horror .
Perhaps it 's kids ' way to get acquainted with the real horrors in life , or maybe it 's some ancestral necessity to witness what would be natural violence if we still were what we actually are and delude ourselves into thinking we 're not : beasts .
Whatever the case , horror seems to be an ingredient of most teenagers ' lives ...
It seems unavoidable to feel some fondness for the things that were part of our lives during our youth ( oh boy , I 'm beginning to speak like an old man ! ! ) , even those that were objectively cheesy .
This series of albums is a tribute to horror films ( especially those from the ' 80's ) , both the bad ones and the good ones , and it 's made for the same reason why I went to see those movies as a teenager : fun ( and some other undefinable reason ... ) !
HIDES IN THE FOG
( 2005 )
8 tracks , min.
40.05
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE PRESENCE
( 2006 )
13 tracks , min .
51.04
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release CITY OF VAMPIRES
( 2009 )
11 tracks , min.
44.34
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release UPSTAIRS
( 2012 )
16 tracks , min.
46.30
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SPECTRAL LIGHTS
( 2017 )
7 tracks , min. 20.35
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SOMEWHERE
( 2018 )
4 tracks , min. 32.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
When I was a kid and only made music for myself and a couple of very patient friends who listened to my audiocassettes , I also liked making " singles " on tape , even if my dream ( that never came true , of course ) was to release them on vinyl , the classic and awesome 45 rpm's .
Having grown so used to recording full albums , I did n't think of singles until , in 2008 , I found myself with a handful of tracks I liked but did n't fit in any of the albums I was working on .
So I collected those and a few alternate versions of album tracks on my first " single " .
I did n't plan to make it available , though , it was just for myself .
However , in 2009 I made an album of covers that , at the time of writing , I have n't been able to release due to the absurd red tape of the Italian copyright office .
That album also featured two tracks that did n't need copyright clearance , as they were covers of two wondrous tracks by E=motion ( aka Jacek Spruch from Poland ) who kindly gave me permission to record them .
I wanted these to be available , so I made a free download single for them and thought I could make the first one available , too , while I was at it .
So the " CD single series " is here , now - enjoy ! :)
MI ( single )
( 2019 )
5 tracks , min. 20.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SIRA ( single )
( 2020 )
4 tracks , min .
17.03
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release COSMIC FATE ( single )
( 2020 )
4 tracks , min .
21.09
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release L'AQUA CHE LA CRESS ( single )
( 2020 )
4 tracks , min. 20.02
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release LAND OF DREAMS ( single )
( 2019 )
5 tracks , min .
21.56
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release LJUS ( single )
( 2019 )
4 tracks , min .
12.19
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
WE ARE MOUNTAINS ( single )
( 2019 )
4 tracks , min .
17.49
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release COMPUTER FLIGHT ( single )
( 2018 )
3 tracks , min .
13.31
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release WORLD ( single )
( 2017 )
5 tracks , min.
24.55
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release STILL STANDING ( single )
( 2016 )
4 tracks , min.
21.46
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release UNPREPARED ( single )
( 2015 )
5 tracks , min. 23.23
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
SPITE
( 2015 )
5 tracks , min .
25.57
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release FALLING FROM THE STARS
( 2011 )
4 tracks , min. 20.21
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release COMETS
( 2010 )
2 tracks , min .
15.12
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release AMERICAN DREAM
( 2009 )
2 tracks , min .
12.08
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE WATCH
( 2008 )
6 tracks , min. 34.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
This is a series of collections ( or samplers , or compilations , choose the term you prefer ) aimed both at those who are not familiar with my music and want to discover it and those who know it but feel like listening to it in a different way .
Enjoy !
PLANETARIA
( 2017 )
3 tracks , min. 57.39
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release GUARDIANS OF THE BLUE vol 01
( 2017 )
8 tracks , min.
42.13
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE BLACKBIRD collection vol 01
( 2015 )
3 tracks , min. 57.43
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DYNAMIC EM collection
( 2014 )
3 tracks , min .
64.53
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
These are the albums by BIOnighT , the cosmic / electronic music duo I was one half of from 1999 to 2011 .
You can stream and / or buy them from Bandcamp .
EGOHEART
( 1999 )
6 tracks , min. 54.41
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release AFTERPOST
( 2001 )
5 tracks , min. 36.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DAYBREAK
( 2002 )
6 tracks , min. 50.19
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release SONGSWELL
( 2002 )
10 tracks , min.
55.33
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release THE ART OF FRIENDSHIP
( 2006 )
7 tracks , min.
59.37
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
THE RAIN IS OVER
( 2006 )
8 tracks , min.
55.41
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release BACK TO ORION
( 2007 )
6 tracks , min.
51.59
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DAYBREAK
( 2002 )
11 tracks , min.
56.59
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release CRYSTAL CONSTELLATION ( single )
( 2010 )
5 tracks , min.
34.09
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release DENSITY WAVES
( 2010 )
8 tracks , min.
55.29
available on Bandcamp
click on the cover for details ( opens in new window )
self - release
MOONBLADE
( 2007 )
Free download album conceived by FaGian and Mac .
Click on the cover for details .
SOLAR MISSION
( 2008 )
Album conceived and performed by Stockman and Mac
Click on the cover for details .
Released by SynG@te SEQUENCES ON REQUEST
( 2010 )
Album conceived and performed by Stockman - Mac collaborated on a track .
Click on the cover for details .
Released by SynG@te DEATH OF A SUN
( 2014 )
Album conceived and performed by Syrian - Mac collaborated on a track .
Click on the cover for details .
Released by Syrian / A Different Drum / Infacted Records GORGON STARE
( 2014 )
Album by the duo " GORGON NEBULA " ( Arpegiator , a.k.a. Brian Brylow , and Mac of BIOnighT ) .
Click on the cover for details .
THE VILLAGE
( 2015 )
Album by the band " SONIC FEDERATION " ( Phrozenlight , Thought Experiment , and Mac of BIOnighT ) .
Click on the cover for details .
ORBIT OF HOPE
( 2015 )
Album by the duo " ORBITAL PLANE " ( Ed " Shadoe 42 " Miller and Mac of BIOnighT ) .
Click on the cover for details .
VOLCANIC DRIFTS
( 2015 )
Album by Syndromeda and Mac of BIOnighT .
Click on the cover for details .
Released by SynG@te
BRYGER - single
( 2020 )
Single by Mac of BIOnighT and Jacob Holm .
Click on the cover for details .
Self - released
HNIC 's senior online reporter Tim Wharnsby dishes out the latest news , buzz and inside information from the hockey world .
Alex Ovechkin and the Washington Capitals are tops in the NHL .
(( Jim McIsaac / Getty Images ) )
Here 's a glance at the standings and how different points systems would look with three days remaining in the 2009 - 10 NHL regular season .
1 . The current standings with three days left .
Eastern Conference Pts Western Conference Pts 1 . Washington 118 1 . San Jose 111 2 . New Jersey 99 2 . Chicago 109 3 . Buffalo 98 3 . Vancouver 101 4 . Pittsburgh 99 4 . Phoenix 106 5 . Ottawa 94 5 . Los Angeles 98 6 . Boston 87 6 . Detroit 98 7 . Montreal 87 7 . Nashville 98 8 . Philadelphia 86 8 . Colorado 94 9 . NY Rangers 84 9 . Calgary 90 10 .
Atlanta 81 10 . St. Louis 87 11 . Carolina 80 11 . Anaheim 87 12 . NY Islanders 78 12 . Dallas 86 13 . Florida 76 13 . Minnesota 83 14 . Tampa Bay 76 14 .
Columbus 78 15 . Toronto 72 15 . Edmonton 60
2. Current standings if 3 - 2 - 1 points system is implemented ( three points for regulation win , two for overtime / shootout win , one for overtime / shootout loss )
Eastern Conference Pts Western Conference Pts 1 . Washington 160 1 . San Jose 154 2 . New Jersey 137 2 . Chicago 145 3 . Buffalo 132 3 . Vancouver 141 4 . Pittsburgh 132 4 . Phoenix 137 5 . Ottawa 128 5 . Detroit 131 6 . Philadelphia 121 6 . Nashville 131 7 . NY Rangers 117 7 . Los Angeles 130 8 . Boston 111 8 . Colorado 128 9 . Montreal 111 9 . Calgary 125 10 . Atlanta 109 10 .
Anaheim 119 11 . Carolina 106 11 . St. Louis 116 12 . Florida 100 12 . Dallas 114 13 .
Tampa Bay 100 13 .
Minnesota 111 14 . NY Islanders 98 14 .
Columbus 95 15 . Toronto 93 15 .
Edmonton 72
3 . The original way ( no shootouts and ties after goalless overtimes )
Eastern Conference Pts Western Conference Pts 1 . Washington 113 1 . San Jose 105 2 . Buffalo 94 2 . Chicago 100 3 . New Jersey 93 3 . Vancouver 97 4 . Pittsburgh 91 4 . Detroit 93 5 . Ottawa 89 5 . Phoenix 92 6 . Philadelphia 83 6 . Nashville 91 7 . NY Rangers 81 7 . Los Angeles 88 8 . Montreal 80 8 . Colorado 87 9 . Boston 78 9 . Calgary 87 10 . Atlanta 77 10 .
Anaheim 82 11 . Carolina 76 11 . St. Louis 80 12 . Tampa Bay 73 12 . Dallas 80 13 . NY Islanders 70 13 .
Minnesota 78 14 . Florida 70 14 .
Columbus 76 15 . Toronto 68 15 . Edmonton 53
4. Increases and decreases in point totals compared to last season
Eastern Conference +/- Western Conference +/- 1 . NY Islanders +17 1 . Phoenix +27 2 . Ottawa +11 2 . Colorado +25 3 . Washington +10 3 . Los Angeles +19 4 . Tampa Bay +10 4 . Nashville +10 5 . Buffalo +7 5 . Chicago +5 6 . Atlanta +5 6 . Dallas +3 7 . Pittsburgh Even 7 . Vancouver +1 8 . Montreal - 6 8 . Anaheim - 4 9 . New Jersey - 7 9 . St. Louis - 5 10 . Toronto - 9 10 . San Jose - 6 11 . NY Rangers - 11 11 . Minnesota - 6 12 . Philadelphia - 13 12 . Calgary - 8 13 . Florida - 16 13 . Detroit - 14 14 . Carolina - 17 14 . Columbus - 14 15 . Boston - 29 15 . Edmonton - 25
5. Records since Olympic break
Republicans will campaign on repealing Democrats ' healthcare bill this year , a member of the Senate GOP leadership said Monday .
Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn . ) , the third - ranking Senate Republican and chairman of the Senate Republican Conference , said his party would head into this year 's midterm elections with a pledge to repeal the healthcare bill before Congress .
" I think that 's exactly right , " Alexander said during an interview on Fox News when asked if Republicans would spend all of 2010 on a campaign to repeal healthcare reform .
ADVERTISEMENT
Alexander said the healthcare bill " is going to define every Democratic candidate for every public office in November and Republicans are going to try to elect the majority who'll come in here and try to provide a check and a balance to more taxes and more spending and more takeovers .
" Democrats have sought to make GOP threats to repeal healthcare reform a political issue , as well , by looking to press some evasive Republican lawmakers into committing to repealing the legislation , if it is passed .
" Once these reforms become law , Republicans who opposed it will have to look voters in the eye and pledge to repeal historic reforms which will have afforded coverage to hundreds of thousands constituents , brought down costs for families and small businesses , ended appalling insurance practices , and lowered the deficit , " Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ( DSCC ) Chairman Bob Menendez ( D - N.J. ) said in December .
Healthcare legislation still is before Congress , though , while Democrats figure out how to proceed with it , as well as whether or not they have the votes to do so .
Alexander said he's not sure what Republicans ' campaign to repeal healthcare reform would look like , but he said he was confident it would emerge .
" I do n't think I 've ever seen one , to tell you the truth , but I 'm sure it 's coming , because the American people do n't want the bill , " he said .
Paleo - Future reader Tom T. sent me an amazing collection of postcards from the dawn of the twentieth century that depict what life would be like in the year 2000 .
According to Tom the postcards were originally featured here but have since been removed .
The site claimed that the postcards were produced by Hildebrands ( a leading German chocolate company of the time ) .
This series is supported by the Marketing Profs B2B Forum , where you 'll learn the ins- and - outs of social media as part of your overall B2B marketing mix .
Register today !
Like anything else , social media marketing is easier , more efficient and more effective if the marketer has the right set of tools .
While hundreds ( if not thousands ) of tools and services exist for social media marketing , many are still primarily aimed at either consumers or B2C marketers .
Fear not B2B marketers — there are still plenty of great tools out there than can best address the unique needs of the B2B space .
We 've raided our own toolkits to come up with some of the best tools and services for B2B marketers that want to get the most out of social media .
The mac daddy of web - based CRM products has n't been afraid to embrace social media .
In the last six months , Salesforce.com has introduced a number of different solutions via its Service Cloud 2 platform for helping integrate social media with the Salesforce.com ecosystem .
One of the best applications for B2B marketers who use Salesforce.com is Salesforce for Twitter .
Do n't confuse this with Chatter , Salesforce.com 's Facebook for Business , Salesforce for Twitter will let you pull in and monitor Twitter feeds and accounts within the Salesforce.com CRM .
What makes this fantastic is that you can assign cases or leads based on a tweet directly in the CRM that can then be followed up on and monitored along with the other aspects of your work flow .
What makes social media more difficult for B2B marketers is n't that the tools can't translate from B2C to B2B — they can — it 's that many times those tools do n't integrate well with existing platforms and solutions that a B2B business might have in place .
HootSuite is a great tool not only for managing multiple Twitter accounts ( or allowing multiple users access to an account ) , but also for managing multiple social networks .
In November , HootSuite introduced support for LinkedIn and Facebook .
HootSuite also now supports WordPress blogs , which works great if you want to have a way to schedule posts and messages to multiple networks .
HootSuite also supports alerts and stats tracking .
HootSuite is free .
Billing itself as a Twitter CRM tool , CoTweet has been used by a number of big brands , including Ford and JetBlue , and it offers an easy way to manage multiple accounts and also allow multiple users to access a single account .
CoTweet also lets you monitor keywords and trends and assign updates to colleagues for follow - up , which can be great for lead - generation .
CoTweet was acquired by ExactTarget last month .
While the service is available for free , an enterprise option is available for large brands or organizations , starting at a pricey $ 1,500 a month .
SocialTALK from Syncapse is a social media workflow tool that is designed to help companies control their presence on different platforms and monitor feedback .
We covered SocialTALK when it launched in February and it remains one of a handful of services really aimed at helping businesses manage multiple social media accounts from a single dashboard .
You can create and schedule video and photo posts for Facebook , have multiple user - access levels , access multiple pages from the same dashboard and monitor incoming traffic and analytical information .
[ Disclosure : Syncapse is a Mashable sponsor ]
Social media is one of the best tools that B2B marketers can use for lead generation .
By monitoring Twitter , forums and online communities , you can seek out not only what people are saying about your client , but you can find people in need of a solution that your client or company can offer .
Radian6 is a really comprehensive monitoring tool that can scan blogs , comments , public Facebook Pages , Twitter and other sources that you feed it .
You can then get real - time updates pushed to your dashboard so that you can follow - up or reach out to a potential customer .
Radian6 can integrate with Salesforce.com , meaning you can create new contacts or leads in Salesforce directly from the Radian6 dashboard .
Spredfast is a tool that can monitor , manage and measure various social media solutions .
You can use it to manage multiple accounts or to schedule content .
Spredfast can also be used to do real - time monitoring of persistent keyword searches in search engines , RSS feeds and Twitter and Facebook streams .
It can also index relevant and competitive sites .
Spredfast also offers metric reporting and tracking so that you can better understand what methods are working best and what methods might need some tweaking .
Spredfast starts at $ 50 a month .
Social Radar is another tool that can do a real deep dive of social monitoring and analysis .
The SR Alerts package can monitor conversation fluctuations , important topics from designated influencers and sentiment analysis .
The Social Radar tool is n't cheap ( SR Alerts starts at $ 200 a month ) , but for businesses that want to monitor a lot of ground , it 's worth investigating .
truPULSE from Visible Technologies can monitor and listen to conversations surrounding certain topics or keywords from Twitter , Facebook , RSS feeds , video sites and blogs .
What 's nice about truPULSE is marketers can track the tone and perceptions of a brand amongst your brand , your product or competitors .
truPULSE can also highlight crisis and customer service issues — which is an area that B2B marketers can excel at by either fixing the situation before it gets out of hand , or use as a way to get a lead or pitch their own service or product .
Viralheat is a social media monitoring and analytics service .
It can monitor Twitter , Google Buzz , Facebook Fan Pages , the real - time web and even viral video statistics .
One area in which Viralheat differs from some other options is that it can both restrict profiles by location ( which can be huge if your B2B is local or is trying to target a certain sector or location ) and it has its own API .
Having its API means that you can make Viralheat extensible and potentially integrate it into other existing business solutions .
Sentiment analysis tools can be really helpful for B2B marketers because without context , just having a number of Twitter mentions surrounding a certain topic or brand is pretty meaningless .
Sentiment Metrics is a tool aimed at larger businesses and the enterprise but it can be useful for B2B marketers because it can monitor not only sites like Twitter , but also online forums and blogs .
While people might inquire about products or services on Twitter or Facebook , the in - depth conversations often take place in forums or on blogs .
Monitoring these areas for not only mentions but sentiment analysis can be pretty powerful .
Your Picks
B2B marketers , we want to hear from you !
Let us know what tools and services you use with social media in the comments !
Series supported by MarketingProfs B2B Forum
Drive sales and make social media work for you at Marketing Profs B2B Forum !
You ’ll learn the ins-and - outs of social media as part of your overall B2B marketing mix – from integration and engagement to measurement .
Get 1 - on - 1 access to the best and brightest B2B marketing stars who will share best practices and FREE advice !
Plus , our loyal attendees say our events are ridiculously fun , interactive and the kicker is – we have the best Freebies in the biz !
( no keychains here … FREE industry research reports & memberships — stuff to help you really drive sales in 2010 ! )
Register today !
For more business coverage , follow Mashable Business on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
Images courtesy of iStockphoto , Yuri_Arcurs , Andresr , WendellFranks
Ihr könnt doch nicht ernsthaft alle auf diesen Zirkus reinfallen !?
Habt ihr noch nie von viralem Marketing gehört ?
Apple operiert seit Jahrzehnten so .
Da " leaken " irgendwelche Details über deren Produkte , Apple simuliert dann Entrüstung und droht mit Klage , und sonnt sich im Medienzirkus .
Und ihr unterstützt das noch , indem ihr das rummailt .
Ich glaube ja , dass Apple die Hälfte der Leak - Sites selber betreibt oder von Marketingagenturen betreiben lässt .
The story about the first Penguin paperbacks may be apocryphal , but it is a good one .
In 1935 , Allen Lane , chairman of the eminent British publishing house Bodley Head , spent a weekend in the country with Agatha Christie .
Bodley Head , like many other publishers , was faring poorly during the Depression , and Lane was worrying about how to keep the business afloat .
While he was in Exeter station waiting for his train back to London , he browsed shops looking for something good to read .
He struck out .
All he could find were trendy magazines and junky pulp fiction .
And then he had a “ Eureka ! ” moment :
What if quality books were available at places like train stations and sold for reasonable prices — the price of a pack of cigarettes , say ?
Lane went back to Bodley Head and proposed a new imprint to do just that .
Bodley Head did not want to finance his endeavor , so Lane used his own capital .
He called his new house Penguin , apparently upon the suggestion of a secretary , and sent a young colleague to the zoo to sketch the bird .
He then acquired the rights to ten reprints of serious literary titles and went knocking on non-bookstore doors .
When Woolworth ’s placed an order for 63,500 copies , Lane realized he had a viable financial model .
Lane ’s paperbacks were cheap .
They cost two and a half pence , the same as ten cigarettes , the publisher touted .
Volume was key to profitability ; Penguin had to sell 17,000 copies of each book to break even .
The first ten Penguin titles , including The Mysterious Affair at Styles by Agatha Christie , A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway and The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club by Dorothy Sayers , were wildly successful , and after just one year in existence , Penguin had sold over three million copies .
Penguin ’s graphic design played a large part in the company ’s success .
Unlike other publishers , whose covers emphasized the title and author of the book , Penguin emphasized the brand .
The covers contained simple , clean fonts , color - coding ( orange for fiction , dark blue for biography ) and that cute , recognizable bird .
The look helped gain headlines .
The Sunday Referee declared “ the production is magnificent ” and novelist J. B. Priestley raved about the “ perfect marvels of beauty and cheapness . ”
Other publishing houses followed Penguin ’s lead ; one , Hutchinson , launched a line called Toucan Books .
With its quality fare and fine design , Penguin revolutionized paperback publishing , but these were not the first soft - cover books .
The Venetian printer and publisher Aldus Manutius had tried unsuccessfully to publish some in the 16th century , and dime novels , or “ penny dreadfuls ” –lurid romances published in double columns and considered trashy by the respectable houses , were sold in Britain before the Penguins .
Until Penguin , quality books , and books whose ink did not stain one 's hands , were available only in hardcover .
In 1937 , Penguin expanded , adding a nonfiction imprint called Pelican , and publishing original titles .
Pelican ’s first original nonfiction title was George Bernard Shaw ’s The Intelligent Woman ’s Guide to Socialism , Capitalism , Sovietism & Fascism .
It also published left - leaning Penguin Specials such as Why Britain Is at War and What Hitler Wants that sold widely .
As these titles reveal , Penguin played a role in politics as well as in literature and design , and its left - leaning stance figured into Britain ’s war and postwar efforts .
After the Labour Party came to office in 1945 , one of the party leaders declared that the accessibility of left - leaning reading during the war helped his party succeed : “ After the WEA [ Workers ’ Educational Association ] it was Lane and his Penguins which did most to get us into office at the end of the war . ”
The ousted Conservative Party opened an exhibition on the unfortunate spread of Socialism and included photographs of those responsible , including one of Lane .
During World War II , Penguins , which were small enough to be stowed in the pocket of a uniform , were carried by soldiers , and they were chosen for the Services Central and the Forces Book Clubs .
In 1940 , Lane launched an imprint for youngsters , Puffin Picture Books , which children facing evacuation could carry with them to their new , uncertain homes .
During the times of paper rationing , Penguin fared better than its competitors , and the books ’ simple design allowed Penguin to easily accommodate the typographic restrictions .
Author and professor Richard Hoggart , who served in the war , noted that the books “ became a signal : if the back trouser pocket bulged in that way that usually indicated a reader . ”
They were also carried in the bag in which gas masks were carried and above the left knee of battle dress .
The United States adopted the Penguin model in 1938 with the creation of Pocket Books .
The first Pocket Book title was The Good Earth by Pearl Buck , and it was sold in Macy ’s .
Unlike Penguin , Pocket Books were lavishly illustrated with bright covers .
Other U.S. paperback companies followed Pocket ’s lead , and like Penguin , the books were carried by soldiers .
One soldier , who had been shot and was waiting in a foxhole for help , “ spent the hours before help came reading Willa Cather ’s Death Comes for the Archbishop , the Saturday Evening Post reported in 1945 .
“ He grabbed it the day before under the delusion that it was a murder mystery , but he discovered , to his amazement , that he liked it anyway . ”
Avon , Dell , Ace and Harlequin published genre fiction and new literary titles , including novels by Henry Miller and John Steinbeck .
Allen Lane stated that he “ believed in the existence …of a vast reading public for intelligent books at a low price , and staked everything on it . ”
Seventy - five years later , we find ourselves in a situation not unlike Lane ’s in 1935 .
Publishers are facing plummeting sales , and many are attempting to launch new models , chasing the dream to be the next Penguin .
New e-readers have been unveiled recently , including the iPad , Kindle and Nook .
Digital editions are cheaper than paperbacks — you can buy the latest literary fiction for $ 9.99 — but they come with a hefty start - up price .
The basic iPad costs $ 499 , and the two versions of the Kindle are priced at $ 259 and $ 489 .
Not exactly the price of a pack of cigarettes — or , to use a healthier analogy , a pack of gum .
Correction :
The original version of this story incorrectly stated the cost of Penguin paperbacks .
It was two and a half pence , not six pence .
Dynamic Programming Practice Problems
This site contains an old collection of practice dynamic programming problems and their animated solutions that I put together many years ago while serving as a TA for the undergraduate algorithms course at MIT .
I am keeping it around since it seems to have attracted a reasonable following on the web .
Eventually , this animated material will be updated and incorporated into an algorithms textbook I am writing .
-- Brian Dean
To view the solution to one of the problems below , click on its title .
To view the solutions , you 'll need a machine which can view Macromedia Flash animations and which has audio output .
I have also included a short review animation on how to solve the integer knapsack problem ( with multiple copies of items allowed ) using dynamic programming .
Problems :
Who embodies the American woman and her style today ?
This story first appeared in the April 28 , 2010 issue of WWD .
Subscribe Today .
Is it Michelle Obama , whose mix of high and low gives a whole new meaning to the idea of fashion democracy ?
Or Sandra Bullock , America ’s sweetheart , who everyone seems to be rooting for these days given her husband Jesse James ’ much - publicized travails ?
Some may consider Scarlett Johansson , whom many deem the modern incarnation of the Screen Siren , while others would name reality television “ starlet ” Heidi Montag , with her penchant for surgical enhancements , as the new American ideal .
These women may seem a far cry from what the fashion flock considers quintessentially American — a notion more typically linked to the concept of American sportswear and its easy spirit that comes through in looks ranging from Arnold Scaasi to Halston in “ High Style : Masterworks from the Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection at The Metropolitan Museum of Art , ” the book that accompanies the Costume Institute ’s “ American Woman : Fashioning a National Identity ” exhibit .
As the Costume Institute prepares to unveil its spring exhibit next week , the female face of America will almost certainly become a key topic of conversation , particularly among fashion types looking to pinpoint just what American style is and how it has evolved since the 1890s Gibson Girl , who serves as the starting point for the exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
“ The American style has absolutely cultivated itself , ” said Donna Karan , who herself , with her iconic seven easy pieces , has come to define one facet of it .
“ You see this effortlessness of individuality and comfort , which I think comes from the legacy of the blue jeans .
When you think of America , you think of T - shirts and blue jeans . ”
Ralph Lauren said American style is “ really about living .
Though there is elegance and sophistication to American style , its signature is in its casual and varied attitude .
It ’s less studied , more natural , more about life and less about fashion . ”
Vera Wang echoed those sentiments .
“ It is a certain confidence , sense of cool , sense of casual , and sense of effortlessness , ” she said .
“ It has obviously evolved but , in Paris , a lot of fashion was dictated by the designers .
American women like comfort , they like freedom , and they do n’t like to be dictated to .
They were never fenced in by their history for as long as the French , the Germans and the Italians .
We also developed a culture of celebrity , which in Europe were the designers , but in America were the icons , like Jackie Kennedy , Babe Paley , the Cushing sisters , Grace Kelly and even athletes , like Dorothy Hamill and her wedge haircut . ”
Diversity has always been a defining feature of the U.S. , and the Met exhibit is likely to drive that message home with a journey through different female archetypes that ultimately serve to lay the foundations for the individualistic and relaxed , casual attitude most consider quintessentially American today .
The show will feature about 80 looks from the Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection , which was transferred to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in January 2009 .
There will be six , purpose - built circular galleries that set the stage for different American archetypes since 1890 : The “ Gibson Girl , ” the “ Bohemian , ” the “ Suffragist ” and “ Patriot , ” “ Flappers , ” the “ Screen Siren , ” and , finally , a look at the faces of American women from the 1890s through now .
In each case , fashion played an integral role in shaping their identity , and designers whose works are in the exhibition include Charles Frederick Worth , Chanel , Callot Soeurs , Charles James , Jeanne Lanvin , Jessie Franklin Turner and Madeleine Vionnet .
Costume Institute curator Andrew Bolton cited the Gibson Girl — Charles Dana Gibson ’s illustrations of turn - of - the - 20th century beauties that captured the independent , athletic American woman — as the first ideal of beauty to emerge here .
“ Prior to that , American women were still following Europe considerably , even in terms of their modes and manners , ” Bolton said .
“ The Gibson girl was the first mass media archetype of the American woman , and in a way , she was the first to challenge European dominance of accepted standards of style and beauty .
She was considered liberated and emancipated woman , at least physically , which is still associated with the American woman today . ”
Media played a key role in crystallizing the ideals of the American woman , and where once Gibson created his version through sketches for magazines , Hollywood later became a key communicator of the identity , albeit in a hyper - glamorized way .
“ We started exporting this idea of the Hollywood screen actress , which showed the lifestyle of an American , ” said Patrick Robinson , executive vice president of design at Gap Inc. , which is underwriting the exhibit .
“ The fashion was liberating for a lot of women , it was optimistic , it was beautiful , and I think it started showing the world a different idea of America . ”
Robinson , who earlier in his career lived in Paris and Milan , said he can spot an American woman from a mile away , “ because they smile , which the rest of the world does n’t always do .
There is that sense of optimism in America in the way that Americans embrace life and embrace dress , no matter if you are a rocker or a teacher .
We embrace it and want to wear it as a badge of honor . ”
In the Fifties , Hollywood also played a key role in exporting the American lifestyle , and women around the world have gleaned their fashions from the movies .
Transatlantic stylistic differences have eroded even more so over the past decade as a result of globalization and technology .
“ If someone falls in love with a handbag or a jacket in London , chances are she is falling in love with it in Los Angeles , in Seoul and in Munich , ” Michael Kors said .
“ Because of the Internet , she does n’t have to send out smoke signals to her friends anymore about what ’s the hottest thing in town .
She gets the information even without leaving the house .
“ The reality is you walk down Avenue Montaigne and people are wearing sportswear and ballet slippers , ” Kors added .
“ The idea of a French woman gussied up with a poodle is from another time . ”
That said , Kors agreed American women still approach their fashion with a sportier , on - the - go approach and without fear of breaking fashion rules .
“ I look at pictures of my grandmother when she was a teenager , ” Kors said .
“ Her parents were immigrants and had old - fashioned European ways , and there she is with bobbed hair , a cigarette , no bra and a shift .
If they had n’t left Europe , there is no chance she would be willing to break the rules that way . ”
To Kors , there is n’t just one type of woman who embodies America , but many .
“ To the world , Jennifer Aniston is the quintessential American girl , ” he said .
“ Her hair is undone , she is tanned and athletic .
Then you could go the opposite way and have someone like Chloë Sevigny , a girl who subverts American style .
It has always been a cast of characters .
“ Think about the Thirties and how , in one decade , you could have Jean Harlow and Katharine Hepburn .
There could n’t be more polar opposites .
Today , we have bombshells and tomboys , and they are both part of the American vernacular , ” Kors said .
Not everyone , however , sings the praises of more recent iterations of the American female ideal .
Barneys New York creative director Simon Doonan said that an excessively sexy archetype currently dominates the American cultural scene , driven by the national obsession with plastic surgery and surgical enhancements of body parts .
He is n’t too fond of the development .
“ It ’s not a great moment for the American woman right now because of this macrofocus on hypersexuality , ” Doonan said , adding the current embodiment is “ probably unfortunately someone like Heidi Montag .
I do n’t know how well it serves women , when you think about the world of breast implants , and fake hair and fake tans and fake everything that are a dominant feature of our culture right now .
Maybe now is a great time to reflect on the more nuanced archetypes in history .
“ Thank god it is balanced out with more thoughtful icons like Michelle Obama , ” Doonan added .
Bolton at the Costume Institute sees Sarah Jessica Parker fulfill the American ideal .
“ She is such a style icon , but apart from that , she is very adaptable in terms of the clothes she wears , ” Bolton said .
“ She is somebody who costumes herself into roles .
When you think of Sarah Jessica Parker , you almost think of a flapper , because she has this remarkable joie de vivre about her .
Michelle Obama represents this idea of a democratic way of dressing high and low and is a contemporary patriot or suffragist .
Chloë Sevigny may be a Bohemian , and Scarlett Johansson the Screen Siren . ”
Robinson at Gap graciously agreed the First Lady embodies the ideal perfectly today — even if she does wear more J. Crew than Gap .
“ She always seems very comfortable in her skin , ” he said .
“ It looks like she is dressing for herself .
She can dress up , but has that attitude of casualness .
To have a First Lady dress the way she does shows that this is something that we still are as a country . ”
[ / caption ]
Note :
To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 13 mission , for the next 13 days , Universe Today will feature “ 13 Things That Saved Apollo 13 , ” discussing different turning points of the mission with NASA engineer Jerry Woodfill .
Click here for our preview article .
Oxygen Tank two in the Apollo 13 Service Module exploded at Mission Elapsed Time ( MET ) 55 hours and 55 minutes , 321,860 kilometers ( 199,990 miles ) away from Earth .
If the tank was going to rupture and the crew was going to survive the ordeal , the explosion could n’t have happened at a better time .
“ Not everyone agrees with all the things I ’ve come up with in my research , ” said NASA engineer Jerry Woodfill who has studied the Apollo 13 mission in intricate detail , “ but pretty much everyone agrees on this , including Jim Lovell .
The timing of when the explosion happened was key .
Much earlier or later in the mission would have prevented a successful rescue . ”
If the explosion happened earlier ( and assuming it would have occurred after Apollo 13 left Earth orbit ) , the distance and time to get back to Earth would have been so great that there would n’t have been sufficient power , water and oxygen for the crew to survive .
Had it happened much later , perhaps after astronauts Jim Lovell and Fred Haise had already descended to the lunar surface , there would not have been the opportunity to use the lunar lander as a lifeboat .
But looking at why the explosion happened when it did shows how fortuitous the timing ended up to be .
The explosion occurred when Jack Swigert flipped a switch to conduct a “ stir ” of the O2 tank .
The Teflon insulation on the wires to the stirrer motor in O2 tank 2 had unknowingly been damaged because the manufacturer failed to update the heater design for 65 volt operation , and the tank overheated during a pre-flight test , melting the insulation .
The damaged wires shorted out and the insulation ignited .
The resulting fire rapidly increased pressure beyond its nominal 1,000 psi ( 7 MPa ) limit and either the tank or the tank dome failed .
The O2 tanks were stirred in order to get an accurate reading on the gauging systems , as the cryogenic oxygen tends to solidify in the tanks , and stirring allows for a more accurate reading on the quantity of O2 remaining in the tank .
But this was not the first time the crew had been ordered to stir the tank .
It was the fifth time during the mission .
And most interestingly , the tanks normally were stirred approximately once every 24 hours .
So , why was it stirred that often ?
In what Woodfill said was a problem unrelated to what caused the explosion , the quantity sensor or gauge was not working correctly on O2 tank 2 .
The EECOM ( Electrical Environmental and Consumables ) flight controller in Houston discovered that the quantity sensor was not reading accurately , and because of that Mission Control asked the astronauts to perform additional actuations of the stirrer to try and troubleshoot why the sensor was n’t working correctly .
So , it took five actuations until the short circuit and the resulting fire and explosion occurred .
If the gauge had been working correctly and the normal stirring of the tank had been done , that would have put the time of the fifth stirring after Lovell and Haise had departed for the lunar surface , and the rescue scenario that ultimately was carried out could n’t have happened .
“ Check the arithmetic , ” said Woodfill .
“ Five actuations at 24 hour periods amounts to a MET of 120 hours .
The lunar lander would have departed for the Moon at 103.5 hours into the mission .
At 120 hours into the mission , the crew of Lovell and Haise would have been awakened from their sleep period , having completed their first moon walk eight hours before .
They would receive an urgent call from Jack Swigert and / or Mission Control that something was amiss with the mother ship orbiting the Moon . ”
Who knows what would have happened to the crew ?
The fuel cells required the liquid oxygen tanks .
This meant no production of electrical power , water and oxygen .
The attached lunar lander had to be available .
Likely , the two ships could n’t even have docked back together .
And what if the accident had happened behind the Moon without mission control ’s help ?
Alone in the Command module , Swigert would have had difficulty analyzing the problem .
Without a fueled lunar lander descent stage attached , lacking its consumables and engines as well as the needed battery power , water and oxygen , the crippled Command Module could not have returned to Earth with live astronaut (s ) .
Not only would Lovell and Haise have perished but Swigert ’s fate would have been the same .
Even if the damaged Service Module ’s engine had worked , no fuel cells meant the ship would die .
The situation that the Apollo 13 crew actually faced was dire , but the alternative scenario would certainly have been fatal .
Woodfill contends that the quantity sensor malfunction assured the lunar lander would be present and fully fueled at the time of the disaster .
It was an extremely fortuitous event .
Had it not occurred , the timing of the explosion would have been far different and the crew would have perished .
Additional Articles from the “ 13 Things That Saved Apollo 13 ” series that have now been posted :
Introduction
Part 2 : The Hatch That Would n’t Close
Part 3 : Charlie Duke ’s Measles
Part 4 : Using the LM for Propulsion
Part 5 : Unexplained Shutdown of the Saturn V Center Engine
Part 6 : Navigating by Earth ’s Terminator
Part 7 : The Apollo 1 Fire
Part 8 : The Command Module Was n’t Severed
Part 9 : Position of the Tanks
Part 10 : Duct Tape
Part 11 : A Hollywood Movie
Part 12 : Lunar Orbit Rendezvous
Part 13 : The Mission Operations Team
Also :
Your Questions about Apollo 13 Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( Part 1 )
More Reader Questions about Apollo 13 Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( part 2 )
Final Round of Apollo 13 Questions Answered by Jerry Woodfill ( part 3 )
Never Before Published Images of Apollo 13 ’s Recovery
Listen to an interview of Jerry Woodfill on the 365 Days of Astronomy podcast .
As a spin - off from looking at Mann of Oak proxies , I did ( what I regard ) as a pretty bit of decoding of some measurement data in the Climategate documents .
The Climategate directory documents / briffa - treering - external / stepan / contains a large number of tree ring measurement files dated July 1996 ( with the characteristic suffix .rwl ) with 3 - character labels ,
“ ala ” “ all ” “ and ” “ ary ” “ aya ” “ bat ” …
Interesting as the data might be , it ’s hard to do much with it without a lexicon providing locations – and there is n’t such a lexicon in the briffa - treering - external files .
I browsed through the MBH98 proxy rosters when I was looking for oak chronologies , which reminded me that MBH98 had used a network of 61 Vaganov chronologies .
No measurement data was available .
I ’d downloaded Vaganov chronologies from Mann ’s University of Virginia website in November 1993 when it was temporarily online .
( Shortly afterwards , Mann told Jones in a Climategate email that Scott[ Rutherford ] had messed up “ big - time ” in what he had left on the FTP site . )
I remembered that there had been a file in the MBH98 FTP site that had contained lat - longs for the Vaganov network , which had also had 3 - character IDs .
( The file is once again available in the Climategate documents – look for TREE / VAGABOV / ORIG / sib.dat in mbh98-osborn.zip . )
The file sib.dat had 61 entries .
They proved to be a perfect match to the *.rwl files at documents / briffa - treering - external / stepan / .
This little bit of detective work yielded previously unavailable measurement data for MBH98 ( measurement data that Mann might not have had access to . )
Of particular interest to me were the data sets in the Yamal area :
V1 V2 V3 V4
1 26 SOB 65.46 66.48
2 27 SOP 65.46 66.48
3 1 SCH 69.17 66.49
4 2 KHA 69.50 67.12
5 3 KHD 69.54 67.07
6 4 JAH 70.58 67.25
7 5 NID 71.40 66.13
…
Here there is a little additional information from an email in the Climategate documents ( documents /briffa-treering - external/ecat/yam9610/ymiss.dat ) dated Dec 10 , 1996 which stated :
1 . As regards individual ring width data of living trees from
Yamal we would remind you that you have them .
Stepan gave to you
in England one diskette .
There are data for Larix sibirica from
three sites ( KHA – from Khadyta river , 67 12 ’N 69 50 ’E ; JAH –
from Yahody river 67 07 ’N 69 54 ’E and POR – from Portsa river
67 27 ’N 71 00’E ) and for Picea obovata from two points ( SCH –
Shtshutshya river 66 49 ’N 69 50 ’E and KHD – from Khadyta river
67 07 ’N 69 54 ’E ) .
Many CA readers will recall Khadyta River as the Schweingruber site that occasioned considerable controversy in October 2009 just before Climategate ( the Oxburgh “ report ” included Briffa ’s online response in its bibliography , but did not discuss any particulars . )
The JAH and POR sites were also discussed at the time .
( Note that the YAD site – the one with the Dos Equis tree – is not mentioned in the above email . )
The Vaganov version of Khadyta River larch ( KHA ) included some ( but not all ) of the Schweingruber cores – the cores that Gavin Schmidt had accused me of finding randomly on the internet .
I did a quick RCS - emulation on the four Yamal measurement data sets in the Vagnov network , shown below .
The first three Yamal data sets ( kha , khd , sch – one larch and two spruce ) have very pronounced divergence problems and all have late 20th century values below the average of the last few centuries .
( Even though JAH has an upward trend over the past few centuries and closes above the average of the last few centuries , it also has a divergence problem with the last half 20th being somewhat lower than first half 20th . )
Figure 1 . Four Yamal Chronologies from Climategate Documents
CA readers may also recall that , unlike the above chronologies , Briffa ’s Yamal chronology has a pronounced HS shape .
The figure below show Yamal as it contributes to Kaufman et al 2009 – where it closes at a remarkable 6 sigma .
Another accessible version is in the AR4 spaghetti graph that Overpeck ( a Kaufman coauthor ) included as part of his efforts to deal a “ mortal blow ” to the myth of an MWP .
The difference between the decline observed in the large - population Schweingruber network and the opposite behavior in Briffa ’s Yamal chronology has always been a big problem for me .
If most ( or even a number of ) chronologies in the area decline , then any competent analyst would inquire into the reliability of a chronology showing opposite behavior .
It ’s very disappointing that David Hand did n’t assess the problem .
It would really be much healthier if inquiries actually inquired into the problems that are at issue .
Family
Safe is the one stop shop for parental control and safety solutions for families .
Parents who are concerned about the profanity , promiscuity , and violence in today ’s media and entertainment will find solutions here .
Profanity Filtering | TV & Video Game Time
Power Locks | TV - B - Gone | Internet Filtering
Face Masks
We have face masks that are great for kids and adults .
Perfect for daily use .
They are breathable , washable , and reusable face mask available in elastic ear loops to stretch and secure behind the ears or tie - back .
Screen Time is Out of Control
Digital media exposure for children of all ages should be limited , according to new guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics .
You probably wo n’t be surprised to hear that a new report found that teens and tweens spend a lot of time watching TV , videos and movies , playing video games , reading , listening to music and checking social media , but you might be shocked by just how much time .
On any given day , teens in the United States spend about nine hours using media for their enjoyment , according to the report by Common Sense Media .
Limit Time
We can show you how to limit the time your children spend watching TV , playing video games or on the computer .
Put an end to the couch potatoes .
You set the limits and give your children the power to choose when they use their allowance .
The TV Timer BOB has been the leading electronic timer for over 10 years .
Children ’s Access to Pornography is on the Rise
42 % of Internet users ages 10 to 17 said they viewed porn online in the past 12 months .
But 66 % of those who said they saw porn online said they were n’t looking for it and saw it accidentally , according to a study by the University of New Hampshire and published in Pediatrics .
Filtering the Internet is Easier Than Ever
Filter every Internet - enabled device in your house by plugging in one device .
Easy to install with user and device - level control .
Do n’t rely on your bypass - able software program only on the ‘ kids ’ computer .
One solution covers every computer , gaming device and smartphone in our out of your home .
Start providing complete protection for your family .
Profanity on TV is UP 69 %
After only four months an appeals court struck down the Federal Communications Commission ’s broadcast standards , a new study shows that profanity on broadcast television has risen nearly 70 percent in the past five years .
The study by the Parents Television Council reported that harsher profanities are now being used , and it added that the “ greatest increase in the use of the harshest profanities ” took place during the 8 p .m.
Eastern period — often known as the “ family hour ” — and at 9 p.m. Eastern .
Limit Foul Language Exposure
The TVGuardian Foul Language Filter acts like a smart remote control .
It mutes the sound when it detects profanity .
The TV Guardian filters profanity from your TV , DVD , Satellite , and Cable , While You Watch !
20 % of Our Children Have Hearing Loss
Hearing loss in teenagers is about 30 percent higher now than it was in the 1980 ’s and 1990 ’s , according to a new study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The study showed that one in five teens , about 6.5 million individuals , have some form of hearing loss .
The finding came as a surprise to researchers , according to Science News .
They expected to see a drop in rates of hearing loss , thanks to widespread warnings about the risks posed by listening to loud music and to wider use of vaccines that prevent certain ear infections that can lead to hearing loss .
Volume Limiting Headphones
Children are listening to music at higher volumes than previous generations .
Use our sound limiting technology to protect your children ’s ears from loud DVD players , music players , and tablets .
You may not know when they turn it up .
Rest assured that they will be protected .
We have solutions for all types of headphones .
How is Your Teen Driving ?
The risk of motor vehicle crashes is higher among 16 - 19 - year - olds than among any other age group .
In fact , per mile driven , teen drivers ages 16 to 19 are nearly three times more likely than drivers aged 20 and older to be in a fatal crash . *
Black Box For Your Car
Are you a parent of a teen driver ?
Use the CarChip to help monitor how your car is being driven .
More Tools For Your Family
Power Plug Locks help protect your children from harmful equipment or help manage the consumption of TV , video games and computer time .
TV - B - Gone – Gimmick or Tool ?
We live in a world with too many TVs !
Just point and click the TV - B - Gone and turn OFF any TV .
For fun or to stop the insanity .
Toy or tool ?
Security and Surveillance
Advancements in home security and surveillance make it easier for everyday people to protect their family , home , office , and belongings without destroying their budget .
On March 25 , 2010 , the Vermont House of Representatives adopted a series of amendments to H.783 , “ An Act Relating to Miscellaneous Tax Provisions . ”
One of the amendments crafted by their Ways and Means Committee directed Vermont ’s 6 percent sales tax to be applied to the sale of dietary supplements .
Previously , supplements — like food — were exempt from the state ’s sales tax .
The tax bill , which passed in the Vermont House , now awaits a vote in the State Senate Finance Committee this week .
Wasting no time , local activists have let their legislators know that there will be a fight over implementing this new tax on dietary supplements .
This past week , dozens of local organizations mobilized to defeat what they call the “ vitamin tax . ”
“ Taxing dietary supplements is contrary to good public - health policy , ” said Dolly Fleming , representing the Council of Vermont Elders .
“ The vitamin tax is a step backward in making healthcare more affordable , ” said Jill Krowinski , director of communications for Planned Parenthood of Northern New England .
The chairwoman of the Senate Finance Committee , Ann Cummings , apparently got the message and recently stated on local television that “ there is n’t a lot of traction in my committee or the Senate for a vitamin tax . ”
Even Vermont ’s Gov. Jim Douglas weighed in on the issue , saying he sees no logic in the proposal .
“ I do n’t support any new taxes , ” Douglas declared .
ANH - USA is working to make sure that Vermont ’s legislators listen to their constituents and commonsense .
Share This Post
The Solar Dynamics Observatory - A “ Hubble Telescope ” for the Sun Posted by Steven Goodheart on April 21 , 2010 · Leave a Comment
You wo n’t want to miss these fantastic solar images from the new Solar Dynamics Observatory .
The movies at the NASA Science News site are simply incredible , and well - worth the download time !
At a press conference today in Washington DC , researchers unveiled “ First Light ” images from NASA ’s Solar Dynamics Observatory , a space telescope designed to study the sun .
“ SDO is working beautifully , ” reports project scientist Dean Pesnell of the Goddard Space Flight Center .
“ This is even better than we could have dreamed . ”
“ We ’ve seen solar prominences before — but never quite like this , ” says Alan Title of Lockheed Martin , principal investigator of the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly ( AIA ) , the observatory ’s main telescope array .
“ Some of my colleagues say they ’ve learned new things about prominences just by watching this one movie . ”
SDO is the first mission of NASA ’s Living with a Star ( LWS ) program .
The goal of LWS is to understand the sun as a magnetic variable star and to measure its impact on life and society on Earth .
Program scientist Lika Guhathakurta of NASA headquarters envisions big things for the new observatory : “ SDO is our ‘ Hubble for the sun ’ , ” she says .
“ It promises to transform solar physics in the same way the Hubble Space Telescope has transformed astronomy and cosmology . ”
To see stunning QuickTime movies go to :
First Light for the Solar Dynamics Observatory
To learn more about the Solar Dynamics Observatory , go here :
http://sdo.gsfc.nasa.gov/
http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/05feb_sdo/
♥♥♥
DUI Attorney Salt Lake City
Work With An Attorney Who Will Prioritize Your Rights .
Period .
Daniel Matern & David Paul
White of Counsel has been representing individuals in difficult criminal law matters for more than 25 years .
This experience as a Salt Lake City criminal defense lawyer has given our law firm an unmatched ability to take on even the most unique criminal law cases with thorough investigations , strategic defense and an awareness of how our clients are most likely to get favorable results in a case .
When you contact our office , you will be able to gain an understanding of the charges brought against you as you work directly with your attorney , David Paul White .
We do not pass off cases to associates or paralegals .
Instead , our clients benefit from open communication and dedicated defense in every case .
IT IS that time of year again , when the cherry trees are blooming and Americans are stuck indoors wrestling with their taxes .
Forget , for a moment , whether marginal rates are too high or too low .
The most serious problem facing taxpayers is complexity , says Nina Olson , who is the national taxpayer advocate — the head of a watchdog service created by Congress in 1996 and ignored ever since .
The federal tax code , which was 400 pages long in 1913 , has swollen to about 70,000 .
Americans now spend 7.6 billion hours a year grappling with an incomprehensible tangle of deductions , loopholes and arcane reporting requirements .
That is the equivalent of 3.8 m skilled workers toiling full - time , year - round , just to handle the paperwork .
By this measure , the tax - compliance industry is six times larger than car - making .
Every year , the national taxpayer advocate issues a report begging Congress to simplify the system .
In her most recent one , published on December 31st , Ms Olson frets that she is repeating herself .
She refers Congress to what she said the previous year .
An incredible 82 % of taxpayers are so flummoxed that they pay for help .
Some 60 % hire an accountant or tax preparer , while another 22 % use tax software .
She might have added that even the head of the Internal Revenue Service , Douglas Shulman , gets someone else to do his taxes .
President Barack Obama says he wants to simplify the tax code .
But he has just added a ton of health - care - related provisions to the system .
And even if he were zealous about simplification , he would find it hard .
Every wrinkle in the tax code represents a favour to some group .
It could be a small group , such as loggers , or a huge one , such as homeowners .
Politicians use the tax code to encourage things they like , such as driving hybrid cars , and to discourage things they do n't like , such as work .
A typical loophole has passionate defenders but no opponents .
Those who benefit from it , benefit a lot .
Those who would gain from its repeal ( ie , taxpayers in general ) , have never heard of it .
So the mess gets ever messier .
Happy April 15th .
Halte au prélèvement automatique , vive le virement bancaire !
Pour ne plus payer automatiquement une facture , il faut annuler l’autorisation de prélèvement .
Cette demande se fait auprès du créancier .
L'alternative passe par faire une demande de rejet de prélèvement auprès de sa banque .
Avec un virement , c'est nous qui contrôlons notre compte bancaire .
Avec un prélèvement , on donne la permission à quelqu'un d'autre de se payer tout seul ...
Sommaire
Les prélèvements automatiques sont bien pratiques .
Sur des dépenses récurrentes , comme l’électricité , le téléphone ou même les impôts , le créancier se paye lui-même après avoir émis sa facture .
C’est utile , et permet de libérer son esprit à autre chose plutôt que de penser périodiquement à payer des factures .
Quand une société demande à être payée par un virement automatique ou un prélèvement , la démarche psychologique , mais surtout juridique n’est pas du tout la même .
Qu’est -ce que ça change , d’être en prélèvement ou faire un virement automatique ?
Oui , au final , la société recevra régulièrement une somme d’argent qui lui est due en échange d’un bien ou service , mais en cas de litige , ça ne se passe pas du tout de la même façon si on est en prélèvement bancaire ou en virement automatique .
Laisser un quasi libre accès à un fournisseur à son compte en banque n’est pas une bonne idée .
Soit parce que le fournisseur peut se tromper dans ses prélèvements , soit parce qu’il peut y avoir un litige , le service fournit ne correspondant pas à ce qui était attendu .
Prélèvement bancaire abusif ou non autorisé
Quand on est victime d’un prélèvement abusif , parce qu’on a payé quelque chose qui n’aurait jamais du l’être , le problème , c’est qu’il est difficile de récupérer son argent ou , au moins , d’obtenir un remboursement .
Ce sont ces raisons qui nous amènent à bloquer les paiements automatiques et à leur préférer les virements .
Aucun organisme ne peut obliger son débiteur à mettre en place des prélèvements automatiques , ni même à facturer les moyens de paiement alternatifs , c’est la Loi .
Chaque créancier doit proposer au moins deux modes de paiement .
Révoquer un prélèvement automatique
Le prélèvement automatique ne devrait être réservé qu’aux personnes qui ne veulent plus se soucier de payer chaque mois une dépense récurrente , mais variable .
Typiquement , la facture du téléphone ou du mobile , qui change chaque mois .
Vous avez une tranquillité vis -à - vis de la routine du paiement , mais le jour où SFR ou Orange vous prélèvent une somme indue ( soit disant parce que vous avez fait un appel de 24 heures en Australie avec votre mobile … ) , vous aurez beaucoup de mal à récupérer votre argent , qui va peut - être vous manquer à ce moment là précis .
C’est la seule justification possible à un prélèvement automatique .
Lorsqu’un paiement se fait tout les mois par exemple , avec toujours la même somme , qui ne varie pratiquement jamais sauf cas très exceptionnel , il faut opter , toujours , pour le virement automatique .
Vous avez la même tranquillité au moment de payer , le stress en moins d’être victime d’une erreur bancaire .
En 2014 , les règles de paiements automatiques en zone SEPA ( Union Européenne et pays partenaires ) ont été uniformisées .
On peut désormais être prélevé automatiquement sur son compte à l’étranger pour payer une facture en France .
Il s’agit du prélèvement SDD , SEPA Direct Debit , remplaçant l’ancien “ prélèvement automatique ” français .
Depuis cette date , le double mandat à envoyer et au créancier , et à sa banque , n’existe plus .
Il n’y a plus qu’un seul mandat unique , détenu par le créancier .
Ces nouvelles règles ont permis de réduire considérablement les délais pour se faire rembourser d’un prélèvement .
Si vous avez déjà signé votre autorisation de prélèvement SEPA , la première chose à faire est de le révoquer auprès de votre créancier .
Il est le seul détenteur du mandat de prélèvement , contrairement à autrefois , où la banque du débiteur disposait également d’un mandat .
En passant par sa banque , on fera alors une opposition ou un rejet de prélèvement .
La différence entre les termes se situe dans les délais .
Une opposition se fait bien avant la présentation de la facture à payer automatiquement .
On demande à la banque d’empêcher le prélèvement avant même qu’il ne se présente .
L’autorisation de prélèvement automatique existe toujours chez le créancier .
Le rejet de prélèvement bancaire a lieu une fois la facture présentée : on demande à la banque de revenir sur le paiement , et ainsi de recréditer le compte .
Avec cette option , l’autorisation est toujours valable .
Le rejet comme l’opposition peuvent générer des frais bancaires , variables suivant les banques .
La révocation auprès du créancier annule purement et simplement notre autorisation de prélèvement .
Le créancier ne pourra plus présenter de factures à payer automatiquement .
Révocation de prélèvement en ligne
Il n’y a pas de règle définie pour pouvoir effectuer soi-même une révocation de prélèvement en ligne .
Tout dépend du fournisseur de service : EDF , Orange , SFR …
Rejet de prélèvement en ligne
Tout va dépendre de sa banque et des services en ligne que l’accès au comptes bancaires sur Internet la banque permet .
Le plus simple est de simplement contacter son conseiller bancaire attitré , et lui demander de rejeter le prélèvement automatique pour le créancier voulu .
Pour prendre des exemples concrets , chez LCL , je peux consulter tous mes prélèvements automatiques en cours directement sur leur site , mais je ne peux pas m’y opposer .
Pour bloquer le paiement des impôts , qui voulaient me débiter par erreur deux fois les impôts à payer , j’ai du contacter mon conseiller par email .
Chez la Société Générale , c’est un peu différent et un peu plus pratique : on peut consulter les prélèvements automatiques , mais également “ contester le créancier ” , directement en ligne .
Dans tous les cas , je conseille toujours de vérifier qui a accès au prélèvement automatique , on peut être surpris .
On peut y trouver d’anciens fournisseurs qui peuvent toujours débiter notre compte courant , alors même que nous avions résilié le contrat avec eux .
C’est par exemple très souvent le cas avec les opérateurs téléphoniques .
Au moment de changer entre SFR et Orange , je me suis aperçu plusieurs années plus tard que SFR pouvait toujours me prélever : je n’avais jamais révoqué l’autorisation de prélèvement automatique .
Lettre d’annulation de prélèvement
Pour ceux qui ne disposent pas d’Internet ou de la possibilité d’arrêter en ligne leurs prélèvements , il faut utiliser l’ancienne méthode : écrire une lettre d’annulation de prélèvement , que l’on envoie à son créancier en recommandé avec accusé de réception .
La révocation étant faite , il faut maintenant payer la société malgré tout , n’est ce pas ?
Sauf si vous voulez que l’on vous coupe le téléphone ou avoir les huissiers de justice sur le dos .
La Loi est claire à ce sujet : elle prévoit au moins deux moyens de paiement différents obligatoires .
Vous pouvez donc tout à fait envisager de payer par chèque ce qui était auparavant prélevé automatiquement chaque mois .
Sans frais , sans pénalité .
Les clauses de contrat qui stipulent un seul moyen de paiement sont abusives .
Pour le virement automatique , c’est un peu plus corsé : personne n’est obligé de fournir son RIB .
Hors , sans RIB , vous ne pouvez plus effectuer de paiement automatique .
Frais de rejet ou d’opposition de prélèvement
Si la demande de rejet de prélèvement a été effectuée au préalable , avant la demande de paiement du créancier ( au moins 10 jours en règle générale ) , il n’y a en principe pas ou très peu de frais à payer .
Si en revanche le rejet de prélèvement a été provoqué par un solde insuffisant , la banque peut engendrer des frais , parfois assez importants .
Ils ne peuvent toutefois pas dépasser le montant du prélèvement et dans la limite de 20 euros .
Mieux vaut au final faire une demande de modification de moyens de paiements auprès du créancier , tout en révoquant en même temps l’autorisation de prélèvement automatique .
Délai pour un rejet de prélèvement , tardif ou déjà effectué
Il est possible de contester un prélèvement autorisé en cours ou même déjà effectué , mais dans un délai légal de 8 semaines après la date du débit .
Pour les prélèvements non autorisés , et par conséquent illégaux , le délai est beaucoup plus long : 13 mois .
Il faut compter une dizaine de jours après la demande de rejet pour récupérer son argent .
Faire un virement automatique bancaire
Le transfert bancaire , c’est un ordre d’envoi d’argent de votre part ( vous êtes donneur d’ordre ) , de votre compte en banque vers un autre compte de votre choix ( le bénéficiaire ) , qu’il soit dans la même banque ou non , en France ou à l’étranger .
Le virement bancaire possède plusieurs formes , aussi variées que de possibilités d’achat .
Il faut donc distinguer plusieurs types de virements bancaires , suivant l’endroit où se trouvent les comptes en banque .
Virement interne : c’est un virement entre deux comptes de la même banque .
: c’est un virement entre deux comptes de la même banque .
Virement domestique : c’est un virement entre deux comptes en banque d’un même pays .
: c’est un virement entre deux comptes en banque d’un même pays .
SEPA Credit Transfert ( virement Union Européenne ) : virement réalisé entre deux pays de l’UE inférieurs à 50000 euros .
: virement réalisé entre deux pays de l’UE inférieurs à 50000 euros .
Virement international : transfert d’argent entre deux pays .
Le plus souvent , les banques utilisent le réseau interbancaire SWIFT ( Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication ) pour faire un transfert d’argent international .
Mais il faut aussi distinguer les virements ponctuels des permanents .
Un virement ponctuel ou virement simple , comme son nom l’indique , n’aura lieu qu’une fois , tandis que le virement permanent est un virement automatique : chaque mois par exemple , votre banque verse de l’argent sur tel compte bancaire de votre choix .
On le voit , le virement bancaire est beaucoup plus sûr de la part du payeur que le prélèvement : ici , on est donneur d’ordre , avec un contrôle total de ce qui sort du compte en banque : on arrête à tout moment le paiement automatique .
Rien ne peut être prélevé en plus que ce qui a été prédéfini à l’avance .
Pour faire un ordre de virement , il faut en informer par écrit sa banque , en lui donnant le Relevé d’Identité Bancaire ( RIB ) ou un Numéro de compte bancaire international ( IBAN ) du bénéficiaire .
Sur l’ordre de virement sont précisés la périodicité et le montant à payer .
Le transfert d’argent pourra alors avoir lieu .
L’ordre de virement peut également être effectué par téléphone , en téléphonant à son banquier , ou par Internet .
Pour ma part , je trouve qu’il est préférable de garder une trace écrite de notre ordre de virement .
Les avantages du virement
Il permet de faire des paiements à distance , même vers l’étranger , sans avoir à transporter d’argent liquide ou de risquer qu’un chèque se perde dans le courrier .
Contrairement aux chèques , l’absence de provisions suffisantes n’entraîne pas un fichage à la banque de France : l’ordre de virement ne sera juste pas réalisé .
Article L122 - 3 du code de la consommation
Modifié par LOI n°2014 -1545 du 20 décembre 2014 – art. 54
Il est interdit d’exiger le paiement immédiat ou différé de biens ou de services fournis par un professionnel ou , s’agissant de biens , d’exiger leur renvoi ou leur conservation , sans que ceux - ci aient fait l’objet d’une commande préalable du consommateur .
La violation de cette interdiction est punie des peines prévues aux articles L. 122-12 à L. 122-14 .
Tout contrat conclu consécutivement à la mise en œuvre de la pratique commerciale illicite visée au premier alinéa du présent article est nul et de nul effet .
Le professionnel doit , en outre , restituer les sommes qu’il aurait indûment perçues sans engagement exprès et préalable du consommateur .
Ces sommes sont productives d’intérêts au taux légal calculé à compter de la date du paiement indu et d’intérêts au taux légal majoré de moitié à compter de la demande de remboursement faite par le consommateur .
Le présent article s’applique également aux contrats portant sur la fourniture d’eau , de gaz ou d’électricité lorsqu’ils ne sont pas conditionnés dans un volume délimité ou en quantité déterminée ainsi que sur la fourniture de chauffage urbain et de contenu numérique non fourni sur support matériel .
L'avis d'eKonomia
Le prélèvement automatique , c'est pratique , le virement automatique , c'est mieux !
C’est à la suite d'un sujet sur un forum parlant de surendettement que j’ai rédigé cet article .
Je n’avais pour ma part jamais vraiment réfléchi à ce problème , alors que j’ai presque tout en prélèvement automatique !
Connaître ces subtilités permet de se prémunir contre de futurs désagréments , et surtout , donner un signal assez fort aux prestataires de services , qu’ils soient de crédit ou de téléphonie , que non , on ne fait pas ce qu’on veut avec notre argent .
Les organismes de crédit sont très discrets au niveau des différents moyens de paiement possibles , ne proposant la plupart du temps que des prélèvements automatique .
Il faut être vigilant , et faire une demande pour obtenir un autre moyen de paiement .
Faites l’expérience et cherchez un peu les modalités de remboursement de Cetelem , de Cofinoga , de Cofidis et des autres , vous allez sans doute avoir des questions .
J’invite par ailleurs tout le monde à partager son expérience à ce niveau , avez - vous réussi à payer d’une autre façon que par prélèvement automatique ?
Down in Collier County , Florida , there lies the Marco Island canal .
And what a canal it is !
Swallowing yachts up whole as it becomes more and more crowded with abandoned ships and vessels from over the years .
Those ships will continue to rot there , as Collier County does n't have the funds to extract them .
A little background on Marco Island : it 's the largest island that 's a part of Florida .
Super nice beaches and oceans , temperatures in the high 80s - that sort of thing .
According to the 2000 Census via Wikipedia , the island is 98 % caucasian , holds 12,879 residents and has 7,134 households .
Leighton Meester from Gossip Girl and singer Shania Twain are residents .
Unfortunately for the island and Collier county , time is not on their side according to Naples News :
The difference in cost for removing a partially - submerged boat compared with a fully - sunken boat can be tens of thousands of dollars .
Additionally , the environmental and navigational hazards increase as the boat sinks deeper .
Last year , the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation partnered with the Collier County Sheriff ’s Office to remove derelict vessels from the waterways with state grant money .
In the past two years , Collier County has received approximately $ 161,000 in grant funds from the FWC , assisting in the removal of 44 vessels from county waters .
To add insult to a sunken boat , owners who do not pay back the government for removing their vessels can be charged with a crime and blacklisted from registering a ship in their name again .
Essentially , everyone is screwed ; the government , the boatowner , the wildlife conservation , the police - all these forces will be drained in one way or another for every boat that ends up sinking in the canal .
Seems like it 's best to just not sail near Marco Island .
It can be hazardous to your wallet .
Many curries were found to be high in salt
Curry lovers are being warned about the high levels of salt in the dish .
Research by Consensus Action on Salt and Health ( Cash ) showed the salt content in some dishes was more than the daily recommended limit .
The campaign group warned with side - dishes , such as naan bread and chutney , salt levels could be even higher - but some healthier options were found too .
Nearly 800 products in supermarkets , independent shops and takeaways were analysed during the research .
The recommended maximum intake of salt is 6g a day .
But the researchers found one chicken tikka masala takeaway had 6.8g per portion , while curries on sale at Iceland also had more than the daily limit .
' Worrying '
Even rice was found to be fairly high with one brand containing 1.4g per portion and naan bread having 3.2g .
Katharine Jenner , from Cash , said : " A regular curry night is becoming a British institution , making these high salt levels extremely worrying .
" This survey shows salt can be hidden behind all the spices and chilli in your curry , even in side dishes and sauces .
" Add to this the lack of clear labelling on packaging in takeaway restaurants and it makes it very hard for consumers to choose a healthy option . "
But Cash said if people shopped around they could find lower salt options .
Both the Co-operative 's Healthy Living Rogan Josh and Weightwatcher 's Korma had just 0.5g per portion .
A spokesman for Iceland said it had been working with suppliers to reduce salt levels .
" We have achieved reduction in salt levels over the last number of years in most product areas bringing the majority of them into line with the Food Standards Agency targets . "
Julian Hunt , of the Food and Drink Federation , added : " UK food manufacturers are leading the world on changing the recipes of their products - including cooking sauces and ready meals - to contain less salt . "
By Jon Kelly
BBC News
Michael Gilbert was forced to sleep handcuffed to a bed
It was a gruesome , squalid end to years of abuse and humiliation .
The headless , dismembered body of Michael Gilbert , 26 , was found in a Bedfordshire lake in May 2009 .
This discovery would lead police to uncover how the vulnerable young man was kept as a domestic slave by a family and tortured for his benefit payments .
Luton Crown
Court heard that for years he was regularly subjected to sickening assaults " for entertainment " by members of the Watt clan and their associates .
Now James Watt , 27 , James 's girlfriend Natasha Oldfield , 29 , and Nichola Roberts , 21 , have all been found guilty of his murder .
James 's brother Robert Watt , 20 , and his mother Jennifer Smith - Dennis , 58 , were found guilty of familial homicide - a charge that third brother , Richard Watt , 25 , had previously admitted .
' Dogsbody and slave '
During their trial , Stuart Trimmer QC for the Crown said Mr Gilbert - described as a " vulnerable adult " who had met James
Watt at the age of 15 in a children 's home - had been held captive at the Watts '
Luton home for years and subjected to " beating after beating " .
Natasha Oldfield , James Watt and Nichola Roberts were all guilty of murder Mr Trimmer said Mr Gilbert was their " dogsbody and their slave " .
His benefit money was taken from him and he was forced to sleep handcuffed to a bed to prevent his escape .
Mr Trimmer said Mr Gilbert would be kicked , punched and forced to drink his own urine , as well as being attacked with a baseball bat , a knife and a snooker ball .
He was dropped on his head and made to stand in boiling water .
Some of the beatings were recorded on mobile phones .
Oldfield - the girlfriend of James Watt - wrote a plan for a " game show " in which sums of money were linked to different assaults on Mr Gilbert .
Written above these were the words " Gilbert ends up dead " .
One day I said to him ' why are you putting up with it ? ' and he said to me ' I love you lot , you are my family '
Richard Watt
Three guilty of lagoon murder Troubled life of lagoon victim Watt family terrorised neighbours A picture emerged of James Watt - who had 14 previous convictions for 22 different offences - as the ringleader of the abuse .
Giving evidence for the prosecution , his brother Richard Watt agreed with a suggestion by defence lawyers that James was a " control freak and a violent bully " .
Richard said he was " too scared " of his brother to get help and was warned by his mother , Jennifer Smith - Dennis to " think of the outcome " .
Tracked down
Having drifted apart from his own family , Mr Gilbert felt he had nowhere else to turn .
And the beatings and intimidation appear to have cowed him into submission .
His mother , Rosalie White , 49 , said the opening day of the trial - when the scale of abuse was revealed for the first time - was the worst day of her life .
FAMILIAL HOMICIDE
Introduced as part of the Domestic Violence Crime and Victims Act 2004 Closed a legal loophole that had previously allowed those jointly accused of the murder of a child , or vulnerable adult , to escape justice by remaining silent or blaming each other Carries a prison sentence of up to 14 years " If Michael could have just fought back just once and defended himself years ago when it started , the violence would have ended , " she added .
" Instead he would stand there and take it .
" It was like he was always an adolescent even when he was a grown man . "
It is unclear how Mr Gilbert fell under James Watt 's clutches , but the two met in a children 's home at the age of 15 .
The Watt household was chaotic .
Friends , girlfriends and associates passed through .
Few worked and those of school age rarely went to school .
A menagerie of lizard , snakes and dogs added to the bedlam .
In Luton , the family were notorious .
Neighbours were terrorised , bullied and intimidated - but none more so than Michael Gilbert .
To prevent Mr Gilbert from escaping , his clothes were confiscated - and when he did manage to abscond , he was ruthlessly tracked down and punished .
However , on two occasions he did manage to get away to Cambridge and Blackburn .
But he was found and " forcibly brought back " , jurors heard .
Richard said James
Watt became " obsessed " with finding Mr Gilbert when he escaped .
The family would call the Department of Work and Pensions , impersonate him using his National Insurance number , ask where he had last signed on - and lie in wait outside the benefit office .
The police became aware of allegations Mr Gilbert had been abducted from the street in Cambridge after the Watts tracked him down .
Robert Watt and Jennifer Smith - Dennis were found guilty of familial homicide , which Richard Watt admitted
He confirmed to officers this was true , but told them he did not want to pursue a complaint because " it would make it worse for me in the long run " .
Det Ch Insp Jon Humphries of Bedfordshire Police said he believed nothing more could have been done by the authorities to save him , adding that " I think all did their best at the time " .
His brother Aaron , 29 , said : " I used to think ' Why are you going back there to them ? ' but I think Michael realised that the Watts would eventually catch up with him and it would mean more hassle for his own family . "
Extreme pain Mr Trimmer said there was an escalation in the level of violence in the run-up to Mr Gilbert 's death .
James
Watt devised a new method of inflicting suffering on him - forcing him to lie on the floor and jumping on his stomach with both feet .
Nichola Roberts also took part in this abuse , the court heard .
Robert said : ' We killed Michael ' ...
I just walked out crying
Colin Watt Afterwards Mr Gilbert , in extreme pain , lost control of his bowels and was barely able to walk .
Richard Watt said he died soon afterwards , between 21 and 22 January 2009 .
Another brother , Colin Watt , told the jury he had moved out of the family home shortly before Mr Gilbert 's death after witnessing increasing violence towards him .
Colin said : " It made me feel ill .
I thought , I can't take no more of it , I am going . "
He told the court Robert Watt had asked him to go home because they had something to tell him .
" Robert said : ' We killed Michael ' , " Colin Watt told the court .
" I just walked out crying . "
Internal injuries
The prosecution said that the family dismembered his body and dumped it in a lake called the Blue Lagoon , near Luton .
James , Robert and Richard Watt admitted perverting the course of justice , while Smith - Dennis , Oldfield and Roberts were all found guilty of the charge .
His decapitated corpse , embedded with airgun pellets , had been weighed down with a stone from the patio in the Watts ' back garden , the court heard .
All in that household knew of his situation and most took part in the abuse
Stuart Trimmer QC
Prosecuting
But most of the decomposing parts were found in May 2009 when they came to the surface , sparking the police inquiry .
The head was discovered on 4 February 2010 , just weeks before the trial began .
A pathologist who examined the body said he could not be certain how Mr Gilbert died , but Dr Nat Carey did find a stab wound that had cut an artery and internal injuries .
Mr Trimmer said : " All in that household knew of his situation and most took part in the abuse .
" None of the defendants took any action to prevent what was an escalating level of abuse that eventually led to his death . "
But the most tragic evidence in the trial came when Richard Watt recalled a conversation he had with Mr Gilbert .
Richard said : " One day I said to him ' why are you putting up with it ? ' and he said to me ' I love you lot , you are my family ' . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scenario 1
Chapter 1 – Finished !
Chapter 2 – Finished !
Chapter 3 – Finished !
Chapter 4 – Finished !
Chapter 5 – Finished !
Chapter 6 – Finished !
Scenario 2
Chapter 1 – Beta
Chapter 2 – Beta
Chapter 3 – Beta
Chapter 4 – Beta
Chapter 5 – Playable
Chapter 6 – Playable
Scenario 3
Chapter 1 – Playable
Chapter 2 – Playable
Chapter 3 – Playable
Chapter 4 – Playable
Chapter 5 – Playable
Chapter 6 – Playable
Final Chapter – Playable
Premium Disc – Playable
Playable describes chapters in which the english has been inserted and are playable but have not been thoroughly reviewed for content or presentation .
Beta describes chapters which have been thoroughly reviewed and are ready for beta testing .
Please refer to main News page for Progress Reports regarding what is currently being worked on and what is left to do .
Refer to the Progress Report thread in the official Shining Force III Translation Project forums for past Progress Reports .
Please refer to each scenario’s section progress excel files on the FTP for additional information on the progress of individual game files .
SectionProgress -Sc1.xls SectionProgress -Sc2.xls SectionProgress -Sc3.xls
This incredible video from 2008 shows Saudi activist Wajeha Al Huwaider driving a car in Saudi Arabia on International Women 's Day .
Women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive ; by shooting footage of herself driving and then posting it on YouTube , she was able to send a message out to the world while also protecting herself from punishment through international exposure .
This video was part of a presentation on how Muslim women are using the web for human rights by Mona Eltahawy at the Skoll World Forum .
More than half of bloggers in Saudi Arabia are women , and many are using the medium as a way to speak out .
The president 's death could lead to a sympathy vote for his brother Jaroslaw
The twin brother of Poland 's former president , who was killed in a plane crash in Russia this month , says he will run to be elected in his place .
Jaroslaw Kaczynski said he would stand in the 20 June presidential election despite his " personal pain " , in order to continue his brother 's mission .
Lech Kaczynski was killed in a plane crash in western Russia on 10 April , along with many Polish dignitaries .
The two brothers founded the Law and Justice party in 2001 .
Possible sympathy vote
In a statement on the party 's website on Monday , Mr Kaczynski said : " Poland is our common , great responsibility .
It demands that we overcome personal suffering to take action despite a personal tragedy . "
He continued : " This is why I have taken the decision to be a candidate for the office of president of the Republic of Poland . "
Jaroslaw Kaczynski , 60 , became prime minister in 2006 , heading a right - wing coalition that had tense relations with the European Union and Russia .
He lost power in a general election in 2007 .
Lech Kaczynski had been expected to run for re-election in October - although polls suggested he would lose .
The BBC's Adam Easton in Warsaw says his brother could benefit from a significant sympathy vote in the wake of the tragedy .
Parliamentary Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski , who became acting head of state after the crash , had been preparing to run against Lech Kaczynski .
Opinion polls have suggested that Mr Komorowski will defeat Mr Kaczynski in the snap election on June 20 .
The election was called after the president , his wife and 94 senior officials were killed in a plane crash in Russia on 10 April .
Kaczynski attended the funeral on Monday of Aleksandra Natalli - Swiat , a member of his party , at a cemetery in Wroclaw .
Natalli - Swiat was one of the victims of the plane crash .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UK officials are to open air space in Scotland from 7 am on Tuesday and later in the day in England and Wales , in the first sign that the chaos that has stranded hundreds of thousands of travellers around the world may be easing .
The Icelandic volcano that prompted the disruption has stopped emitting ash the National Air Traffic Services agency said on Monday .
“ Assuming there are no further significant ash emissions we are now looking at a continuously improving situation , Nats said .
However , officials said it was not clear if the window of clear air space that was opening up would last for 24 hours or several days at this stage .
“ This is a dynamic and changing situation and is therefore difficult to forecast beyond 7 am local time , ” Nats said , advising that it was now up to airlines and airports how they used the temporary lifting of the restrictions that have paralysed three of the world ’s busiest international airports , including Heathrow , for five days .
A UK government source said that under the “ gloomy ” scenario of the volcano erupting again officials would press ahead with alternative plans such as using Madrid as a transport hub , using coaches , boats and trains to ferry people from the Spanish capital to the UK .
There will be a further meeting of Cobra , the British government ’s emergency panel , later on Monday .
Earlier the UK started to send Royal Navy ships to help rescue thousands of British travellers stranded around Europe , in the most dramatic official response so far to the closure of airspace by volcanic ash from Iceland .
“ I expect HMS Ocean to be in the Channel today .
I expect Ark Royal to be moving towards a Channel port , ” Gordon Brown , the prime minister , told reporters in London on Monday .
“ Our first priority is to avoid the inconvenience being caused to thousands of people . ”
As the Icelandic volcano continued to erupt , sending ash three km into the sky , a Met office spokesman confirmed that the cloud of ash fragments that have brought much of Europe to a standstill was expected to reach the east coast of Canada around noon London time .
A UK Met Office spokesman said there was no indication yet that the cloud would affect US airspace .
Canadian airlines were reviewing flight schedules to and from Newfoundland on Monday morning in the wake of the weather reports .
Such disruptions would be the first in North America affected by the volcano .
Newfoundland , Canada ’s most easterly province , is 2,500 km from Iceland , roughly the same distance as eastern Germany .
Several airlines cancelled flights on Sunday night and early Monday morning , but an official at St John ’s international airport told the Financial Times that all the cancellations so far had been due to fog .
Air Canada warned on its website that flights to St John ’s as well as Gander and Deer Lake “ may be impacted by volcanic activity ” .
Environment Canada said early on Monday that there was “ a low probability of risk ” from volcanic ash “ as satellite imagery does not support ash presence in high concentrations ” .
The Met ’s most recent forecasts show that the winds that have been pushing the ash cloud south over Europe from Iceland will not start to change direction until the end of this week .
“ If the volcano keeps emitting ash and the wind keeps blowing it down , there is a risk of further ash over the UK . ” the spokesman said .
European authorities were facing growing pressure to lift airspace restrictions as the airlines industry body warned that the volcanic ash cloud ’s impact on their business was worse than that of the 9/11 terror attacks .
The authorities were set to keep large parts of the continent a no - fly zone for a fifth day even after airlines announced on Sunday they had carried out test flights that landed safely .
European Union transport ministers were due to discuss the crisis in a video conference called by Spain in its capacity as the 27 - nation bloc ’s president .
Officials in France and the UK said they were studying results of flight tests from Lufthansa , Europe ’s biggest airline group , KLM and other airlines that conducted more than a dozen flights during the weekend without incident .
As officials said weather conditions showed no signs of dispersing the volcano ash drifting across the continent , some carriers warned European Commission officials in Brussels that there could be airline bankruptcies .
Giovanni Bisignani , head of the International Air Travel Association , estimated airline revenue losses were reaching $ 250 m a day , up from an estimate of $ 200 m on Friday .
Mr Bisignani called for urgent action to reopen airspace safely and called for a meeting of the International Civil Aviation Organisation , the United Nations aviation body .
“ This volcano has crippled the aviation sector , firstly in Europe and is now having worldwide implications .
The scale of the economic impact [ on aviation ] is now greater than 9/11 when US airspace was closed for three days , ” Mr Bisignani said , referring to the September 11 2001 attacks .
“ We must move away from this blanket closure and find ways to flexibly open air space , step by step , ” he told a news briefing in Paris .
Speaking ahead of the EU talks , Siim Kallas , transport commissioner , said : “ We can not just wait until this ash cloud dissipates . ”
Hundreds of thousands of travellers have been marooned around the world since Thursday , when authorities imposed flight restrictions amid fears that aircraft engines would be choked by ash from Iceland ’s Eyjafjallajökull volcano .
Lufthansa , which says it is losing € 25 m ( $ 34 m , £ 22 m ) a day from the crisis , said it was “ scandalous ” for authorities to have imposed the ban on what appeared to be limited data from computer images , rather than safety test flights .
Dubai ’s Emirates airline said it was losing $ 10 m a day , in part because of the accommodation and meals it was providing for about 6,000 stranded passengers .
Additional reporting by Jim Pickard in London
The convulsions in the central Asian nation of Kyrgyzstan have a lot less to do with the yearning for democracy there than they do with the aftermath of the World Trade Organization ’s forced “ liberalization ” of its economy .
The policy has left the country with a few wealthy autocrats and devastated the lives of the overwhelming majority of its people .
Kyrgyzstan , in 1998 , became the first former Soviet republic to be accepted into the World Trade Organization .
A USAID report to the U.S. Congress a few years later bragged : “ Kyrgyzstan ’s major achievement since independence in 1991 has been to establish the basic framework for a market economy .
Foreign investment is strongly encouraged and the country ’s privatization is regarded as among the most ambitious of the former Soviet republics .
Kyrgyzstan has been successful in implementing a tight fiscal policy which contributes to economic stability . ”
Numerous reports document that what was a largely stable managed economy with a substantial barter component has been transformed into a capitalist set - up that has made a few rich while it has impoverished the country ’s majority .
As early as 2002 , Mark Ames of the Moscow - based alternative newspaper , The Exile , reported on many of the deteriorating conditions that have laid the groundwork for the current chaos and violence :
“ Entry into the World Trade Organization did n’t do a single thing for Kyrgyzstan .
In fact , in the three and a half years since joining , the country ’s economy , which was one of the best performing in the region until then , slowed dramatically to the point of contraction , its debt ballooned and foreign investment has practically disappeared .
The WTO - enforced liberalization of the economy meant that neighboring autocratic regimes like Uzbekistan , which violate the neo-liberal orthodoxy by subsidizing industry , have undercut the Kyrgyz and devastated local industry .
“ Worse still , its experiment with democracy , which according to the dogma preached by the fundamentalist neo-liberals is supposed to walk hand in hand with free markets , has , since joining the WTO , been abandoned for the usual Central Asian autocracy .
The New York Committee to Protect Journalists recently chose Kyrgyzstan as one of the 10 worse places for a journalist to work in the world due to government harassment .
Clearly the WTO is a cover for transnational companies to open up new markets in underdeveloped countries hiding under the guise of once - fashionable late - 20th centrury dogma . ”
A review of reports from a variety of sources indicate that since the collapse of the Soviet Union almost all government - owned enterprises in Kyrgyzstan have been transferred to private control and that WTO - mandated budget cuts have diminished the resources of the government and ballooned its debt .
Exports of gold , mercury and electricity have increased while domestically Kyrgyz goods are being replaced with imports .
Gas - powered vehicle use has increased and , coupled with a huge speed up in de-forestation , has led to deterioration in the country ’s wildlife and air quality .
The World Health Organization reports growing mortality rates and decreasing life expectancy since the Soviet days .
The population , which once received free medical care , now is paying rapidly escalating health care costs with many going with no medical care whatsoever .
In short , it appears that Kyrgyzstan , is one of the best modern - day examples of the failure of “ free market ” capitalism to meet the needs of the people .
For an interesting website that has Kyrgyzstani oral histories go to : www.centralasianhistory.org.
Photo : Map of the Central Asian nation of Kyrgyzstan .
Kingvinvin/CC
New York native Carlos Simon - Timmerman bought a DVD of adult film star Lupe Fuentes at a flea market while vacationing in Venezuela , only to be stopped in San Juan , Puerto Rico on his way home where he was arrested and charged with illegal possession and transportation of images involving minors .
Facing a 20 - year maximum prison sentence Simon - Timmerman thought he was done for , until RadarOnline.com learned that Fuentes herself flew to Puerto Rico on April 6 , 2010 to appear in court , show documentation proving her age and ultimately set Simon - Timmerman free .
Simon - Timmerman spent two months in jail prior to the court case because a Special Agent of Immigration and Customs Enforcement had testified that Fuentes was “ definitely ” under the age of 18 in the video , as well as testimony from a pediatrician that had deemed her 100 % underage ; both of which Fuentes proved wrong when she showed up in court .
At the time Little Lupe the Innocent ; Do n’t Be Fooled By Her Baby Face was produced , Fuentes was able to prove she was 19 - years - old and all charges against Simon - Timmerman were dismissed .
“ Lupe walked into the courtroom and it was like a courtroom drama movie , ” Assistant Public Defender Hector L. Ramos - Vega said .
“ Justice was served and Carlos is a free man thanks to Lupe . ”
“ Lupe is not only the world ’s youngest looking porn star , but a humanitarian who cares about justice and cares about her fans , ” Ramos - Vega concluded .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A senior official says player safety was compromised when play went ahead despite bomb blasts before an Indian Premier League match on Saturday .
Professional Cricketers ' Association chief executive Angus Porter told BBC Sport : " I do n't think it 's any secret there were some problems in Bangalore .
" When an explosive device was found the decision to progress with that game was made too early .
" I think we can say that safety was compromised on that occasion . "
Fifteen people were injured by two blasts outside Bangalore 's Chinnaswamy Stadium on Saturday , while three other crude bombs were found and defused a day later .
There was not the promised level of support for the coach , there was n't a police escort and they found themselves having to make their way through the very heavy traffic and getting caught in quite a vulnerable position
Porter on players ' departure from Bangalore
The match , which saw Kevin Pietersen 's Bangalore Royal Challengers lose to Mumbai Indians , went ahead with about 40,000 people in Chinnaswamy Stadium .
" At the time they decided to play it was n't known there was a total of five devices altogether .
I do n't think there was full possession of the facts , " added Porter .
The incident has resulted in the IPL semi-finals being moved from Bangalore to Mumbai , but Porter said he still expected England batsman Pietersen to play .
" I think all the team went through quite a challenging situation in recent days , but knowing Kevin he 'll be up and ready for the semi-finals , assuming he 's selected to play , " said Porter .
However , Porter added that the manner of the team 's departure from Bangalore was also a cause for concern .
" There was not the promised level of support for the coach , there was n't a police escort and they found themselves having to make their way through the very heavy traffic and getting caught in quite a vulnerable position , " said Porter .
" It does n't take a genius to work out that the time teams are most vulnerable is when they 're in transit .
" We 've spoken to a number of the players and we 've understood that it was concerning .
One of the blasts blew away part of a wall outside the stadium " We also understand from the organisers ' point of view that it was quite a challenge for them to conclude their arrangements satisfactorily , so at this point we 're not trying to cast blame .
" We 're just saying that we think it was not satisfactory and there are lessons to be learned , and those lessons should be learned in preparation for the World Cup and other future events . "
India is the primary host for the 2011 World Cup and will host 29 of the tournament 's 39 matches .
" I think it 's an easier event to manage in two respects , " added Porter .
" First of all it is properly an international competition , and therefore the level of scrutiny at the most senior levels in the Indian government will be higher , I think the security arrangements will be better than for the IPL , which is really a domestic event with some international players .
" The second reason we should be more confident about the World Cup is that when you 've got national teams they 're working within well - established management structures , with security advisers they know and trust , and therefore are better placed to make informed decisions about what is safe . "
Speaking to BBC Sport on Monday , Shashank Manohar , the president of the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) played down the significance of the incident in Bangalore .
" The semi-finals have been moved to Mumbai , so we are very happy with the security situation now , " he said .
" The police are carrying out an investigation into the incident and will give us a report once it 's completed .
The players are happy now . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TEN images of a young female taken by photographer Bill Henson are ' ' bona fide artwork ' ' , according to the Commonwealth censor who has granted it an unrestricted classification .
The photographs are part of a show next month at the Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery , Henson 's first since his controversial exhibition at the Paddington gallery in 2008 .
Contentious ... Bill Henson and an image from his new exhibition .
Credit : Adam Hollingworth
The opening night was cancelled after police raided the gallery and seized several artworks following claims they were child pornography .
Politicians denounced Henson 's work , with Prime Minister Kevin Rudd labelling it '' revolting ' ' and devoid of artistic merit .
The photographs were also removed from other galleries and websites .
Police threatened to lay charges but eventually decided not to .
Mars is zooming in for a close approach to Earth this week , offering backyard astronomers their best views of the red planet until 2014 .
For the past few months Mars has appeared at night as a ruddy , starlike beacon rising in the east .
On January 27 Mars will pass within 61 million miles ( 98 million kilometers ) of Earth — close enough for well - equipped sky - watchers to make out details on the Martian surface .
" With a small telescope of about 6 inches ( 15.2 centimeters ) , the polar ice caps and other surface features are visible , " said Raminder Singh , staff astronomer at the H.R. MacMillan Space Centre in Vancouver , British Columbia .
" Even a pair of binoculars will show it as a disk , as opposed to a star , which looks like a pinpoint of light . "
And on January 29 Mars will reach opposition , which means it will rise in the east just as the sun sets in the west , making the red planet visible all night long .
" When opposition occurs , Mars is on the opposite side [ of Earth ] from the sun .
If viewed from above the solar system , the sun , Earth , and Mars would be in a straight path , " Singh said .
( Find out what happens when Mars is on the opposite side of the sun from Earth , aka in solar conjunction . )
Adding to the cosmic spectacle , on the night of opposition Mars will appear fairly close to the full moon , and the pair will glide together across the sky .
Mars Easy to See
The exact distance between Mars and Earth changes over time , because the orbits of the planets are not perfect circles , but elongated ellipses .
This orbital setup means Mars makes a close pass by Earth roughly every two years .
In August 2003 Mars made its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years , swinging by at a mere 35 million miles ( 56 million kilometers ) away .
That event created spectacular views for astronomers but also seems to have spawned the recurring " Mars Spectacular " email hoax .
This year 's approach wo n't be a particularly close pass .
Still , the " flyby " will highlight how easy it is to spot Mars even with the naked eye , Singh noted .
" It 's the third brightest object in the night sky , aside from the moon and the star Sirius , " Singh said .
It was the blog post heard ‘ round the world .
When Charles Johnson wrote
Why I Parted Ways With The Right in the space of a few minutes and posted it on his popular Little Green Footballs blog , he had no idea the firestorm it would set off .
Nasty denunciations , death threats and a New York Times magazine feature article later , Charles Johnson joined me for a lively discussion about what happened to him , the Darwin - hating , know - nothing Creationists and the frenzied insanity ( and racism ) of the anti-Obama right .
Part one of two .
Mark Zuckerberg has long signaled that the future of Facebook will be off Facebook.com .
His social network will take a big step toward that future at a developers conference in April .
That 's when , according to a WSJ report , Facebook plans to launch a tool set for Web developers who want to make their off - Facebook Web sites look and work more like on - Facebook " pages . "
On its site for Facebook developers , Facebook calls this toolset the " Open Graph API , " and describes it this way :
The Open Graph API will allow any page on the Web to have all the features of a Facebook Page – users will be able to become a Fan of the page , it will show up on that user ’s profile and in search results , and that page will be able to publish stories to the stream of its fans .
Facebook also provides the following " details " :
The Open Graph API will allow any page on the Web to have all the features of a Facebook Page .
Once implemented , developers can include a number of Facebook Widgets , like the Fan Box , or leverage any API , which enable the transformation of any Web page so it functions similar to a Facebook Page .
For example , AwesomeTees might decide that strategically they would like to locate their brand identity at www.awesometees.com.
AwesomeTees will install the Fan Box widget , which will allow any Facebook user to " Become a Fan " of AwesomeTees , thereby establishing an official connection to AwesomeTees .
The user will then have AwesomeTees listed in their list of connections on their profile as Pages are represented today .
Additionally , any content that AwesomeTees publishes on AwesomeTees.com will show up in the stream on Facebook like it normally would .
And , any time the user searches on Facebook , AwesomeTees will show up in the typeaheads and prominently in search results .
At the Wall Street Journal , Jessica Vascellero writes that Facebook 's goal here is to " make it even easier for users to share information from the Web on Facebook and to have that information associated with their Facebook identity . "
This move to expand Facebook beyond the domain of Facebook.com has been under way since Fall 2007 , when Mark came to New York , announced that advertising changes every 100 years , and launched Facebook Beacon .
Facebook Beacon transmitted Facebook user activity from third - party sites back to Facebook .
The product quickly flopped , mostly because it was n't opt-in .
Facebook re-branded the technology behind Beacon as an opt - in service called Facebook Connect in fall 2008 and launched it as a tool that allows Facebook users to sign into third - party sites using their Facebook IDs .
Facebook Connect has been a huge hit .
In the year since Facebook Connect launched , more and more major brands have begun driving traffic not to their own domains , but to their branded Facebook Pages .
These pages are attractive brands because once Facebook users become fans of a page , that page is free to update that friend regularly .
It has been the return of email marketing .
The Open Graph API , which will take Facebook fan pages out of Facebook without sacrificing these marketing tools is the next logical step .
The other two big reasons Facebook wants to expand beyond Facebook.com and onto third - party sites is that 1 ) there is hope within Facebook 's executive ranks that the company can someday launch an ad network 2 ) Facebook would love to find itself in a position to offer e-commerce sites Facebook Connect - like " Pay With Facebook " one - click option .
Some Facebook executives believe this business could eventually be larger than Facebook ads .
Now , do n't miss our explosive exposé on the founding of Facebook :
Secunia Research
The Secunia Research team from Flexera is comprised of a number of security specialists who — in addition to testing , verifying , and validating public vulnerability reports — conduct their own vulnerability research in various products .
Since the founding of the Secunia Research team in 2002 , it has been our goal to be provide the most accurate and reliable source of vulnerability intelligence .
Delivering the world 's best vulnerability intelligence requires skill and passion .
The members of our team continually develop their skills exploring various high - profile closed and open source software using a variety of approaches , focusing chiefly on thorough code audits and binary analysis .
In 2019 a member of our team was recognized by Microsoft 's Most Valuable Security Researchers list .
This enables Secunia researchers to discover hard - to - find vulnerabilities that are not normally identified via techniques such as fuzzing , and the approach has been effective .
Members of the Secunia Research team have discovered critical vulnerabilities in products from vendors including Microsoft , Symantec , IBM , Adobe , RealNetworks , Trend Micro , HP , Blue Coat , Samba , CA , Mozilla , and Apple .
The team produces invaluable security advisories based upon the research of the vulnerabilities affecting any given software update .
Sometimes a single update can address multiple vulnerabilities of varying criticalities and threats ; but these advisories aggregate and distill findings down to a single advisory perfect for the prioritization of patch efforts .
In these advisories , criticality scores are consistently applied along with details around attack vector and other valuable details .
Illegitimate vulnerability reports are also investigated and rejected so you can focus only on what truly matters .
So we now have the official price for the WSJ iPad app subscription : $ 3.99 per week with a monthly credit card charge of $ 17.29 .
For that you get subscriber - only content areas such as Business and Markets with access to a 7 day archive that can be downloaded and read at any time .
It also offers personalization features and the ability to save sections and articles for later reading .
And hey , it 's actually a bit less than the rumored $ 17.99 rate .
Without the subscription , the free WSJ iPad app is limited to top articles and market data .
Here 's the catch : a subscription to both the printonline versions of the Wall Street Journal will currently set you back just $ 2.69 per week ( plus 2 weeks free ) for a monthly bill of $ 11.67 ... eleven dollars and sixty seven cents .
Granted the WSJ claims that the 80 % discount is a limited time offer but these newsstand discounts are always available in some form .
Greed or insanity ?
Either way , a pricing model like this wo n't save print . :
Fine print says , " Already a WSJ subscriber ?
Get full access to the iPad™ app for a limited time . "
That offers some hope to existing subscribers but does n't make the prospect of subscribing any more attractive to new customers .
Unless of course the whole iPad rate can be circumvented by obtaining a login ID and password via the cheaper online - only rate ( currently set for $ 1.99 / wk or $ 8.62 / mth ) .
Who 's going to try this on Saturday ?
by ·
I always had a hunch that artificial air fresheners were giving me headaches .
Now I read an article that points to a study that shows why …
GOT A HEADACHE OR IRRITATED EYES ?
You could be experiencing an allergic reaction to your car air freshener , says Daniel Swartz , executive director of the Children ’s Environmental Health Network , a nonprofit Washington , D.C. - based consumer safety organization .
Conventional car fresheners contain troublesome chemicals like petroleum distillates , which can irritate or damage your lungs ; phthalates , which can interfere with hormone production ; and benzene compounds , which have been found to be carcinogenic .
Go with better options :
Put a box of odor - eating baking soda or a bag of volcanic rocks called zeolite on the floor under your car seat .
Zeolite is sold at natural food stores .
Or hang a small sachet of lavender flowers ( Lavandula angustifolia ) from your rearview mirror to mask stale - smelling air .
How to create a air freshener for your car
I just took an old sock ( or actually two of them ) and put one inside the other and filled it up with a bit of baking soda .
I tied a knot on the end of it and threw it under my passenger seat in the car .
I came back in a few hours and it smelled better already !
Every once in a while I shake it up a bit to get some fresh exposure for the baking soda .
How is that for a cheap , natural air freshener for your car ?
Comments
How to Cook Everything Vegetarian
Expand your repertoire with some 2,000 meatless recipes in this all - inclusive app .
You 'll find the same level of reliable cooking advice from Mark Bittman and the same incredible interface as in the How to Cook Everything app .
Hundreds of make - ahead and fast recipes make this app a popular kitchen companion among vegetarians , vegans , and omnivores alike .
( For iPad and iPhone . )
Reach Out And PWN Someone .
Starting February 12th , EVGA will host a two week long Team Fortress 2 event !
Signup and participation is free and easy for any who wishes to participate .
Official gaming will begin on February 12th at 4:00 PM Pacific , and continue until February 28th at 11:59 PM .
Anyone that signs up and plays any length of time during those two weeks will be eligible to win a prize .
This is not a competition or tournament , merely a chance for regular gamers to come out and play your hearts out for some great gaming goods .
All prizes will be raffled off over the course of the two weeks !
To qualify for this event , you just need to signup here with your Username and Steam ID .
Just login and play , it 's that easy !
We hope you have fun and continue to make our wonderful gaming community as great as it has always been .
Please visit the official EVGA Gaming site to the event to see the full list of servers www.evga.com/gaming.
Prize - SRP - Winner ( Gamer Name )
Intel Core i7 920 CPU - $ 299 - ThunderSchunked ( ] TPG [ ThunderSchunked )
(] TPG [ ThunderSchunked ) EVGA P55 FTW Motherboard - $ 230 - harrisoncdx ( x[visions ] )
( x[ visions ] ) EVGA P55 Motherboard - $ 200 - jhowland80 ( PrestigeWorldwide )
( PrestigeWorldwide ) EVGA P55 Micro Motherboard - $ 180 - Stun_gravy ( Stun_gravy )
( Stun_gravy ) EVGA GTS 250 - $ 140 - lolz0rz ( z0rz )
( z0rz ) EVGA GT 240 - $ 100 - Nullvector (*<| :-) Ace )
(*<| :-) Ace ) Razer Lycosa Keyboard - $ 80 - tyme1012 ( L4YER_CAK3 )
( L4YER_CAK3 ) Razer Lycosa Keyboard - $ 80 - beautia ( beautia )
( beautia ) Razer DeathAdder - $ 60 - aak97 ( Dr. Sickman )
( Dr. Sickman ) Razer DeathAdder - $ 60 - SirPyramidHead ( Sir Pyramid Head )
( Sir Pyramid Head ) Razer Destructor Game Surface - $ 40 - Gorefiend ( =EGC= Cr1ms0nghost )
( =EGC= Cr1ms0nghost ) Razer Destructor Game Surface - $ 40 - LocalToast ( LocalToast )
( LocalToast ) OCZ Gold PC312800 Triple Channel RAM - $ 150 - bighead411 ( bighead411u )
( bighead411u ) Cooler Master SilentPro 700w PSU - $ 120 - dennisjai ( D - EviL )
( D - EviL ) Cooler Master Cavalier Case - $ 60 - 1337 _Lee ( 1337_Lee )
( 1337 _Lee ) Kingston HyperX RAM Fan - $ 25 - starsayr ( St4rs4yr [ d Bs ] )
All winners must email webmaster@evga.com within 14 days of the prize announcement to claim a prize !
Prizes will be announced here on March 3rd by 12 PM Pacific .
THE GAME IS CLOSED
** If you do n’t know what your Steam ID is , just log into Team Fortress 2 , and type “ status ” in the developers console ( ~ ) .
Make sure you have the console enabled in your options menu **
Ed Roberts died yesterday in Georgia .
He was the founder of MiTS , the designer of the Altair 8800 and as close to being the father of the American personal computer as anyone can get .
I say the American personal computer because French readers constantly correct me on this .
Where , again , are all those French computer companies ?
I knew Ed Roberts , though not very well .
I never worked for or with him but I met him many times even years after he gave up computers for medicine in his late 30’s .
That transition from digital hardware to medicine is key to Ed ’s story and I think provides the crux of this column , which is just one of probably dozens of published remembrances of the man .
Ed sold MiTS and started medical school less than three years after introducing the Altair 8800 .
In one sense this could be seen as a logical transition from a dodgy electronic kit company that had almost gone under many times .
It was Ed cashing - in to some degree and assuring the financial health of his family .
But it was also much more .
It was a recognition that even in 1978 Ed Roberts was being left behind by computing .
It was an amazing experience to visit Ed ’s medical practice , which was run with the help of many computers — MiTS computers .
More than two decades past the height of his success , Roberts was still using he same hardware and using it well .
In addition to Altairs with 8080 processors there were 8088 ’s , 8086’s , and even Motorola 68000’s .
And every one of those was running some medical or back - office application connected to a terminal .
Twenty years into his medical career Ed could still program his Altairs in assembler .
So it is n’t that he lost his touch for technology .
It ’s that his era had passed .
Ed ’s was the era of ascii terminal computing .
An ADM3a was Ed ’s violin .
And an Apple II ( worse still a Macintosh or even a Windows box ) was , therefore , his nemesis .
Linux might have called him back but by the time it was available Ed was n’t .
Think back a couple columns to that discussion of engineers and their half - lives .
Suddenly Ed leaving Albuquerque with a pocketful of money makes a lot of sense .
He was two half - lives ( 75 percent depleted ) into his digital career .
It was time for something new .
And that ’s not sad in any way , because Ed Roberts got to have two careers , two professional adventures , and did a great job with both .
The space shuttle Discovery STS - 131 lifts off from launch pad 39 A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida April 5 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Pierre Ducharme
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will outline a revamped space policy on Thursday that will use $ 6 billion in new funding over five years to create 2,500 new jobs in Florida with the ultimate goal of going to Mars .
Obama has been facing criticism from some members of the far - flung U.S. space community over the direction of space policy after NASA officials announced plans in March to kill the Constellation program that had been designed to launch astronauts into orbit and return Americans to the moon .
The Constellation program , developed under the Bush administration , was aimed at returning astronauts to the moon in the 2020s to clear the way for a Mars mission .
White House officials said on Tuesday that Obama wants NASA to begin work on building a new heavy lift rocket sooner than envisioned under the canceled Constellation program , with a commitment to decide in 2015 on the specific rocket that will take astronauts deeper into space .
“ This is a rocket that is going to happen two years earlier than would ’ve happened under the past program , ” a senior White House official said .
Obama would restructure the Constellation program and allow NASA to develop the Orion crew capsule to provide stand - by emergency escape capabilities for the International Space Station .
His policy would also direct NASA to launch into space a steady stream of robotic exploration missions to scout locations and demonstrate technologies to increase the safety and capability of future human missions .
To ease the transition for workers dislocated while the new space strategy is being implemented , Obama is proposing to dedicate $ 40 million of the funds requested for the Constellation transition to transform the regional economy around NASA ’s Florida facilities and prepare its workforce for the new opportunities .
“ This new strategy means more money for NASA , more jobs for the country , more astronaut time in space , and more investments in innovation , ” said a senior White House official .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Of the hundreds of thousands of organ donors who may have had their wishes wrongly recorded , many chose not to donate their eyes .
Why are some people so reluctant to give them up in death ?
More than a million donors explicitly opt out of giving their eyes
An independent review has been ordered after organ donors had their preferences wrongly recorded about which body parts they were prepared to donate .
The NHS has confirmed 21 cases in which the wrong organs may have been taken from donors .
A further 800,000 people on the UK donor register may have had their specific requests incorrectly noted .
While many of Britain 's 17 million registered body part donors give consent for all their organs and tissues to be used for transplant after their death , more than 10 % have chosen to with - hold consent for certain parts - by far the most common being eyes .
THE ANSWER
Some people feel an emotional attachment to their eyes Fears a corpse will be disfigured Lack of understanding how corneas are harvested
Review due on organ donor blunder According to figures for the donor register , 55 % of those who go for the pick - and - choose option - some 1.2 million people - specify it 's their eyes they do not want transplanted .
Why ?
People often view the eyes with more emotion and see them as more symbolic than other parts of the body , says Prof John Wallwork , chair of the Transplant Trust .
Historically , they have held cultural and spiritual significance .
Referred to as " windows to the soul " by Roman philosopher Cicero , the eye is also often regarded as symbolising knowledge .
In Hinduism and Buddhism , the third eye is a symbol of enlightenment .
" Eyes are something people can feel differently about compared to other parts of the body , " says Prof Wallwork .
They can be regarded as being " symbolic of [ a ] personal view of the world " .
Harvested Many people have a similar perception of the heart , he adds .
After the eyes , it is the next most common part of the body people say they do not want to donate .
Figures show 40 % of people who withhold consent specify the heart .
Another fear among potential donors who opt out of giving their eyes is of disfigurement , especially if mourners will be viewing the body , says Prof Wallwork .
Of the eight body parts one can choose from - kidneys , heart , liver , small bowel , eyes , lungs , pancreas and tissue ( skin , bone and heart valves ) - eyes are the only explicitly external part .
And it 's been noted that people are often more squeamish about donating their eyes than other body parts .
But eye experts say eye donation does not affect the appearance of the donor .
The cornea is the part that is used and this is just the thin , clear tissue covering the front of the eye .
This lack of understanding about organ donations is also a key issue when it comes to why people do n't want to donate their eyes and other parts of their body , says the Organ Donation Campaign .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " People do not understand the harvesting process for corneas and there is a lack of awareness about donations in general , " says a spokeswoman .
" Some people are worried about disfigurement when there is no need to be . "
Vision is dramatically reduced if the cornea becomes cloudy from disease , injury or infection .
Last year 2,711 people had their sight restored by corneas supplied through the donor register , says the NHS Blood and Transplant ( NHSBT ) , which is in charge of the register .
But there is still a shortage each year of approximately 500 corneas .
Most cornea transplants are done on the over 65s , but anyone may need one .
The youngest person in the UK to have one was just a few days old , the oldest was 104 .
The sooner the eye is retrieved the better and they are stored in eye banks , says the NHSBT .
Recipients are matched with similar aged donor .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a closely watched case , a sharply divided federal appeals court on Monday ruled 6 - 5 that a sex discrimination lawsuit against Wal - Mart could proceed as a class action for more than a million women .
The suit is the biggest employment discrimination case in the nation ’s history .
After a decade of pretrial maneuvering , the decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco , was a victory for the plaintiffs .
It hastens an eventual trial for the women , , who are seeking billions of dollars from Wal - Mart , the world ’s largest retailer .
“ Wal - Mart tries to project an improved image as a good corporate citizen , ” said Brad Seligman , a lawyer for the plaintiffs .
“ No amount of P.R. is going to work until it addresses the claims of its female employees . ”
The lawsuit , brought in 2001 , accuses the retailer of systematically paying women less than men , giving them smaller raises and offering women fewer opportunities for promotion .
The plaintiffs stressed that while 65 percent of Wal - Mart ’s hourly employees were women , only 33 percent of the company ’s managers were .
FEDERAL Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has had a meeting with one of the world 's best - known climate sceptics , who says climate change is a fabrication that aims to set up a " hideous world government monster ' ' .
Mr Abbott met Scottish peer Christopher Monckton one day after releasing his new climate change policy .
Mr Abbott says he believes climate change is real but the Government has labelled him a denier .
Lord Monckton , who says he was a former adviser to British prime minister Margaret Thatcher , is known around the world for his argument that humans are not damaging the climate .
On the same day as his meeting with Mr Abbott , Lord Monckton told a Canberra audience that proponents of climate change wanted to establish a " world government ... that would have shut down democracy worldwide '' .
This new government would have policing powers , impose taxes , and " take control over all formerly free markets ' ' , he said to applause from more than 200 people at the National Press Club .
Two Liberal MPs , David Hawker and Alby Schultz , were in the audience .
" You can now make sure that no more money and no more power goes to this hideous world government monster , '' Lord Monckton said .
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions would deny electricity and food to starving people and cause millions of deaths , he said , displaying a slide of hungry African children .
" Look into the eyes , the hopeless eyes of these starving children in Africa , and love them enough ... to say to those who would destroy your economy in the name of the chimera that is global warming , enough is enough . ''
UN climate talks are proceeding on the basis that the world 's poorest countries do not have to adopt any restrictions or caps on their greenhouse gas emissions .
Lord Monckton put the case that the world is not warming , and if it is , greenhouse gas emissions are not to blame .
Temperatures have not risen in recent years and the Arctic iceshelf was not melting , he said .
If temperatures were rising , it could be because of increased solar activity .
Evidence used by climate scientists to say climate change was real was fabricated , distorted and based on faulty computer modelling , Lord Monckton said .
The climate was a complex system that could not be predicted years , or decades , ahead .
He warned of the dangers if good science was ignored , saying the 25 million deaths from HIV / AIDS could have been avoided if those afflicted had been locked away from the start .
" The correct response would have been to test and identify all ( HIV ) carriers , and then isolate them immediately ... and permanently . ''
A spokesman for Lord Monckton said he met Mr Abbott in Parliament House and the pair discussed the Opposition 's new climate policy .
Asked about Lord Monckton before the meeting , Mr Abbott said it was his job to meet with " everyone who has a significant argument to put ' ' .
" I 'm not an intellectual snob .
I 'm prepared to meet with people who agree with me , who disagree with me , '' he said .
Lord Monckton is on a three - week speaking tour of Australia ; he has been speaking to full houses .
The $ 115,000 cost has been picked up by two retirees , scientist Case Smit and engineer John Smeed .
Originally published as Abbott meets lord of the climate sceptics
BEIJING , April 5 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. decision to delay a ruling on whether China manipulates its currency showed easing tensions over the yuan , but it is too early for China to change its currency policy , a government economist said on Monday .
“ I believe this is a positive signal .
At least the U.S. side has created some room for further consultations and negotiations , ” said Huo Jianguo , head of the Commerce Ministry ’s think - thank .
“ But I do n’t think there will be a yuan adjustment in the near - term .
We need to to see whether China ’s export recovery will be sustained and need to see whether companies can cope with a stronger yuan , ” he told Reuters .
The ministry ’s repeated warnings that many firms would be ruined and millions of jobs lost if the yuan strengthened stand in contrast to the central bank ’s signals that it would welcome a more flexible currency and its dampening effect on inflation .
Analysts believe , however , the two institutions will eventually reach a compromise , possibly as soon as mid-2010 .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Saturday he was delaying an April 15 report on whether China manipulates its currency but pledged to press for a more flexible yuan policy .
The decision follows Thursday ’s announcement that Chinese President Hu Jintao will attend a nuclear security summit meeting in Washington April 12 - 13 and seems to be a move to keep tensions over currency in check .
[ ID : nTOE63100K ]
Huo said many Chinese exporters oppose a stronger currency out of fear that their thin profit margins could be wiped out .
Any yuan policy change would ultimately depend on China ’s own economic interests , although the impact on other countries would also be taken into account , he said .
China ’s exports jumped 45.7 percent in February from a year earlier but the growth may have been exaggerated by the low base , while imports were growing at a faster clip due to robust domestic , slashing the trade surplus , he said .
Huo echoed recent official forecasts that that China could post a small trade deficit in March , the first since 2004 .
“ This may help ease upward pressure on the yuan .
We need to watch whether the trade deficit is short - lived or it ’s a turning point , ” Huo said .
( Reporting by Kevin Yao ; Editing by Tomasz Janowski )
SPIRIT AIRLINES put a few noses out of joint when it announced this month that it will begin charging passengers between $ 20 and $ 45 for carry - on luggage too big to fit under their seats .
One of those dislocated schnozzes belongs to US Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , who pronounced Spirit ’s new carry - on fee “ outrageous , ’’ and growled : “ We ’re gonna hold the airline ’s feet to the fire on this .
Because we have an obligation to do it and we have the ability to do it . ’’
Asked to characterize the airline ’s change of policy , LaHood asserted : “ I do n’t think they care about their customers . ’’
According to the Transportation Department website , LaHood ’s entire career has been spent on government payrolls ; he has no business experience of any kind .
Perhaps that explains his fatuous notion that Spirit , a for - profit company in a fiercely competitive industry , can jack up its fees without regard to customer reaction .
Maybe LaHood imagines that air travelers , like taxpayers , have no choice but to pay whatever they ’re told to pay .
A lifetime in the public sector may have so calcified his ignorance of how markets function that he simply cannot grasp that passengers who do n’t want to pay Spirit ’s new carry - on fees can always switch to an airline that does n’t charge them .
But ignorance is no excuse for LaHood ’s threat to “ hold the airline ’s feet to the fire . ’’
Washington does not “ have an obligation ’’ to second - guess the fees charged by Spirit or any other private business .
Absent evidence of fraud , theft , or coercion , airlines should be able to charge what they think the market will bear , free of governmental meddling .
Spirit ’s $ 30 fee for the use of an overhead bin may well strike people as “ outrageous . ’’
But for Washington to bully the airline into rescinding its fee for no better reason than that some passengers do n’t like it would be a greater outrage by far .
LaHood is n’t the only public - sector lifer carrying on about Spirit ’s carry - on policy .
New York Senator Charles Schumer squawks that the new fee “ is a slap in the face to travelers . ’’
He declares that passengers have the right to bring a carry - on aboard “ without having to worry about getting nickeled and dimed . ’’
Schumer is pushing legislation to ban airlines from charging for carry - ons .
“ I think it will go through the Senate and House like a hot knife through butter , ’’ he predicts .
Maybe it will .
But if Schumer grieves so deeply about travelers being “ nickeled and dimed ’’ when they fly , why has he never gone after the US ticket tax , which adds 7.5 percent to the price of every domestic flight ?
Or the $ 16.50 the federal government charges for each international departure and arrival ?
Or the $ 17 in customs and inspection fees paid by passengers flying into US airports from abroad ?
Or the “ passenger facilities charges ’’ ( up to $ 18 per round - trip ) ?
Or the “ US Security Service Fee ’’ ( $ 2.50 per departure ) ?
Or the “ domestic segment fee ’ ’ ( $ 3.70 per flight segment ) ?
The government ’s unremitting “ nickeling and diming ’’ of airline passengers does n’t trouble the sleep of New York ’s senior senator .
Only when a private firm acts does he toss and turn in anguish .
Reality check :
Every airline charges for its overhead bins , just as every airline charges for bathrooms , oxygen masks , and flight attendants .
The cost of those amenities is built into the fare you pay when you fly , and you pay whether you use them or not .
The same used to be true of the “ free ’ ’ meals , pillows , and baggage handling airlines provided , before they unbundled those services , made them optional , and began charging for them separately .
Spirit , an ultra - low cost carrier that describes itself as “ the unbundling leader in the industry , ’’ has decided to do the same for carry - on luggage , simultaneously reducing its base fares by $ 40 or more each way .
Ben Baldanza , the president of Spirit Airlines , argues that making every passenger pay for carry - on luggage would be like McDonald ’s forcing every customer who buys a hamburger to cover the cost of French fries , too .
“ Not everyone wants fries , ’’ Baldanza says .
“ Why should everyone have to pay for them ? ’’
Is Spirit ’s strategy a good one ?
The free market can answer that question faster and more accurately than any one of us can .
The less assistance it gets from grandstanding senators and transportation secretaries , the better off all travelers will be .
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
( CNN ) --
The pilot of a small plane that slammed into a building Thursday morning in Austin , Texas , set his house on fire beforehand and then intentionally crashed the aircraft , a federal official told CNN .
Federal officials told CNN the plane was a Piper Cherokee PA - 28 they believe belonged to Joseph Andrew Stack .
Two F - 16 fighter jets were sent from Houston as a precaution , but federal authorities said preliminary information did not indicate any terrorist connection to the crash .
" We do not yet know the cause of the plane crash , " the Department of Homeland Security said in a release .
" At this time , we have no reason to believe there is a nexus to terrorist activity .
We continue to gather more information , and are aware there is additional information about the pilot 's history .
" At this time , we are referring further questions to local authorities and the FAA . "
Read the latest updates on the crash
Two people were transported to University Medical Center Brackenridge , said hospital spokeswoman Matilda Sanchez .
She could not provide additional information .
University Medical Center Brackenridge is the only Level 1 trauma center for adults in Austin .
St. David 's Medical Center , the other major hospital in the area , said it had not received any patients .
Witnesses described a crash that shook nearby buildings and sent fire and smoke bellowing into the sky .
" I just saw smoke and flames , " said CNN iReporter Mike Ernest .
" I could not believe what I was seeing .
It was just smoke and flames everywhere . "
The crash occurred around 10 a.m. ( 11 a.m. ET ) .
Firefighters used two ladder trucks and other equipment to hose down the blaze at the Echelon office building , which police said is in the 9400 block of Research Boulevard .
The flames seemed mostly extinguished about 75 minutes later .
The FAA said preliminary information indicated the plane departed Georgetown Municipal Airport north of Austin about 9:40 a.m. CT .
An FAA spokeswoman said the plane was Piper Cherokee PA - 28 .
Jack Lillis , an attendant at Georgetown airport , said initial indications are that the flight originated there but there were conflicting reports and he could not verify that information .
The pilot evidently did not file a flight plan , the FAA said .
No flight plan was required because the flight was under visual flight rules , or VFR , because of clear weather .
The Internal Revenue Service in Dallas told CNN the building is a federal IRS center with 199 employees .
IRS officials were trying to determine if all the employees were accounted for .
So even after all the work has been put in , after we 've wrestled time and time again , the parties of God ( or those working on their behalf ) will still use the levers of the state to advance their religious ideas .
Obama does n't care about the Lemon Test ?
I can't say I 'm surprised to see this coming from him .
What happened to the beautiful liberal spirit of freedom we were founded on ?
You could worship your divine dictator and I could go undisturbed ; is that too much freedom for the faithful to handle ?
Of course we know the answer ; spreading their religion is required and encouraged at the cost of your freedom from it -- though if you confront one of them on their infraction they may very well retreat behind the " it 's a personal belief " card , thus negating criticism or further debate about it .
Not anymore , at least not with me .
If our government is doing things like a national prayer day , I think I 'm entitled to return conversational fire ; to mercilessly grill anyone who 's trespassing on my / your freedoms .
Want to tell me the good news ?
Then I want to tell you about the shocking and revolting immorality of your God and religion -- sounds reasonable to me .
If the parties of God do n't want a verbal water - boarding session about their disgusting beliefs , then they'd do well to stop knocking on other people 's doors .
Want to seem more knowledgeable ( or geeky ) than you actually are ?
Do you have the need to prove that you are smarter than everyone else in the room ?
Join Dr. Sheldon Cooper on a jaunt through The Secrets of the Universe and impress all those you meet .
REVIEW
Exclusive Interview with RALPH DYCK , Godfather of the MC-8 !
Recently I ’ve been in touch with Ralph Dyck , the man responsible for designing and building a home - brew sequencer that eventually served as the basis for the design of the Roland MC - 8 .
I ’ll be posting lots of photos , music and technical documents that Ralph has been very generously emailing me .
Posted so far are the user manual and the schematics for V1 and V2 of Ralph ’s Digital Sequencer .
This is all very important stuff in the history of programmable sequencers .
The following is a brief interview with Ralph about his groundbreaking work .
All photos are provided by Ralph Dyck , all music is copyright Ralph Dyck and registered by SOCAN Canada .
What ’s your background in music , and how did you originally get involved in electronic music ?
As a kid I played accordion then piano then vibraphone .
I took some Royal Conservatory of Toronto Theory and History then a number of private lessons by professional musicians mostly in arranging .
I played Jazz clubs on the weekend then later played night clubs and wrote some Jazz works for the CBC ( Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ) .
I designed a simple 16 stage sequencer with simple oscillators , it was weird but fun , we called it “ The Monster ” ( what else ? ) .
A friend was studying at UBC ( University of British Columbia ) and was n’t interested in the Electronic Music lab classes so he asked me if I wanted to use his time there knowing that I was interested in electronics .
So I began a two year exploration every day using the Electronic Music lab , they had Moog , Buchla and some nice Ampex 1/2 tracks .
I started to design and build modules that we could use in the studio , voltage processors and things like that .
You developed your sequencer before the “ home - brew ” microcomputer scene really started happening in the mid-1970s .
What sort of background did you have in computers at that time , and how did you go about designing your circuits and the operating system itself ?
I knew a fair bit about analog electronics and how synthesizers worked , I had built my own which turned out very successfully .
A friend told me about digital memories and D/ A converters and that was the spark for me getting into sequencers .
I knew absolutely nothing about computers , I was an untrained , fly by the seat of the pants amateur .
However , I knew how to pick my friends and I had a couple that helped me immensely , Chris Huntley , an engineer was the major mentor in my life then , also Theo Goldberg , a composer , helped me get a $ 4000 Canada Council Grant for the Arts .
For about a year in 1972 I planned how to build my first sequencer , function by function using TTL logic and Shift Registers for memory .
In the meantime I was touring with the Paul Horn band , playing a lot of gigs with them .
I had most of my good ideas at 5 AM or in my car .
I decided to enter data via a calculator keyboard so I had to learn how to do that , it ’s not trivial if you ’ve never done it and have no training .
Then it was a matter of organizing the memory , 6 bits for pitch , > 5 octaves , 6 bits for time , and 6 bits for envelope gate control and 6 bits for dynamics and voice switching , also , all of the clock control and finally a means of synchronizing tracks on tape , first I used pulse recording but that would feed through to other tracks , it sounded like a buzz saw , then I read about these FSK modem chips with phase locked loops and decided to use them …
MUCH better !
The evolution of recording with the sequencer was a gradual affair , my first gig was a TV News theme for BCTV while I was playing on a television series with Paul Horn in early 1973 .
I had a synthesizer so they thought that I must be able to do it , after all , it was electronic !
The only part that the sequencer played was the pink noise through filter drums / percussion and maybe the intro , I ’m not sure .
The rest was played by hand because I had not implemented synchronization yet !
That came within a few months because of this experience .
I recorded this in a hallway where they wheeled out the big tape recorder !
http://optigan.com/mc8/bctv-1973.mp3
Were there any other microprocessor based sequencer applications that you were aware of at the time which your design was based on or inspired by ?
If not , can you describe how you came up with the basic operating system ?
I had no knowledge of any microprocessor system at all , I built up my sequencer a function at a time as they became necessary .
Just trial and error .
Eventually I had enough breadboarded modules to put them in a ‘ proper ’ housing , by then I had most of the building blocks of my system .
I had a modular synth that I built so testing was easy and I had tons of drive .
I had a vision as to how it should work and built modules until it did !
It was all based on logical needs , necessity , you know ?
The master plan was all in my head , if you saw the schematics you would shake your head , I ’ll enclose a couple of them .
I only became organized doing my second sequencer .
Did you design the sequencer primarily based on your own musical needs at the time , or were you thinking of a more universal musical application from the start ?
The sequencer was based on my needs and Theo Goldberg ’s experiments with unusual time signatures , like 13/8 etc .
I wanted to make an orchestra .
How did your design come to the attention of Roland , and how was the design of your sequencer altered to become the MC -8 ?
I built my second sequencer in 1975 , it was CMOS based and slicker .
I showed it to Gene Trademan who was a Roland dealer , he invited Mr. Kakehashi , President of Roland to come to my studio in early 1976 .
I showed the sequencer playing to tracks it had already recorded and he said that it was Perfect !
We made a deal and he hired the best guy for the job , Yukio Tamada , to design and build a microprocessor based system .
I knew about the 8080a , I had an Altair , but I had no idea of how to use one for a sequencer except very simple programs I would toggle into my Altair .
In early 1977 Roland wrote me and said that the new sequencer would have 8 separate channels !
Wow !
I went to Japan and helped in the musical debugging and wrote and programmed some demo pieces , like Odd Rhythms .
The MC - 8 was based on my method but was much , much more powerful .
They had proper engineers to do this not just piano players .
Were there any compromises made in the Roland design where you felt your original sequencer was superior ?
There was nothing in the design of the MC - 8 that was lacking except very , very small timing issues due to the multiplexed outputs .
My old sequencer was just a single channel so it was basically perfect , timing wise .
The timing issue is of no concern .
Do you have any interesting anecdotes to share about working on musical productions with the MC -8 ?
I had a theme to do for TV called ‘ The Inventors ’ , I had one whole day booked into Studio A of Little Mountain Sound in Vancouver , I had no plans and from scratch 14 hours later I had a theme of which I ’m quite proud .
The show was about inventors and they filmed me after all of this because I was inventing the theme .
I was totally exhausted and quite nervous , I survived it all , more or less .
http://optigan.com/mc8/inventors-1979.mp3
http://optigan.com/mc8/bctel-1976.mp3
http://optigan.com/mc8/eatons-1976.mp3
What ’s the most complex production you ever realized on the MC -8 ?
I recorded some ‘ Disco ’ type tunes for my American publisher in 1978 and they involved many hours in the studio , most of it after midnight .
I used real drums and percussion because I could finally afford them .
One of the tunes is called ‘ Discovery ’ , the original version was used as the radio theme for the CBC coverage of the Montreal Olympics in 1976 .
http://optigan.com/mc8/discovery-1976.mp3
http://optigan.com/mc8/disco.mp3
Do you have any interesting anecdotes about your interactions with famous musicians who used the MC -8 ?
I worked with Toto on several albums and tours , David Paich and Steve Porcaro were really into using the MC - 8 with their Polyfusion synth .
I was at David Foster ‘s house in LA , we ’re both Canadians , we ’ve known each other since the ’60s and David asked me if I knew of Toto , I had just heard the name , I did n’t know their music at the tiime .
Foster called Paich and asked him if he knew about the MC - 8 and Paich said “ Buddy !
We own two of them ! ”
We got together and became great friends .
In the late 1970s , musicians certainly had virtually no background in computers .
What sort of reaction did they have to the “ music by numbers ” method of programming the MC -8 ?
They did n’t like it much except Tomita and Steve Porcaro and Suzanne Ciani .
Can you describe any modifications you ever designed for the production model MC -8 ?
I had nothing to do with the hardware on the MC - 8 , only it ’s core operation .
Clearly the MC - 8 was capable of realizing very complex and subtle musical arrangements , yet today it ’s primarily known for churning out robotic synth - pop music ( ie Giorgio Moroder , The Human League , etc ) .
How did you feel about the way the MC - 8 was being used by producers at the time ?
Well , it was just another tool in the commercial music biz .
I did that as well but I also did some very serious music tracks .
Do you have any favorite recordings produced using the MC -8 ?
Toto only used the MC - 8 in small sections , not whole tracks .
Steve Porcaro did a lot of musically interesting parts with it .
When was the last time you worked with an MC - 8 , and what sort of production was it ?
I think that the last time I used an MC - 8 was with Toto , maybe for their album ‘ Turn Back ‘ .
Other than that I ca n’t remember .
What became of all your original hardware , including your prototype sequencer and any production model MC - 8’s ?
All that I have left of my original sequencer is the front panel and some photos .
I think I sold the MC - 8 .
Can you describe any other hardware you designed ?
The SBX - 80 Syncbox was based on my two prototypes that I had designed with Peter Dunik , we had a world wide patent for it .
I also wrote the software and designed the electronics for ‘ The Pocket Drummer ’ a very small drum machine .
Can you tell me something about the modular synthesizer you built and used with your sequencer ?
About my synth , it has 4 VCOs , 2 VCFs , 4 VCAs , 4 ADSRs , a Ring Modulator , a White / Pink Noise Generator , a Sample and Hold , a Voltage Processor and it used to have a very good frequency counter until I dismantled it !
All of the important circuits were designed by Chris Huntley , an engineer friend of mine .
He would draw a schematic for the basic function that I would need and I would have to prototype it and expand it to make it usable .
I have NO schematics at all .
A real shame !
I have a PC layout for the VCO but that ’s all .
If you really want to know all of the nuts and bolts of it , in 1970 I was working at a night club called Isy ’s Supper Club , we had a quintet which played for shows and things .
Times became difficult and Isy , rather than closing , decided to put in strippers .
the band was cut to 3 ( sax , piano , drums ) but the Musicians Union ( AFM ) stuff stayed the same .
( I ’m drawing a small pension from them , for which I am very grateful ) .
I was also spending my days at UBC learning about electronic music .
That ’s when I decided to build my own , I certainly could n’t afford Moog or Arp .
I much preferred ARP for their specifications which were spot on , I thought .
I had to breadboard every circuit and even designed my first ever circuit , my envelope generator ( ADSR ) .
We were renting at the time , Jeff was 1 - 2 and I was supporting my family and my habit ( synthesizers ) by playing a strip club at night !
It took a year to design , breadboard and build .
one year exactly !
How I did it I ’ll never , ever know .
I made 2 other synths for school music departments .
It took me much more than a year to learn how to use it .
My first Jobs were making Radio Station Logos .
For these I got $ 25 apiece .
Big money .
I ’m including some here …
The MC - 8 was succeeded by the MC - 4 , and then a long line of sequencers in Roland ’s “ Micro - Composer ” series .
Do you have any thoughts about the development of sequencer technology as it relate to your initial design contributions ?
Well , in electronics , everything advances , the only thing that the subsequent gear had in common with my sequencer was the method of use , the basic idea of the system .
Are you still making music today , and if so , what sort of equipment are you using ?
I ’m making music of a sort , my son Jeff van Dyck is doing the music now in the family and he helps me whenever he ’s in town .
He gave me some great gear to make my old synth work again , I have an original prototype MIDI to CV / Gate converter , 4 channels , made by a guy in Australia , it works perfectly .
Jeff also gave me an E - MU 0404 USB interface which also works great .
I also have a Yamaha P - 80 piano and a Roland XP - 10 synth .
I ’m trying to get my old synth working reliably but the connections are a real problem , it ’s almost 40 years old !
Why is theology emerging again as a point of reference for radical politics ?
It is emerging not in order to supply a divine " big other " , guaranteeing the final success of our endeavours , but , on the contrary , as a token of our radical freedom , with no big other to rely on .
Fyodor Dostoevsky was aware of how God gives us freedom and responsibility -- he is not a benevolent master steering us to safety , but one who reminds us that we are wholly unto ourselves .
The God that we get here is rather like the God from the old Bolshevik joke about a communist propagandist who , after his death , finds himself in hell , where he quickly convinces the guards to let him leave and go to heaven .
When the devil notices his absence , he pays a visit to God , demanding that He return to hell what belongs to Satan .
However , as soon as he addresses God as " my Lord " , God interrupts him : " First , I am not ' Lord ' , but a comrade .
Second , are you crazy , talking to fictions ?
I do n't exist !
And third , be short -- otherwise , I 'll miss my party cell meeting ! "
This is the kind of God an authentic left needs : a God who wholly " became man " -- a comrade among us , crucified together with two social outcasts -- and who not only " does n't exist " but also himself knows this , accepting his erasure , entirely passing over into the love that binds members of the Holy Ghost ( the party , the emancipatory collective ) .
Catholicism is often designated as a compromise between " pure " Christianity and paganism -- but what , then , is Christianity at the level of its notion ?
Protestantism ?
One should take a further step here : the only Christianity at the level of its notion , which draws all the consequences from its basic event -- the death of God -- is atheism .
The Spanish anarchist Buenaventura Durutti said : " The only church that illuminates is a burning church . "
He was right , though not in the anti-clerical sense his remark was intended to have .
Religion only arrives at its truth through its self - cancellation .
In " The Intellectual Beast Is Dangerous " , Brecht asserts : " A beast is something strong , terrible , devastating ; the word emits a barbarous sound . "
Surprisingly , he writes : " The key question , in fact , is this : how can we become beasts , beasts in such a sense that the fascists will fear for their domination ? "
It is thus clear that , for Brecht , this question designates a positive task , not the usual lament on how Germans , such a highly cultured people , could have turned into the Nazi beasts .
" We have to understand that goodness must also be able to injure -- to injure savagery . "
It is only against this background that we can formulate the gap that separates oriental wisdom from Christian emancipatory logic .
The oriental logic accepts the primordial void or chaos as the ultimate reality and , paradoxically , for this very reason , prefers organic social order with each element in its proper place .
At the very core of Christianity , there is a vastly different project : that of a destructive negativity , which does not end in a chaotic void but reverts ( and organises itself ) into a new order , imposing it on to reality .
For this reason , Christianity is anti-wisdom : wisdom tells us that our efforts are in vain , that everything ends in chaos , while Christianity madly insists on the impossible .
Love , especially a Christian one , is definitely not wise .
This is why Paul said : " I will destroy the wisdom of the wise " ( " Sapientiam sapientum perdam , " as his saying is usually known in Latin ) .
We should take the term " wisdom " literally here : it is wisdom ( in the sense of " realistic " acceptance of the way things are ) that Paul is challenging , not knowledge as such .
With regard to social order , this means that the authentic Christian tradition rejects the wisdom that the hierarchic order is our fate , that all attempts to mess with it and create another egalitarian order have to end up in destructive horror .
Agape as political love means that unconditional , egalitarian love for one 's neighbour can serve as the foundation for a new order .
The form of appearance of this love is what we might also call the idea of communism : the urge to realise an egalitarian social order of solidarity .
Love is the force of this universal link that , in an emancipatory collective , connects people directly , in their singularity , bypassing their particular positions in a social hierarchy .
Indeed , Dostoevsky was right when he wrote : " The socialist who is a Christian is more to be dreaded than a socialist who is an atheist " -- yes , dreaded by his or her enemies .
It was St Paul who provided a surprisingly relevant definition of the emancipatory struggle : " For our struggle is not against flesh and blood , but against leaders , against authorities , against the world rulers [ kosmokratoras ] of this darkness , against the spiritual wickedness in the heavens " ( Ephesians 6:12 ) .
Or , translated into today 's language : " Our struggle is not against concrete , corrupted individuals , but against those in power in general , against their authority , against the global order and the ideological mystification that sustains it . "
One should resolutely reject the liberal - victimist ideology that reduces politics to avoiding the worst , to renouncing all positive projects and pursuing the least bad option .
As Arthur Feldmann , a Viennese - Jewish writer , bitterly noted , the price we usually pay for survival is our life .
Slavoj Žižek is a philosopher and critic .
His latest book is " First As Tragedy , Then As Farce " ( Verso , £ 7.99 )
DETROIT -- Todd Bertuzzi was engaged physically right from the start .
Valtteri Filppula made a concerted effort to shoot the puck .
And Henrik Zetterberg took over the game in the second period , looking much like the dominant player of the previous two playoffs .
It was a good night ’s work for the Detroit Red Wings ’ second line , which accounted for five goals in Friday ’s 7 - 4 win against the Phoenix Coyotes in Game 2 of their Western Conference quarterfinal playoff series .
The Red Wings responded to Phoenix ’s physicality in the series opener with more speed through the middle of the ice , determination to get to the net , and the resilience of a team that has been here before many times .
And now , with the series tied 1 - 1 , Detroit has the momentum heading into Game 3 this afternoon at Joe Louis Arena .
“ It was a real team effort , ” Zetterberg said .
“ Everyone chipped in .
We rolled four lines .
We evened out the minutes .
That ’s how you create at lot of energy at the end of the game .
If you play with more people you will have more power in the end . ”
While many contributed , one line led the way .
Zetterberg notched his first career playoff hat trick , including the winning goal with 6:06 remaining in the third period .
Filppula registered six shots and had two goals and an assist .
Bertuzzi picked up a pair of assists and had several battles with rugged defenseman Ed Jovanovski , who was a minus - 3 .
“ We just knew our line had to step up and put the puck in the net , ” Bertuzzi said .
“ We had tons of opportunities , it was just a matter of time .
Henrik played terrific ;
Fil did a really good job shooting , he was on the puck . ”
Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said Zetterberg ’s line was dominant .
“ It gives ( Pavel Datsyuk ’s ) line a bit of a relief , when Hank and his line can play the way they did , ” Lidstrom said .
While Phoenix does n’t get much offense from its forwards , Detroit has the luxury of having two lines capable of taking over a game .
Coach Mike Babcock ’s only complaint was why it did n’t happen sooner .
“ ( Zetterberg ) probably got tired of the guy across from him ( Shane Doan ) competing , ” Babcock said .
“ He ’s a proud guy and thinks he ’s a good player .
If the guy across from you plays harder than you , he ’s going to have some success .
If Z plays like he can play , he ’s going to have success .
In the second and third periods I thought he took over . ”
Said Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard : “ He ’s a clutch player .
He ’s real good when the pressure ’s on . ”
Bertuzzi is not the physical force he was during his prime , but he used his 6 - foot - 3 , 225 - pound frame to create some space for his linemates .
“ He ’s one of those players that does a lot of work for me and Fil , the type that ( Dan ) Cleary and Homer ( Tomas Holmstrom ) are doing for ( their ) lines , ” Zetterberg said .
“ Nice to see he gets some points because he deserves that . ”
Babcock has continually maintained that Bertuzzi will get offense as long as he involved physically -- not necessarily knocking people over but creating havoc around the net .
“ I thought Bert was one of the guys on the top two lines that engaged right from the start of the game and was ready to go , ” Babcock said .
“ Our big people got to be big if we ’re going to win at playoff time . ”
Instead of getting worn down by Phoenix ’s physical play , like they did in Game 1 , the Red Wings responded by out - hitting the Coyotes .
“ That ’s what we needed to do , counterattack .
We needed to get a few more licks on them , ” Bertuzzi said .
“ We have enough guys capable of doing that . ”
Phoenix ’s skating ability is one of its strengths .
The Red Wings showed they can move , too .
“ We got good speed on each line , ” Cleary said .
“ The key for us is getting through the middle of the ice and eliminating their speed , make sure we ’re above them .
We shot the puck a lot , had guys going to the net and staying there , and that was the difference . "
Cure Cosplay Festival 2 is Japan 's biggest costume play happening .
It is so big that here is yet another post .
Advertisement
The event was held in Yokohama this past weekend .
Tickets were ¥ 1,800 and ¥ 2,500 ( US$ 19 and $ 27 ) for cosplayers and non-cosplayers .
More pics in the link below .
ブラック★ロックシューター・東方などの人気作コスプレイヤーが中も海も魅せる 大型コスプレイベント「 Cure Cosplay Festival Vol.2」レポ 【前編】 [ moeyo.com ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
a stylized representation of the female genitalia that in Hinduism is a sign of generative power and that symbolizes the goddess Shakti
Rent - A - Rambos
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis Recently by Eric Margolis : Humiliating America
A fascinating scandal has erupted in Washington that is exposing the sordid underbelly of the wars in Afghanistan , Iraq and Pakistan .
According to a New York Times investigation and other Washington sources , the Pentagon and US intelligence agencies have fielded covert mercenary networks in Afghanistan , Pakistan ( AKA " Afpak " ) , and Iraq whose mission is to murder tribal militants and nationalists opposing Western occupation .
US law forbids murder or using mercenaries .
But , as Cicero said , " laws are silent in times of war . "
A former senior Pentagon official specializing in murky foreign operations , Mike Furlong , set up a company , International Media Ventures ( IMV ) , to supposedly provide the US military with " cultural information " about Afghanistan ’s Pashtun tribes .
Codename : Operation Capstone .
Two obscure , Orwellian - named Pentagon outfits , " the Cultural Engineering Group " of Florida , and " Counter - Narcoterrorism Technology Program " of Virginia funded Furlong with $ 24.6 million .
Furlong hired a bunch of former special forces types and assorted thugs .
These rent - a- Rambos ’s real mission was to assassinate Pashtun leaders in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and target tribal compounds for strikes by US Predator drones .
Another heartwarming example of free enterprise at work and how to win Muslim hearts and minds .
In short , a 2010 version of the Mafia ’s contract killers , known as " Murder Inc . "
Thickening this plot , retired CIA types , including the flamboyant Dewey Clarridge , whom I well recall from the 1980 ’s Afghan war , were reportedly involved .
IMV ’s CEO came from major defense contractor L - 3 , long involved in top - secret operations .
It is uncertain if Furlong ’s Murder Inc. had time to go operational .
But its exposure is causing a huge ruckus .
In best US government tradition , the Pentagon has cut Furlong adrift .
He is now under criminal investigation .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
Shades of CIA agent Ed Wilson , whose frightful case I long followed .
Wilson was set up as a deniable " independent " by CIA to supply arms and explosives to Libya and Angola .
When this intrigue blew wide open , Wilson was kidnapped by US agents , convicted on the basis of lies by the government , and buried alive in federal prison .
This latest guns - for - hire scandal recalls the brutal , 1980 ’s guerilla war in El Salvador , which I covered , where the US became involved with government death squads .
It also reminds me of the long - forgotten 1968 — 1972 Operation Phoenix in South Vietnam in which CIA and South Vietnamese special units killed from 26,000 to 44,000 suspected Communists or sympathizers .
US Special Forces were heavily involved in these liquidation operations .
The Furlong scandal comes at a time of growing criticism of the US government ’s use of over 275,000 mercenaries ( AKA " private contractors " ) in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
These hired gunmen and logistics personnel operate without any accountability , legal structure , or oversight .
Intelligence sources in Pakistan say that US mercenaries are likely behind some of the bombings of civilian targets , particularly those in Peshawar .
Indian intelligence agents are also spreading mayhem in an effort to destabilize Pakistan .
Private mercenary firms like Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) and DynCorp have raked in fortunes running private armies for the US .
They are major donors to the far right of the Republican Party .
Deeply worried civil libertarians warn these private armies are only a few goose - steps away from resembling the Nazi Brownshirts of late 1920 ’s Germany .
Amazingly , it seems US Special Forces in Afpak have not until this month been under the control of supreme commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
They apparently reported to his rival , Central Command chief Gen. David Petraeus in Tampa .
These Rambos have been rampaging around , killing at will and committing atrocities against civilians , reports the UN .
This is ironic since McChrystal rose to his high rank by leading US Joint Special Operations Command ’s special forces on campaigns of liquidation and intimidation in Iraq , and later , Afghanistan .
To the Pentagon ’s fury , CIA has long run its own killer paramilitary units and drone assassination operations , 90 % of whose victims are civilians , according to Pakistani media investigations .
Such " wet affairs " undermine the agency ’s basic mission of intelligence - gathering .
CIA ’s paramilitaries report only to Langley which does not talk to the Pentagon .
Pakistan ’s feeble rent - a - government is not even informed in advance of Predator strikes and assassinations on its own territory .
How many of the 15 other US intelligence agencies are running their own little illegal private armies ?
Add special forces from NATO contingents , whose operations remain a deep secret .
Australia , for one , has come under heavy criticism for attacks on civilians by its SAS units .
Britain ’s renowned SAS and SBS commandos are very active in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The US brands all al - Qaida suspects and Taliban " illegal combatants , " denying them due process of law and the Geneva Convention ’s prisoner protections .
It ’s OK to murder and torture such " terrorists , " says Washington .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
WHISTLEBLOWER website Wikileaks claims it has had its Facebook page deleted .
According to the WikiLeaks Twitter account , the website had more than 30,000 fans at the time it was deleted .
The accompanying note read the page had been disabled because it " promotes illegal acts " .
However , another page claiming to be the official WikiLeaks page remains on Facebook , with some 500 + fans .
That page says at the time of its launch on April 13 , that it was " waiting for the fans to be migrated from other pages " .
A Facebook spokeswoman said the page with 30,000 members could have been taken down for a number of reasons , most likely because it had received a complaint from a member about objectionable comtent .
She said such a complaint could take any length of time to action , depending on the nature of what was being posted .
There had been no change in Facebook ’s Statement of Rights and Responsibilities that would suddenly render the content of WikiLeaks ’ page objectionable .
WikiLeaks ' fame as an online publisher of sensitive government and business documents has grown rapidly since it was launched in 2006 .
Most recently , it found fame for posting US military footage of soldiers in a helicopter circling a group of " non-hostile " men in Baghdad before opening fire on them .
WikiLeaks posted a link to the footage on its Facebook site , then claimed Facebook censored it , a claim which Facebook denied .
The site has been the target of several similar hush attempts since it was launched in 2006 .
One document posted on WikiLeaks outlines what it says is a US Intelligence plan to destroy WikiLeaks .
It also claims online payment service PayPal had suspended its donation account and frozen its assets on several occasions for " no obvious reason " .
Loading Goldman Sachs and the Financial Crisis
The Document Viewer requires that you enable Javascript .
Ovechkin , Backstrom share spotlight , puck
Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom have provided most of the offensive punch on a team that has plenty , so it was only fitting each reached a milestone on the same goal .
Ovechkin scored his 50th of the season in the third period on an assist from Backstrom , who recorded his 100th point on the play .
The high - scoring duo hugged first , then posed for pictures with the puck they said they were going to share .
Here 's a glimpse of the celebration :
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. manufacturers were busy in April as factories ramped up production to rebuild inventories though soft labor markets still point to a relatively slow economic recovery .
People wait in line to enter the UJA - Federation of New York 's Connect to Care job fair in New York , in this file image from March 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton / Files
Data on Thursday indicated manufacturing may continue leading growth for a while .
Analysts said recovery should then shift from government stimulus and stockpiling to consumers once hiring picks up in the factory sector .
“ With the manufacturing sector accelerating , it ’s likely the overall economy will continue to grow at an above trend growth for the time being , ” said Zach Pandl , an economist at Nomura Securities International in New York .
“ The handoff from fiscal policy to underlying domestic growth should happen at some point this year . ”
Expansion in manufacturing was highlighted by the New York Federal Reserve ’s “ Empire State ” general business conditions index which rose to a six - month high of 31.86 in April from 22.86 last month .
Markets had expected a reading of 24 .
Separately , the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank ’s business activity index rose to the highest level in four months during April .
The rise in the index to 20.2 from 18.9 the prior month was a touch above market expectations .
A report from the Federal Reserve showed overall industrial production rose only 0.1 percent in March as heating needs fell , manufacturing output increased 0.9 percent led by widespread gains among durable goods industries .
The strong manufacturing data prompted Goldman Sachs to raise its forecast for second quarter gross domestic product growth to an annual rate of 3 percent from a 2 percent pace .
“ Although our 2.5 percent estimate for annualized first - quarter real GDP growth still looks right , the U.S. economy appears to be headed for stronger growth in the second quarter , ” said Edward McKelvey , an economist with the bank .
But there was still plenty of slack in the labor market .
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits rose 24,000 to a seasonally adjusted 484,000 last week .
A Labor Department official attributed the spike to a backlog in applications from the Easter holiday and saw no unusual economic factors .
U.S. stocks posted their sixth straight day of gains as an upbeat profit forecast from United Parcel Service UPS.N pushed up transportation shares and offset concerns about the rise in jobless claims .
U.S. Treasury debt prices rose , while the U.S. dollar was up versus the euro and yen .
MANUFACTURING ROBUST
“ Clearly the factory sector is enjoying a robust turnaround , driven by inventory rebuilding at home and strong final demand abroad , ” said Paul Ashworth , senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics in Toronto .
In a sign of strengthening demand overseas , China recorded surprisingly strong annual growth of 11.9 percent in the first quarter .
The rate of expansion was the fastest since 2007 .
Although applications for jobless benefits surged last week , they were unlikely to derail the nascent jobs recovery , analysts said .
Signs of the improving labor market tone were also evident in the New York Fed survey , where the employment index jumped to a four - year high in April .
Labor market sluggishness has raised doubts about the durability of the economy ’s recovery from its worst downturn in 70 years .
Firming domestic demand is reducing some of the skepticism , however .
“ We are going to see improvement in jobs even though we saw a jump in jobless claims earlier today .
Other indicators show the labor market is improving , ” said Nigel Gault , chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington , Massachusetts .
President Obama ’s popularity has taken a hit along with that of fellow Democrats given growing public impatience over slow economic recovery and high unemployment .
This is threatening the Democratic Party ’s prospects in the November congressional elections .
Retail sales surged in March , government data showed on Wednesday , and businesses have started rebuilding inventories .
Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank President Dennis Lockhart said on Thursday while the economy was doing much better , it still needs the “ strong medicine ” of low interest rates to deal with problems in housing an commercial real estate .
Resource usage , one of the factors being watched by the U.S. central bank to determine when to lift interest rates from near zero , edged up in March .
Capacity utilization edged up to 73.2 percent from 73.0 .
It was still 7.4 percentage points below the 1972 -2009 average .
Labor market woes continue to cause problems as a growing number of homeowners struggle to pay mortgages .
U.S. home foreclosures jumped 19 percent to a monthly record in March , driving first - quarter actions up 7 percent from the prior quarter , RealtyTrac said late on Thursday .
But there was a ray of hope for the troubled housing market .
Home - builder sentiment rose to a seven - month high this month as consumers rushed to take advantage of the home buyer tax credit .
An improving economic picture also helped to lift confidence .
A NATO summit in Estonia has culminated with the much - hyped “ road map , ” an exit strategy for the alliance from Afghanistan after nearly a decade of war .
It will detail the alliance ’s new strategy for the conflict and , as is so often the case , lower the bar for what constitutes ‘ success ’ in the nation .
Amazingly , initial indications are that the “ exit strategy ” wo n’t involve actually removing any troops , but instead will hand over select provinces to the Karzai government while keeping the NATO troops there too for support .
This “ handover ” is expected to last decades , though officials were quick to note it was “ not calendar - driven . ”
The public announcement has yet to come , but it looks as though the big winner in the strategy is President Karzai , as NATO civilian chief Mark Sedwill ‘s comments suggested the alliance will basically shrug off his government ’s massive corruption , apparently in the hope that it will eventually grow into a responsible regime .
NATO Chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that no exit strategy could involve a “ run for the exits , ” and there seems to be no danger of that , as the alliance ’s plan seems to cement NATO ’s presence as an occupying power over much of Afghanistan for untold decades to come .
An Adelaide woman has pleaded not guilty to murdering her husband by setting him alight at their Unley home in 2008 .
Rajini Narayan , 45 , wept in Adelaide Magistrates Court as she denied a charge of murder and another of arson .
It has been alleged she poured methylated spirits on her husband 's genitals and ignited it , because of an alleged affair .
Narayan also pleaded not guilty to endangering the lives of her three children who were at home .
She will face the Supreme Court in April .
Enlarge By Jacquelyn Martin , AP
This is a model of a 28.5 - foot - tall centerpiece planned for The Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial .
CONNECTIONS TO A MOVEMENT CONNECTIONS TO A MOVEMENT
Four generations have witnessed change .
Tell your story ; help solve cold cases .
Click here for more on civil rights in America .
Forty - two years after Martin Luther King Jr . was assassinated on April 4 , 1968 , a memorial in Washington , D.C . , honoring his legacy is a year and a half from completion .
Rica Orszag , spokesperson for The Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial Project Foundation , said the 4 - acre space on the National Mall will open in fall 2011 .
After 14 years of fundraising , the memorial is now $ 14 million from its $ 120 million goal , said Harry Johnson , president and CEO of the foundation .
" It 's just exhilarating knowing that we have come this far , " Johnson said .
The road to reaching the fundraising goal has been long , Johnson said , as world events including the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , 2005 's Hurricane Katrina and the recent earthquake in Haiti have all taken some focus away from the project 's fundraising efforts .
" We have learned that every 18 months , something is going to happen to take up the attention span of Americans , and rightly so , " he said .
" But Americans are very giving , and so we still managed . "
Multimillion dollar donations from organizations including the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity , of which King was and Johnson is a member ; and the foundations for General Motors , Tommy Hilfiger , Bill and Melinda Gates and others have helped .
A $ 12.5 million letter of credit from the Wal - Mart Foundation announced in November allowed organizers to buy a construction permit from the National Park Service and begin building , Orszag said .
The National Capital Planning Commission approved the site for the King memorial in 1999 , amid concerns about building too much on the National Mall and using up too much of its green space from the National Coalition to Save Our Mall , a nonprofit based in Rockville , Md. Bernice King , one of King 's four children and a minister , said she hopes the memorial serves as a reminder for the necessity of helping others .
" As the last born of Martin Luther King , Jr. and Coretta Scott King , my family is honored to see a memorial built in our nation 's capital in honor of the freedom fighters of a critical era in America 's history , " said King , who was elected president of the Southern Christian Leadershp Conference in October .
" It is imperative that we never forget the past while keeping a mindful eye on the future of the global ' World House ' we have inherited , " she continued .
" As my father warned , we must not sleep through the revolutions necessary to bring about true , sustainable social change for the global disinherited masses .
Let the King Memorial in Washington D.C. stand as a beacon of hope , truth and justice for all , especially generations unborn .
The memorial is a fitting symbol of the progressive struggle of a people and the promise of our nation and the world . "
Andrew Young , the former United Nations ambassador , Atlanta mayor and congressman who was among civil rights activists in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 , for rallies to support striking sanitation workers and at the Lorraine Motel the evening when King was shot through the jaw and neck while on a balcony outside his room , says it 's time for a King memorial on the Mall in D.C.
Young helps oversee the foundation 's executive leadership group and notes that even among monuments to former presidents , " there 's nothing in Washington that speaks of non-violence . "
" Maybe Jefferson , but Washington and Lincoln were both heroes who achieved America 's independence and had to resort to violence , " Young said .
" Martin pushed for the liberation of America without killing anybody and without destroying any person or property .
I think that 's ideal and that 's the goal that we have to work toward — a peaceful and prosperous world . "
According to the foundation 's website — www.mlkmemorial.org — the memorial , located on the Tidal Basin between the Lincoln and Jefferson memorials , will feature water , trees and stone that create niches throughout the space .
Each niche will include writing on stone detailing contributions of civil rights martyrs , such as slain NAACP field secretary Medgar Evers or the four little girls killed in the 1963 church bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , says the website , which features a virtual tour of the site .
Also according to the website : • A 28.5 - foot - tall centerpiece sculpted by Lei Yi Xin , a master artist from China , will feature King 's likeness .
Large stones will mark the entrance and feature King 's words .
One stone will read , " With this faith , we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope . "
•
Another will feature the words also carved into the Civil Rights Memorial near Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church , King 's old congregation in Montgomery , Ala . : " Let justice roll down like the mighty waters and righteousness like a mighty stream . "
Organizers will place 200 cherry trees at the site , Johnson said , adding to the many trees around the Tidal Basin donated to Washington by Japan in 1912 .
The annual white blossoms mark spring in the capital .
" Knowing that the cherry blossoms happen to bloom the same week Dr. King gave up is life is kind of metaphorical , " Johnson said .
He believes the water , trees and King 's words will make visitors feel the leader 's spirit of non-violence .
" There will be a sense of peace , " Johnson said .
" A sense of tranquility will come over you as you think about what Dr. King really meant not just to this country but to the world . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I could go on all weekend about Son House , one of the top and longest - lasting country bluesman , but I 'll be kind to you and get to the music quickly .
His original recordings are messages from a foreign land , his sessions and concerts after rediscovery rival Skip James ' ( hear an interview with John Fahey and the future Dr. Demento from that period ) , and both his lyrical and guitar styles are slashing and unforgettable .
" Death Letter " is as deep as country blues gets .
National resonator guitar !
ImTOO DVD to Video is a powerful DVD converting software application to convert DVD movies to almost all video and audio formats ( convert DVD to AVI , DVD to MP4 , DVD to MPEG , DVD to WMV , DVD to DivX ; convert DVD to MP3 , DVD to WMA ) with high DVD converting speed and exceptional quality .
You can now enjoy your entire DVD collection on multimedia players such as iPod , iPad , iPhone , Apple TV , PSP , PS3 , BlackBerry , iRiver PMP , Windows Mobile phone , Xbox and mobile phones all made possible with the ImTOO DVD to Video !
ImTOO DVD to Video also features video or audio- editing options prior to convertping - cut certain clips , merge several clips into one with transitional effects added , crop selected scenes , add subtitles and soundtracks and attach watermarks .
Engined with NVIDIA CUDA & ATI APP technology , 5X faster processing performance is delivered .
Other features include setting the target file size before conversion ; running ImTOO DVD to Video in the background to save resources ; and even setting an action ( shutdown , exit , standby or hibernate ) to auto perform after a task is done .
Try the ImTOO DVD to Video out for yourself FREE now !
The Great E-llusion Germany to Promote Electric Cars with Massive State Aid
The German government wants to promote the development of electric vehicles on a grand scale .
But many industry observers point out that the perceived benefits of e-cars are massively overrated .
In some cases , their carbon footprint is even worse than that of conventional autos .
PROJECT DESCRIPTION
Pyxis is a set of solutions to allow easy GUI applications and side loading of applications on Arduino systems .
This includes an application to convert a high - level custom program language into a custom instruction set .
This project is out - of - date and no longer supported .
We are offering this code as is for educational and personal purposes .
Trying to find the perfect gift for the Trekker in your life ?
Why not try Tiberius cologne ?
Or , if you 're feeling the love , maybe the scent of Pon Farr will do the trick ... though maybe smelling like a frisky Vulcan may not work out so well .
Of course , anything 's better than Red Shirt .
Honestly , though , I have to admit I 'd much prefer this .
Tip o' the VISOR to BABloggee Lindsay F .
Hope you enjoyed the time in the woods !
Tony certainly enjoyed building a doomsday device while Wes hung out in a flooded neighborhood .
We are a little over one week off from Stumptown Comics Fest !
It ’s going to be crazy fun and we have so many spare high - fives to hand out .
The following request for comments is closed .
We , the undersigned , believe that Wikiversity has no clearly defined mission [ 1 ] ; that Wikiversity has become a haven for users banned from other Wikimedia projects ; and that recent behavior emanating from that project has damaged the credibility of other Wikimedia wikis .
We believe that the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees should shut down Wikiversity .
Signatories
It is long past time to shut it down .
Raul654 23:14 , 4 April 2010 ( UTC )
Sure , I 'm not sure if it 's useful , anyway .
Kayau 10:40 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
They need a workable mission and they do n;t have one .
They 're talking about research without even getting to the stage where they can educate .
Perhaps something in the way of a distributed reference desk / mentor system with links to learning resources could be made to work but they 've just got communal chat rooms .
Dmcq 13:03 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
The users of Wikiversity ( and its admins ) have shown time and again that they do not take the educational goals of the project seriously .
Writing a new mission statement wo n't solve that .
It has become a haven for trolls and users expelled from other projects .
Even the " legitimate content " of the project seems to be limited to half - implemented ideas , content dumps , bizarre pet projects , and navel gazing .
Kaldari 14:22 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
This is not the first time Wikiversity has been used to try to do an end - run round foundational goals , and it has become a happy home for grudge - bearing and self - referential " research " into supposed Wikipedia abuses .
Most Wikipedians barely know the place exists so the result can be very heavily skewed .
In the absence of a tangible commitment to pursuing proper standards of academic rigour , as the name implies , I think it is a net detriment to the goals of the Foundation .
I would be very happy if they were able to clean up their act and engage in something rather closer to the goal as I originally understood it , which was to pursue original and reputable academic research in a collaborative environment .
JzG 16:33 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC ) Vote Newlyexist26 21:27 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
The above entry was from a user who made it on his first edit anywhere on an WMF project and appears to be a test edit .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 01:19 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
Oddly enough , I just came here to denounce " Wikimedia Ethics " .
I do n't know this place well enough to propose an AfD , but even as ( as you know ) an unrepentant inclusionist , I do n't see the use of most of the stuff in that article - though certainly it should be possible for a teacher in the field to come up with some sort of useful lecture about Wikimedia ethics , I do n't think this article as presented is seriously worthy of study .
But if you give up on making this project fix the problem , would any successor ?
Should Wikimedia just give up on applying its resources to education in the public interest ?
Wnt 18:39 , 3 May 2010 ( UTC )
Whatever Wikiversity 's original aims were , it seems to have failed them .
It does n't serve an obvious purpose , and does n't have a sufficiently unique scope that would distinguish it from other , better WikiMedia projects .
Given the general low value of much of its content and the potential it provides for disruption and unethical behaviour , I think we 'd overall be better off without it .
Robofish 17:25 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
Wikiversity should provide a sequence of learning carefully graded from introductory to more advanced topics , unlike Wikipedia which unabashedly ( and correctly ) will throw quantum physics and number theory at you until you crawl away in abject humility .
Wikiversity should provide tests to allow users to self - rate their knowledge , and concise study guides to allow them to run through their knowledge and " cram " it in so that they can answer such questions .
It should provide estimates of the amount of classroom time needed to cover a section .
It should recommend other free resources and even ( carefully ) consider advising readers about the copyrighted books and other paid resources that are popular with educators or students .
It should include laboratory exercises and lists for field study .
It should include ways for student end -users to get their questions and confusions all the way back to the guy writing the textbook , so he can make it better .
And that 's just what I thought of in ten minutes .
Wnt 18:39 , 3 May 2010 ( UTC )
Un-signatories
Discussion
Does this proposal refer to all language Wikiversities and also betaversity ?
-- Jtneill - Talk 00:37 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Is this a petition to shut down Wikiversity in all languages or English Wikiversity in particular ?
If this is about English Wikiversity in particular , Wikiversity has Wikiversity : What is Wikiversity ?
Before criticizing Wikiversity for lack of a clear mission statement you may want to consider reading what Wikipedia : Mission [ 2 ] has to say on the subject .
-- dark lama 00:39 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Is this a petition to shut down Wikiversity in all languages or English Wikiversity in particular - I 'm do n't know if all of them are as dysfunctional as the english Wikiversity .
If they are , then yes , this petition is for them too .
But that 's ultimately a decision for the board .
As for pointing out that Wikipedia : Mission does n't exist , that 's a trite response .
Wikipedia 's mission is spelled out at the top of every page - it is a free encyclopedia project .
To wit : Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and , as a means to that end , an online community of people interested in building a high - quality encyclopedia in a spirit of mutual respect .
In addition to that clear and concise definition , Wikipedia : What Wikipedia is not goes on to list 45 similar things that Wikipedia does not do , including dictionary entries , original research , opinion pieces , and memorials .
In short , Wikipedia does a very good job of defining what it does do , and what it does not do .
By contrast , Wikiversity : Wikiversity : What Wikiversity is not is 240 words long , and lists exactly 5 things , including true - but - unhelpful statements like " What Wikiversity is not a degree - granting institution , " " What Wikiversity is not a post - secondary institution , " and the almost - vacuous " Wikiversity is not a static project . "
Really , the only useful item listed at Wikiversity : Wikiversity : What Wikiversity is not is " Other Wikimedia projects " - so Wikiversity is essentially defining itself by doing anything that other WMF projects do n't -- which covers a lot of ground .
Raul654 01:12 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
That covering - a- lot - of - ground can be either a strength or weakness .
One should look at the outcome of the project to decide which it is .
— mikelifeguard@ meta :~$ Using Wikiversity as a launch - pad for vandalizing other wikis is hardly an outcome conducive to keeping it open .
Raul654 04:25 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Raul , what is your evidence and reasoning to support your thesis that Wikiversity is being used " as a launch - pad for vandalizing other wikis " ?
Can you give any specific examples where it was used in that manner ?
— Moulton 06:13 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
Evidence besides the how - to guide to sockpuppeting that was posted there and the " research project " into " ethical breaching experiments " ?
Raul654 06:18 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
I deleted the " how - to " guide 42 minutes after it was posted following a note in the Wikiversity IRC room and discussing the matter with multiple Stewards .
The how - to guide was based on the guide put together by MzMcBride and was mentioned in an ArbCom case that concluded prior to Privatemusings 's posting .
He was warned not to post anything similar to it again .
I offered my resignation to the WMF board if they felt that I did not delete the material fast enough or that they felt that me merely warning and not blocking was not a strong enough response .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 15:38 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
I think an encyclopedia is obviously not a dictionary or a textbook , but none the less Wikipedia felt a need to spell it out .
I imagine there is some historical reasons why such obvious statements are in place .
There are reasons why obvious statements are in place in what Wikiversity is not too .
Schools , colleges , universities , they all cover a lot of ground too .
Wikiversity defines itself by what it is more than by what it is not .
-- dark lama
Note - Learning materials cannot apply to Wikipedia as that is only for encyclopedic content and does not allow for original research , thus " learning " cannot happen ( as learning is an active process ) .
Wikisource is for GFDL allowable printed material that was published already , and does not encompass what can be learning material .
Wikibooks only allows for the creation of books , whereas most learning material is not such .
Jimbo has already stated that Wikiversity has the potential to be the strongest project because of its connection to learning and education .
We already have many projects run by dozens of teachers that not only have online classes but also bring their real life students into the Wiki environment , allowing for a cross relationship between WMF and universities .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 01:34 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
I am pretty sure that Wikibooks would like people reading its textbooks to learn something and would consider good textbooks to be " learning materials " .
The real distinction is that Wikibooks teaches through textbooks while Wikiversity teaches through classes ( as well as permitting original research ) .
And I 've learned several things from Wikipedia as well .
I think the other projects would be well offended at the implication that they do n't offer learning opportunities .
And yet " learning materials " is in the mission statement for Wikiversity .
I do n't agree with the proposal to close Wikiversity , but I do agree that the mission statement needs to be less ambiguous .
-- Adrignola 15:00 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
A text book outside of a classroom is just a reference book .
" Learning " is a process that requires interaction by definition .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 15:20 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
I would also like to ask that any Wikiversity users please not enter into hostilities regarding this matter , turn this into a dispute , or anything else that is similar .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 01:44 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Too late for that .
It appears that darklama has blocked me from Wikiversity for having the gall to criticize it .
Kaldari 18:33 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Would n't it be more productive to just block / ban the people who are n't " playing well with other children " ?
We would n't shut a library just because some of the staff were incompetent or wasting resources .
Fire them , and move on .
They 'll raise a private stink , which everyone can happily ignore , much like we do the stink raised by the people banned from Wikipedia .
Do n't cut off the face to spite the nose , is all I 'm saying .
Discriminate response required .
( I 'm here from the mailing list notice , and am only passingly acquainted with the problematic issue itself . )
Quiddity 19:01 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
The problem , in this case , is that the inmates are running the asylum .
None of the admins on Wikiversity is willing to stick their neck out and clean up the place .
Indeed , many of them are the most vocal supporters of the editors who are disrupting other projects .
Kaldari 20:02 , 5 April 2010 ( UTC )
Wikiversity is likely to listen if shown some empirical data .
Anecdotal evidence is n't enough .
If the editors are blocked from other projects as has been said how can they still be disrupting the other projects ?
Any support is due to lack of empirical data .
Speculation does not demonstrate a correlation .
Interpretation does not demonstrate a correlation .
Where 's the proof ? -- dark lama
( Moving my comments out of #unsignatories section , as I do n't have time to investigate anywhere near thoroughly enough ) .
Well , as a suggestion , with no pussyfooting , anyone who consistently supports blatant crap .
E.g. I 'm baffled as to how Wikiversity : Wikiversity : RFD #Russian Roulette ( Drinking Game ) resulted in no consensus .
Regarding " the issue " itself , the whole thing is bizarre .
Of course an open - wiki can be vandalized , with subtlety .
Structuring it as an " ethical investigation " seems like a really feeble attempt at pretending that it's not directly counter to the principles of " do n't game the system " and " do n't make a mess in order to prove a point " .
Now , I can't read it , so do n't know exact details ( no , please do n't point me to an offsite mirror ) , but it smells distinctly like young philosophy students who " mean well " , but are trying to achieve an end ( something - BLP - something - something at Wikipedia ) by any means possible .
( Yay ! Ethics ! ) .
No .
Quiddity 00:53 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
You can see from the discussion that I wanted the page deleted .
I also deleted Privatemusing 's " how to " page which was the only page that promoted cross wiki socking .
I immediately warned him about it here .
I have blocked people who have crossed the line , I have chastised people who have acted out , and I have made it clear when things get too far out of hand .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 01:18 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
The " ethical investigation " structure you speak of is one of many possible interpretations .
Some people have said they believe the project was about breaking ethics rather than an ethical investigation .
Some people have said they believe the project was about a means for achieving some end .
Some people have said they believe the work was philosophical .
Some people have said the project means well and is not about achieving some end .
Some people have said the project was a thought experiment .
Some people have said the work is about researching any means that is ethical .
There is simply not enough empirical data for Wikiversity to conclude a line was crossed .
Additionally the author of the work has shown a willingness to accept whatever line in the sand Wikiversity decides to make , which means a block is not needed for prevention .
-- dark lama
So if some people have said all kinds of things , why did you block Kaldari for trolling while defending people that encourage it ?
If you can't be objective , do n't try .
Keegan 03:19 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
Are you suggesting people who encourage trolling should be blocked as well ?
Making a call on whether person A encouraged person B is even less objective .
Wikiversity wanting empirical data is not the same as defending people .
A jury can say a person is not guilty due to reasonable doubt while still believing that the person committed the crime , because the burden of proof and evidence was not enough to remove all doubt .
-- dark lama Raul654's post below mine is adequate , but I should reply to you anyway .
Yes , people that encourage trolling should be blocked .
What it trolling ?
It is intentional disruption within the confines of process with malicious intent .
This is what makes trolling different from criticism .
Kaldari was providing constructive criticism , even if it means that xyer opinion is to take the project out back and shoot it .
This is not a blockable offense especially considering it was a rational consideration about the WMF hosting content that intends to disrupt .
I notice a minority of WV contributors participating in this discussion , and it would be quite pleasant to get non-objective eyes from that project engaged here .
Darklama , your block was unjustified , your reasons are unfounded and rely on weasel words like " empirical " ( when that 's not a proven concept in social media ) to put aside the naysayers .
And you block naysayers .
Step away from the keyboard and think about the social construct the the WV environment has built , and how it has lead you to do things like block a good faith contributor .
Keegan 20:55 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC ) I do not agree .
Person
A should only be blocked if and when they troll , and not because person B trolled .
Person B is not Person A's responsibility .
How pray tell , do you tell when someone has a malicious intent ?
How do yo tell when disruption is intentional ?
How do you tell the difference between constructive criticism and trolling ?
If I was blocking people just for being naysayers a lot more people would be blocked .
Empirical data is an important concept in academics , Wikiversity is about academics , and Wikiversity consists of mostly academics .
Even if I step back some by saying that objective reasoning is required there is still problems because its about interpreting facts .
There has been no proof to backup people 's interpretations of the facts .
I believe I know already what has lead to an environment where blocking of potentially good faith contributors takes place , the introduction of the trolling concept into an academic environment where it probably does not make sense objectively .
If WV administrators are told to not put up with trolling than the potential loss of good faith contributors seems unavoidable .
I have only blocked twice for trolling , both are very recent developments I might add .
-- dark lama
I 'll bite , this is an interesting discourse .
First off , you have failed to justify your block of Kaldari based on " empirical evidence " .
Second , the world of science runs on empirical evidence .
The world of the arts does not , it is solely based on intellectual reason .
Your excuse of an academic community is the cause for this rift fails with that point .
Third , if WV can construct itself with an outlined mission statement that can convince academics to work together ( something that the sciences encourage , the arts do n't ) then we can start a debate about the merits of an academic environment and how to properly shape and format it .
You made a bad block , I do n't hate you for it , I would just like to see WV administrators ( custodians ) bite the bullet and admit there are problems and work to fix them .
Simple as that .
OTOH , academics ( and yes , I know more than a bit about the internal aspects of academia while not participating myself ) have trouble doing this .
WV must find the medium , or it 's doomed to become troll heaven .
I do n't think you want that , and I do n't think blocking Kaldari as a troll is constructive to the end which you wish to achieve .
Keegan 03:13 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
I was n't trying to bait you , I 'm glad you find it an interesting discourse .
Wikiversity custodians ( sysops ) are more or less expected to act impartial when making decisions that involve the us of the tools separate from any personal opinions they might have .
I think acting on empirical evidence is a good idea , but that is n't what custodians were told to do .
I think you could call it a conflict or a dilemma right now because Wikiversity expects custodians to do one thing and other people are expecting custodians to do something else .
I think WV does already convinces academics to work together , even if it is n't exactly in the current mission statement WV tries to work that way and encourages it .
You can see a list of brick and motor universities collaborations aka real universities that have contribute to the various language editions of Wikiversity on Beta .
Art vs science maybe that is where the rift in this discourse resides ?
Of course there are problems , including an inability to always agree on what the problems are .
I blocked Kaldari for 24 hours , that block has already expired .
I agree that blocking people for trolling in general is not constructive to Wikiversity 's goals as a community that attracts academics .
I am just trying to deal with the cards that has been dealt to us as best I can , and I hope that either clarification can happen or people can respect that blocking for trolling is not conductive for Wikiversity .
There has to be a happy medium ( I hope ) that allows Wikiversity to continue to work with a " prevention through education " model of dealing with problems , over taking a " prevention through blocking " model whenever possible .
Recent events have contributed to a conflict between those two models of prevention , and Wikiversity participants are not happy about it .
-- dark lama
You can put your hands over your ears and shout " NA NA NA YOUR EVIDENCE IS ANECDOTAL SO I CAN'T HEAR YOU " as loud as you want It 's not a particularly effective argument , nor does it at all rebut the mountain of evidence that WV is a failed project and a haven for banned users .
I count at least five (! ) users banned from other wikis involved in the current goings on : Privatemusings , who started the breaching experiments project , Ottava who tried to deal with it ; Jon Awbry , who signed the letter ; Moulton , who has already edited this petition ; and MisterWiki , who was banned from no less than three projects for uploading copyvios and sockpuppetry ) .
If the editors are blocked from other projects as has been said how can they still be disrupting the other projects ?
- gee , perhaps people are upset with Wikiversity because Wikiverity tolerates banned users who go there to start projects that involve vandalizing other wikis ?
Worse , the WV community actively protest that the Foundation had to clean up the mess they created .
Are you getting it yet ?
Raul654 05:30 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
" Wikiversity is likely to listen if shown some empirical data .
...
Any support is due to lack of empirical data . " - see my comment above , re : putting your hands in your ears and shouting that you can't hear anyone .
Your whole response here - essentially , to deny that there 's a problem when anyone with two eyes can see otherwise ( and , at the same time , your abusive 24 hour block of Kaldari ) - is yet more evidence for why WV should be shuttered .
The inmates have clearly taken over the asylum .
Raul654 05:30 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
For those who have asked how it came to be that Jimbo site - banned me , Jimbo gave his reasons here .
— Moulton 06:13 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
How mature of you to compare people that do n't share your POV to immature children .
How is such a comparison an effective argument ?
Are you trying to be effective by encouraging an emotional response ?
What is the mountain of evidence that you keep speaking of ? -- dark lama
" How mature of you to compare people that do n't share your POV to immature children " - I was n't comparing all the people who I disagree wtih to children .
I was comparing you , Darklama , personally , to children who do that , owing to your repeated posts here wherein you blithely dismiss all the evidence because you think it is anecdotal .
It 's not , and your repeated insistence of such simply proves that your comments here cannot be taken seriously .
How is such a comparison an effective argument ?
- ironically , that 's * exactly * the point I was making .
Dismissing the evidence against WV because you incorrectly claim it anecodatal is not a defense of WV .
It is simply an argument that serves to waste everyone 's time .
Are you trying to be effective by encouraging an emotional response ? - I am pointing out the gaping holes in your argument by aptly comparing them to the immature " I CAN'T HEAR YOU " sort that children use .
What is the mountain of evidence that you keep speaking of ?
- let 's see : ( A ) the numerous banned users involved in this current episode ( stated above ) ( B ) WV 's lack of any mission or project goals ( stated above ) ( C ) the near - complete lack of any meaningful content on WV ( stated by others here ) ( D ) The use of WV as a launchpad for damaging other Wikis ( stated above ) ( E ) The intransigence of the WV community when confronted with these realities ( ala , the petition and the comments here ) while simultaneously decrying Foundation - level " interference . "
Raul654 21:16 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
I was not dismissing reasons people have mentioned here as anecdotal .
I am saying that the reasons people gave at Wikiversity for supporting the deletion of the ethics project was considered anecdotal by the Wikiversity community , an interpretation of the events there .
I may be blind , but I am not deaf .
It is not about dismissing or refusing to see it , I just do not see a problem where other people do .
The problems others see is not obvious to me .
I think this is also true for many of the people coming from Wikiversity .
If I had a problem with acknowledging that other people see a problem where I see none , I would not be here scratching my head , I would just ignore it .
A ) How is numerous banned users involvement a problem ?
B ) As I said before Wikiversity does have a mission .
Wikiversity 's mission can be found at Wikiversity : What is Wikiversity .
I have not noticed any further response to that .
C ) You can find a lot of meaningful content on WV .
Try going through Wikiversity : Browse .
I can agree that finding the good stuff is hard , but that does not mean it does n't exist .
As I have said in Talk : Requests for comment / Improve Wikiversity , Wikiversity does need to improve how it organizes things .
D ) I have n't seen a convincing argument or proof for that yet .
E )
There has n't been any offers to compromise on anyone 's part yet , because nobody has made it clear that there is any room for compromise .
So for the situation has more or less been " this is the way it must be " .
I think Requests for comment / Improve Wikiversity probably shows that there may be room for compromise .
I think the letter was an attempt to get clarification , because compromise thus far has looked like an impossibility .
If you had n't noticed I do n't support the open letter .
Even this RFC makes compromise look like an impossibility .
-- dark lama
After reviewing some content on the discussed website , using the random page approach , i have to agree that some of the material needs supervision , there is questionable material , and for a site that advertises it is a resource for learning , and may , in particular attract children , which need reliable information or else the learning process is undermined .
Such pages are : http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/3.0_Neural_networks , http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Gospel_of_John_%28CBS%29/Week_3 , http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/David_Generelo_Miranda , http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Empathy_Model/Predatory_economics , as well as many unfinished pages .
There are useful pages , but considering the amount of non useful pages i have to agree that something must be done .
While i will not support shutting down the wiki at this time , there has to some sort of supervision of this wiki .
For instance many pages consist of outside links
http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Genetics .
P.S I used 25 random pages , about 5 were questionable and 3 were stubs / templates .
124.182.239.232 08:45 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
After some more searches i came on a wealth of information about nonkilling , written by the the school of nonkilling studies ( http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/School:Nonkilling_studies).
Apparently Leo tolstoy or Martin luther king support this concept , and there are articles suggesting so .
There are also hundreds of Cristian articles , although the muslim pages can be counted on one hand .
Buddism is nonpresent , surprisingly no nonkilling supporter thought to give buddha credit for that as well .
There is a nonkilling and voodoo page , though .
The article http://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/Chronic_Disease_Self-Management points out that " 80 % of heart disease , stroke and Type II diabetes would be prevented and 40 % of cancer would be prevented if risk factors were reduced .
Ultimately , we have control over chronic disease .
If someone engages in risk factors like smoking , not wearing sunscreen , eating too much junk food , not exercising , and drinking too much alcohol , he or she will greatly increase the risk of chronic disease . " well , obviously it is too late .
And the school of nonkilling studies logo appears on the wikipedia page nonkilling [ 2 ] .
I am a bit suspicious of that image .
I don´t actively participate in Wikiversity because my native language is not English : However , this page 's proposal seems to involve all the languages in which the project is developed .
I don´t understand the meaning of the statistics that the IP develops above .
This project is not a corporate or commercial product whose viability can be analyzed based on the quality of certain pages or articles , but a project developed by a community of volunteers .
If entries remain wrong , that only proves that still no one with enough will or commitment has found it and corrected .
What has this to do with closing Wikiversity ?.-- Antur -
Talk / Discusión 14:53 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
This petition refers to the english version .
I do n't know where the " risk factors " come in to this , but it is worth noting ( w:sunscreen controversy ) that sunscreen does not protect against the hardest UV radiation and so can lull the user into catching a melanoma .
Likewise " fat but fit " people have no reduction in lifespan , and moderate drinking actually reduces the yearly risk of death substantially in older people .
So if any of this is related to ethics ( or wikiversity ) consider what side you may be on .
Wnt 18:22 , 3 May 2010 ( UTC )
If banned users from other projects with a low edit count and a high drama ratio are not being dealt with appropriately on Wikiversity , it would seem to make a hell of a lot more sense to deal with the users involved than treat the project as failed and try to have it shut down .
The notion of global WM blocks should probably be more utilised than it is to deal with such things - applying as it would to probably half a dozen individuals at most .
Orderinchaos 02:43 , 5 May 2010 ( UTC )
Alternate Suggestion
Probationary status .
As Wikiversity has welcomed and enabled trolls , vandals , and ethically questionable practices - as someone said above , " the inmates are running the asylum " - perhaps a top - down approach is necessary to reinvent the community , with a strong emphasis on ethics and focused projects .
Currently many , if not most , of the projects seem to fall into one of three categories : inactive or nearly so ; Random bs from someone who has done little or no serious research ( also Pushing Pet Fringe Views ) ; and ill - conceived and unethical projects such as the one which led to Moulton 's banning and the one which led to this Rfc , which are nothing more than stirring up trouble and causing problems under a very thin and implausible veneer of " study " .
I can poke sticks at small children and call it " study " , too , but that does n't make it a legitimate field nor an ethical approach .
Under the probation , all current admins ' status will be revoked without prejudice ; a committee of probationary admins would be installed by the Wikimedia Foundation ( details of selection to be discussed ) and consensus would be secondary to the rulings of the committee .
KillerChihuahua 15:28 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
In that case , it would be a * very * good idea to explicitly prohibit WV projects involving the WMF and WMF - run projects .
That might make WV a less - suitable environment for trolls who want to rehash the reasons they got booted .
Raul654 21:20 , 6 April 2010 ( UTC )
I 've refrained from getting involved in the hope that people would see the absurdity of this proposal and let it die .
I understand your frustrations about the way Wikiversity works , but neither project termination or probation will solve the issues .
We are a community of academics who try to solve our problems through careful reasoned discussion .
I 've heard many cries for reform and change , but no one has provided us with concrete examples of things to work on .
Do n't just tell us it 's broken , help us fix it by providing clear examples and proposals .
You may think we 're a bunch of trolls , or children , or idiots , but we actually will listen to your concerns .
We see the humanity and value of all human beings , and respect your opinions for the insights they provide , even if we do n't always see eye to eye .
I am respectfully urging you to end this talk of closure or probation , and instead provide us with a list of things that you would like to see fixed .
This will go a long way towards towards allowing us to see where the problems are specifically , allowing us to change them .
Geoff Plourde 03:44 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
You state " probation will [ not ] solve the issues " and then ask , what are the issues ?
I presume no comment is needed fro me regarding the absurdity of that .
You state " We are a community of academics ... " I beg to differ .
You may be largely a community of academics .
But I know of no such community where a scheme to intentionally disrupt and vandalize and cause problems at a sister project , one run by the same foundation , would not have been shot down in flames well before it reached planning states .
At least some of your " academics " are ethically challenged - and your admins and " leaders " are proving ineffectual in curbing this kind of behavior .
This is not the first problem .
This is merely the last straw for many .
You assert that you 'll fix it - why have n't you fixed it already ?
I suspect it is because you either do not see the problems or you do not care .
KillerChihuahua 11:47 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC ) Killer Chihuahua , one of the problems we have run into is that we keep hearing cries for change , but no one will provide us with suggestions as to specific actions we can take to remediate the problems .
Instead of simply saying we have problems , provide us with suggestions on how to fix it .
With regards to the ethical breaching project , I think the magnitude 's been highly exaggerated .
A custodian deleted it shortly after it became a problem , and matters were well under control .
I remain confident that we can all work for a permanent resolution of the issues .
Geoff Plourde 18:33 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC ) Geoff : 1 ) After I pointed out your apparent conflict of interest at en: Wikipedia : Articles for deletion / Agape World Fellowship , you told me that you were " a leader and former board member for the organization " .
That seems troublesome .
2 ) the page you built at wikiversity : Topic : Agape World Fellowship , links to " Rights and Rules - AWF official rules that all visitors and members must abide by " .
So , anyone interested in your course has to agree to Agape World Fellowship 's user policies ?
That seems troublesome .
3 ) the page you built at wikiversity : Mere Christianity ( CBL ) links to what appear to be copyright violations , as its primary Resources .
That seems troublesome .
4 ) I do n't even know where to begin with wikiversity : Topic : North American History / Intro and wikiversity : Gospel of John ( CBS ) / Week 10 / Essay .
So , to be discourteously blunt , I 'd say one of the problems ( the English ) Wikiversity has , is teenagers trying to be university professors .
I do n't know why you turned up to play mediator on March 20 , after a 6 month absence from Wikiversity .
Way back in 2006 I suggested to you that trying to assume positions of authority without knowing the ins-and - outs of a community , was n't a good idea ; it still is n't .
[ Plus , How is your time not already all taken up by being an admin at Conservapedia ??]
You surely mean well , but I strongly believe that neither pages you create at Wikiversity , nor your input in this rfc process , is actually very helpful .
Quiddity 13:37 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
I 'm sorry to hear that you feel this way .
I 'm not sure how ( 1 ) is applicable here , so I 'll address the other points you made .
I 've gone ahead and more clearly defined the annotation for Rights and Rules ( 2 ) .
No one is required to use the virtual world , which will be addressed on each course page .
Some websites ( 3 ) get special permission to use copies of Christian books .
I do n't see a specific statement either way so I 've removed it while I email the site that 's hosting it .
If you do n't like the pages in ( 4 ) , you are free to edit the page or start a post on the talk page .
Please keep in mind that I am working with a religious school , not Oxford .
I am at a loss how this would make me a university professor .
Any problems with the courses I create will be addressed during the upcoming review and approval process .
I also do n't have or want any positions of authority at Wikiversity .
I simply want to see peace , rather than strife .
Geoff Plourde 18:33 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
Notes
↑ " help Wikiversity by adding your ideas about what Wikiversity should become , or what it should do . "
That this plea is necessary on a project that has existed for 4 years speaks volumes about the project 's lack of mission .
Wikiversity 's nebulous mission statement , " the creation and use of free learning materials and activities " , could apply to almost any other Wikimedia project , including Wikipedia , Wikisource , and Wikibooks .
Even more telling , it includes a plea for editors to That this plea is necessary on a project that has existed for 4 years speaks volumes about the project 's lack of mission .
↑ Wikipedia does n't have a mission statement either .
There is WP : MISSION though which says to avoid mission statements .
Areas for Improvements
Please post the problems you see on Wikiversity and suggestions for improvement below .
Geoff Plourde 03:50 , 7 April 2010 ( UTC )
Wikiversity is not English Wikiversity
It would be dangerous precedent if griefing on one language could shut down all other languages in a project .
This is something Raul654 should address head - on , rather than passing the ball to the foundation to decide how far to raze , if it does decide to do so .
I can tell quite affirmatively for instance that the Finnish Wikiversity has an impressive list of institutes of higher learning who have opted in to work within it , perhaps most notably the high visibility Aalto - instituutti , which is branding itself as " Educational Institution 2.0 " .
Kudos for this , I think , goes to Wikimedia Foundation Advisory Board Member Teemu Leinonen .
Personally I would have preferred to ignore the closure petition , but it is important to note that as it stands , its scope is hugely overblown .
-- Cimon Avaro 01:15 , 8 April 2010 ( UTC )
Key en.wikiversity statistics
I have complied a page of en.wikiversity statistics at User : A. B. / Sandbox 1 ( permanent link )
This includes :
List of 418 accounts active in the last 30 days
List of active en.wikiversity editors that have blocks recorded on en.wikipedia
List of en.wikiversity custodians ( admins ) and bureaucrats and their en.wikipedia records
Total en.wikiversity pages , revisions to date
Daily number of en.wikiversity revisions
Most heavily edited en.wikiversity content pages ( i.e. , articles )
Disclaimer : I have an account on en.wikiversity as part of my cross - wiki spam cleanup .
-- A. B. ( talk ) 19:47 , 28 April 2010 ( UTC )
RfC closure
Comments are beginning to taper off .
I intend to close and archive this discussion in 7 days unless I see a compelling consensus to keep it open or I see a sudden flood of useful comments .
-- A. B. ( talk ) 16:23 , 27 April 2010 ( UTC )
This Request for comment ( " RfC " ) is now closed as unsuccessful .
The discussion has been winding down and it is time to close it .
Comments :
-- A. B. ( talk ) 14:18 , 5 May 2010 ( UTC )
Please Note : The editor of White Refugee blog is a member of the Ecology of Peace culture .
Summary of Ecology of Peace Radical Honoursty Factual Reality Problem Solving : Poverty , slavery , unemployment , food shortages , food inflation , cost of living increases , urban sprawl , traffic jams , toxic waste , pollution , peak oil , peak water , peak food , peak population , species extinction , loss of biodiversity , peak resources , racial , religious , class , gender resource war conflict , militarized police , psycho- social and cultural conformity pressures on free speech , etc ; inter-cultural conflict ; legal , political and corporate corruption , etc ; are some of the socio-cultural and psycho-political consequences of overpopulation & consumption collision with declining resources .
Ecology of Peace RH factual reality : 1 . Earth is not flat ; 2 . Resources are finite ; 3 . When humans breed or consume above ecological carrying capacity limits , it results in resource conflict ; 4 . If individuals , families , tribes , races , religions , and / or nations want to reduce class , racial and / or religious local , national and international resource war conflict ; they should cooperate & sign their responsible freedom oaths ; to implement Ecology of Peace Scientific and Cultural Law as international law ; to require all citizens of all races , religions and nations to breed and consume below ecological carrying capacity limits .
EoP v WiP NWO negotiations are updated at EoP MILED Clerk
You took an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
The time has come to keep that oath by taking a firm stand , to let the oath breakers in DC know that you and yours will not submit and go quietly as they " transform " our Constitutional Republic into what will rightly meet the definition of a totalitarian state ( without limits on its powers , which it creates for itself out of thin air without the consent of the people ) .
One of the things I find myself yearning for in a lot of programming languages is a powerful pattern matching system .
I wrote one for ruby , but ruby ’s syntax just was n’t flexible enough to make something as elegant as I ’d like .
When I started using clojure , it seemed like a great little project for getting to know clojure ’s macro facilities as well as clojure itself .
I set out to build a kickass pattern matching library for clojure that fit in with the language ’s way of doing things and was at least as expressive than any other pattern matching facility I ’ve used .
The outcome of this effort , is matchure ( github , clojars ) , a pattern matching library for clojure featuring
equality checks ,
sequence destructuring ,
map destructuring ,
regexp matches ,
variable binding ,
“ instance of ” checking ,
arbitrary clojure expressions ,
and boolean operators ( and , or , not ) .
All of which compile down to high performance clojure .
Introduction
Clojure , like most lisps , has a built - in facility which gets you part of the way there : destructuring in most variable - binding contexts .
For example ,
1 2 3 ( let [ a 1 ] a ) ; returns 1
binds 1 to the variable a .
You can just as easily grab the first value out of a sequence :
1 2 3 ( let [ [ fst & rst ] ( list 1 2 3 ) ] [ fst rst ] ) ; returns [ 1 ( 2 3 ) ]
This facility is even more powerful .
You can also destructure maps as well .
There ’s just one problem : let does n’t work well as a way of testing values .
1 2 3 ( let [ [ fst & rst ] ( list ) ] [ fst rst ] ) ; returns [ nil nil ]
This is , in part , why I wrote matchure .
Matchure provides a pattern matching facility that makes it really easy to perform complex tests against values and bind parts of them to variables .
Syntax and Examples
Like any lisp , clojure is homoiconic – clojure code is represented by clojure data structures .
Unlike other lisps , however , clojure has a rich set of data structures with literal representations .
' ( 1 2 3 ) is a linked list , [ 1 2 3 ] is a vector , with fast random access , and {:a 1 , :b 2} is a hash map .
Furthermore , these syntaxes have special places within clojure itself .
Lists are clojure function or macro calls and vectors are used anywhere variables are bound or sequences are destructured .
Aside from being a literal representation in code , the hash syntax is used for destructuring maps in let bindings .
Matchure takes this rich set of literal representations and uses it as a natural way to match patterns .
At the moment , there are three main forms , if - match , when - match , and cond - match .
They work similarly to the clojure built - ins , but match values .
At the most basic level , matchure can be used to test for equality .
1 2 3 4 5 ( if - match [ nil nil ] true ) ;=> true ( if - match [ 1 1 ] true ) ;=> true ( if - match [ " asdf " " asdf " ] true ) ;=> true ( let [s " asdf " ] ( if - match [ " asdf " s ] true ) ) ;=> true
Regular expression literals test for a match
( if - match [ #" hello " " hello world " ] true ) ;=> true
and fully qualified class names test for instance ?
relationships .
1 2 ( if - match [ java.lang .
String " foo " ] true ) ;=> true ( if - match [ java.lang .
Comparable " foo " ] true ) ;=> true
Matchure supports _ and ?
as wildcards , so both of these match anything
1 2 ( if - match [ _ " foo " ] true ) ;=> true ( if - match [ ? " foo " ] true ) ;=> true
_ is idiomatic in clojure when you want to ignore a value .
In matchure , ? has special meaning .
? can be thought of as “ the thing this part of the pattern is matching against ” .
As such , ?
always matches successfully .
It is also used in binding variables .
? foo matches successfully and stores the matched value in the variable foo .
( if - match [ ? foo " bar " ] foo ) ;=> " bar "
just like regular clojure , list literals represent clojure code .
Here , too , the special meaning of ?
comes into play .
You can perform arbitrary tests this way using ? to represent the matched against value :
( if - match [ ( odd ? ? ) 1 ] true ) ;=> true
Just like with let , you can destructure sequences
( if - match [ [ ? fst & ?rst ] [ 1 2 3 ] ] [ fst rst ] ) ;= > [ 1 ( 2 3 ) ]
and maps
( if - match [ { : foo ( even ? ? ) } { : foo 2} ] true ) ;=> true
Finally , unlike any other pattern matching facility I ’ve seen , matchure has support for boolean operators .
1 2 ( if - match [ [ ( and ? fst ( even ? ? ) ) & ?rst ] [ 2 3 4 ] ] [ fst rst ] ) ;= > [ 2 ( 3 4 ) ] ( if - match [ [ ( and ? fst ( even ? ? ) ) & ?rst ] [ 1 2 3 ] ] [ fst rst ] : failed - match ) ;=>: failed - match
or and not are also supported .
You can get the code from github , or use it in your clojure project by grabbing it from clojars .
as a property of a substance refers to its ability to recoil or spring back into shape after bending , stretching , or being compressed .
People can also be more or less resilient , and in this context resilience refers to a person 's ability to withstand or recover quickly from difficult conditions .
Most people think about a person 's resilience as a capacity that , akin to or musical talent , does not vary substantially across contexts .
This view is odd given that the resilience of substances can vary a great deal across contexts .
For instance , water in a warm environment ( i.e. , when it is in a liquid state ) is much more resilient than water in a frozen environment ( i.e. , when it is in the solid state of ice ) .
Similarly , an individual 's resilience can vary dramatically as a function of the social context .
Alex Zautra of Arizona State University , Harry Reis of University of Rochester , and I have written recently about social resilience as an inherently multi- level construct , revealed by capacities of individuals and groups to foster , engage in , and sustain positive social relationships and to endure and recover from stressors and .
Emergent levels of organization , ranging from dyads , families , and groups to cities , civilizations , and international alliances have long been apparent in human existence , but identifying the features of individuals , relationships , and group structures and norms that promote social resilience remains an most important challenge for the behavioral sciences .
Given the market collapse of 2008 , it is at least as important a question for economic science to address , as well .
Social resilience is more than fulfilling friendships and the comfortable exchange of ideas .
Although trust is essential , social resilience is not equivalent to warm hugs , unconditional positive regard , and anti- sentiments .
Both science and the Olympics rest on competition as well as , both involve intense training and criticism , and both enterprises are high in social resilience .
Social resilience recognizes that , as a social species , we work , think , and excel as groups / teams as well as individuals .
Wolves and lions hunt in teams , and by doing so they are able to bring down prey that would be impossible to conquer alone .
Human civilizations rest on the specialization , differentiation , and orchestration of human expertise so that we , as a collective , can achieve more than we could by our solitary efforts .
Social resilience is an emergent ( but not a magical ) property .
People who have diverse interests , skills , and resources and who can work together make it more likely the group as a whole can respond adaptively to unforeseen problems and challenges .
The functions each person serves in such adverse circumstances may not be defined a priori by the knowledge or " skills " of the individuals per se .
Instead , how these individuals are combined can fundamentally change the capacities / functions the group can achieve to address a novel challenge .
When individuals feel rejected , isolated , distrusted , devalued , or simply disliked , they cannot work effectively as part of the unit , and they are less likely to adapt creatively as a unit as required by the challenges they confront .
Socially resilient individuals value diverse perspectives and recognize that many tasks require coordination among persons with differing backgrounds , values , and priorities .
A professional football team would have little chance of success if all their team members possessed identical features and skills .
Social resilience implies not merely acceptance of diversity , but rather the intention to incorporate diverse perspectives into group activity for the creative adaptations that such diversity predisposes .
Non-resilient persons seek to eliminate diversity by excluding individuals who differ or by accentuating pressures toward uniformity .
Surrounding oneself with a lot of mini- me -s can be self - affirming but it does little to help one adapt to new challenges and problems or to withstand or recover quickly from very difficult conditions .
People are not unique in this regard .
Homogenous pools are at greater risk than their heterogeneous counterparts for extinction when exposed to new environmental challenges .
The implications of this point should not be lost on those who use the internet to find and surround themselves only with " like - minded others . "
Core to social resilience , then , is an inclusion of diverse others , an acceptance and to others , mutual respect and care for others , and a responsiveness to others .
A simple touch can provide connection and promote cohesion .
For instance , one study show that people who received a supportive touch were nearly twice as likely to volunteer in class than those who did not , and another shows that a sympathetic touch by a doctor leads to the impression by patients that the doctor spent nearly twice as long with them .
To find out what people think about how to build social resilience , I posted the question on Twitter and Facebook .
I thank all those who responded to this posting .
The responses as a whole were encouragingly consistent with what our ( limited ) science on the topic suggests should promote social resilience .
The following is a sample of those I received :
Share homemade baking goods with your neighbors .
Mail a " thinking of you " card to a friend , with a handwritten message .
Give a friend a gift of an experience rather than a material object .
Better yet , give him or her a pair of tickets so you give them a shared experience .
Speak to the interests of others , and then speak about what you have in common to identify the sweet spot of mutual benefit .
Speaking about your own interests is best done in the context of what interests them .
Take people out of their ordinary environments and gather someplace beautiful to lower interpersonal barriers and to promote , , and .
Incentivize interactions using recognition , respect , affirmation , and approbation rather than money .
Feeding people is a primitive , intimate act , and cooking and eating together can strengthen bonds among those who share the experience .
Encourage others to speak , and be in the moment and listen to what they have to say .
Find ways of being constructively critical that do not feel like attacks or threats to the other person .
For instance , one might begin with positive comments that frame critical comments in a positive context .
Present a challenging scenario and invite others to puzzle it out together while assuring them that they have the ability to solve the puzzle .
Distinguish between the urgent and the important and work together to address the important while managing the urgent .
Email , cell phones , and texting have made it easy to contact others , but dealing with all the queries one receives can leave little time for the important .
As a whole , these suggestions underscore the importance of not confusing social contact with connection , possession with experience , or personal with joint interests .
Given the pace of the contemporary world , it is easy to find oneself multi-tasking even when speaking with another person .
Social communications of this form can be thought of as the equivalent of eating fast food .
Building social resilience is more likely when one savors the interactions with others .
Contemporary technologies do little to promote the development of good listening skills , either .
Reis , Zautra , and I have suggested that good listening to build social resilience is as simple as ABCDE : ( 1 ) Attend : Pay attention to each other with genuine interest .
( 2 ) Being there :
Be present and responsive to one another .
( 3 ) Caring .
Care for one another and accept how things look from the other person 's side .
( 4 ) Do n't interrupt .
Accept all the other has to offer .
( 5 ) Encourage .
Encourage each other , sharing mutual respect and mutual value .
Begin accumulating social wealth today by listening carefully to others and tending to your social resilience .
South Park type TV Show network Comedy Central genre Animated
It sounds simple , by South Park standards :
The 200th episode was about a class - action lawsuit by 200 celebrities defamed by the show — er , the town of South Park .
They were led by Tom Cruise , who demanded to see the Prophet Muhammad .
But there was also the reappearance of “ Jennifer Lopez , ” a hand - puppet wielded by Cartman in the manner of Senor Wences .
And ultimately , the half - hour was a cliffhanger about the true identity of Cartman ’s father .
Gee , maybe it was n’t so simple after all .
The episode was chock - full of celebrities South Park has mocked over the years .
From a Tom Cruise working part - time a fudge - making company boxing up the stuff ( it was Stan referring to the Cruise caricature as one who packs fudge that inspired the lawsuit ) to a George Lucas leading around a leashed , chained , and ball - gagged Harrison Ford , South Park upheld its low standards with great cunning .
Creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone could not resist revisiting what is arguably the series ’ greatest controversy , its attempt to show an image of Muhammad during the 2006 season that was deemed too sensitive by Comedy Central to be a figure of fun .
But this week , the lawsuit brought by the celebrities ( who also included everyone from Oprah to a gigantic , mechanically reconstructed Barbra Streisand ) threatened the town ’s very existence , unless it ceded to Cruise ’s demand :
He wanted to meet Muhammad and extract from him his “ power not to be ridiculed . ”
Opposing the celebrity demand was a terrorist organization — redheads , or “ ginger fundamentalists ” — who threatened to detonate bombs .
Really , it all made sense , right down to “ Miss Lopez ” demanding “ More tacos ! ” as the show paused for an actual Taco Bell commercial .
By the time the episode took its surprising turn — Cartman confronting Mr. Garrison and Mr. Hat to ask , “ Who is my father ? ” — South Park had covered an immense patch of pop-culture ground .
With jokes raining down like hell - fire , the 200th episode spared no one except the South Park kids themselves .
This was South Park distilled to its essence : Cartman and his friends caught up in the stupidity all around them , created by absurd , neurotic , fearful , repressed adults .
Parker and Stone set themselves apart from all this by insisting on remaining juvenile — something like genius juveniles .
Did you watch ?
What did you think of the 200th episode ?
Episode Recaps Previous
The most popular animated series , by state By Gerrad Hall
The 10 best TV shows - within - shows By Chancellor Agard
14 Father 's Day Gifts for Pop Culture Fans By Cristina Everett
South Park : The Biggest Moments From 20 Seasons By Darren Franich Next
Update Jan 30 , 2008 : updated code based on comments and code from Carl
Update Dec 11 , 2008 : updated the code thanks to the comment from Nolan
Here 's the scenario : you have a page that links to some .mp3 files .
You add a line of code in your page and lo and behold , there 's a nice media player embedded into the page .
Your visitors no longer have to download the MP3s , they can just stream it right there .
All the mp3s on the page become part of a playlist .
The line in question you need to add to your page is :
< script src = " http://mediaplayer.yahoo.com/js " ></ script >
More about the player here - yahoomediaplayer.wikia.com
For examples of sites using this player in the wild , try aurgasm.us
A bookmarklet
Now , here 's what you can do if you want to use the player , but the web site owner have n't incorporated it yet .
Take the player with you .
Run my bookmarklet that will simply insert the required javascript into the page .
So here goes in two easy steps :
Grab the bookmarklet : Right - click , add to favorites Y! player
Go to any page that links to MP3s and click your new shiny bookmarklet Enjoy !
Source
The readable source code of the bookmarklet :
javascript : ( function ( ) { var start = function ( ) { YAHOO . mediaplayer .
loadPlayerScript ( ) } ; var script = document .
createElement ( ' script ' ) ; script .
src = ' http://mediaplayer.yahoo.com/js ' ; if ( script .
addEventListener ) { script .
addEventListener ( " load " , start , false ) ; } else { script .
onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( this .
readyState == " complete " ) { start ( ) ; script = null ; } } } script .
type = " text / javascript " ; document .
getElementsByTagName ( ' head ' ) [ 0 ] .
appendChild ( script ) ; } ) ( ) ;
Tell your friends about this post on Facebook and Twitter
Slide 1 of 15 ,
David Glasheen , off the shore of Restoration Island , with his dog , Quasi .
Brian Cassey for The New York Times
Grounding of planes across Europe ' could lead to rise in temperatures '
Temperatures in Europe could rise as a result of planes being grounded across the continent , according to research .
A study conducted after commercial flights were grounded for three days following the September 11 terror attacks found the average daily temperature range in the U.S. rose markedly - exceeding the three - day periods before and after by 1.8 c .
Scientists claimed this showed that clouds formed by the water vapour in the exhaust from jet planes have a small but significant effect on daily temperatures .
Rare sight : Visitors to London 's Kensington Gardens enjoy a sunset without planes in the sky .
The grounding of planes across Europe could have an effect on temperatures
The unprecedented study suggests the UK and Europe will experience a similar pattern .
Planes have now been grounded for 48 hours and there is no suggestion when they will return to the skies , meaning Britons could enjoy hotter than normal temperatures for days .
The UK is already set to enjoy unusually warm weather this weekend , with temperatures in the south to reach a balmy 18 c tomorrow - making it warmer than parts of Spain .
The grounding of flights in 2001 gave scientists a ' tarnished but golden opportunity ' to study the impact that jet planes have on the climate .
Not going anywhere : Planes remain grounded at Gatwick airport as forecasters continue to monitor the fallout from the Icelandic volcano
The team behind the 2002 research , from the University of Wisconsin - Whitewater , compared the average daily high and low temperatures over North America from 11 to 14 September 2001 , with climatic records from 1977 to 2000 .
They matched the weather over those three days with similar weather in September over that period , and found that the difference in daily high and nightly low temperatures in the absence of planes ' contrails was more than 1c greater .
The researchers said that in regions with crowded skies , the clouds formed by the planes ' water vapour worked like cirrus clouds to prevent days from getting too hot and trapping the Earth 's heat at night .
Meteorologists also warned however that volcanic ash could also decrease the temperature , by blowing immense amounts of material into the sky .
Bureau of Meteorology Aerosal Research Manager Jim Haywood said it was likely that Britons would see increased temperatures as a result of planes being grounded .
But he said that could be cancelled out by the volcanic ash , which in effect can act as contrails by reducing the temperature .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
By now , you may have heard of Constance McMillen .
She ’s the 18 - year - old senior and out lesbian who scandalized Itawamba County Agricultural High School in Fulton , Mississippi , by opting to attend the school ’s senior prom with her girlfriend , another Itawamba student — a prospect that seems to have terrified school administrators .
( Also scary to the locals , apparently , was the fact that McMillen wanted to wear a “ men ’s ” tuxedo . )
The case has become a worldwide cause celebre .
But for all the media attention directed at McMillen , the story ’s not really about her .
It ’s about a homogenized school district trying to preserve a down - South culture so exclusive and mean - spirited , it seems like a caricature ripped from a child ’s book report on To Kill a Mockingbird .
And McMillen ’s not the only victim .
The school tried to bar McMillen and her girlfriend from the dance .
The ACLU sued on the students ’ behalf .
Rather than relent , the school district chose to shut down the prom .
According to the local news , anti-gay protesters even hung up signs at the school reading , “ What happened to the Bible belt ? ” and “ Gomorrah . ”
As it turned out , the Itawamba school district was preparing to act very Old Testament .
A federal judge ruled March 23 that the school district did indeed violate McMillen ’s civil rights , triggering a trial in the coming months .
Facing worldwide scrutiny , Itawamba relented and agreed that McMillen and her girlfriend could attend a private prom now being organized by the local parents .
So imagine how McMillen and her date felt when they showed up at the Fulton Country Club … to a ballroom with only five other kids in it , including two of the school ’s outcast learning - disabled students .
“ They had two proms and I was only invited to one of them , ” McMillen tells the Advocate .
“ The one that I went to had seven people there , and everyone went to the other one I was n’t invited to . ”
Her attorney , Kristy Bennett , told another outlet that McMillen “ did n’t stay very long because of the sparse attendance . ”
Sure enough , the ACLU is now investigating whether the bait - and - switch was planned , a “ separate and equal ” event designed to keep the lesbian couple — and anyone else deemed undesirable — away from the student body ’s official gathering .
Amazingly , this is n’t the district ’s worst equal - rights offense this semester .
In February , Itawamba expelled its only transgender student , Juin Baize , only four hours after his first class .
“ People were talking about him all day , trying to get a look at him , ” says McMillen .
“ It was insane , it was ridiculous , it made me so mad .
They said he was causing a distraction with what he was wearing but it was a half day of school and people did n’t have time to get used to him . ”
Baize , who was born a boy but lives as a girl , also contacted the ACLU .
But the group was powerless to defend him , since the district had n’t filled in a reason for the dismissal on his suspension notice , and administrators declined to give a reason to the ACLU .
In the meantime , McMillen is becoming something of an advocate for all of Itawamba ’s varied outcasts .
She was especially sensitive to the two learning - disabled students who had been relegated to her sham prom .
“ They had the time of their lives , ” she says .
“ That ’s the one good thing that come out of this , [ these kids ] did n’t have to worry about people making fun of them [ at their prom ] . ”
With all this in mind , here ’s a letter to the editor of the Mississippi Clarion - Ledger that ’s worth reprinting in its entirety .
Some of the local school district ’s detractors think it was n’t draconian enough in dealing with its gay students .
Perhaps next year , Itawamba can forgo the prom entirely and just host a screening of Birth of a Nation .
Toyota 's sudden acceleration problems seemed to get immeasurably worse last week when San Diego resident James Sikes '
Prius appeared to accelerate uncontrollably , requiring assistance from a California Highway Patrol officer 's car to come to a stop .
The media frenzy that ensued spread the story to every corner of the Internet , TV and print worlds .
But now it looks like the whole thing may have been a hoax .
Or a scam .
Toyota ( NYSE : TM ) today revealed its preliminary official findings after investigating the incident and the car , coming to the conclusion tha the accelerator pedal was functioning normally , the front brakes showed severe wear and damage from overheating , the floormat in the car was the correct type but was not installed properly , the push - button start / stop switch worked properly , and that the shift lever also easily engaged neutral , as well as other factors that indicated nothing was at fault mechanically with the Prius involved .
Toyota even tested the brakes to overheating and found that the car could still be stopped from high speeds .
The sum of these elements lead Toyota to conclude that there is no apparent reason for the problem itself , and that Mr. Sikes ' account of events should be investigated further - - a tacit way of saying that they do n't believe a word he 's saying .
In its release , Toyota stated , " there are strong indications that the driver 's account of the event is inconsistent with the findings of the preliminary analysis . "
The release went on to state , " Toyota engineers believe that it would be extremely difficult for the Prius to be driven at a continuous high speed with more than light brake - pedal pressure , and that the assertion that the vehicle could not be stopped with the brakes is fundamentally inconsistent with basic vehicle design and the investigation observations .
" Clearly , Toyota is staking out its territory on the matter , but it remains to be seen if Sikes and / or independent investigators will be able to show that the " runaway Prius " was more than a Balloon Boy - like attention grab .
For more details on Toyota 's ongoing unintended acceleration issues , and the recalls surrounding them , check out the links below .
We 'll keep you up - to - the - minute on the situation as it develops .
Read the full press release on page 2 .
Toyota Sudden Acceleration : Is It All Older Drivers ' Fault ?2004-2008
Toyota Prius Recall Will Reshape Accelerator Pedal
NHTSA Has No Software Engineers or EEs To Analyze Toyotas
RECALL : 2010 Toyota Prius , Lexus HS250h For ABS Software Update
UPDATE : Braking Issue In 2010 Toyota Prius Hybrid , Recall TBD
Piling On : Problems With Prius Brakes Are Toyota's Latest Worry
Is Woz 's Prius Acceleration Just Toyota 's Wacky Adaptive Cruise ?
Toyota Offers Preliminary Findings From Technical Field Examination of Alleged ' Runaway Prius ' in San Diego
• Toyota Engineers Conclude Two Days of Investigation
• Driver 's Account Of Event Inconsistent With Initial Findings
SAN DIEGO , Calif. , March 15 , 2010 --- At a press conference today , Toyota Motor Sales ( TMS ) , U.S.A. , Inc. offered key preliminary findings of technical field examination and testing that were performed on March 10 and 11 regarding an alleged " runaway Prius " event dramatically covered by national news media .
Toyota engineers completed an investigation of the 2008 Prius driven by Mr. James Sikes that was the subject of a 911 emergency call on Monday , March 8 .
The driver reported that the vehicle was traveling at a high rate of speed , the accelerator pedal was stuck , and that the vehicle was out of control and could not be stopped .
The emergency operator repeatedly instructed the driver to shift the car into neutral and turn off the power button .
A California Highway Patrol officer intercepted the vehicle and instructed the driver to press firmly on the brakes , apply the emergency brake and turn off the car , at which time the Prius came to a safe stop .
While a final report is not yet complete , there are strong indications that the driver 's account of the event is inconsistent with the findings of the preliminary analysis .
Toyota engineers employed data download / analysis , static and dynamic testing as well as thorough inspections of all relative components .
In addition , they retraced the reported driving route taking into account driving time and accounts from the 911 recording .
The investigation revealed the following initial findings :
• The accelerator pedal was tested and found to be working normally with no mechanical binding or friction .
It should be noted that the Prius is not subject to a recall for sticking accelerator pedals and the Prius component is made by a different supplier than the one recalled .
• The front brakes showed severe wear and damage from overheating .
The rear brakes and parking brake were in good condition and functional .
• A Toyota carpeted floor mat of the correct type for the vehicle was installed but not secured to the retention hooks .
It was not found to be interfering or even touching the accelerator pedal .
• The pushbutton power switch worked normally and shut the vehicle off when depressed for 3 seconds as the 911 operator advised Mr. Sikes to do .
• The shift lever also worked normally and neutral could be selected .
The neutral position is clearly marked and can be easily engaged by moving the lever left to the " N " marking . •
There were no diagnostic trouble codes found in the power management computer , nor was the dashboard malfunction indicator light activated .
The hybrid self - diagnostic system did show evidence of numerous , rapidly repeated on - and - off applications of both the accelerator and the brake pedals .
• After examination of individual components , the front brakes were replaced and the vehicle was test driven , during which the vehicle was observed to be functioning normally .
• During testing , the brakes were purposely abused by continuous light application in order to overheat them .
The vehicle could be safely stopped by means of the brake pedal , even when overheated .
The Prius braking system uses both conventional hydraulic friction brakes and a regenerative braking system which switches the electric drive motors into brakes to generate electricity .
The system features a sophisticated self - protection function which cuts engine power if moderate brake pedal pressure is applied and the accelerator pedal is depressed more than approximately 50 percent , in effect providing a form of " brake override .
" This function , which is intended to protect the system from overload and possible damage , was found to be functioning normally during the preliminary field examination .
Toyota engineers believe that it would be extremely difficult for the Prius to be driven at a continuous high speed with more than light brake - pedal pressure , and that the assertion that the vehicle could not be stopped with the brakes is fundamentally inconsistent with basic vehicle design and the investigation observations .
These findings suggest that there should be further examination of Mr. Sikes account of the events of March 8 .
NHTSA investigators were present during Toyota 's examination , and are conducting their own investigation of the vehicle and its performance .
Toyota 's examination was also observed by a congressional staff member .
Posted April 6 , 2010 By Presh Talwalkar .
Read about me , or email me .
.
" All will be well if you use your mind for your decisions , and mind only your decisions . "
Since 2007 , I have devoted my life to sharing the joy of game theory and mathematics .
MindYourDecisions now has over 1,000 free articles with no ads thanks to community support !
Help out and get early access to posts with a pledge on Patreon . .
.
I ’m not a fan of gift cards , but a recent promotion got my attention .
A store was giving a bonus for gift card purchases .
It worked like this : if you purchased a $ 50 gift card , then you would get a $ 10 gift card for free .
I thought the 20 percent bonus made it a decent deal .
As I was mulling the offer , I got to thinking and a curious idea struck me .
I thought : the 20 percent bonus is nice , but what would happen if I repeated the process ?
What would happen if I used the bonus gift card towards another gift card purchase and redeemed another free bonus ?
Would the deal be any sweeter ?
I set to calculation and confirmed the potential for gaming .
Repeating the promotion does in fact increase the bonus !
To see why , let us go through some mundane calculation .
The first time you do the offer , you end up with $ 60 in gift cards for spending $ 50 in cash , which translates to a 20 percent bonus ( 60/50 – 1 = 20 percent ) .
The second time you do the offer you have a leg up .
You can use the free $ 10 gift card bonus from the first round towards the next purchase .
This means you only need to spend an extra $ 40 in cash to qualify for the promotion and you end up with another $ 60 in gift cards .
All in all , you have netted a total of $ 110 in gift cards ( $ 60 first round , $ 50 net from second since you spend the 1st round ’s free $ 10 bonus ) while spending only $ 90 in cash ( $ 50 first round , $ 40 second ) .
The bonus is therefore 22.2 percent ( 110/90 – 1 ) — just a little bit higher than before !
I was excited to see a sort of multiplier effect when repeating the promotion .
So it got me thinking about several questions :
How big can the bonus get if repeated infinitely ?
What is a general formula for other gift card bonus structures ?
Does the formula depend on the scale of the gift card or only the percent bonus ( i.e. 20 percent bonus versus $ 10 bonus from $ 50 versus $ 20 bonus from $ 100 )
How do the bonus offers compare ?
Does a 20 percent bonus scale any differently than a 10 percent bonus ?
This post is a bit of mathematical excursion , but I hope at least a few of you will enjoy this !
How big can the bonus get if repeated infinitely ?
It was fun to see the gift card bonus actually increased when the promotion was iterated .
How does the bonus grow when repeated even more ?
It is useful to calculate a few terms to see the general formula .
The first time you have to spend $ 50 to get $ 60 in gift cards .
But the second time you only have to spend an extra $ 40 in cash , plus the free $ 10 bonus from the first round , to end up with an additional $ 60 in gift cards .
You end up with $ 110 in gift cards for spending $ 90 in cash .
The third time is much like the second .
You again have to spend an extra $ 40 in cash , plus the free $ 10 bonus from the second round , to end up with an additional $ 60 in gift cards .
All in all , you end up with $ 160 in gift cards for spending $ 130 in cash .
This is a bonus percentage of just over 23 percent .
Here is a table with a few more of the terms :
We can see the bonus is approaching something like 25 percent .
But what is it exactly ?
To figure that out , we need to deduce the general formula for the gift card bonus , which is the ratio of the gift cards you get divided by the cash you spend .
Think about the general process to deduce the formula .
What is happening each round is that you have to spend an extra $ 40 in cash to net an extra $ 50 in gift cards ( it ’s net since you get $ 60 minus the free $ 10 gift card you have to use ) .
The general bonus can therefore be written as :
Now we can see what happens in the infinite repetition .
We can prove the limiting discount is 25 percent :
Pretty cool , but how does this work in general ?
What is a general formula for other gift card bonus structures ?
To write a general gift card formula , we will need a little bit of extra notation .
Let ’s say the free gift card bonus is F and the gift card purchase amount is G .
Now we will rephrase the logic we went through symbolically .
Remember that in the above example :
–in the first round , you end up with $ 60 but you have to spend $ 50 in cash
–in the second and ongoing rounds , you end up with a net $ 50 for spending an extra $ 40 in cash
To rewrite that using variable notation :
–in the first round , you end up with F +
G but you have to spend G in cash
–in the second and ongoing rounds , you end up with a net G for spending an extra G – F in cash
I will skip some of the trivial algebra and simply remark the general formula takes the expression :
Does the formula depend on the scale of the gift card or only the percent bonus ( i.e. 20 percent bonus versus $ 10 bonus from $ 50 versus $ 20 bonus from $ 100 )
There is an interesting question here about whether it ’s the percent bonus ( 20 percent ) or the exact terms that matter .
So let ’s calculate an example to get an idea .
Instead of giving a $ 10 bonus on $ 50 , imagine the promotion was $ 20 on $ 100 .
How would the bonus change ?
We can use the general gift card formula to see .
In the second iteration , we can see that you get $ 220 in gift cards for spending $ 180 in cash .
This translates to a 22.2 percent bonus–exactly the same as before with the $ 10 bonus from $ 50 !!
You can verify with a few more terms to see that it must be the percentage and not the specific terms .
How can we prove this ?
Let us define a new variable as the percent bonus .
In symbolic terms , P = F/G .
Now , in the general formula , let ’s divide each term by G and see what happens :
As you can see , the terms F and G “ disappear , ” and the resulting formula depends only on P and n— that is , we have proven it is the percentage that matters and not the scale of the promotion .
How do the bonus offers compare ?
Does a 20 percent bonus scale any differently than a 10 percent bonus ?
We can take the limit to see how bonus formulas scale in general :
The resulting formula shows that the gaming effect is larger for bigger initial bonus .
An example is that a 10 percent initial bonus only grows to a meager 11 percent bonus , but a 20 percent to a 25 percent bonus , and a 50 percent bonus translates into a whopping 100 percent bonus !
A closing note
Obviously it would be impractical to buy so many gift cards .
Luckily the bonus converges decently quickly , so this could be a strategy for reselling gift cards or for giving gifts to friends at a decent discount .
In writing this post , I also learned some companies restrict using gift cards to buy gift cards .
Be sure to check if you want to try this out !
LET'S FIGHT DUMB WITH DUMBER !
JOIN THE NUT - TEA PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Nut-Tea-the-Squirrel...
Rally To Expose Tea Party for What They Are
Sarah Palin and the Tea Party movement epitomize the complete insanity of what is going on politically in this country .
The Birther Movement , the Climate Change Deniers , the " Obama is a Muslim / Socialist / Communist / Nazi " labeling , all share a common thread .
All these beliefs are based on misinformation campaigns completely devoid of any truth , and are resulting in working families mobilizing against their own interests ( healthcare for all , taxing the top 5 % , keeping the estate tax high , etc. ) .
The huge amount of misinformation being generated by the right wing has one huge byproduct and that 's FEAR .
And that fear takes us right to our basest instincts , so it 's easy to bring out the worst in us , which accounts for the amount of hatred being generated .
It 's the Blacks .
It 's the Gays .
It 's Liberals .
It 's the Immigrants .
They Want Our Country !
It 's hard to fight hate , and it's hard to fight fear , but one thing works well on both :
LAUGHTER .
Specifically , the kind generated by turning the insanity of the lunatic fringe back on itself , as the people of San Francisco recently displayed in staging a counter protest against the Westboro Baptist Church , the God-Loving folks who brought us the " God Hates Fags Message :
Well , Nitwit Central is headed our way , Boston .
Sarah Palin is going to be speaking at a Tea Party in Boston on the Boston Common on April 14th at 10 AM , and I think it 's up to REAL REAL AMERICANS ( black / white , gay / straight , first generation / Mayflower generation , left / right , Democrats / Republicans ) to say , " ENOUGH " .
We cannot afford to let morons dictate public discourse anymore .
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing – Edmund Burke
The media is increasingly treating these insane fringe groups as mainstream America , and that does n't align with reality .
Look at Palin's Tea Party speech to 8,000 lunatic fringe folk in Searchlight , Nevada .
The media covered it like a presidential debate , including live coverage by C - Span , CNN , MSNBC and her employer , Fox " News " .
So we propose to fight dumb with dumber , give ‘em what they want , only stupider .
Let 's face it , truth and common sense do n't work for a lot of folks in the Tea Party / Sarah Palin / Fox " News " / Limbaugh crowd .
Otherwise Glenn Beck would n't have a show .
It 's hard to be afraid and it's hard to hate when you 're laughing ( Name a funny conservative comedian that is n't on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour ) .
So I suggest we fight serious ridiculousness with silly ridiculousness .
Our Goal is to use every group we can to bring together as many people as possible to the Boston Common on April 14th to push back on the real nitwits with our own brand of nitwittery !
We want real groups ( SEIU ) , real funny groups ( Billionaires for Wealthcare ) fake funny groups ( Gay Nazis for Human / Animal Marriage ) and as many sign - carrying bodies as we can assemble .
To Quote Animal House :
I think that this situation absolutely requires a really futile and stupid gesture be done on somebody 's part .
And We 're Just the ( People ) To Do It .
Wanna Help ?
Here 's What You Do To Be Part of The Nut – Tea Party !!!
( Or Just Want To DO SOMETHING If You 're Not A Joiner )
1 ) WEAR Something Blue ( So People Know Why You 're There )
2 ) MAKE A Sign or Banner ( Suggestions Below Or Make Up Your Own FUNNY or SILLY sign – nothing heavy , man !
If You Can't Make a Dopey Sign , Wear Blue and Show Up Anyway .
Maybe Someone Nice Will Make Extra Signs ( Hint , Hint Artsy Craftsy Types ! )
3 ) CALL -EMAIL-TWEET
Your Friends / Organizations to Do The Same .
Let 's Start A Good Virus For Once !
4 ) SHOW UP !
At the Common April 14th at 9:30 AM ( Car pool , MBTA , Gossamer Wings )
5 ) HAVE FUN !
( And Play Nice , Walk Away Laughing )
Some Suggestions for Silly Signs or Banners ( Do n't Forget the Creative Misspellings )
Obama Wants Us To Wear
Silly Hats !
I 'm Hopey , Changey , Dopey , Derangey
Free To Be NUTZ !
Workers Unite To Stop Alien Earth Conquest !
I 'm Coo-Coo for HealthCare
I Obey the Chip in My Head !
Glenn Beck for Pope !
I 'm Angry ‘ Cuz My Taxes Went Down !
Keep Your Government Hands Off
My Government - Run Medicare !
This Rally Brought To You Ho Chi Stalin Hitler !
Ann " The Man " Coulter Teabagged Me !
Libertry for Sheep !
Big Government NO !
– Big Turtles – YES !
Glenn Beck for Supreme Donut King !
I Forgot What I'm Angry About !
Stupid Is The New Smart !
Glenn Beck Says : " Aliens Are Stealing Our Underpants ! "
Pass Gay Marriage So I Can Marry My Dog
I 'll Have What Rush Is Having
Do n't Violate My Constipational Rights
I 'd Rather Have My Baby Die of A Curable
Disease Than Be Called A Socialist !
Hey !
Where 's All the Black Folks At !
LET'S DO IT PEOPLE !
WE CAN'T ALLOW SARAH TO TAKE A BIG ALASKAN HUSKY DUMP IN OUR BACK YARD !
Wanna Help !
Here 's What You Do To Be Part of The Nut – Tea Party !!!
( Or Just Want To DO SOMETHING If You 're Not A Joiner )
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Nut-Tea-the-Squirrel...
Once upon a time , Facebook could be used simply to share your interests and information with a select small community of your own choosing .
As Facebook 's privacy policy once promised , " No personal information that you submit to Facebook will be available to any user of the Web Site who does not belong to at least one of the groups specified by you in your privacy settings . "
How times have changed .
Today , Facebook removed its users ' ability to control who can see their own interests and personal information .
Certain parts of users ' profiles , " including your current city , hometown , education and work , and likes and interests " will now be transformed into " connections , " meaning that they will be shared publicly .
If you do n't want these parts of your profile to be made public , your only option is to delete them .
The example Facebook uses in its announcement is a page for " Cooking . "
Previously , you could list " cooking " as an activity you liked on your profile , but your name would not be added to any formal " Cooking " page .
( Under the old system , you could become a " fan " of cooking if you wanted ) .
But now , the new Cooking page will publicly display all of the millions of people who list cooking as an activity .
Cooking is not very controversial or privacy - sensitive , and thus makes for a good example from Facebook 's perspective .
Who would want to conceal their interest in cooking ?
Of course , the new program will also create public lists for controversial issues , such as an interest in abortion rights , gay marriage , marijuana , tea parties and so on .
But even for an innocuous interest like cooking , it ’s not clear how this change is meant to benefit Facebook 's users .
An ordinary human is not going to look through the list of Facebook 's millions of cooking fans .
It 's far too large .
Only data miners and targeted advertisers have the time and inclination to delve that deeply .
There is one loophole — tell Facebook you 're under 18 .
Under Facebook 's policy for minors , your interests would only be visible for friends and family and verified networks .
You would not be publicly listed on these new connection pages .
However , this only works as you set up a new account .
The new connections features benefit Facebook and its business partners , with little benefit to you .
But what are you going to do about it ?
Facebook has consistently ignored demands from its users to create an easy " exit plan " for migrating their personal data to another social networking website , even as it has continued — one small privacy policy update after another — to reduce its users ' control over their information .
The answer : Let Facebook hear your frustration .
Last December , when Facebook announced a new round of privacy degradations , it provoked a potent combination of public outrage , legal threats , and government investigations .
In response , Facebook listened to some criticism and walked - back a few of its changes .
Now it will allow users to adjust the visibility of information in their profiles , such as hiding your friend list from other friends .
If you want Facebook to walk back these new changes too , let them know how you feel .
Update : A few people have contacted us by email and through Facebook to ask for clarification about this post .
They 're confused by the language in Facebook 's announcement , which describes the new changes as " opt-in " .
The issue with Facebook 's latest change is not that they force you to link your interests without permission , but rather that they remove an option to express yourself on the profile without links .
As we noted , Facebook users now face a Hobson 's choice between the new Connections and no listed interests at all .
As Facebook explains , " If you did n't connect to any of the suggestions , the sections of your profile to which those suggestions corresponded will now be empty . "
( The transition tool also allows you to delay the choice by saying ' Ask Me Later ' ) .
Previously , you could list interests in your profile without linking ; after the transition , you cannot .
You do have options to adjust visibility on the profile page , for which we commend Facebook , but nevertheless , this is not a true opt - out because the all the " Facebook Pages you connect to are public . "
Facebook users would be better off and better able to express themselves if they could choose whether or not to link their interests and activities to a community , if they decide to list them .
Artwork : Chip Taylor It 's April Fools '
Day and tech firms and other online destinations are putting their best practical jokes forward .
This year we 've spotted a secret plot to take over the world , a teen sensation gets carried away with his own ego , YouTube tries a new video resolution , and one social network hands over total control to its users .
PCWorld also has its own bag of tricks with an exclusive report on how the speed of modern PCs is causing widespread injuries across the U.S.
In another scoop , PCWorld camera expert Tim Moynihan takes a first look at the AceShot XR7000 - the smallest DSLR camera ever .
Here is my top 10 list of April Fools ' jokes for April 1 , 2010 .
Hulu's Secret Plan
Head over to Hulu on April 1 , select a video and you 'll see a new fake Hulu option to view content in 3D .
You wo n't need those special glasses you snuck out of the Alice in Wonderland screening last night , but you will go through the looking glass to see the horrible truth about Hulu and television itself .
It turns out there is scientific proof that TV really will rot your brain , and the entertainment industry is filled with aliens ( of course we already knew that ) .
Reddit
Everybody 's an administrator over at social news filtering site Reddit this April Fools ' Day .
Once you 've logged in just turn your admin powers on ( look to the right side of the screen next to your username ) , and enjoy your unchecked power .
You can edit headlines , ban other users by clicking on the ' A ' next to their names , and vote up stories an infinite number of times .
Something tells me chaos is going to reign supreme on Reddit today .
One thing that 's not so funny is that this practical joke appears to publicly reveal specific users '
IP addresses , creating a significant breach of privacy .
I hope those IP addresses are fake , but it 's hard to tell for sure .
Bieber or Die
Fans of the viral video site Funny or Die will be in for a shock this morning , as their favorite comedy site has caught Bieber fever .
The entire site is designed around the teen pop sensation Justin Bieber , after the singer bought up the site as a tribute to himself .
As Bieber says in a video explaining the switch , " anything that 's not Bieber dies . "
Google Goes Topeka
You 've already heard about Topeka , Kansas renaming itself Google as part of a stunt to become part of Google 's municipal broadband project .
Google has decided to repay that tribute by renaming the company Topeka .
" We had a fair amount of brand equity tied up in our old name , " Topeka explained in a company blog post , " But the more we surfed around ( the former ) Topeka 's municipal website , the more kinship we felt with this fine city at the edge of the Great Plains . "
Topeka has even offered new phrases for the company name like " Before our blind date I Topeka 'd him . "
New sizes at Starbucks
Forget about Tall , Grande and Venti , Starbucks has two new sizes : Plenta and Micra .
The Plenta is a 128 - ounce drink for caffeine addicts who can't get enough coffee , and for those who need just a tiny sip , you can get the 2 - ounce Micra .
And do n't worry about all that paper waste from the new Plenta sized - cup , Starbucks says you can reuse your gigantic Plenta cups in a number of useful ways including as a planter , lampshade or yoga block .
TEXTp
You 've heard about high definition resolution like 720p or 1080 p , but what about TEXTp .
Every video you watch in TEXTp resolution creates videos out of random streams of text , kind of like ASCII art .
YouTube says watching videos in TEXTp helps save about $ 1 in bandwidth costs .
Check out a sample below :
Google Translate ... for animals
Google has been coming out with so many cool mobile applications like Google Goggles that uses an image as a search term .
Now there 's Google Translate for Animals from Google UK ?
Just open the new app on your Android device , select the animal language you need to translate , then record your dog 's bark cat 's meow or pig 's oink .
You device will then translate those sounds into something humans can understand .
Google says the application can only translate into English right now , but more languages should be coming soon including Pig Latin .
Wikipedia
Wikipedia English is full of trickery today with featured articles on the front page about the ancient English practice of Wife Selling , as well as strange but true news about a certain Japanese company that accidentally sent some of its customers back in time to 1999 .
Hadron II
The Independent is reporting on a plan to bring a second Hadron Collider to London , England .
But instead of building new underground tunnels to smash particles in London , the plan calls to turn the Circle Line of London 's subway system into a particle accelerator .
However , health and safety advisers are concerned about a " mini black hole being created at Westminster [ home to the British government ] when the two proton beams collide to recreate the conditions of the Big Bang . "
The original Hadron Collider is located near Geneva , Switzerland , and scientists hope to use the machine to recreate the conditions of the Big Bang that gave birth to our universe .
Qualcomm
Device and chip maker Qualcomm is getting into the April Fools ' spirit by confronting reports about people being " savagely attacked by butterflies . "
The problem is reportedly related to Qualcomm 's prototype Mirasol displays that " mimic the way butterfly 's wings reflect light " to make mobile displays more energy efficient .
The vivid colors found in the displays apparently triggered the butterfly aggression .
Check out this video on Facebook to learn more .
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
Federal law protects jackasses
Let 's make all the children " normal "
It 's all just pure disease mongering
( Natural News ) The Disease Mongering Engine , which I invented a couple of years ago and posted on NaturalNews , was initially created as a joke to demonstrate the ridiculousness of the fictitious diseases that are constantly created by the psychiatric industry .
This hilarious online disease generator ( https://www.naturalnews.com/disease-mongering... ) allows you to instantly create your own fictitious diseases and disorders such as : • Repetitive Dysmorphic Nose Picking Disorder With Itching ( RDNPDWI ) • Oppositional Disorganized Speaking Disorder With Indigestion ( ODSDWI ) • Chronic Bipolar Anticipation Dysfunction With Smelly Feet ( CBADWSF ) ... and so on .
Here 's the bizarre part :
All of a sudden , the new psychiatric diagnostic manual ( DSM - V ) appears to have adopted as medical fact many of the disorders that were created by the Disease Mongering Engine !
This new manual , for example , now says that spending a lot of time thinking about sex is a disorder .
( That immediately paints every teenage boy as " diseased . " )
Another new disease is " Oppositional Defiant Disorder " ( ODD ) , which includes anyone who disagrees with authority .
All those who are skeptical about the safety of vaccines , for example , are about to be diagnosed with ODD .
Now , people who are antisocial are n't merely antisocial .
They 're suffering from " Antisocial Personality Disorder " and require pharmacological treatment .
So the prick neighbor is n't merely a prick anymore ; he 's a " sufferer " of a " disorder " who needs " treatment .
" Children are no longer unhappy or throwing a temper tantrum , they are suffering from " Temper Dysregulation Disorder with Dysphoria . "
( I 'm not making this up ... )
Are you cracking up yet ?
If George Carlin were still alive today , he'd go berserk over this ...
Carlin , of course , would have been diagnosed with countless psychiatric disorders just for being different in his own genius way .
The examples of ridiculous disorders seems endless .
But here 's the real kicker in all this :
Thanks to federal laws that were designed to protect people who are physically disabled , people who now " suffer " from these fictitious disorders are now protected under federal law .
So the antisocial prick jackass working at your office can't be fired now because he 's actually suffering from a diagnosed " mental disorder " and he 's being " treated " by psychiatrists .
As columnist George Will described it in a Washington Post article , " If every character blemish or emotional turbulence is a " disorder " akin to a physical disability , legal accommodations are mandatory .
Under federal law , " disabilities " include any " mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities " ; " mental impairments " include " emotional or mental illness . "
So there might be a legal entitlement to be a jerk .
" There might even be legal protections for people who are sexual predators .
So the creepy pervert at the office who feels you up in the snack room can't be fired either -- he 's only suffering from " Hypersexual Disorder " , a new disorder now defined as a " mental illness " by the psychiatric manual which describes it , in part , as : " A great deal of time is consumed by sexual fantasies and urges and by planning for and engaging in sexual behavior . "
( Well gee , there goes half the population ... ) There 's another danger in all this psych - tagging of human behavior :
What about all the creative , genius children who operate far beyond the intellectual norms of regular , average kids ?
As George Will explains : Based on the new DSM -V , children who do n't fit in as dumbed - down , average kids will be flagged as diseased and could be cognitively castrated by whatever psychiatric drugs are necessary to bring them down to the level of all the other kids .
Why have exceptional children when they can fit in better as " average !
"
The point in all this is that .
Now even the mainstream media is seeing the stupidity in naming every human emotion or eccentricity a " disorder . "
When the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post ( among other mainstream papers ) start questioning the validity of modern psychiatry , you know a line has been crossed .
As the Wall Street Journal reported just yesterday , " Patients who seek psychiatric help today for mood disorders stand a good chance of being diagnosed with a disease that does n't exist and treated with a medication little more effective than a placebo . "
( http://online.wsj.com/article/SB100014240527...
Three years ago , such a sentence only would have appeared on websites like NaturalNews.com , but now these words are appearing in the mainstream media .
Amazing .
It just goes to show you that psychiatry has now lost credibility with even the mainstream media that has long support the industry 's disease mongering schemes .
Psychiatry 's greatest achievement over the last decade appears to have been destroying its own integrity , much to the benefit of the world population which would be far better offpsychiatry .
That 's my opinion , at least .
Or maybe I 'm just suffering from Oppositional Defiance Disorder like everyone else who thinks for themselves .
Do n't forget toby playing with the Disease Mongering Engine :
And while you 're at it , check out www.CCHR.org where you can watch full - length documentary exposing the fraud of the psychiatric industry
Boyfriend watches his girl get her pussy licked by her girlfriend
Another great homemade sex video from tattooed bi-girls Paula and Jenny .
Pussy licking , tit sucking , lesbian experimentation , vibrator …
The lucky boyfriend was kind enough to record the hot girl on girl fun – his girlfriend getting her pussy licked by HER girlfriend – for all to see .
1,452 views
Taiwan 's military simulates Chinese air attack
by Staff Writers
Hualien , Taiwan ( AFP ) April 27 , 2010
Taiwan 's military Tuesday lifted the veil on how it would respond to a massive Chinese air attack , showing that the island still takes the risk of war very seriously despite improving ties .
Journalists were invited for the first time to a drill simulating aerial assaults on Taiwan 's major air bases and testing the military 's ability to recover quickly from such a shock .
The manoeuvres , staged at a military air base near Hualien city in eastern Taiwan , played out a scenario in which runways were bombed by waves of bombers or missiles from the mainland .
" The drill is aimed to test our ability to repair runways as soon as possible so that fighter jets can take off should the air base be attacked , " air force spokesman Lieutenant General Pan Kung - hsiao told reporters .
The exercise involved hundreds of troops , some operating heavy engineering equipment such as bulldozers , hydraulic shovels and bomb disposal engines .
Pilots and logistic supply staff also demonstrated emergency procedures for four French - made Mirage fighter jets , which were ready for take - off six minutes after being scrambled .
Military analysts say any Chinese invasion of Taiwan would be preceded by saturation air bombardment meant to wipe out civilian and military airports and key government facilities and paralyse transportation systems .
Tuesday 's exercise came after a Chinese flotilla , including two submarines and eight other ships , conducted drills in the East China Sea near Okinawa and then moved to the Pacific Ocean , according to Japanese media .
The appearance of the Chinese fleet -- the largest assembly of Chinese warships ever spotted in the region , according to Japan 's defence ministry -- has triggered alarms in Taiwan .
Taiwan 's Deputy Defence Minister Chao Shih - chang warned in parliament Monday the operation indicated China was now able to bypass the island 's fortified west and attack the island from the east .
Ties between Taipei and Beijing have improved markedly since Ma Ying - jeou of the China - friendly Kuomintang party came to power in 2008 , pledging to boost trade links and allowing in more Chinese tourists .
But Beijing still maintains it could use force against the island , which it regards as part of its territory since their split in 1949 at the end of a civil war .
You just got Glenn Becked . [ PIC ]
You just got Glenn Becked . [ PIC ]
Discussing the beginnings of the walkman probably requires a brief look at the audio scene in the ’70s .
The audio industry was enjoying success in the growing home stereo market , and the implementation of the transistor for a portable AM band receiver created a pocket radio “ boom ” in the ’60s which continued well into the ’ 70s .
“ Boomboxes ” or battery - powered one - piece stereo systems were growing in popularity near the turn of the decade , with sound eminating through two or more loudspeakers .
Consumers appreciated the ability to listen to high fidelity sound without being confined to sitting near a home stereo system .
Pocket - sized micro and mini-cassette players were also successfully sold by companies like Panasonic , Toshiba and Olympus .
So , was the development of a “ personal ” stereo system an obvious step in the evolution of audio ?
Shu Ueyama of Sony cites that this invention was purely accidental .
Organizational changes were taking place at Sony in 1979 and the tape recorder division was pressed to market something soon , or risk consolidation .
They came up with a small cassette player capable of stereo playback .
The invention was born from a tweaked Pressman ( Sony ’s monaural portable cassette recorder ) and a pair of headphones .
Sony chairman and founder Akio Morita heard of the invention and was eager to market it .
The final design of the TPS - L2 , the personal stereo cassette player was completed on March 24 , 1979 .
Sony then formulated a unique marketing campaign to sell the contraption .
But first , what to call it ?
The name needed to present the idea of portability , so they considered Stereo Walky .
Unfortunately , Toshiba was already using the “ Walky ” name for their portable radio line .
The new product was a descendant of the Pressman so Walkman was proposed next .
Senior staff responded to this name with doubts , as it sounded like a Japanse phrase clumsily made English .
The name would fly in Japan but the product would be marketed in the US as the Sound - About and in the UK as the Stowaway .
Again , senior staff thought twice about the naming conventions –globally marketing a product with regional labels would prove costly , so Walkman was ambivalently accepted as the name of this new personal stereo system .
The next task was marketing the product .
The story behind Sony ’s market research was legendary : they did n’t do it !
Said Akio Morita in a 1982 Playboy interview , “ The market research is all in my head !
You see , we create markets . ”
But how does one convince the public they need a product that they ’ve never owned or seen ?
The first step was to get the word out to people who had influence on the public , like celebrities and people in the music industry .
Sony sent Walkmans to Japanese recording artists , tv and movie stars free of charge .
They also began an innovative marketing campaign , targeting younger people and active folks .
The Walkman was engineered carefully to make it affordable to this market , priced to be around 33,000 yen ( Sony was 33 years old at the time .
Coincidence ? )
The imagery Sony successfully used around their Walkman gave the feelings of fun , youth and most importantly , freedom .
Their invention allowed one to bring an exceptional listening experience anywhere .
The Walkman craze began in Japan and reached the US by 1980 .
Other audio companies jumped on the personal stereo bandwagon , and by Spring of 1981 , at least two dozen companies were selling similar devices , many of which were marketed with catchy names of their own .
Toshiba had their Stereo Walky , Infinity had their Intimate , Panasonic sold their Stereo - To - Go , GE marketed their Escape , and even discount audio producer Craig followed suit with the Soundalong .
Styles and colors varied from the Walkman , but several key features were found on early models : two headphone jacks ( listen with a friend ! ) separate left and right channel volume controls , and a neat but impractical “ hotline ” switch , as Sony called it .
Pushing this button turned on an ambient microphone so the listener could hear the noise around him instead of the music .
Strangely enough , all of these features disappeared from portables a year or two later .
While one may be tempted to criticize these other companies as Walkman “ wannabes , ” We should instead appreciate their accomplishments , for together they provided us with what we refer to as the walkman “ Golden Age . ”
A marketing person described this movement accurately .
“ During any product development , ” he said , “ the first few years are associated with innovative design and quality . ”
He ’s absolutely right .
Many personal stereo products emerged and surpassed the Walkman in terms of features and price .
Sanyo ’s M5550 was smaller than the Walkman , more durable with its all - metal chassis and contained a variable tape speed dial .
Aiwa , owned by Sony since 1969 created a product line initialized by their TPS30 , a personal stereo cassette recorder .
Akai ’s PM - 01 had FM tuning capability through the aid of a cassette - shaped radio module .
What an incredible concept : in an effort to confine the space of a personal stereo , how can one add features at the same time ?
The logical , yet nonetheless remarkable idea was to place a radio within an audio cassette chassis and engineer it to send the audio into its cassette player home .
Toshiba had the same functionality and offered an AM module , also .
Companies like Infinity worked at sound quality .
Their Intimate offered Dolby noise reduction .
Koss sold their radio - only Music
Box with a set of their well - reputed over - the - ear headphones , and offered circuitry to notify the user when he or she was listening to audio that was “ too loud . ”
High grade stereo component manufacturer Proton even stepped into the ring and sold a model that included some hi-tech circuitry previously available only on $ 1000 + stereo equipment .
Many groaned after seeing the $ 150 price tags of Sony and Toshiba and settled for their $ 20 earphone - clad radios until names like Unic , Randix Audiologic , Craig and Yorx came along cheap personal stereos .
Discount manufacturers seized the opportunity during the portable stereo craze .
Products similar in shape and functionality ( but not necessarily quality ) were marketed as the Walkman , using photographs of people on the go , in sneakers , roller skates and on bicycles .
Fortunately , these companies made a personal stereo available for everyone .
Competition was strong as throughout the early ’ 80s and new ideas were popping all of time :
Sony feeling the pressure worked on engineering their Walkman line be smaller , while still looking and sounding better .
Long Island , New York audio company Mura decided to focus on the radio - only stereo , so they enhanced functionality in their Hi Stepper line .
One model even offered TV audio reception .
Popular US electronics distributors like Radio Shack , Sears and JC Penney also jumped on the bandwagon by selling their own personal stereos .
Overseas audio manufacturers like Grundig and ITT were selling similar portables that rivaled the quality of Japanese brands .
JVC announced the “ be-all ” of portables in 1982 : the CQ - F22K .
This was the first portable stereo that included all of the features we ’re accustomed to having today , like Dolby noise reduction , auto - reverse and AM / FM tuning .
Perhaps the most exotic feature offered on a personal stereo at the time was the wireless feature discovered on some gray market Aiwa CS - J1 units .
They apparently transmitted an audio signal that would be received by special headphones .
Sony offered their affordable Walkman II , or WM - 2 in a small , shapely all - metal chassis .
This remains the most successful model of all time , selling 2 1/2 million units .
By 1983 , Everyone was shopping for a personal stereo .
As with any fad , many groups raised concerns with the Walkman .
Were we at risk while performing daily activities like driving or walking around town oblivious to the world around us ?
Would we go deaf or catch brain damage ?
Would we turn into anti-social creatures , encapsulated in our little personal stereo world ?
Of course , these concerns did n’t slow the Walkman movement even slightly .
We caught MTV ’s tongue - in - cheek airing of “ Video Killed the Radio Star , ” but teenagers did n’t think twice about strapping on a pair of samarium cobalt headphones and banging their heads to Autograph ’s “ Turn Up The Radio . ”
The generation gap widened as young people became “ wired . ”
With the exception of school , many kids spent their waking days with a personal stereo on the hip .
Several initial players in the personal stereo market dropped out as the ’ 80s endured , but Sony , Aiwa , Toshiba , Sharp , Panasonic and Sanyo thrived .
Product lines widened from $ 25 “ disposables ” to $ 200 professional - grade models .
Niche models popped up , like Sony ’s durable Sports line , and Aiwa ’s featured - packed J Series recorders with stereo microphones and wired remote controls .
Perhaps Sanyo and Sharp enjoyed the most success with their inexpensive portables , aimed at young and price - conscious buyers .
If you were sick of wasting AA batteries , you had solar - powered walkmans available , like Sony ’s WM - F107 and Mura ’s Sun Stepper .
Sony and Panasonic even offered models that contained two cassette drives , so you can listen to one cassette right after another , or dub a copy of an original recording .
We also noticed the blossoming of an industry to provide aftermarket accessories for personal stereos .
We ’ve all had to buy a second set of headphones at some point , some of us purchased little desktop speakers allowing our little personal stereo to become a home one of sorts .
Unitech marketed a cushioned vinyl travel bag for your walkman that contained little stereo speakers inside .
Simply pop your unit into it and you ’ve got a boombox .
Signatech sold a trendy vest that sported loudspeakers on the shoulders and special walkman “ pocket ” for an audio source .
The walkman craze ( note the lower - case “ w ” , as the name was entered into the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986 ) continued its run , and prices dipped as functionality rose .
By 1985 many models featured graphic equalizers for even better sound , tape direction change and auto - reverse features for ease of use .
The average model required two batteries , as opposed to the typical four in 1980 .
Sony announced a belt - free “ direct drive ” mechanism for remarkably low wow and flutter ( terms that describe the warbling noise in audio cassette playback ) .
Panasonic offered their “ Radio Card , ” the thinnest pesonal stereo radio ever .
1986 marks the year that we identify the beginning of the end for the walkman , for it was in this year that Sony announced the D - 50 , a portable audio device that played a new digital medium called the compact disc .
The public was eager to hear the “ perfect ” sound of the CD so they rushed out to grab a “ Discman . ”
Audio companies again followed Sony and began focusing their efforts to this new technology .
Walkmans did n’t wane in popularity initially , for all pre-recorded music was available in cassette form and there was no consumer CD recorder at the time .
As we approached the turn of the decade , features digital tuning , clocks , alarms , rechargeable batteries , wireless headphones and logic controls .
But the walkman novelty had worn off , replaced by the CD and later the mini-disc .
Today , personal stereo cassette players and radios bear little resemblance to their predecessors from years prior .
They ’re absolutely disposable , averaging $ 20 in price and offering key features like pastel and chromey colors , rounded edges and clear plastic chassis .
Obviously little effort is put into the design or engineering of the walkman , for manufacturers believe the audio cassette is a dying medium , soon to be replaced with the digital technology of hard disks and RAM cards .
This sad state is what drove us to build this site .
We hope you can appreciate the obsolete device we call the walkman .
It changed our perception of sound and became a cultural icon .
It was a gadget with soul .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A Russian company is marketing a devastating new cruise missile system which can be hidden inside a shipping container , giving any merchant vessel the capability to wipe out an aircraft carrier .
Potential customers for the formidable Club -K system include Kremlin allies Iran and Venezuela , say defense experts .
They worry that countries could pass on the satellite - guided missiles , which are very hard to detect , to terrorist groups .
“ At a stroke , the Club - K gives a long - range precision strike capability to ordinary vehicles that can be moved to almost any place on earth without attracting attention , ” said Robert Hewson of Jane ’s Defense Weekly , who first disclosed its existence .
A promotional video for the Club -K on the website of Moscow - based makers Kontsern - Morinformsistema - Agat shows an imaginary tropical country facing a land , sea and air attack from a hostile neighbor .
It fights back by loading three shipping containers concealing Club - Ks onto a truck , a train and a ship , disperses them , and then launches a devastating strike on its enemy , destroying its warships , tanks and airfields .
“ The idea that you can hide a missile system in a box and drive it around without anyone knowing is pretty new , ” said Hewson , who is editor of Jane ’s Air - Launched Weapons .
“ Nobody ’s ever done that before . ”
Hewson estimated the cost of the Club - K system , which packs four ground or sea- launched cruise missiles into a standard 40 - foot shipping container , at $ 10 - 20 million .
“ Unless sales are very tightly controlled , there is a danger that it could end up in the wrong hands , ” he said .
The promotional video showed how an ordinary shipping container with the Club - K inside could be hidden among other containers on a train or a ship .
When required , the roof lifts off and the four missiles stand upright ready to fire .
An official reached by telephone at makers Kontsern Morinformsistema - Agat declined to answer questions about the Club-K .
He said the firm had no spokesman and he needed time to study written questions before passing a request to the firm ’s management .
Russia is one of the world ’s top arms exporters , selling a record $ 8.5 billion of weapons last year to countries ranging from Syria and Venezuela to Algeria and China .
Its order book is estimated to top $ 40 billion .
Mikhail Barabanov , a defense expert at Russia ’s Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies ( CAST ) , said that as far as he understood , the Club - K was still at the concept stage .
“ Potential clients include anyone who likes the idea , ” he said .
“ It is known that the United Arab Emirates has shown interest in buying the Club . ”
Barabanov said the Club -K used proven missiles from Novator , an established Russian maker of weaponry including anti-submarine , surface - to - air and submarine - launched missiles .
One of the missiles on offer is a special anti-ship variant with a second stage which splits off after launch and accelerates to supersonic speeds of up to Mach 3 .
“ It ’s a carrier - killer , ” said Hewson of Jane’s .
“ If you are hit by one or two of them , the kinetic impact is vast ... it ’s horrendous . ”
Fears of a public health threat are being hosed down by authorities in Victoria after the revelation a doctor has been suspended from practice because 12 of his female patients have contracted Hepatitis C .
The anaesthetist has the disease and police and the Medical Practitioners Board are investigating how it was transmitted to the women .
The Department of Human Services says DNA tests have linked the strain of the virus found in the women to the strain the doctor has .
The doctor has not been named , but he was working at an abortion clinic in Melbourne between June 2008 and December 2009 .
Critics say the public should have been notified about the possibility of infection far sooner .
Hepatitis C takes a long time to surface .
It can cause fatal liver problems and is very hard to treat .
People with the infection can pass it on if their blood gets under the skin or into the bloodstream of another person , possibly through the use of a shared syringe .
In this instance the anaesthetist passed his Hepatitis C onto 12 women , many of whom were pregnant when they were infected with the disease between June 2008 and December last year .
At the time the anaesthetist was working at the Croydon Day Surgery in outer east Melbourne .
Health authorities do not know how it happened .
They do not believe anyone else has been infected but they cannot guarantee it .
Victoria 's chief health officer , Dr John Carnie , says other people who visited the surgery are being tested .
" I mean I am pretty confident that if there were any other notified cases we would have picked them up .
But for completeness sake we are going to call these other people back and get them tested as well , " he said .
Accident or deliberate ?
Dr Carnie says he cannot explain how 12 people could be infected by accident .
" Accidents might involve say one or two patients , but we are dealing with a cluster of 12 patients .
So at this stage there is nothing in the processes and procedures at this clinic that would enable me to explain how it happened , " he said .
He says investigations began in December when three people presented with Hepatitis C who had each been treated at the clinic over a six - month period .
Officers asked for all staff involved in surgical procedures to be tested .
" All of the staff at the time tested negative except for one of their medical practitioners who happened to be overseas at that time , " Dr Carnie said .
" So on that person 's return from overseas we arranged for that person to be tested - and this was at the beginning of February - and the results were clear , the person was Hepatitis C positive .
" We then asked the lab to conduct what are called sequencing studies .
What it means is comparing the structure of a virus that you get from patients and comparing that structure with the virus that was obtained from the doctor concerned ; similar to I guess doing a kind of fingerprint matching if you like .
" And the laboratory has found that there is a clear link from a structural point of view between the viruses of the three patients that we initially identified and that of the doctor . "
Notification criticism
There are concerns authorities took too long to notify the public about the possibility of infection .
National president of the Maternity Coalition , Lisa Metcalfe , says it has taken a long time for authorities to act and women are vulnerable .
" Where medical practitioners have been acting inappropriately and it has taken the Health Department some time - I mean 12 cases is a lot of women to be exposed to this kind of alleged abuse , " she said .
" It has taken a long time for them to actually act on it and to have effect , take effect and to do something about reining these medical practitioners in . "
In 2008 in the United States a district health authority in Nevada issued a public warning and called on people who had used a Las Vegas clinic over a four - year period to be tested for Hepatitis C and HIV .
The warning came after an investigation found the clinic had been responsible for unsafe anaesthesia injection practices .
The Southern Nevada Health District identified six cases of Hepatitis C at the clinic , five of which stemmed from procedures on the same day involving anaesthesia .
It said a syringe that was used to administer anaesthetics to one patient may have contaminated the vial from which the anaesthetics were drawn .
Intended for single use only , the vial was subsequently reused .
The district advised 40,000 patients to contact their doctors and get tested for the disease .
Nothing like this happened in Victoria .
Instead authorities went to the clinic and asked for a record of patients .
Officials are gradually going through the list and contacting patients one by one .
Chief health officer Dr John Carnie says they did not want to alarm members of the public by issuing a warning in the first place back in February .
" We are in the process of starting to call people back , other people who may have had procedures at this clinic , " he said .
" We did n't want them to be alarmed by a call from the department but we wanted them to be aware of the issue that we are dealing with , and that was the reason for making this public . "
Posted by John , April 28th , 2010 - under Uncategorised .
Tags : Bolivia , Climate change , Cochabamba accord
There are now two sides in global climate politics – theirs and ours .
In December , Barack Obama forced world leaders to accept the “ Copenhagen Accord ” – an agreement to do nothing about climate change .
At the end of the conference in Bolivia last week , 30,000 people met in the Cochabamba football stadium .
They were mostly Bolivian , mostly workers , and mostly “ indigenous ” .
In Bolivia a majority still speak the “ native ” languages they spoke when Columbus invaded .
But there were people from over 100 countries there too .
Our “ Cochabamba Accord ” was read to the crowd .
We had passed it in a reasonably democratic process over the last three days .
It ’s an astonishing document .
It calls for radical cuts in carbon dioxide emissions , no market solutions , and an end to capitalism .
In the stadium , I stood in front of two circles of indigenous mountain peasants , mostly middle aged .
They were well into their coca ritual , blessing and chewing the leaves , when Hugo Chavez of Venezuela began to speak .
They listened to every word , the women leading the clapping when they approved – for instance when Chavez mentioned Lenin .
Horn
At the big moments , when he attacked American imperialism , shouted “ revolution ” , or thundered “ Che ! ” , the older men blew deep rumbling notes on their cow horn trumpets .
This was a stadium full of politically organised communities .
Bolivian president Evo Morales spoke , saying , “ On to Cancun ” .
The UN climate talks in November are in that US tourist - dominated , concrete hell in Mexico .
We will pit our Cochabamba Accord against their Copenhagen Accord .
These are the two sides .
We need to be clear about Morales and Chavez .
Both preside over a deep contradiction .
They speak of socialism and revolution .
Yet capitalist bosses still control most companies .
Evo ’s Movement To Socialism party paints “ Dignity ” and “ Respect ” on slum and village walls .
These words are real and lived .
But they do not feed the children .
The majority in that stadium were workers , but the leaders spoke of them as peasants and indigenous people .
All this weakens and limits the governments .
Many NGO activists are looking for things in the Accord to criticise .
They may , or may not , be right in the details .
But most NGOs cannot support the Accord because it attacks imperialism and capitalism , by name , and calls for socialism and revolution .
Support
In any argument about the Accord , we must start with support .
We also need to be realistic about the climate movement in Britain ( and Australia – JP ) .
Most of it is not ready for these ideas .
But for many thousands this will be electric .
The global centre of the climate movement has shifted from the NGOs and the middle classes to organised farmers and workers in a poor country .
The Native Americans , so long persecuted , marginalised and impoverished , are now the global leaders of an organised fight to save the Earth .
We have hope now .
On to Cancun .
Jonathan Neale reporting in Socialist Worker from Cochabamba , Bolivia .
The greatest hockey player ever is teaming with two of the sport 's most iconic local faces in an attempt to buy the Dallas Stars , according to two sources familiar with the organization 's current business landscape .
With long - time owner Tom Hicks intent on selling the team , a group led by Wayne Gretzky , Mike Modano and Brett Hull has emerged as a serious bidder .
" It 's nothing formal , as if they 're about to sign on the dotted line , " says one source .
" But it 's gone past kicking the tires .
This could happen . "
Update : Modano says he 's yet to have any talks with Gretzky .
I still say the group , at some point , will be a serious bidder for the team .
Stay tuned .
Gretzky , widely considered the greatest player to ever lace up a pair of skates , recently sold his minority stake in the Phoenix Coyotes when the NHL bought the team as part of the franchise 's bankruptcy re-organization .
After two seasons as co-general manager of the Stars , Hull is currently the team 's executive vice president .
Modano , meanwhile , is in the twilight of his 16 - year career in Dallas .
The all - time leading scorer and face of the franchise since its move here from Minnesota in 1993 , Modano will likely retire after this season .
His final game at American Airlines Center is Thursday night .
Since winning the Stanley Cup in 1999 , the Stars under Hicks have suffered a gradual but significant decline in attendance , TV ratings and relevancy .
This year 's disappointing team was officially eliminated from playoff contention over the weekend .
Hicks , beset by a professional financial crisis , hired Galatioto Sports Partners to search for new owners for the Stars .
He has said he is willing to sell his majority stake in the team .
It is not clear who else is involved in the group 's bid and it's too early in the process to have developed an ownership structure .
It is certain , however , that the Gretzky group would keep the Stars in Dallas .
The proceedings wo n't begin in earnest until Hicks ' sale of the Texas Rangers is completed .
Incoming Rangers ' owner Chuck Greenberg said last week he expects the deal to be finalized the week of April 19 .
Stimulant drugs , such as Ritalin , are given to some children with ADHD
The brains of children with attention - deficit disorders respond to on - the - spot rewards in the same way as they do to medication , say scientists .
A Nottingham University team measured brain activity as children played a computer game , offering extra points for less impulsive behaviour .
Their findings , published in Biological Psychiatry , could mean lower doses of drugs such as Ritalin in severe cases .
But they warn teachers and parents may often struggle to give instant rewards .
Estimates vary , but it is believed that up to 5 % of children in the UK have some form of attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
This can lead to behavioural problems including impulsive actions , fidgeting and poor attention span , and can affect a child 's academic and social progress .
Our study suggests that both types of intervention may have much in common in terms of their effect on the brain
Professor Chris Hollis , Nottingham University
In severe cases , stimulant drugs such as Ritalin , which act on parts of the brain associated with attention and behaviour , can be given .
In addition , parents are often asked to try to influence the child 's actions directly by rewarding positive behaviour and making sure that there are negative consequences if a child behaves badly .
Research has suggested that , unlike in non-ADHD children , these incentives and disincentives only work well if delivered on the spot , as opposed to later in the day or week .
The Nottingham team wanted to look at the effects of this " behaviour therapy " in the brain of the child .
They devised a computer game in which children had to " catch " aliens of a certain colour , while avoiding aliens of a different colour .
The game was designed to test the children 's ability to resist the impulse to grab the wrong sort of alien .
To test whether incentives made a difference , in one variant of the game the reward for catching the right alien was increased fivefold , as was the penalty for catching the wrong one .
Lower doses Activity in different parts of the brain was monitored using an electroencephalogram ( EEG ) .
They found that the incentives helped the children perform better at the game , although not to the same extent as the child 's normal dose of Ritalin .
However , the EEG revealed that both were " normalising " brain activity in the same regions .
Professor Chris Hollis , who led the research , said that the combination of drugs and incentives produced the best results , and might mean children with ADHD could take lower doses of drugs while maintaining control of their behaviour .
He said : " Although medication and behaviour therapy appear to be two very different approaches of treating ADHD , our study suggests that both types of intervention may have much in common in terms of their effect on the brain .
" Both help normalise similar components of brain function and improve performance . "
However , he conceded that it might not always be practical to use behavioural therapy .
" We know that children with ADHD respond disproportionately less well to delayed rewards - this could mean that in the ' real world ' of the classroom or home , the neural effects of behavioural approaches using reinforcement and rewards may be less effective . "
Andrea Bilbow , from the National Attention Deficit Disorder Information and Support Service ( Addiss ) , echoed this : " It means you have to be in front of that child 24/ 7 , and you just can't do that - teachers and schools would have to totally change the way they deal with this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I believe there is no need to explain what is grunge style all about .
Day by day we see more grunge fonts out there and I am quite grateful for that !
From my point of view grunge fonts are one of the coolest fonts out there .
Just take a look below .
I put together 20 awesome grunge fonts you ’ll love .
All of them are free !
Enjoy !
Downtown
Ginga
Street Blues
Teacher Sez
Mono Madness Regular
Public Gothic Federal
Insect
Everyday Ghost
Gothical
Toy Soldiers Bold
Angelic War
Rock Garage Band
Undecapped Vinyl
Grymmoire
Underwood 1913 Light
Bauer Plauge Death
Working Class Hero
Inked
Reclaim
Steak
About the author
Peter Olexa is a freelance graphic designer born in Bratislava , Slovakia .
He has over 15 years of experience in corporate identity and web site design .
Follow Fonts2u at Twitter :
@fonts2u
Fonts2u at Facebook :
Fonts2U Fanpage
Mika Hakkinen could be a potential manager for Lewis Hamilton © Sutton Images Enlarge Related Links Drivers :
Mika Häkkinen
|
Lewis Hamilton Teams :
McLaren
Rumours have intensified this week that Mika Hakkinen could soon become Lewis Hamilton 's manager .
In the wake of his professional split with his father Anthony , Hamilton has been perusing offers from potential managers .
1998 and 1999 world champion Hakkinen already works with a young F3 driver at his own manager Didier Coton 's Monaco - based Aces Group , and said last Sunday : " Perhaps I will come back to F1 as a manager . "
The Italian sports daily Tuttosport now reports that a deal between Aces / Hakkinen and Hamilton could be made in the very near future .
Hamilton 's career is currently handled by McLaren , but team boss Martin Whitmarsh is pushing his driver to appoint a " dispassionate , independent " manager .
Hakkinen won his two world championships with McLaren and retired in 2001 .
Hideo Kojima is once again teasing us , revealing that he is working on an important project .
In a mysterious tweet Kojima revealed that if he messes up the next project he will probably have to leave the gaming industry .
That ’s a huge amount of pressure to put on yourself mate .
Here is a quote from the tweets he sent last night ( which was probably in the morning where he is ) .
“ The next project will challenge a certain type of taboo .
If I mess up , I ’ll probably have to leave the industry .
However , I do n’t want to pass by avoiding that .
I turn 47 this year .
It ’s been 24 years since I started making games .
Today , I got an ally who would happily support me in that risk .
Although it ’s just one person .
For a start , it ’s good . ”
To add to the speculation , it has been reported that Kojima was seen tweeting about Mechs earlier this week .
Which of course lead many to believe that his next project will be a Zone of Enders 3 .
I have a feeling Kojima ’s statement about messing up the project is a matter of politics rather than him doubting his own ability .
Props | VG247 | Andriasang
Share this :
Tweet
Mexican television footage aired on the Web site of the Spanish newspaper El Mundo shows Tomas working the animal with his cape when the bull makes a quick turn toward the matador and catches him in the groin , lifting him into the air for a few seconds and shaking its head with Tomas dangling from its sharp left horn .
Collectible figure with porcelain face $ 12.99 Skunk Doll Stinky the skunk from the Babes in the Wild Series .
Collectible stuffed skunk approximately 9 1/2 " high , with a baby 's face made of porcelain .
The baby has long eyelashes made of real hair and one eye is closed in a wink .
The mouth is open and reveals two lower teeth .
This is the real thing , not a plastic , bean filled imitation .
Not suitable for young children .
See what our customers say about this item !
· Received today and I just love it .
Skunks Rule .
Features
Face is made of porcelain !
Specifications Height and Width 9 1/2 " x 7 " See Also Questions about ordering ?
View Shipping Charges More Pictures
Order Information Item Number
849-5528475 Price
$ 12.99 Quantity : All Prices in US Dollars
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
The men say the meat was in a box marked as containing cardboard
Two Greenpeace activists are on trial in Japan after trying to expose alleged embezzlement in the whaling fleet , which is heavily government subsidised .
The pair took a box of whale meat from a courier company warehouse and displayed it at a news conference .
They said it was evidence whalers were smuggling meat to the black market with the knowledge of the authorities .
But an investigation into their allegations was dropped and they were charged with trespass and theft .
The two men face up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki are pleading not guilty , although they admit taking the whale meat in northern Japan in 2008 .
They said the meat , which weighed 23kg ( 7st 1lb ) and had been in a box marked " cardboard " , had been stolen by a fleet crew member for the black market .
Greenpeace said it had evidence others had also smuggled whale , disguised as personal baggage , and accused them of defrauding Japanese taxpayers with the approval of officials from the fleet .
Repeated clashes
The fleet operator said staff were given small amounts of meat as a bonus for spending months in the Southern Ocean .
Prosecutors initially agreed to investigate the activists ' allegations , but then arrested them .
Greenpeace hopes the case will spur opposition to whaling in Japan .
The Japanese fleet kills hundreds of the animals during annual hunts in Antarctic waters .
Its ships have been involved in repeated clashes with campaigners in recent weeks .
Commercial whaling has been banned since 1986 - but Japan says that although whale meat ends up in shops and restaurants , it is actually conducting scientific research .
New Jersey : Thousands of high school students walk out to protest education cuts
By Sandy English
28 April 2010
Tens of thousands of students from across New Jersey left their classes Tuesday to protest $ 820 million in education budget cuts by Republican Governor Chris Christie .
The budget cuts , averaging 11 percent across all districts , will result in the mass layoff off teachers and the destruction of arts and sports programs throughout the state .
This display of mass opposition among student youth was organized entirely by the students themselves .
The movement developed on the social networking site Facebook , where an event announcing the strike accumulated more than 17,000 participants .
The demonstration tapped into growing opposition among students and broad sections of the working class to the attack on public education .
Large protests took place in Newark and Camden , two of the most impoverished cities in the United States , as well as in more middle class districts .
The political establishment and the schools themselves condemned the actions , even as they work to push through the budget cuts .
Many students said they had been suspended for taking part , and the demonstrations were greeted by police throughout the state .
In downtown Newark , hundreds of students converged on City Hall , chanting “ save our schools ! ” as mounted police officers watched from a close distance .
( A video of the demonstration can be found here )
According the Newark ’s Star - Ledger , “ Thousands of students filled the streets of Newark in protest of Christie ’s budget cuts shortly before noon today as police struggled to corral them into Military Park . ”
At West Orange High School in West Orange , a wealthier suburb of Newark , students also walked out of class .
They raised chants and sang in support of their teachers .
One West Orange senior was cited by the Star - Ledger as telling a group of students : “ This is not our mistake and we will not suffer for it .
Enough cuts !
Enough is enough ! ”
Byron at Camden High School in Camden in southern New Jersey told the World Socialist Web Site , “ We walked out because the governor of New Jersey is cutting educational funds for public schools and also college .
It ’s causing some teachers to even retire in fear that they ’ll lose their jobs .
It ’s bad enough that Camden schools have old torn books and half of the computers barely work .
They expect us to succeed but they wo n’t provide the tools for success ? ”
Victoria from Cherry Hill High School West near Camden , where over 300 students walked out , told the WSWS , “ Our teachers are n’t allowed to strike and teachers who have n’t been there for more than ten years are getting fired .
We actually like those teachers so we all decided that we would go through with it and walk out at 10:00 .
Nobody thought that so many people would actually do it , and all of a sudden , the whole school walked out .
“ There were campus police in the front and back of the school , ” Victoria added .
“ They told us that nobody would be getting in trouble for being involved , but one girl already got a call from the school that she was suspended for it .
Nobody should be getting in trouble for it ! ”
When students walked out at Williamstown High School in southern New Jersey , police responded by telling students to leave school .
A student from Williamstown
High remarked on a Facebook site : “ The announcement was made that anyone participating had to leave the premises .
Around 10:30 am , we were told we were in lockdown , which ended about 10:40 am …we were told anyone else leaving to be in the news would get disciplinary action as well as everyone else who left before . ”
A Williamstown High student , Joe , told the WSWS , “ We did n’t do anything wrong .
We left school in a peaceful protest .
We were demonstrating against Chris Christie ’s budget cuts , and we were punished for it .
There were a lot of cops there telling us to leave and that we were n’t allowed back in the school .
The school even went on lockdown while we just demonstrated in the parking lot .
“ Channel 3 said that there were 300 of us but there was more like 500 , ” Joe added .
“ It ’s unfair that we ’re getting suspended for it .
I could understand detention , but not suspension . ”
Hundreds of students left classes in Montclair in North Jersey , where over $ 100,000 will be cut from the high school ’s athletic program .
“ A large group ” of students from Lincoln High in Jersey city in Hudson County walked out at 1:15 PM , according to the Jersey Journal , and marched to the Board of Education ’s offices , chanting “ Hell no , we wo n’t go . ”
Some members of the group attempted to march to Snyder High to ask students there to join the walkout , when the “ police forced the group to head back toward Lincoln . ”
According to a school board member cited by the Jersey Journal , Snyder students also walked out of class .
One Lincoln
High student was injured after she was struck in the head by a rock .
The protest at County Prep and High Tech was particularly well organized , according to local media .
The school district plans to eliminate all the school ’s athletic programs .
Along the Jersey shore near Atlantic City , in Pleasantville , where 52 school staff will be cut , smaller numbers students walked out of class .
PressofAtlanticCity.com quotes one parent , Virginia Faulkner , who had joined the protest : “ The students have the right to stand up for themselves .
The budget cuts are n’t fair to the students and staff . ”
In South Jersey , students boycotted class at Voorhees ’s Eastern Regional High School .
Mount Holly ’s Rancocas Valley High School also was hit by the boycott , where students held up homemade placards that read , “ Help our teachers help us . ”
Predictably , Governor Christie ’s press office denounced the students ’ actions : “ Students belong in the classroom , and we hope all efforts were made to curtail student walkouts , ” Christie ’s office said .
The press spokesman failed to note that as a result of the governor ’s own actions , the classrooms of students are being “ curtailed ” through massive budget cuts .
The response of the teachers ’ union , the New Jersey Education Association , was the same .
While many teachers face layoffs and supported the student action , the union is working with the state to impose cuts .
The NJEA said that students were “ engaging in civil disobedience ” but should not walk out of classes .
The NJEA has not considered even the most minimal statewide strike action in response to the cuts .
The actions of the students run into conflict with the demands of both the Democrats and the Republicans .
The attack on public education is a bipartisan policy .
In New Jersey the cuts are being forced through by a Republican governor .
In New York , however , they are led by a Democratic governor .
At a national level , they are spearheaded by the Obama administration .
Many young people supported Obama in the hopes that he would change the hated polices of Bush .
On coming to office , however , Obama expanded the bailout of the banks , handing trillions of dollars to the major Wall Street institutions .
As a result , the top 25 hedge fund managers took home over $ 25 billion dollars in 2009 — that is , on average each made more than the entire amount of the devastating cuts in New Jersey .
The bank bailout has been followed by the demand for cuts , including in education .
Obama has conditioned the limited funds available for education to the shutting down of schools in more impoverished areas and the mass firing of teachers .
Obama himself publicly supported the firing of all teachers in Central Falls Rhode Island in March .
The treatment by the authorities of students , including police bullying and suspensions by school administrators , is outrageous , and the politicians bear full responsibility for it .
All reprisals against students who participated in these actions must be dropped .
The actions by students in New Jersey are part of a growing movement of opposition throughout the United States .
To be successful , this opposition must be guided by a new political perspective .
Public education cannot be defended within the framework of a society in which every aspect of political and economic life is determined by the interests of a tiny layer of the population — which controls both political parties .
The International Students for Social Equality , the student organization of the Socialist Equality Party , urges students in New Jersey and throughout the country to build a unified movement with the entire working class , based on a socialist program .
To find out more about the ISSE , visit intsse.com .
To join , click here .
Die Bundesregierung will im Kampf gegen kinderpornographische Inhalte im Internet offensichtlich neue
Wege einschlagen : Die Idee der im » Zugangserschwerungsgesetz « vorgesehenen Sperrung von Websites , die Kinderpornographie beinhalten , soll nicht weiter verfolgt werden .
Vielmehr verfolgt das neue Konzept den Plan , entsprechende Inhalte auf den entsprechenden Webservern direkt zu löschen .
Die Abkehr vom Sperrkonzept erscheint grundsätzlich sinnvoll – nicht zuletzt aus Sicht der deutschen Internet - Nutzer : Unter ihnen hält die Mehrheit ( über 95 % ) Internet - Sperren ohnehin für wenig sinnvoll , so das Ergebnis der Internet - Studie » WWW - Benutzer - Analyse W3B « , in deren Rahmen über 100.000 Nutzer befragt wurden .
Die Nutzer finden eine Löschung der Inhalte sowie eine strafrechtliche Verfolgung der Website - Betreiber zielführender .
Über 80 % meinen , Internet - Sperren könnten viel zu leicht umgangen werden .
Mehr als drei Viertel der Internet - Nutzer bewerten das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz lediglich als einen » ersten Schritt « .
Ob das Prinzip » Löschen statt Sperren « bei den Internet - Nutzern auf mehr Akzeptanz stoßen wird , bleibt abzuwarten .
Immerhin sah schon bei den Internet - Sperren fast jeder dritte Nutzer die Meinungsfreiheit gefährdet – durch das direkte Löschen von Web - Inhalten würde dieser Effekt sicher nicht gemildert .
Oh so yummy !!!
Um yum ?!?!!!
This was so so good !
My husband and I both ate it up and licked our plates and it was super easy to prepare .
The only subs I made were adding in some frozen corn and using canned diced tomatoes in place of fresh diced .
I also baked the sweet potatoes in the oven ( at 375 for 1 - 1.5 hours ) instead of nuking them .
I 'm not one for fancy presentations so the hubs said he'd prefer to just mash everything together next time as opposed to serving the black bean salad ' on top ' of the potatoes but he 's a mix - it - all - up sort of guy ; )
I forgot to put the Greek yogurt ( or sour cream ) topping on but we did n't even miss it !
Definitely will make this again !!
In fact tonight for dinner !
Pros : Healthy easy Cons : Leaves you wanting more more more ! ;)
The Plum Line recently reported that Focus on the Family would not oppose a gay / lesbian Supreme Court nominee :
“ We agree with Senator [ Jeff ] Sessions , ” Bruce Hausknecht , a spokesperson for Focus on the Family , which was founded by top religious right figure James Dobson , told me a few minutes ago .
“ The issue is not their sexual orientation .
It ’s whether they are a good judge or not . ”
Their sexual orientation “ should never come up , ” he continued .
“ It ’s not even pertinent to the equation . ”
Wow .
That ’s almost … reasonable .
That ca n’t be right , right ?
Of course not .
Focus on the Family ’s Tom Minnery responded to the article with a correction :
“ To be honest , this is one of those conversations we ’d like to ‘ do over . ’
We can assure you that we recognize that homosexual behavior is a sin and does not reflect God ’s created intent and desire for humanity .
Further , we at Focus do affirm that character and moral rectitude should be key considerations in appointing members of the judiciary , especially in the case of the highest court in the land .
Sexual behavior -– be it heterosexual or homosexual - – certainly lies at the heart of personal morality . ”
To paraphrase :
You know how one of our guys told you we would n’t discriminate ?
* laughter *
That was a mistake .
We ’re total bigots .
Gay people have no business being in a position of power .
We ’ve gone through the sexual behaviors of all the previous Supreme Court nominees and we approve of everything they do in the bedroom .
( * wink wink * , Harriet Miers . )
These are the same people who then tell you they “ love gay people . ”
( They love them so much , they go out of their way to make sure LGBT people never have equal rights or protections . )
What ’s laughable is that the headlines I ’m seeing about this story from Christian Right groups are n’t even subtle about this .
Take this one , for example :
Focus on the Family Clarifies Position , Opposes Homosexual Judicial Nominees
They ’re priding themselves on the fact that they ’re opposing a gay person getting this job before they even know anything else about the person !
As if being gay is the end - all , be - all characteristic about a person …
It ’s pathetic and it ’s telling .
I do n’t know how any Christians could keep silent about their opposition to groups like this .
They need to speak out against this sort of bigotry , or else they ’re part of the problem .
Man And Van | Hire Insured , Qualified and Reliable Man With a Van
Book Cheapest Removals and Storage Service in London
Man with Van Removals - do you need removals & storage in London , UK or Europe ?
Getting the Best from Your Friendly Man & Van Service Moving can be a real pain especially if you will do all the work by yourself .
To make your life easier , you should get a reliable man and van service that can help you move without hassle .
A removal van service can offer great assistance for you .
In fact , you will be very thankful that you have hired a man with a van service because the majority of your work will be taken from you .
Most important of all , a top notch man with van service will always show up on time thus eliminating the stress and worries of moving .
It is true that your friends and family can help you move .
But do take note that removing heavy objects and transporting them require experience .
Aside from the fact that you will be exposing your friends to health risks by compelling them to lift heavy objects , you are also risking your valuable possessions because improper removal could damage your property .
The Big Benefits of Hiring a Removal Van Professional removal services can provide you with the right removal van .
It does not matter whether you have a big or small removal project , you will certainly get the right removal van that is perfect for your needs .
A moving service also has enough personnel who can assist you on the day when you need to move .
The service provides extra hands and muscles to make your move as painless and effortless as possible .
You can have just one assistant for a small moving project or several people to accomplish bigger tasks .
In the end , you will be able to save much time and effort so that you can move even without breaking a sweat .
Some of the Areas We Serve in London
A Practical Tip to Saving Money on Man with a Van
Some people are afraid to hire a removal service because they think that it would be expensive .
There is no need to worry though because most man with a van services are really quite affordable .
But if you want to save more money , then here is what you need to do .
You have to schedule your move on a weekday .
Remember that most people normally schedule their moving projects during weekends .
So the demand for removal vans and personnel would be greater on weekends .
This is why moving companies charge premium rates .
If you schedule your move during off - peak days , you will surely get a big discount from the man and van hire service .
Reasons Why You Should Consider a Man with Van Hire
When we talk about moving , the image that comes to mind is the packing , the heavy lifting , the planning , and all the other big and small tasks that come into play when one needs to move and relocate .
It only follows though , that the most practical step to take would be to hire professionals .
But the thing is , many people also want to save money on their move and hiring someone else to help do the job means having to put out more money , which frankly , much more people are unwilling to do .
The thing is , having professionals involved in your moving process may not be really the luxury that you think that it is .
Having pros on the job , such as man with van services , can not only help your move become easier and much more efficient , but also a safer one .
One reason is , of course , their professionalism and expertise that they bring to the table .
Let 's say you have certain pieces of furniture that are vulnerable and valuable at the same time .
Unprofessional and inexperienced handling of these on a move can spell disaster and damage , as compared to having people in the know do the job for you .
Man with van outfits are much more experienced in handling and transporting furniture so that your things are in much better hands - at least in the case of a move - than yours .
Safety for your things is also guaranteed by insurance policies that a man with van outfit may enter into , in order to protect themselves as well as their customers and clients .
Accidents do happen - especially with do it yourself moves - even when professionals are involved , so they need to offer something in case some unfortunate circumstances occur .
And while these untoward incidents do not always happen , it means much more peace of mind for you to know that your things are insured and in good and capable hands .
A man with removal van outfit is also much more practical , because since they are much more experienced and well versed in moving tasks than you ever will be , everything is made much more efficient , saving time , and thus money - you will have to be on leave from work less , and you will have much more time to allot to your other concerns and tasks , moving related and otherwise .
Having professional help is not always a luxury or want , or something born out of sheer laziness .
The services they offer can give you good value for your money .
A Man with a Van Service Can Make Your Move Stress - Free
Do you want to have a totally stress - free removal project ?
Then hiring a van and man service is your best option .
A removal van service can offer cheaper rates compared to bigger moving companies .
The available packages are also more flexible so that you can choose a suitable service that fits your unique requirements .
Things to Consider Before Signing a Contract
Before you sign a contract with a van and man service , you need to know a few things to make the removal job as stress - free as possible .
First , you should know the rates of the service .
Determine if the company offers by the hour rates for packing and moving or if it charges a flat fee for the project .
Second , you have to determine if you need additional hands for the job .
You have to consider the possessions that you are going to move .
A big job may require another man .
You have to ask the removal service if there are extra charges for getting extra hands .
If the removals require passing through stairs , then it is advisable to get another man to keep your valuable possessions safer .
Finding the Best Man & Van Service
Although there are lots of companies that you can hire when you move , not all of them can offer the same quality of service .
To make sure that you are hiring the best , the removal man company should have vans equipped with state of the art GPS tracking devices .
The GPS will ensure that the removal van will not get lost along the way so that your possessions can be delivered on time .
It is also best to hire a van and man that can provide several flexible packages .
Whether you are moving for just a few blocks or to a far away place , the removal and van service should be able to complete the job according to your requirements .
When you contact a removals van service , ask if it has extensive experience in home removals .
You have to know if they can finish the job quickly especially if you are paying by the hour .
In order to make sure that the removal will be smooth , you have to inform the man with a van company about the exact number of things that should be moved .
Mark the things that should be left behind in order to avoid confusion and delayed work .
Extra charges can be imposed by the van and man service if you omit important aspects the removal project .
Safety Tips When Booking a Van and Man Service
Do you want to move to a new house without stress and hassle ?
Then get a van and man service that will help you pack and move your belongings .
It is always advisable to book for a moving service in advance .
Contact the moving company as early as possible so that you can get an accurate estimate of the cost of removal .
The van and man service will take a look at the items you want to move and will assess how much you have to pay .
De-clutter Before You the Assessment
Obviously , you will leave behind or throw some things away when you move .
In order to ensure that the moving company will not overestimate the load , you need to de-clutter first before the assessment .
If you will not de-clutter , you might get a van that is too big for the load .
The removal service therefore will become more expensive .
If the removers underestimated the load , you might find yourself paying extra for the additional trips .
Closely Supervise the Packing
A removal company can help pack your things .
This service will take the burden from you and would be very convenient .
However , allowing the removers to pack your belongings has some risk also .
Make sure that the removal company can be trusted .
You should also closely supervise the job to ensure that nothing can be taken from you .
You should pack sensitive and highly valuable items by yourself .
So you need to specify to the removers what items they should pack .
To further protect your property , you should make an inventory of the things you need to move and take photos of the content of each box .
Hire a Removal Company with Comprehensive Insurance
The majority of home removal companies are consummate professionals .
They will do everything to protect your property and will ensure safe packing and transport .
However , mishaps and accidents may happen during the removal job .
It would be best if the removal company can show proof of insurance .
Closely inspect the business insurance of the service and make sure that it has sufficient coverage .
Damage to belongings can set you back by several thousands .
You have to make sure that you can claim for damages from the insurance of the service provider .
So if you are planning to book a removal man service , carefully check the trustworthiness of the company and make sure that it has sufficient coverage for damages and lost items .
Moving During Crisis Practical Tips in Packing and Moving Items
Moving out can be one tough feat .
Imagine trying to haul out all of your valuable belongings out of your home into a new one .
This process does not involve a single room only because the more rooms you have then the longer and probably more daunting the entire task will be .
Segregation and organization skills are really important if you want to be able to move out well .
Here are some practical tips you can follow before and during the moving out process :
1. Prepare your materials for moving .
Plan ahead and think about the items you needed to bring with you and hire van and man company .
For this task you will surely need some sturdy cardboard boxes , some Styrofoam , and extra cloth to protect valuable items that can easily break .
It 's good to take some time out to prepare these things so that you can get down to business when it 's packing time .
2 . Pack up per room .
To keep yourself from getting confused with all of the stuff you need to move out , pack your things right inside the room where they are .
You can also start by making an inventory of the items you will move out per room and tick them off as you start packing them up .
This way , you wo n't end up feeling too overwhelmed with the packing process .
This would also help make sure that you pack up and move out all the necessary items you need to bring with you .
3 . Put heavy items inside light boxes .
There 's a tendency for people to think that heavy items especially those that are breakable needed to be tightly sealed in elaborate boxes .
Some even end up getting equally bigger boxes to place such items .
But the thing is this just compels you to make the whole package much heavier than it should be because you end up stuffing it more to make sure the item does not move around and get broken .
You should save those big boxes for stuff that take up so much space yet they are light enough to be carried like blankets , pillows , and bed sheets .
4 . Invest in moving boxes and bubble wrap .
There are just some items in your house that may be too complicated to move out like glasses , lamps , and yes even your wardrobe .
Moving boxes are pretty inexpensive anyway so go ahead and purchase one for these items .
Bubble wraps are also a must to wrap around fragile items .
You should also hire movers which will allow you for a smoother transport and loading and unloading of your things .
What kind of facilities do they have for storage ?
If you 're moving a piano , or any special or unique furniture , you will need your movers to have the appropriate tools , equipment , and facilities to insure that these items do not get damaged while in storage or while in transport .
Taking into account the size of the removals van the outfit will use to move your things is also important for taxi van , as the space may not be too small or even prove to be damaging to your things .
Also make sure that your movers are running on fuel efficient vehicles , so as to save on fuel costs .
Especially if your move is going to be long distance , fuel costs will play a very big factor in your final bill .
It is recommended to use vehicles that run on unleaded fuel , as this proves cheaper than having athat runs on diesel fuel .
In the end , it is your decision whether or not to hire a small van moving outfit of enlist the services of a bigger moving company .
Just make sure to list down all the important details of you move and base your decision on what you really need and what gives you the best value for your money moving company .
What to do with excessive furniture ?
Check our storage deals when moving house .
We operate in great deal of regions but for your area we can always offer a storage solution .
All goods handled with care , deliveries , collections , light removals ,
Student removals ,
Same day moves , taxi vans ,
Business removals , Office Removals , Personal , Small Moves , National & European .
Our goal - to provide quality removal services to our customers in the London at affordable prices .
What is the Real Deal behind Van and Man Removals Services .
The next step with professional movers in London is determining how far away your move will be .
This also determines the type of service you choose from London Van and man , as not all removals outfits can handle long distance moves .
Some man & van operations will , but you will need to make sure that London Man & Van are experienced in moving things long distances , and have the adequate space for your things man & van hire service .
Welcome to London Man With Van !
Our Removal Man Company offers a reliable and efficient service , professional approach to any house move .
The house removals sector is a very competitive industry with many man van companies competing for the business .
Not many small companies like Man & Van offering great service in London .
Not all will arrive at your first address on time and will plan the journey with GPS system to find the fastest direction .
London Man with Van company deals with house removals , and an office removals collections and deliveries in London , UK and Europe .
Do you need a piece of furniture collected from a location in UK , or have delivery to somewhere in UK , the Company Man with a Van can do it for you .
Need reputable removals men to do your house move ?
Let Man with Van Company relocate your belongings to your new location .
Report : Breitbart used ‘ wrong video ’ to claim Dem lawmakers lied about racial slurs
For weeks , an argument has been raging between liberal and conservative commentators over whether or not Tea Party protesters yelled racist and homophobic slurs at Democratic lawmakers on the day the House passed the health care overhaul .
During a March 20 anti-health reform Tea Party protest at Capitol Hill , numerous Democratic lawmakers said they had been the targets of abusive language .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , an openly gay member of the House , said he had been called a “ fa ** ot . ”
Three black members of Congress — Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( D - MO ) , Rep. James Clyburn ( D - SC ) and civil rights leader Rep. John Lewis ( D - GA ) — said they had been called “ ni**er , ” and that the epithet had been hurled at them some 15 times as they arrived at the House of Representatives for a meeting .
Stung by such potent linking of the Tea Party movement to racism and homophobia , conservative pundits began to fire back .
At the head of the pack was Matt Drudge ally Andrew Breitbart , who asserted that the incidents never happened and offered $ 10,000 for video footage proving otherwise .
He has since increased his offer to $ 100,000 .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s time for the allegedly pristine character of Rep. John Lewis to put up or shut up , ” Breitbart wrote .
“ Therefore , I am offering $ 10,000 of my own money to provide hard evidence that the N - word was hurled at him not 15 times , as his colleague reported , but just once . ”
To back up his claim , Breitbart posted a short video clip of Reps .
Lewis and Cleaver , among others , walking through the protest with no racial slurs audible on the video .
But an article from the Associated Press says the video Breitbart trumpeted was not shot at the time the black lawmakers say they were targeted with the N - word ; rather , the video was shot an hour later , as the group emerged from a congressional meeting .
They had alleged that they were targeted as they were walking into the meeting .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked by AP about the inconsistency , Breitbart responded , “ I ’m not saying the video was conclusive proof . ”
On Sunday , the Washington Post ‘s ombudsman asserted that there was at least some truth to the allegations of abusive behavior at the protest .
Responding to criticism of the paper ’s coverage by conservative activists , ombudsman Andrew Alexander went through a list of allegations of slurs , and found merit in many of them :
ADVERTISEMENT
Many readers have told me there is no evidence to support The Post ’s report that Frank was subjected to anti-gay slurs .
They ’re wrong .
An ABC News video recorded the incident inside a House office building .
When ABC aired its video , the epithets were bleeped .
A review of the unaltered footage , made by ABC at my request , clearly captures a protester shouting , “ Barney , you faggot . ”
Case closed .
Alexander wrote that video footage does show that Rep. Cleaver was spat on as he walked through the crowd , but he says the video “ suggests ” Cleaver may have been spat on accidentally .
ADVERTISEMENT
And he also reported that spokespeople for Reps .
Carson and Lewis are standing by their assertion that they were repeatedly called the N - word .
“ Breitbart ’s $ 100,000 challenge may be publicity - seeking theater .
But it ’s part of widespread conservative claims that mainstream media , including The Post , swallowed a huge fabrication , ” Alexander wrote , in calling for reporters to get back onto this story and determine the truth .
“ After all , a civil rights legend is being called a liar .
That aside , there ’s serious money at stake , ” he wrote .
NEW YORK — The 2008 Stackley Cup Playoffs , a set of odd - number - of - games series that will determine the champion of the National Huckie League , are well underway , NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman confirmed Monday .
Advertisement
At press time , the four hackley teams in contention for the Stickleby Cup were the Detroit Red Wings , the Pittsburgh Penguins , the Pittsburgh Flyers , and a team from Dallas , TX .
The Red Wings , one of the NHL's Original Four Teams , and the Penguins , who feature one of hinky 's rising young stars in Sidney Crossberry , are leading their respective series and are expected to advance to the championship round , or Storkaley Cup Finallys .
Hucklebee , which is played on ice by stick - wielding six - man teams who attempt to strike the hokey puck or " ball " into the opposing goal , is naturally a cold - weather sport .
For this reason , hooky is believed to have originated in Canada .
This will be the first year since 2003 that no Canadian team will make it to the Shaklee Cup Finals , and no Canadian team has won the Cup since 2003 .
Advertisement
" This is the best time of year to watch the great sport of [ huncky ] , " Commissioner Bettman said in a statement released by the NHL public relations department .
" We still believe that our game is the fastest , toughest , most exciting game in the world , and we look forward to demonstrating that to a national audience as we determine the 2008 NHL Champion . "
However , despite a fiercely loyal core fanbase , achieving mass popularity has been difficult for the National Honky League , which currently ranks behind the NFL , NBA , NASCAR , MLB , college football , NCAA basketball , tournament poker , and figure skating in television viewers .
The sport , while definitely colorful , is somewhat difficult to watch on television ; many say the fast action is actually too hard to follow , as they are unsure where the hanky puck is at any given time .
The sheer number of games is also somewhat intimidating ; the NHL season is believed to have actually began sometime last year .
Advertisement
The sport was also dealt a rather ugly setback with many viewers during last year 's Stanbly Cup playoffs when two players dropped their ice bats and gloves and became involved in a shamefully brutal fistfight .
However , the passion of the teams involved in the Stagolee Cup Playups is impossible to deny or ignore .
Advertisement
" Way back when I was a kid playing on frozen ponds , I dreamed of winning the Cup , " Detroit 's Brian Rafalski told reporters Tuesday .
" It 's every player 's dream to hoist the Cup above their heads and have their name engraved on the side . "
One of the grand traditions of the sport is that each hicky player from the Cup - winning team is allowed to take the trophy with them for a day to show their families , friends , and presumably even coworkers at their actual jobs .
Advertisement
" Winning the Cup would be the ultimate dream come true for me , the reward for a very long , hard struggle , " said foreign - born Penguins player Alexander Ovechkin , who , like most hochuli players , has based his life around the sport and has no real - world skills .
" But really , just to play this game , to be part of something that brings so many people joy , that has been a great gift as well . "
Horklee is presumably extremely popular in Ovetchkin 's home country .
" Our dream is that , when the Stanley [ sic ] Cup Finals end in June , everyone in America has seen those games and realized how much fun it is to watch the NHL , " Commissioner Bettman said .
" These are , without a doubt , some of the world 's finest athletes playing in some of the world 's most competitive games .
I know I 'm prejudiced , but I honestly think that anyone who watches will agree that hockey [ sic ] is the greatest sport in the world . "
President Obama signed a Presidential Memorandum launching the America ’s Great Outdoors Initiative today , which focuses on promoting community - level efforts to conserve outdoor spaces .
As part of the initiative , members of the administration will host regional sessions with groups and individuals across the country to discuss ideas on how to protect America ’s natural landscape and form a 21st century strategy conservation agenda .
The President said that the initiative is not a “ big federal agenda being driven out of Washington , ” but an effort to collect the best ideas on conservation that local communities support and reconnect Americans to the outdoors .
He explained that the initiative will build on successful conservation efforts being lead by local and state governments , tribes , and private groups , while helping farmers , ranchers , and property owners to protect their lands .
The outdoors initiative will also help families spend more time outdoors by building on the First Lady ’s Let ’s Move initiative .
America ’s Great Outdoors Initiative will be lead by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture , the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , and the Chair of the Council of Environmental Quality .
They will work in coordination with the Departments of Defense , Commerce , Housing and Urban Development , Health and Human Services , Labor , Transportation , Education , and the Office of Management and Budget .
President Barack Obama signs a presidential memorandum at the America 's Great Outdoors Conference at the Department of the Interior in Washington , D.C. Watching , from left , are Chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality Nancy Sutley , Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa P. Jackson , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , Assistant Secretary of the Army Jo-Ellen Darcy , Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere Jane Lubchenco , and Deputy Undersecretary of Defense Dr. Dorothy Robyn .
April 16 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton )
The initiative follows a public lands bill that the President signed into law last year that designated 2 acres of wilderness , over 1,000 miles of wild and scenic rivers , and three national parks , marking the most significant lands bill in decades .
The President reflected on Theodore Roosevelt ’s commitment to the outdoors and “ legacy of conservation that still enhances our lives . ”
[ W]e are working faithfully to carry on the legacy of Teddy Roosevelt in the 21st century .
But we also know that we must adapt our strategies to meet the new challenges of our time .
Over the last century , our population grew from about 90 million to 300 million people , and as it did , we lost more and more of our natural landscape to development .
Meanwhile , a host of other factors –- from a changing climate to new sources of pollution -– have put a growing strain on our wildlife and our waters and our lands .
So rising to meet these challenges is a task and an obligation , but it ’s one that government cannot and should not meet alone .
There are roughly 1,600 privately run land trusts in this country that have protected over 10 million acres through voluntary efforts .
And by working with farmers and ranchers and landowners , the Department of Agriculture ’s Conservation Reserve Program has protected over 30 million acres , and its Natural Resource Conservation Service -– a service that is 75 years old this year –- has protected almost 3 million more .
So together , we are conserving our working lands in a way that preserves the environment and protects local communities .
President Obama followed in Roosevelt 's footsteps on a trip to Yellowstone National Park last summer , a longtime tradition of American Presidents .
Watch footage of the First Family 's visit to Yellowstone .
[ [ nid:9755 ] ]
Women who have a breast density of 75 percent or higher on a mammogram have a risk of breast cancer that is four to five times greater than that of women with little or no density , making mammographic breast density one of the strongest biomarkers of breast cancer risk .
At the American Association for Cancer Research 101st Annual Meeting 2010 , held in Washington , D.C. , April 17 - 21 , researchers presented the latest data on mammographic density and breast cancer risk .
" These abstracts strengthen the observation that high breast density is associated with increased risk for breast cancer , and they strengthen the hypothesis that under some conditions , reducing breast density may be associated with reduced risk for breast cancer , " said Carol J. Fabian , M.D. , professor of medicine in the division of clinical oncology and director of the Breast Cancer Prevention Center at the University of Kansas Medical Center .
Mammographic density refers to the amount of white or radiodense area compared to the amount of grey or radiolucent area on a mammogram .
The radiodense area is reflective of the amount of ductal and lobular epithelium , connective tissue and fluid in the breast .
The radiolucent area is reflective of the amount of fat in the breast .
While increased breast density is a known risk factor for breast cancer , having a lower breast density does n't necessarily mean a low risk of developing breast cancer , according to Fabian .
Other risk factors are at play , and mammographic density is one tool to help determine a women 's risk .
" The cancer research community is always looking for new methods to better define short - term risk to supplement the known risk factors for breast cancer like family history , genes associated with hereditary breast cancer , reproductive variables and age , " said Fabian .
" Modifiable risk biomarkers like mammographic density are increasingly being used in small early phase prevention trials to help us decide which interesting strategies should be carried further into very large Phase III studies with cancer incidence as an endpoint . "
Below is some of the new research in mammographic density , which was presented at the Annual Meeting :
advertisement
Longitudinal breast density and risk of breast cancer
Women who have a decrease in breast density over a six - year period may have a decreased risk of developing breast cancer compared with women whose breast density remained stable .
" A decrease in breast density appears to be associated with a lower breast cancer risk , and importantly , this result takes into account baseline breast density , as well as changes in BMI that occurred between mammographic assessments , " said lead researcher Celine M. Vachon , Ph.D. , associate professor of epidemiology in the College of Medicine at the Mayo Clinic , Rochester , Minn .
Vachon and colleagues evaluated whether changes in breast density over time are associated with breast cancer risk using data collected as part of the Mayo Mammography Health Study , which included 19,924 women who had a mammogram at the Mayo Clinic between 2003 and 2006 .
Participants had never had breast cancer and were more than 35 years old at time of the mammogram .
Study variables were derived from clinical databases as well as self - administered questionnaires completed by the participants .
The researchers performed linkages to Mayo and state cancer registries to identify new breast cancer events .
advertisement
To examine the association between change in density with breast cancer , longitudinal analyses were conducted on the 219 breast cancer cases and 1,900 cancer - free cases that represented a random sample of the entire cohort .
Breast density was obtained from the earliest available historical mammogram , and from the mammogram that was obtained at the time of enrollment using the Breast Imaging - Reporting and Data System ( BI - RADS ) -- a quality assurance mammography tool designed to measure clinical density that , for breast composition categories , is classified as almost entirely fat , scattered density , heterogeneous density and extremely dense .
The differences between the BI - RADS measures obtained from the two time periods were used to evaluate changes in density over time .
Results showed that cases were less likely to have experienced a reduction of one BI - RADS density category or more ( 37 percent vs. 38.6 percent ) after their earliest mammogram .
" Women who experienced a reduction of at least one density category over the six years were at reduced risk of breast cancer ( 28 percent lower risk ) compared to those whose density was unchanged , " Vachon said .
" And , women who increased by one or more BI - RADS categories over the time period had suggestion of increased risk . "
Comparison of breast density measured by dual energy X - ray absorptiometry with mammographic density among adult women
Measuring breast density by dual energy X - ray absorptiometry ( DXA ) may provide a low - radiation option to evaluate breast density for women who do not undergo mammography .
According to lead researcher Gertraud Maskarinec , M.D. , Ph.D. , it is important to study breast cancer risk in younger women and identify women for targeted prevention strategies early in life .
However , evaluating breast cancer risk through use of mammography is known to have a level of radiation exposure that is not acceptable for younger women ; therefore , other methods are needed to evaluate breast density .
" Our findings indicate there is agreement between breast density as determined by mammograms and the use of DXA , " said Maskarinec , who is professor of epidemiology at the Cancer Research Center at the University of Hawaii , Honolulu .
DXA is widely used to evaluate bone density and total body composition .
It is commonly available in medical care settings and is known to have low radiation exposure .
Maskarinec and colleagues conducted a cross-sectional study to compare breast density measured by DXA with mammographic density among 101 women aged 30 years and older with a normal mammogram .
Participants completed questionnaires on demographic , reproductive and medical information , and then received DXA scans of both breasts .
Both DXA and mammographic measures showed high correlations between left and right breasts and common risk factors showed similar patterns for both measurements .
" We now know something about how DXA performs when used to measure breast density , " said Maskarinec .
" This is not practice - changing at the moment , but it does present the potential for future studies to elaborate on DXA 's use as a new research tool in breast cancer prevention studies among adolescents and young women . "
Discover how communities are investing in their own Internet infrastructure to promote economic prosperity and improve quality of life .
SOMERVILLE — Mike Moccia and Yasser Mirza just do n’t get along .
Make that :
They detest each other .
The two own side - by - side breakfast nooks in Somerville ’s burgeoning Ball Square , and their rivalry — of food and vitriol — is the stuff of neighborhood lore .
Separated by only a wall , Mirza , of Sound Bites Cafe , and Moccia , of the next - door Ball Square Cafe , have spent the past three years hurling insults and accusations at each other while serving up nearly identical menus of stuffed French toast , gourmet omelettes , and muffins .
Restaurant inspectors , police , and the mayor ’s office are all long - familiar with the feud .
Even the Travel Channel heard of it and sought recently to capitalize on their animosity with a breakfast wars cook - off .
But now , the rivalry has come to blows .
Outside their restaurants one recent afternoon , one attacked the other .
Moccia said he punched his rival after Mirza spat on him .
Mirza said Moccia beat him up for no reason .
He has filed an assault complaint and hired a lawyer .
Somerville officials , along with Ball Square business leaders , are desperately seeking ways to repair the relationship .
“ It ’s so sad that this has degenerated to the Hatfields and the McCoys and the Civil War , ’’ said Jack Connolly , a longtime Somerville alderman who has frequented both establishments and knows both men .
The feud dates at least to 2007 , when there was no Ball Square Cafe and Mirza , a Syrian immigrant , was doing a booming business with Sound Bites .
At the time , his restaurant was in the space now occupied by Ball Square Cafe , and Mirza rented from landlords who happened to be Moccia ’s parents .
Facing a rent increase , Mirza says , he was forced to move .
He bought the space next door and started over .
Moccia , meanwhile , had been working at the nearby Victor ’s Deli , also owned by his parents .
He says he had been looking for a change .
And shortly after Mirza moved out , Moccia opened his restaurant in the space .
He lured away Mirza ’s prized chef , Omar Djebbouri , made him a business partner , and began serving breakfast , putting on the menu a number of Mirza ’s offerings .
“ I was inspired by Yasser , ’’ Moccia said .
“ He had a great business .
I just saw how hot breakfast was , and it seemed like it was the thing to do . ’’
Both men , by all accounts , do a land - office business , attracting crowds that line up outside both restaurants , and Mirza says his continuing success has irked Moccia .
“ He does n’t like that I ’m successful , ’’ said Mirza , “ even though he took my cook and stole my menu . ’’
Master Chief has taken a break from space travel and defending alien invasions to bring you a 19 disc set of some deep soulful songs .
The compilation consists of 19 discs and includes some great tracks such as Groovy Kind of Kill and Another Day on Valhalla .
They have even created one of those infomercials that you see on TV and as sad as the songs may be , it is just hilarious watching Master Chief doing the performance .
Check out the video below :
So much for the Washington Redskins ’ quiet offseason .
In an insanely gutsy move , the Philadelphia Eagles have agreed to trade Donovan McNabb to Washington , according to ESPN ’s Adam Schefter .
This is not a belated April Fool ’s joke .
The Eagles have quickly confirmed the move .
Philadelphia will receive the No. 37 overall pick in the 2010 draft and either a third or fourth round pick in 2011 .
We heard some big name veterans mentioned in rumors Saturday like Albert Haynesworth and LaRon Landry , but the deal did n’t turn out that spicy .
Jay Glazer first mentioned the Redskins ’ interest in McNabb Saturday .
The move is reminiscent of New England ’s trade of Drew Bledsoe to the Bills .
Not only do the Eagles not want McNabb , they are confident they can beat him twice a year .
The Redskins were clearly offering the best deal , but Philadelphia ’s amazing confidence in Kevin Kolb made this deal possible .
Andy Reid and G.M. Howie Roseman better be right .
This is going to be fun .
A 22 - year - old graffiti tagger picked the wrong place Friday to leave his mark : a glass door at an aquatic center in Commerce that separated him from 100 Los Angeles County sheriff ’s deputies discussing having enough backup when chasing suspects , authorities said .
Joshua Vasquez looked shocked as a throng of deputies began running toward him , said Capt .
Mike Parker , who was teaching the class .
Vasquez turned and ran as at least 40 deputies crammed through the doorway to get him , Parker said .
Vasquez tripped over his own feet and fell , Parker said , and deputies restrained him .
As it turned out , the incident was instructive to the deputies , who were participating in a training meeting .
“ We were discussing the importance of having backup when engaged in foot pursuits , ” Parker said .
That ’s when the entire class was drawn to the doorway , where it looked like the suspect was waving at them , Parker said .
“ It turns out we could see him , but he could n’t see us , ” he said .
Not lacking in backup , the deputies gave chase .
But the suspect did n’t give up so easily , and he kicked out the rear window of a sheriff 's cruiser before being further restrained , authorities said .
Vasquez was booked on suspicion of felony vandalism to the glass door and to the cruiser .
-- Richard Winton
Science master Peter Harvey hit boy with dumbbell after trying to restore classroom discipline , court told
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A science teacher shouted " Die , die , die ! " as he beat one of his pupils around the head with a dumbbell , a court heard today .
Peter Harvey , 50 , attacked the 14 - year - old boy with the 3kg ( 6.6 lb ) weight after he confronted the child for misbehaving in class , Nottingham crown court heard .
The boy can not be named for legal reasons .
A pupil filmed the moments leading up to the attack , at All Saints ' Catholic school in Mansfield , on 8 July last year .
Students could be heard calling Harvey a " psycho " after he tried to restore discipline during his science lesson .
Stuart Rafferty QC , prosecuting , told the jury that in December 2008 Harvey was sent home from the school after telling its education adviser he might harm somebody .
He stayed off work until April 2009 , when he returned to the classroom .
Rafferty said Harvey had been " well , happy and in a positive frame of mind " on the morning of the attack .
He said : " A girl who had behaviour difficulties was being disruptive and was messing about with a whiteboard and then started messing about with a window blind .
" He told her to stop , and there were words between them .
He seems to have pulled her away from the window by her bag on her shoulder and shouted at her , and it was alleged he kicked her .
" She left the classroom in a state of tears , and some of the class took exception to the way she had been treated and started calling him a psycho .
" He did n't seem to respond to that and told the class to get on with their work .
" The boy began to mess about with a wooden metre rule .
He was wandering about the classroom with it , swordfighting with another pupil , that sort of high jinks . "
Harvey denies attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
He has admitted a charge of causing grievous bodily harm without intent .
The trial continues .
Like the other capitals , new suburbs have sprouted at the city 's edges , but the only time all those thousands of new residents pierce the consciousness of most people is when they get jammed in traffic .
Their unease grew to alarm when a Treasury report forecast the nation 's population to reach 36 million by 2050 , and the federal government was urged to act .
Last weekend , it caved in to the concern voiced from the cramped cities and booming mining towns , and named Tony Burke the nation 's first minister for population .
Burke has the unenviable task of focusing government efforts to plan and build infrastructure , and hopefully , herd Australians away from the concentrated coastlines .
So far , the debate has raged mainly over immigration , with the opposition coupling the government 's skilled migration intake with its supposedly soft refugee policy , in a strategy that should win votes at the election .
Tabart views the sudden political interest wryly .
She has long viewed the problem from a different perspective .
About 1400 new residents lob into southeast Queensland each week .
The more you carve land up into quarter - acre blocks , the more likely you are to stay in power .
While the human populous has swelled , the koala population has dwindled .
In 10 years , the foundation says koala numbers have diminished from 25,000 to about 2,000 .
One would think saving a cute , fluffy creature adored the world over would not be a tough job .
But Tabart , who earned a Medal of the Order of Australia for her work , says it is muddied by the interests of developers .
" We 've been saying population growth has to be looked at forever and ever , '' she said .
" But development on the whole east coast of Australia is being driven by Labor governments over the last 10 to 15 years and their absolute desire to keep political power .
" The more you carve land up into quarter - acre blocks , the more likely you are to stay in power . ''
Add to the picture the interests of mining and agriculture , and Tabart doubts the government is up to the job of balancing the demands on Australia 's precious little useful land .
At the other end of the debate , the Australian Urban Taskforce is pleased infrastructure will be better coordinated , or in the words of its chief , " that the federal government put a bullet up the states ' ' .
Aaron Gadiel hopes the government wo n't give in to pressure to cap population , as favoured by prominent Australians like former NSW premier Bob Carr and businessman Dick Smith . |
" Any number you come up with and try to project forward is going to be arbitrary , '' he said .
" I 'm concerned that the lobbying ( for a cap ) has already begun by anti-growth campaigners .
" I think it 's going to be really important to resist that push . ''
Besides , he says , those figures that loom large over the debate - 36 million by 2050 - are deceptive .
The growth rate of 2.1 per cent growth in 2008 / 09 falls to 0.9 per cent by the end of the Treasury report 's reach in 2049 / 50 , he says .
Australians have an average of 1.9 children , and there 's nothing out - of - control about that either .
The push to regionalise is a good one , Gadiel says , but as the mining boom has shown , people wo n't overhaul their lives without the assurance of a well - paid job - tax incentives wo n't cut it .
" You can't move people around Australia like pieces on a chess board , '' he said .
" People need to make their own decisions to go , so there are limits to what we can achieve with decentralisation . ''
It 's early days in Burke 's 12 - month pet project , and it's not yet clear what his plan will yield .
But there wo n't be a target , and immigration numbers will continue to be reviewed yearly to fit the economic circumstances .
" At the moment you have a two - speed economy across the nation and you have population movements which do n't necessarily match that , '' Burke told reporters on Thursday .
So far it seems Burke 's portfolio would be better described as " population dispersal ' ' rather than " population ' ' .
But if the government does n't grab this chance to ensure future Australians will have the quality of life we enjoy now , it will be an opportunity , as Deborah Tabart might say , wasted .
AAP
A group of Chinese and Turkish evangelical explorers believe they may have found Noah 's Ark about 4,000 metres up a mountain in Turkey .
The team say they recovered wooden specimens from a structure on Mount Ararat in eastern
Turkey that carbon dating proved was 4,800 years old , around the same time the ark is said to have been afloat .
Yeung Wing - cheung , a member of the 15 - strong team from Noah 's Ark Ministries International , says the structure has several compartments , some with wooden beams , which were believed to house animals .
" It 's not 100 per cent that it is Noah 's Ark but we think it is 99.9 per cent that this is it , " he told AFP .
The group has ruled out an established human settlement on the grounds that one had never been found above 3,500 metres in the vicinity .
Mr Yeung says local Turkish officials will ask the central government in Ankara to apply for UNESCO World Heritage status so the site can be protected while a major archaeological dig is conducted .
The biblical story says God decided to flood the earth after seeing how corrupt it had become , and told Noah to build an ark and fill it with two of every animal species .
After the flood waters receded , the Bible says the ark came to rest on a mountain .
Many believe that Mount Ararat , the highest point in the region , is where the ark and its inhabitants came aground .
- AFP
Futurist Ray Kurzweil spends most of his time thinking about how technology will develop in the coming years , so it ’s no wonder he took an interest in Avatar , a movie that provides a breath - taking view of a future conflict between technological haves and have - nots on a distant planet .
Avatar ’s been scorned and lauded by political pundits , praised for its advancement in digital film - making , but rarely analyzed for its assumptions on technology .
Kurzweil does just this , questioning why an advanced human civilization that can travel through space is fighting with guns and missiles .
While the central technological device to the movie , the avatars , is a remarkable example of prowess in genetics , brain computer interface , and wireless communication , the rest of the movie is littered with mediocre machines that either exist now , or could be developed very soon .
Hollywood seems unable to take the great leap forward and show us a future where technology has pervaded and upgraded every aspect of our lives .
The blending of future and present technology is actually a fairly standard Movie and TV trope .
As we saw with SyFy TV series Caprica , writers are pretty good at taking the scientific developments of today and creating a few remarkable devices for their fictional futures .
But in Caprica , humans are still talking on mobile phones ( not even smart phones ) and driving cars .
In the recent Star Trek movie , humans still look like the humans of today , and Kirk drove a motorcycle .
Avatar has space marines communicating via radio and video and without a robot in sight .
This sort of mixed presentation of the future – some remarkable technologies , some you already know and love , is a technique to get an audience to identify with the characters .
It ’s good story telling , but it ’s bad futurism .
Kurzweil critiques Avatar on several key points .
First , besides the avatars themselves , the technology that we see in the movie is often adapted from things we already have today .
Transparent LCD screens are in development .
3D interactive displays and large wrap around display screens , like those seen in Minority Report , are on their way now .
Exoskeletons are being developed for military use , and we ’ve had enormous aircraft for decades .
Would n’t these technologies have been upgraded or replaced by successors by this point in the future ?
Second , Kurzweil explains that besides being applied unevenly , technological developments in Avatar do n’t seem to be very pervasive .
I agree completely .
Where are the computers embedded in clothing and cigarettes ?
We have genetic engineering , but people have n’t decided to get taller , or change their skin colors , or add claws ?
If you can send your thoughts to a giant genetically engineered blue body , why ca n’t soldiers communicate in the same way ?
Would n’t everyone want to use that technology ?
That would make computer screens obsolete .
If the marines really wanted to kill the Na’vi , why do n’t they just release a genetically crafted virus – they must be able to make one , they created an entire Na’vi avatar after all .
If you can travel between stars , could n’t you just kill people from orbit with powerful lasers ?
Well , those solutions would n’t be very entertaining , I guess .
Finally , Kurzweil questions the themes of the movie itself : technological aggressors are out to destroy a primitive culture and steal their resources .
He notes , and I think everyone can agree , that such a theme has been played out in our history many times over .
Still , are we actually going to find humanoids on another planet and play out this sort of tragedy again ?
Why would there even be humanoids on another planet ?
Why would we only use technology to harm another species / civilization / nature ?
Kurzweil points out that tech gets a bad rap in Avatar – nature has to defeat it and remain pure .
The truth is that our future will hopefully be one where technology enhances and protects nature , evolving the human experience .
In my own opinion , the making of Avatar is much more revolutionary than the movie itself .
CGI , 3D digital simulations during filming – James Cameron is really innovative as a producer / director .
Yet as a visionary of the future … the movie is just too bogged down in today to understand what tomorrow may be like .
With advances in energy , we wo n’t need a bizarre rock on a distant planet .
Brain computer interfaces will allow us to interact with machines and each other in ways that we ’ve never experienced before , hopefully fostering a sense of global community .
Genetics and medicine will keep us healthy well into our later years .
Programmable matter ( smart materials ) could provide us with all the devices we need and recycle the ones we do n’t .
I admit , that these predictions are a form of story telling , they paint a fairly rosy picture of the years ahead .
But we already have many institutions ( like Singularity University ) working to solve the grand challenges of today .
Which makes more sense : that humanity will use technology in all parts of their lives to better themselves and their world , or that we ’ll go to the stars and get beaten up by tribal Smurfs ?
* Kurzweil ’s critiques of Avatar can be found in their entirety here .
His arguments are more expansive and detailed than I ’ve had a chance to cover .
Hopefully he wo n’t mind the paraphrasing .*
[ image credits : 20th Century Fox ]
[ sources : Kurzweil AI , Avatar - Movie , 20th Century Fox ]
Our favourite cereals are ' more sugary than jam doughnuts ' , shocking study shows
Cereal offender : Kellogg 's Crunchy Nut contains 13.6g or sugar per 40g serving , far more than chocolate cake
They are often seen as the healthiest way to start the day .
But many breakfast cereals contain more sugar than a piece of chocolate cake or a jam doughnut , research shows .
Eight best - selling brands are laden with more sugar than a slice of McVitie 's chocolate cake and five of the ten are at least as sweet as a doughnut oozing with jam .
The figures are for the cereal only and do not include any of the extra sugar often liberally sprinkled into the bowl at home .
Kellogg 's Crunchy Nut Cornflakes is the country 's top seller but is also one of the worst offenders in the sweet stakes , with 13.6g of sugar in a 40g serving - more than three teaspoons per small bowl .
In contrast , a jam doughnut contains 8.6g of sugar , and a slice of chocolate cake just 5.4g , the research by price comparison website mysupermarket .
co.uk found .
Kellogg 's Coco Pops and Coco Pops Coco Rocks contain at least 8.6g of sugar , as do Weetabix Minis Chocolate Crisp and Nestle Cheerios .
The figures suggest that even apparently healthy foods are helping fuel the obesity crisis .
The condition blights the lives of a quarter of men and women , raising their odds of diabetes , heart disease , infertility , cancer and premature death .
Some other popular cereals have less sugar - but higher levels of salt .
Kellogg 's Special K , marketed as a product that will help a woman keep in shape , has 0.9g of salt per small bowl .
This is three times the amount in a small bar of chocolate .
Too much salt can lead to high blood pressure , heart attacks and strokes .
Manufacturers said cereals were high in vitamins , minerals and fibre , low in fat , and had numerous health benefits .
A spokesman for the Association of Cereal Food Manufacturers added : ' We know from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey that breakfast cereals contribute less than 5 per cent salt and sugar to an average day 's diet . '
A Letter : Apple Wants Its Secret iPhone Back
Well , how can I explain this ?
I got some interesting calls today .
It was Apple .
And they wanted their phone back .
I told them , all they have to do is claim it – on record .
This formal request from Apple ’s legal department , asking for their phone back , is that .
It proves – if there was any doubt in your mind – that this thing is real .
Here ’s my reply :
Bruce , thanks .
Here ’s Jason Chen , who has the iPhone .
And here ’s his address .
You two should coordinate a time .
[ Blah Blah Blah Address ]
Happy to have you pick this thing up .
Was burning a hole in our pockets .
Just so you know , we did n’t know this was stolen [ as they might have claimed .
meaning , real and truly from Apple .
It was found , and to be of unproven origin ] when we bought it .
Now that we definitely know it ’s not some knockoff , and it really is Apple ’s , I ’m happy to see it returned to its rightful owner .
P.S. I hope you take it easy on the kid who lost it .
I do n’t think he loves anything more than Apple .
And since this was the only missing piece of the puzzle , we have now both extinguished any doubts of its origin but also , we get to give the phone back .
* warm , fuzzy , huggy feelings of legal compliance *
( Our legal team told us that in California the law states , “ If it is lost , the owner has three years to reclaim or title passes to the owner of the premises where the property was found .
The person who found it had the duty to report it . ” )
I ’m sad to see it go .
We reasoned this pretty little piece of hardware is probably something we ’ll see again , but who knows when .
For some of us , that date ca n’t come soon enough .
The news that the United States has become a two - class society -- i.e. , half of Americans pay federal income taxes and half do n't -- has bounced around the media and shocked Americans .
Most people had no knowledge of this appalling economic fact .
Even worse is the reality that 40 percent of Americans receive federal government handouts of cash and valuable benefits .
Those handouts are financed by the people who do pay federal income taxes .
Those handouts create a tremendous bloc of people who depend on the government for their living expenses .
The Tax Foundation reports that 20 percent of Americans now get 75 percent of their income from the federal government and another 20 percent get 45 percent of their income from the government .
Obama 's stimulus law will add nearly $ 800 billion in new means - tested welfare spending over the next decade .
That means about $ 22,500 for every poor person in the United States , which will cost over $ 10,000 for each family that pays federal income taxes .
According to the Tax Foundation , married taxpayers pay three - fourths of all federal income taxes , whereas two - thirds of single parents who file as head - of - household pay no income tax at all .
According to a Heritage Foundation report , taxpayers ( mostly those who are married ) will spend more than $ 300 billion providing welfare aid to single parents ( mostly women ) .
The pundits like to divide Republicans into two classes , the fiscal conservatives and the so - called social conservatives , and pretend that their interests are different and mutually exclusive .
In fact , the overwhelming reason for big government 's extravagant spending , which is properly railed against by limited - government conservatives , is the breakdown in our culture , which social conservatives have been battling for years .
If limited - government conservatives are dreaming of taking back America for fiscal sanity in the November elections , they should study how the unprecedented decline in marriage and the increase in illegitimacy are the major causes of our bloated government and its gigantic welfare spending .
In 2008 , 40.6 percent of children born in the United States were born outside of marriage ; that 's 1,720,000 children .
This is not , as the media try to tell us , a teenage problem .
Only 7 percent of those illegitimate babies were born to girls under age 18 , and over three - fourths were born to women over age 20 .
The problem is the collapse of marriage as the social institution responsible for the costs of the care of children .
The fiscal conservative faction of the Republican Party should also study why Republicans won their big congressional majority in 1994 and what has happened since .
The Democratic Party 's welfare boondoggle was a major reason for the Republican victory .
The wrong - headed welfare system started in the 1960s with Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society and his proclaimed war against poverty .
The system should have been called the war against marriage .
LBJ 's Great Society set up a grossly immoral system whereby millions of people were taught that they had an " entitlement " to pick the pockets of law - abiding , taxpaying families if they met two conditions :
They did n't work , and they were not married to someone who did work .
This destroyed the work ethic and subsidized illegitimacy by giving single moms money and scores of benefits , such as welfare , food stamps , Medicaid , housing , utilities , WIC and commodities .
LBJ 's welfare system undermined marriage and greatly increased all the social problems that flow from fatherless homes , such as drugs , sex , suicide , runaways and school dropouts .
The feminists rejoiced because all the cash went to women , thereby deconstructing what they called the oppressive patriarchy , and the liberals rejoiced because these handouts required more bureaucrats and higher taxes .
True to their Contract With America , the Republican Congress passed welfare reform in 1996 .
It was even signed by President Clinton , who admitted that it was time to " end welfare as we know it . "
The goal of Republican welfare reform was to help families move to employment and self - sufficiency and end long - term dependence on government assistance .
This policy was repealed by Obama 's stimulus , which will add more families to welfare dependency by paying bonuses to states that increase their welfare caseloads .
Obama 's real goal is a permanent expansion of the welfare system .
Nothing promotes that goal as much as discouraging marriage and providing financial incentives to increase the number of single moms .
Single moms have become a fast - growing demographic group that demands a growing welfare industry .
They look to Big Brother government ( aka the Obama administration ) as a provider and the solution to their problems .
Even Obama 's health control law contains a subsidy of thousands of dollars a year to unmarried couples and a penalty if they get married .
That 's the goal of the Obama liberals : a society dependent on the government .
Farmers , restaurants and supermarkets throw away millions of tons of edible food each year at a time when a growing number of Californians struggle to put food on the table .
More than 6 million tons of food products are dumped annually , enough to fill the Staples Center in Los Angeles 35 times over , state studies have found .
Food is the largest single source of waste in California , making up 15.5 percent of the state 's waste stream , according to the California Integrated Waste Management Board .
An examination by California Watch and the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California found shortcomings along California 's food distribution chain that allow vast amounts of food to go to waste in landfills , despite incentives that encourage food donations .
Among the findings :
-- Millions of tons of fruit and vegetables rot in fields and orchards or are plowed over each year .
Some of these edible crops are left behind because they are misshapen or discolored .
Gleaning programs rescue only a small portion of the field waste .
-- Major retail grocery chains are more likely to throw away fruits , vegetables and even entire hams and roasts than donate to distribution centers .
While federal and state laws protect grocers from liability , many stores were concerned that donated food could sicken recipients even if it had not reached its expiration date .
While some major chains donate food , others do not .
-- Restaurants dump tens of thousands of tons of edible food every year .
The vast majority of the state 's 90,000 restaurants do not participate in food - donation programs .
' Ridiculous ' amount of waste
Waste is not just an issue for corporate chains and mom-and - pop food outlets .
Discarded food represents a quarter of all waste tossed away by California households .
While some waste is inevitable in all forms of business , the commodity of food takes on added significance , experts say .
" Waste is built into the food chain at all levels , " said Jonathan Bloom , author of an upcoming book on food waste and of the blog Wasted Food .
" The amount of food we waste is ridiculous , especially when you consider the number of Americans who experience hunger every day . "
Several volunteer organizations work to " reharvest " California 's vast produce landscape and divert edible food that would be wasted from grocery stores and restaurants into California 's food banks and soup kitchens .
" It 's a win - win situation , " said Arlene Mercer , founder of Food Finders , a food recovery group in Long Beach that collects donations from supermarkets and restaurants for food pantries .
" They can receive a tax write - off , people will be fed , and it will stop food waste . "
But Mercer and others say too many opportunities are missed to divert food to the hungry before it is thrown away .
Produce left in fields
California 's carpet of farmland spans 25 million acres and produces about half of the nation 's fruits , nuts and vegetables , according to the California Department of Food and Agriculture .
" Waste is inevitable , " said Mike O'Leary of Boskovich Farms in Ventura County .
" We try to minimize it , but sometimes fields have to be disked , " or cultivated , resulting in food being plowed under .
Some farms , such as Del Monte Foods Co.'s , try to cut their waste by donating produce to food banks .
The California Association of Food Banks , which represents 45 food banks , has distributed more than 60 million pounds of food through its Farm to Family gleaning program .
But such efforts are only moderately successful .
During one recent gleaning operation , about 10 percent of an estimated 140,000 pounds of carrots left above ground was rescued , according to Christy Porter , founder of Hidden Harvest , based in Coachella ( Riverside County ) .
Farmers dispute such figures .
" We 're not in the business of leaving commodities in the field , " said Scott Deardorff of Deardorff Family Farms in Ventura County .
He estimated that food left in the fields is closer to 5 percent .
Grocers fear liability
Some grocers are reluctant to donate much of the food left over because of liability concerns .
John Wadginski , 24 , saw this firsthand .
While in college , Wadginski worked at a Safeway store deli in Davis .
The amount of food he tossed into the trash every night still bothers him .
" I had to throw out 10 - pound hams that were n't even touched , " he said .
" It was easily 50 pounds of food a night . "
Wadginski asked his supervisors if he could volunteer to take the food to a local shelter , but he said he was told not to that " because if anything happened , they would be liable . "
A 1996 federal law protects all donations made in good faith .
States have similar statutes .
The only exceptions are gross negligence or intentional misconduct .
A plaintiff would have to prove that a company or individual intentionally tried to harm another person by making a donation of food it knew to be unsafe .
Most grocery chains participate in some sort of hunger - relief program .
But chains often limit donations to bakery items - the kind of foods that hunger organizations need the least .
Other stores hesitate or refuse to donate perishable items such as produce and meat .
Safeway and Vons spokeswoman Teena Massingill acknowledged concerns about liability as a reason meats and other spoilable items are n't donated .
Costco sends about 45 million pounds of food each year to compost , its own records show .
The chain has no companywide food recovery program .
Mercer of Food Finders said that she has approached Costco but that the company has chosen not to participate , instead offering her discounts on food she buys for the programs and occasional free turkeys .
Albertson's Inc. was the first food chain to start a formal perishable - food - recovery program .
In the Fresh Rescue program , stores within the Albertson 's chain can partner with an organization in their community to receive food from the supermarket .
Each store has one or two employees trained and designated to work with partner agencies .
Meanwhile , the number of hungry Americans continues to grow .
In the past year , the Alameda County Community Food Bank has seen the number of same - day referrals increase 47 percent , said spokesman Brian Higgins .
Few restaurants donate
More than 90,000 eating and drinking establishments operate in California , according to the California Restaurant Association .
But fewer than 1,000 restaurants donated last year through Food Donation Connection , the largest program that links food service donors with hunger - relief agencies .
The 940 California restaurants that participated in 2009 included almost 400 Pizza Huts , more than 100 KFC locations and more than 100 Chipotle Mexican Grill establishments .
Kevin Westlye , executive director of the Golden Gate Restaurant Association , which represents 800 firms in the Bay Area , said most members of his association participate in Food Runners , a 23 - year - old San Francisco organization that feeds the hungry with food that would be otherwise discarded .
By request ...
Click on graph for larger image .
This graph shows the job losses from the start of the employment recession , in percentage terms - but this time aligned at the bottom of the recession ( ht Tom ) .
This assumes that the 2007 recession has reached bottom .
The current recession has been bouncing along the bottom for a few months - so the choice of bottom is a little arbitrary ( plus or minus a month or two ) .
Notice that the 1990 and 2001 recessions were followed by jobless recoveries - and the eventual job recovery was gradual .
In earlier recessions the recovery was somewhat similar and a little faster than the decline ( somewhat symmetrical ) .
If the current recovery was similar to the earlier recessions , the economy would recovery the 8 + million lost payroll jobs over the next 2 years .
I think that is very unlikely ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A hailstorm has struck the Australian city of Melbourne , causing widespread damage and traffic disruption .
Emergency crews are mopping up after the downpour but forecasters have warned of more rain to come .
Alexandra Mackenzie reports .
The vaccine additive thimerosal is not to blame for autism , a special federal court ruled Friday in a long - running battle by parents convinced there us a connection .
While expressing sympathy for the parents involved in the emotionally charged cases , the court concluded they had failed to show a connection between the mercury - containing preservative and autism .
" Such families must cope every day with tremendous challenges in caring for their autistic children , and all are deserving of sympathy and admiration , " special master George Hastings Jr. , wrote .
But , he added , Congress designed the victim compensation program only for families whose injuries or deaths can be shown to be linked to a vaccine and that has not been done in this case .
The ruling came in the so - called vaccine court , a special branch of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims established to handle claims of injury from vaccines .
It can be appealed in federal court .
Friday 's decision that autism is not caused by thimerosal alone follows a parallel ruling in 2009 that autism is not caused by the combination of vaccines with thimerosal and other vaccines .
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
The new ruling was welcomed by Dr. Paul Offit of Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , who said the autism theory had " already had its day in science court and failed to hold up . "
But the controversy has cast a pall over vaccines , causing some parents to avoid them , he noted , " it 's very hard to unscare people after you have scared them . "
On the other side of the issue , a group backing the parents ' theory charged that the vaccine court was more interested in government policy than protecting children .
" The deck is stacked against families in vaccine court .
Government attorneys defend a government program , using government - funded science , before government judges , " Rebecca Estepp , of the Coalition for Vaccine Safety said in a statement .
Meanwhile , in reaction to the concerns of parents , thimerosal has been removed from most vaccines in the United States .
In Friday 's action the court ruled in three different cases , each concluding that the preservative has no connection to autism .
The trio of rulings can offer reassurance to parents scared about vaccinating their babies because of a small but vocal anti-vaccine movement .
Some vaccine - preventable diseases , including measles , are on the rise .
The U.S. Court of Claims is different from many other courts :
The families involved did n't have to prove the inoculations definitely caused the complex neurological disorder , just that they probably did .
More than 5,500 claims have been filed by families seeking compensation through the government 's Vaccine Injury Compensation Program , and the rulings dealt with test cases to settle which if any claims had merit .
Autism is best known for impairing a child 's ability to communicate and interact .
Recent data suggest a 10 - fold increase in autism rates over the past decade , although it 's unclear how much of the surge reflects better diagnosis .
Worry about a vaccine link first arose in 1998 when a British physician , Dr. Andrew Wakefield , published a medical journal article linking a particular type of autism and bowel disease to the measles vaccine .
The study was later discredited .
I have completely lost count of how many times I have read phrases like , " Consider a light source that emits photon pairs that are indistinguishable . "
This indistinguishability , along with the ability of these pairs to be correlated , plays a central role in the games that we play with quantum mechanics .
This is n't only a matter of games for academics — there are also security and computational applications that depend on photons that are ( theoretically , at least ) indistinguishable .
But real experiments use real equipment that is never quite ideal .
In some ways this is a benefit , because an ideal pair of detectors would detect differences in our slightly - less - than - ideal photons , destroying experiments and generating cynical graduate students .
Now , some new research from ETH Zurich and Aalto University in Finland explores how imperfect indistinguishability alters the appearance of quantum effects .
Controlling wavelength
The basic idea of the experiment is simple .
Take two objects that emit single photons that are identical to each other .
Detect these photons after they have been mixed together using a beam splitter .
If they are identical , both photons will appear on the same output port of the beam splitter and set off the same detector .
If they are different , they can appear on different output ports and set off different detectors .
As the wavelength difference between the two photons varies , the statistics logged by the detectors reveal whether the photons can be usefully considered " distinguishable . "
The researchers built independent but identical photon sources by mixing dye molecules into a polymer matrix , which was then cooled to near absolute zero .
The emission wavelength of the dye molecules is very sharply defined thanks to the low temperature , but each dye molecule has a different local environment — the polymers are randomly arranged , so each dye molecule sits in a local electric field that has its own orientation and strength .
As a result , each dye molecule has a unique color .
To get two single photon emitters , the researchers used two microscopes to collect light from a very small region of the dye — so small , in fact , that only a single dye molecule was responsible for the photons collected by the microscope .
This makes the system a single photon emitter , because a dye molecule can only emit a single photon after it has been excited .
To emit a second photon , it must be re-excited ; since excitation is done by an external laser pulse , this is easy to control .
Of course , the photons are distinguishable because they emit different colors .
The researchers use the source of this natural difference — the local electric field — as a knob that changes the dye molecule 's emitted wavelength .
An externally applied field can change the emission wavelength ; the researchers did this using a pair of tiny electrodes positioned in close proximity to one of the microscope objectives .
Controlling arrival time
Now they had two independent sources of photons with emission wavelengths that could be continuously varied from indistinguishable to distinguishable .
The second variable in the experiment is the time of arrival of the photons at the beam splitter .
A typical experimental result was to set the emission wavelength and then tune the arrival time of the photons .
When they are identical in both wavelength and arrival time , only one photodetector should detect light ; when either the color or the arrival time are different , both detectors can click .
In practice , though , noise gets in the way .
As a result , even when the photons are experimentally as indistinguishable as possible , the researchers only got something like 60 - 70 percent of the clicks from a single detector .
Detuning the color of one photon from another by about 300MHz — this is a huge amount in terms of what is usually done to ensure photons are indistinguishable — resulted in performance that was pretty much as good as the perfect case , but the timing of the photons had to be more accurate .
Overall , the results are surprising , in that the amount of detuning that could be tolerated was huge .
But in another way , it was also not surprising because , as the photons become more distinguishable , the data indicates less than perfect indistinguishability .
You 'd also expect that the timing constraints were tighter for photons with slightly different emission wavelengths , because the two are related — wavelength and frequency are inversely proportional , and frequency is the inverse of time .
I would , therefore , expect the quantum interference would be completely gone if the arrival difference was 3ns or better , which is exactly what the researchers found .
This is quite significant , because 200 - 300MHz puts indistinguishable photons in the range of " pretty crappy " ( and hence , relatively cheap ) single photon sources .
So this finding , which provides constraints on how bad the emitters can be , might come as a relief to those whose job it is to develop commercial single photon sources .
For those of you wondering why this lovely dye source can't be used more often : dye molecules fall apart after a few thousand excitations , meaning that the photon source is essentially a disposable one .
Physical Review Letters , 2010 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.123605
Given minimal input the software generates jokes
Computer scientists in Scotland developed the program for children who need to use computerised speech aids .
The team said enabling non-speaking children to use puns and other jokes would help them to develop their language and communication skills .
The researchers admitted some of the computer - generated puns were terrible , but said the children who had tried the technology loved them .
The System to Augment Non-speakers Dialogue Using Puns ( Standup ) project has been developed by scientists at the Universities of Dundee , Aberdeen and Edinburgh .
Computer scientist Dr Annalu Waller , one of the project researchers at the University of Dundee , said : " Basically , the computer comes up with novel jokes - many of which are terrible . "
" Children who are developing on a typical development track actually tell very unfunny jokes , so we have provided that facility for non-speaking children as well . "
Funny bunny
Children using the software can choose a word or compound word , which will form some or all of the punch line , from the system 's dictionary .
The program then writes the joke 's opener .
It works by comparing the selected word with other words in its dictionary for phonetic similarity or concepts that link the words together , and then fits them into a pun template .
Some examples of jokes the software has generated include :
What do you get when you cross a car with a sandwich ?
A traffic jam
What do you call a strange rabbit ?
A funny bunny
What do you call a frog road ?
A main toad
What do you call artist who is a minister ?
A pastor master
Dr Waller said children who are unable to speak can suffer from communication setbacks because their computerised speech aids can lack scope for generating novel language .
Language play , including use of humour , is believed to have a beneficial effect on a child 's developing language and communication skills .
The software has recently been used in a 10 - week trial at a school outside of Glasgow .
Dr Waller said : " The kids have been superb , they have taken to the software like fish to water .
They have been regaling everybody with their jokes . "
She said it seemed to have boosted their confidence as well as their language skills .
" It gives these kids the ability to control conversations , perhaps for the first time , it gives them the ability to entertain other people .
And their self - image improves too . "
The researchers are in talks with manufacturers to see if the software can be integrated into computerised - speech aids for children .
