by Tom++ , June 27 , 1995
From the Talk .
Politics .
Drugs Usenet newsgroup
You support robberies and assaults on innocent people .
The high prices of drugs caused by prohibition force many drug addicts to turn to robbery in order to pay for their drugs .
Legalization would drop drug prices .
Drug users would no longer need to rob / assault innocent people in order to support their drug habit .
This violence against innocent people would end if drugs were legalized .
You support clogging our prisons and jails with nonviolent people .
Nearly 50 % of all people in prison and jail are serving time for nonviolent drug charges .
There are thousands of people in prisons for 5 , 10 , 50 years — even life — for possessing marijuana or cocaine !
The average rapist is set free after serving only 3 years in prison , the average murderer is set free after serving only 9 years in prison !
To house just one prisoner for one year costs the taxpayer $ 40,000 !
The result of these harsh penalties ?
Drug use has increased !
( Tough laws have not stopped me from using marijuana — nor will they ever ! )
You support organized crime and drug cartels .
Huge drug cartels and criminal organizations thrive off the enormous profits caused by drug prohibition .
These organizations are responsible for thousands of murders !
Many of people killed or hurt are innocent people who get in the way !
These violent organizations will never be put out of business — unless drugs are legalized .
You support environmental destruction .
Underground cocaine and methamphetamine labs use toxic chemicals to produce those drugs — the wastes are recklessly dumped in forests and streams .
These highly toxic chemicals are causing major environmental damage in South American rainforests and now in the U.S.
This environmental destruction will stop only if drugs are legalized .
You support drug dealers and street gangs .
Drug dealers and street gangs fight over drug territories .
Thousands of people are murdered and assaulted because of this fighting — many are innocent people who get in the way .
This violence is another result of the huge profits caused by drug prohibition .
You lure thousands of young people into quitting school .
It is a fact that thousands of inner-city youths drop out of school to make enormous profits by selling drugs .
The incentive to drop out of school would end if drugs were legalized .
You do nothing to keep drugs away from kids or out of schools .
In spite of what you may believe , keeping drugs illegal does not keep drugs away from children !
Drugs are easily obtainable in almost every high school in America .
Legalizing drugs would put schoolyard drug dealers out of business !
There would be less drugs in our schools if drugs were legalized .
Drugs would still be illegal for minors !
You subsidize criminals by letting them reap huge drug profits without paying taxes .
Since drugs are sold anyway , would n’t you rather have them heavily taxed so it would reduce your tax burden ?
You are giving criminals a free ride and it ’s coming out of your own pocket .
Working people pay 100 % of all taxes for the drug dealers !
Why do you want to pay taxes for drug dealers ?
You advocate punishing millions of harmless drug users ( like me ) at an enormous cost to society .
If you believe drugs should be illegal , then you advocate spending your tax dollars to arrest / jail / punish millions of productive , honest , and harmless working people ( like myself ) .
Why ?
We hurt nobody !
Who benefits from this policy ?
Nobody !
Who loses from this policy ?
Everybody !
Drug users can only hurt themselves .
But the drug war harms / kills hundreds of thousands of innocent people and burdens you — the taxpayer .
The drug war costs you hundreds of dollars every year !
The drug war has not reduced drug use !
Prohibitionists claim drugs must be illegal because they harm people .
Why are prohibitionists so concerned about what other people do to themselves ?
Why do they feel it is their responsibility and right to control the lifestyles of other adults ?
The prohibitionists tell stories of people who hurt themselves with illegal drugs .
So what ?
For every one person who has been harmed with illegal drugs , there are dozens of people who have used illegal drugs and were not harmed .
For every one person who has been harmed by illegal drugs , there are 1,000 people who harm / kill themselves by deliberately choosing these harmful lifestyles …
Being overweight
Smoking cigarettes
Watching too much TV
Eating high - fat / high - cholesterol diets
Eating too much meat
Participating in dangerous sports / activities
Drinking alcohol
Eating too much sugar
Eating too few fruits / vegetables
Drinking too much coffee
Getting little / no exercise
Why do n’t the prohibitionists advocate banning all of the above harmful lifestyles ?
The prohibitionists tolerate people who hurt / kill themselves with tobacco , alcohol , poor diet , or no exercise , but they refuse to tolerate people who harm themselves with cocaine .
Why ?
Inconsistent !
Illogical !
Irrational !
We now come to the real reason why marijuana , cocaine , LSD , and other drugs are illegal : Lifestyle control !
Prohibitionists fear that if drugs are legalized , the “ drug culture ” will spread to the rest of society .
Nobody can force others to use drugs !
Adults must take responsibility for their own health !
Because the prohibitionists have decided that drugs are wrong for them does not give them the right to force their lifestyle on others .
Prohibitionists want government to play the role of parent .
Prohibitionists believe they must babysit adults .
Prohibitionists are the lifestyle police !
In the last 25 years , per capita alcohol and tobacco consumption has decreased significantly .
This was accomplished by education and treatment , not by threat of punishment !
Drug use / abuse would drop significantly if we spent our resources on education and treatment instead of law enforcement .
No rational person would call for imprisonment of smokers and drinkers in order to reduce tobacco and alcohol use .
But that method is exactly how we try to reduce drug use .
The savings to be had in ending the drug war could easily pay for all the drug treatment and education programs we need .
The drug war is a failure !
Education and treatment work !
If you do n’t like a culture or a lifestyle , do n’t live it !
If you do n’t like alcohol , tobacco , marijuana , or other drugs , do n’t use them !
But do n’t ban my personal lifestyle for fear it will poison your lifestyle .
Adults must take responsibility for their own actions !
It is a flagrant violation of individual freedom to threaten others with punishment just because they choose a lifestyle that is not right for you .
I will continue to smoke marijuana and enjoy it !
I hurt nobody !
If others do not approve of what I do to myself in my own home , too bad !
I may not care for the music you listen to , the food you eat , or the culture you have adopted , but I would never advocate punishing you because I do n’t like your lifestyle .
If someone violates the rights of others , the violater should be punished ; otherwise , people should mind their own business .
Adults who use drugs responsibly — whether they be tobacco , alcohol , LSD , or marijuana — cause no harm to others !
Leave us alone !
If you still believe drugs should be illegal , answer this question …
Why do you believe it is good policy to punish me — and 20 million adult Americans like me — because I choose to use marijuana in the privacy of my own home ?
Who benefits from this policy and how do they benefit ?
Total cost of drug prohibition
Over 300,000 nonviolent people lose their freedom to prison / jail .
Thousands of murders , assaults , and robberies caused by drug crimes .
$ 20 billion / year in law enforcement costs .
$ 10 billion / year in lost tax revenue ( similar to alcohol tax ) .
$ 5 billion / year in property losses due to drug - related crimes .
$ 50 billion / year and 500,000 jobs lost because of no hemp industry .
Total cost = $ 85 billion / year = $ 500 per taxpayer every year !
Harmful Effects ?
So , just how much are the American people supposed to take ?
Here we 've got a president who lied us into making war on Iraq and who , despite a new National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) , is stubbornly trying to lie us into another war against Iran .
President Bush today is telling Iran to " come clean " when he 's nose deep in what comes out of the hind end of a Texas Longhorn .
Our commander - in - chief is so fanatical for war against Iran that , as investigative reporter Seymour Hersh wrote earlier this year in The New Yorker , there 's a special planning group under the Joint Chiefs of Staff organized to plot one .
Hersh quotes a former intelligence official stating the group is " charged with creating a contingency bombing plan for Iran that can be implemented upon orders from the President , within 24 hours . "
So it 's clear why Bush pushed Congress last September for his warmongering Iran resolution that Senator Jim Webb ( D - Va. ) , former Secretary of the Navy , labeled " a de facto authorization for use of military force against Iran . "
Bush is rarin ' to attack !
The wonder is why the Senate would give this liar anything but the boot ?
Despite the new NIE estimate , Bush continues to insist Iran is the warmonger .
This only further strengthens the case for impeachment against him and for criminal prosecution of those responsible for Iraq war , including former Secretary of State Colin Powell and his successor , Condoleezza ( " Mushroom Cloud " ) Rice .
As John Prados points out in his book " Hoodwinked " ( The New Press ) , Vice President Richard Cheney also " played a key role in getting Iraq to the top of the Bush agenda and keeping it there ... and falsely implicated Iraq in Al Qaeda terrorism , " and much , much more .
Maybe we need a refresher course in Bush 's lies .
As Prados recalled : " An alleged chemical storage area at one facility turned out to be an Olympic - size swimming pool , a production plant had actually been a distillery making whiskey , another chemical storage site was a plant making car license plates , a cache of documents on chemical weapons a graduate student 's master 's thesis . "
The WMD lie was so preposterous , the " Weekly World News " joked in its August 19 , 2003 , issue that Saddam had smuggled 3,600 killer dinosaur eggs into the U.S. that would hatch to turn America into a new " Jurassic Park . "
To date , Bush 's war has cost the American people 4,000 lives and 30,000 wounded and a trillion dollars of wasted tax dollars .
And it has cost the people of Iraq a million killed , perhaps another million wounded , untold billions in destroyed property and commerce , four million driven from their homes , and two million forced to quit the country !
The UN calls this exodus a " humanitarian crisis " but believe me , those are just words unless it is your family , your children , and your loved ones driven into the streets !
Unless it is you that gets the call to come down to the morgue to identify a body thought to be your kid .
And what for ?
What did the people of Iraq ever do to us ?
Still worse , commander - in - chief Bush has allowed the Pentagon to fire irradiated ammunition ( banned by the Geneva Convention ) all over Iraq as though it is some kind of paintball playland , radiation that is likely causing cancers , radiation that will poison that unfortunate country perhaps for thousands of years to come --- a crime against humanity .
Are we , the people , so blind , have we so lost our moral perspective , that we will believe a president when he tells us that Iran , a country with an annual military budget of 5 billion bucks , poses a threat to USofA with our total military spending of $ 800 billion ?
That Iran , which does n't have the beginning of a nuclear bomb , poses a threat to this country with our arsenal of 10,000 tethered nukes at the fingertips of ( shudder ) you - know - who ?
That Iran is raring to take on our missile - armed frigates and aircraft carriers , ships at this very moment plowing the waters of the Persian Gulf off the Iranian coast with enough atomic punch to destroy the planet ?
Well , millions of us believed Bush when he and his top aides told us Iraq had " horrible poisons and diseases and gases and atomic weapons . "
Shakespeare 's
Puck must have foreseen Americans were coming when he cried , " What fools these mortals be . "
Just before this nation was born , one observer said the British Crown dispatched its Redcoats to invade the colonies because " their crime was property . "
Today , it may be seen the " crime " of Iran , like Iraq , is oil and our very own King George has his eye on it .
The former Texas oil man in the Oval Office and his former oil man vice president have led us into a war for oil , creating a destabilization in the market that has doubled the price of oil to $ 3.20 a gallon since they took office and showered oil companies ExxonMobil and the others with fabulous profits .
That 's the bottom line .
Americans are paying for this war with their taxes and they 're paying for it at the pumps and in their home heating bills and in higher prices for food at the supermarkets .
So , I repeat , just how much are the American people supposed to take ?
At least , out of pity for the agony of the people of Iraq , the public must urge Congress impeach and prosecute President Bush .
Bluntly , we 've got to stop him before he kills more .
_______
About author Sherwood Ross is an American reporter who has worked for major American newspapers and magazines as well as international wire services .
To comment on this article or arrange for speaking engagements : Sherwood Ross is an American reporter who has worked for major American newspapers and magazines as well as international wire services .
To comment on this article or arrange for speaking engagements : sherwoodr1@yahoo.com
The federal government ’s decision to lay a subpoena on Michael Moore provides a psychological insight ( not a new insight ) into the Bush Administration .
The suboena probably has something to do with Moore ’s visit to Cuba .
American law does n’t prohibit Americans from visiting Cuba , but it does prohibit American citizens spending their own money in Cuba .
As I understand the law does allow certain non-profit organizations to take your money before you land in Cuba and they can spend money to feed and house you .
So , perhaps , Bush is trying to nail Moore on this law .
Or maybe it ’s something else .
We just do n’t know yet .
It is interesting that numerous Americans visit Cuba every year without a subpoena ( just Google “ Cuba ” and “ vacation , ” yet Moore gets nailed when he goes to Havana .
The “ why ” is obvious .
Michael Moore has driven a harpoon through a gaggle of corrupt politicians with Sicko .
And we do know that Bush & Co. are vengeful , small - minded megalomaniacal and fascist control freaks .
The question on my mind is how many insurance company executives can the federal prosecutors possibly finagle onto a jury ?
I ask this because the prosetor will desperately need them to convict Moore of anything .
But there just are n’t enough of those high - salaried executives out there to outnumber the millions of common citizens who know from personal experience that Moore is largely speaking truth when he tells us that the American health care system is inefficient , incredibly expensive , exclusionary , and often corrupt .
Oh , and here ’s another thing .
Many of the competent federal prosecutors have been fired anyway –because they were competent .
So who ’s going to try this federal case against Michael Moore ?
And what will result from this subpeona , no matter what it is really about ?
It will make Michael Moore into a victim / hero .
It will be a world - class promotion for people to go see Sicko .
The prosecution of Michael Moore will go nowhere .
What is accomplished by this new subpoena is that Americans have been reminded of what a petty - minded vindictive man sits in the Oval Office .
We saw this same vindictiveness before , when the Administration outed Valerie Plame .
Moore dared to embarrass the Republicans ( and many Democrats ) with Sicko .
He did his work in a way that is resonating across American .
Millions of Americans are now asking why we ca n’t afford to guarantee every American citizen a decent level of medical care .
In Sicko , the scene with six - and seven - figure healthcare campaign contributions superimposed over many of our most powerful elected officials drew gasps and derision at the theater I attended .
That ’s political blood in the water and the citizens are moving in .
Here ’s another thing that Moore did to embarrass Bush :
By going into Cuba and showing ( by walking down the street and being treated kindly by the people , including the doctors )
Moore exploded the myth that Cuba is a hideous place , simply because it remains “ Communist . ”
If anything , Moore ’s scenes from Cuba made me want to visit Cuba for an extended stay .
In sum , Bush allowed his reptilian emotions take over when he gave the OK to send out that subpoena ( if you do n’t think the decision to send it was n’t cleared on high , think again ) .
The bottom line is that Bush is going to pay for this one .
Almost no one CARES about technical laws regarding visiting or spending money in Cuba .
This is Michael Moore ’s dream to get attacked by the federal government .
It was Osama Bin Laden ’s dream to successfully bait Bush enough to cause Bush to expand the war beyond Afghanistan .
Being easily baited is not the mark of a strong leader .
Located in the Pacific Ocean between California and Hawaii and measuring in at roughly twice the size of Texas , this elusive mass is home to hundreds of species of marine life and is constantly expanding .
It has tripled in size since the middle of the 1990s and could grow tenfold in the next decade .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Although no official title has been given to the mass yet , a popular label thus far has been " The Great Pacific Garbage Patch . "
As suggested by the name , the island is almost entirely comprises human - made trash .
It currently weighs approximately 3.5 million tons with a concentration of 3.34 million pieces of garbage per square kilometer , 80 per cent of which is plastic .
Due to the Patch 's location in the North Pacific Gyre , its growth is guaranteed to continue as this Africa - sized section of ocean spins in a vortex that effectively traps flotsam .
Few visitors
The cause for the Patch 's relative lack of acknowledgment is that the portion of the Pacific it occupies is almost entirely unvisited .
It lacks the wind to attract sailing vessels , the biology to encourage fishing , and is not in the path of major shipping lanes .
What little air movement there is blows inwards , further trapping the garbage .
According to an article in the San Francisco Chronicle , Marcus Eriksen , a director at the Algatita Marine Research Foundation , said that " with the winds blowing in and the currents in the gyre going circular , it 's the perfect environment for trapping . "
While the trash is in the ocean , it is doing what could be irreparable harm to sea life , the water it 's in , and eventually humans .
Plastic resists biodegrading .
Instead , a plastic shopping bag or pop bottle will photo - degrade over time , meaning that it will break down into smaller and smaller pieces but retain its original molecular composition .
The result is a great amount of fine plastic sand that resembles food to many creatures .
Unfortunately , the plastic cannot be digested , so sea birds or fish can eventually starve to death with a stomach full of plastic .
Even if the amount of plastic in a creature 's body is not enough to block the passage of food , the small pellets act as sponges for several toxins , concentrating chemicals such as DDT to 1 million times the normal level .
This concentration then works its way up the food chain until a fish is served at our dinner table .
A deadly shining
Some birds , attracted to the shining in the ocean , approach the Great Pacific Garbage Patch in search of food .
Marine researchers have commented that pelicans dissected in that area have stomachs so full of lighters that they resemble convenience stores .
Sea turtles are also prone to mistaking plastic bags for jelly fish , which then cause their deaths or sit in their guts for the decades it takes the bags to break down .
In total , 267 species have been reported to have eaten from , or become entangled in , the Patch .
According to Chris Parry of the California Coastal Commission , regrettably little can be done to clean up the Patch , although many urge that a decreased reliance on plastic is the first step .
" At this point , " said Parry , " cleaning it up is n't an option . . . it 's just going to get bigger as our reliance on plastics continues . "
" The long - term solution is to stop producing as much plastic products at home and change our consumption habits . "
Cleaning up the Patch will likely cost billions of dollars and , as an approximation , be more difficult than vacuuming every inch of the United States .
The plastic and garbage reach more than 30 metres down into the ocean and a great number of organisms would be destroyed in the process .
So far , no country has so much as proposed a solution , presumably because no nation wishes to claim responsibility .
Even if all plastic usage were to stop immediately , future geologists would be able to clearly mark the stratum designating the 20th and 21st century by an indelible layer of plastic coating the world 's oceans .
Related
Tyee stories :
Americans understand that the government can't just lock away their friends or neighbors without explanation or giving them a day in court .
But should that still be true when we 're talking about accused terrorists ?
For five years , the executive branch and Congress have said that foreign enemy combatants should not have access to federal courts and have allowed them to languish in a Guantánamo prison without outside judicial review .
Last month , US senators narrowly failed to reverse this misguided strategy , but we all have a stake in the consequences of this debate .
At stake is habeas corpus , a doctrine as old as Magna Carta .
Its core principle , that no person can be locked away without a fair and impartial court review , is the cornerstone of all free societies , including America's .
Habeas corpus protects all of us by ensuring that government is detaining the right people and not accidentally ( or intentionally ) jailing the innocent .
It allows a fair hearing and nothing more .
If a judge finds that imprisonment is lawful , an inmate remains in confinement .
Since 9/11 , courts have affirmed that under federal law they may review legal claims of individual detainees .
But before those rulings led to habeas hearings , Congress twice voted to change the rules .
After the Supreme Court ruled that enemy combatants could file habeas claims in federal courts , Congress last year passed the Military Commissions Act , which prohibits courts from hearing such cases .
Why should Americans protect the rights of people possibly bent on their destruction ?
There are many reasons , but the main one is this :
Championing the rule of law is the best way to protect American society , and its founding values .
We must , of course , aggressively protect the nation 's security .
But ultimately , the conditions that foster terrorism will recede as systems of justice , and respect for human rights , take greater root around the world .
Efforts to advance the rule of law , including those by the US government , are undermined when America is seen as not living up to the values it promotes elsewhere .
Four retired commanding officers of the US Judge Advocate General Corps recently warned Congress that the Military Commissions
Act actually increases the risk that US personnel and tourists overseas will be imprisoned without legal review .
Some argue that military necessity makes normal court review for detainees an unaffordable luxury , but they should consider this : Even Israel , which lives in constant threat of deadly attack , ensures a prompt court review of all suspected terrorists .
It has found that protecting its values and liberties is key to protecting its safety .
In one 1980 case , Kawasme v. the Minister of Defense , Israel 's Supreme Court went so far as to say : " There is no more potent weapon than the rule of law . "
In our own time of anxiety , that is a powerful example to consider and follow .
If there is one positive to be taken from last month 's Senate vote , it is that a majority voted to restore habeas – although still short of the 60 needed to clear a procedural hurdle .
Another is that the Supreme Court has affirmed the importance of this issue , deciding that it will review whether the Military Commissions
Act 's habeas provision is constitutional .
By holding governments accountable , and by preventing wrongful imprisonment , habeas corpus has expanded human safety and freedom for nearly 800 years .
Even in risky times – indeed , especially in risky times – that is a value worth preserving , for friends and enemies alike .
The Beatles are coming online in 2008 — for real this time , guys !
That 's what former Beatle Paul McCartney told Billboard yesterday , anyway .
The artist 's comments echo previous comments made by the widow of former Beatle George Harrison , Olivia , earlier this year .
At the time , she said that the remastering had already been done and ready to go , although things were apparently being held up by album art .
" It 's all happening soon .
Most of us are all sort of ready .
The whole thing is primed , ready to go — there 's just maybe one little sticking point left , and I think it 's being cleared up as we speak , so it should n't be too long , " McCartney said to Billboard .
" It 's down to fine - tuning , but I 'm pretty sure it 'll be happening next year , 2008 . "
Of course , these comments come long after the rumor that the Beatles might exclusively debut on iTunes was smashed .
The group ( or ghosts thereof ) plans to make its digital debut on all music services that are willing and able , which includes the iTunes Store .
In February , Apple Corps ' Neil Aspinall said that " all 13 core albums " would be released first , with the others eventually following .
Still , even without iTunes exclusivity , Apple fans still often feel a special tie to the one holdout to the digital music era .
Now that Apple and Apple are getting along , it seems like there is n't much holding the Beatles back .
Let 's get on with it !
Please come visit at sustainablog.org for tons more great eco content .
By Ken Adachi < Editor >
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/index.shtml
June 27 , 2005
Sanctioned Torture & Summary Execution In America ( June 27 , 2005 )
Radio interview :
April 2 , 2008 .
Ken Adachi & Don Nicoloff review the horrendous story of TASER abuse by police in America .
Hundreds of non threatening , innocent citizens are tasered to death yearly by inhuman , federally - trained Robocops over " nothing " issues .
TASER guns must be banned in this country .
But it wo n't happen until the people of this country stop tolerating these 50,000 volt instruments of torture and summary execution by electrocution .
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/taser_killings_Evident_Footprints_2008-04-02.mp3
I posted an article ( www.prisonplanet.com) dated June 23 , 2005 which reported that 105 people were killed in North America within the first 3 months of 2005 by police using ' non- lethal ' high voltage TASER guns .
It was shocking enough to read that 70 people were killed in North America in 2004 from being tasered by police , but now that number has been exceeded by 25 % and ii was only the first quarter of 2005 .
The public needs to become aware of this new , lethal abuse from police personnel who are suppose to protect the public , not torture and summarily execute people because they do n't " comply " quickly enough when ordered to do this or that .
It was predictable that this abuse would ensue as more and more police departments in Britain and America started distributing this high tech torture device to the rank and file last year .
The use of TASER guns by police departments across America must come to an end
We cannot trust police personnel or their supervisors or their police chiefs to use these weapons judiciously , sparingly , and with reservation in order to subdue only those offenders who present a real threat of serious bodily injury ( or death ) and cannot be subdued by any other means , using more traditional and ' non-lethal ' means of restraint - like a few cops jumping on the guy and physically overpowering him .
When you read the commentary from police spokesmen who attempt to minimize and dismiss this new threat when answering reporters questions , you can see from their words that they are impressed with and intoxicated by the newly realized power and intimidation factor gleaned from using Flash Gordon weaponry .
Police department apologists apparently are n't willing to own up to the fact that in the vast majority of these cases , harmless and relatively innocent people are being tasered and sometimes killed because they had n't responded quickly enough to some ' compliance ' order being barked at them by a policeman !
Never mind that the person being tasered may not have understood , or heard , or even realized what was being said to him .
Immediate ' compliance ' is the order of the day today with Officer Rambo and too bad if you get killed for not obeying police ' orders ' quickly enough !
Transforming Office Friendly into Officer Rambo
Gradually , the hidden hand of the Illuminati has been converting city police departments across America into organizations staffed with personnel that are coming to more closely resemble the police of Stalin 's era or that of former East Germany .
We no longer have the friendly policeman walking the beat in America .
He was the sort of cop who was treated with respect by everyone in the neighborhood - not out of fear - but rather from a sense of admiration and welcome for the heightened sense of security that ensued in the wake of his presence .
In my youth , I can remember how I would often stop to kibitz or joke with that sort of cop who walked my blue collar , big city neighborhood - always twirling a brown baton ( before it was changed to the satanically inspired color of black ) .
You had no reason to fear him because he did n't do anything to warrant your fear or anxiety .
He behaved and acted appropriately for the security environment at hand .
If you were law abiding , he was friendly , polite , and always helpful .
If you were a teenage wise guy and tried to push your luck , you might get a mild , low key verbal rebuke from Officer Friendly , but that would be the end of it .
And if you were a criminal and were caught in the act of committing a crime , you were collared by hand ( usually by a single cop ) and taken away in a squad car to be booked downtown .
In those days , American police almost NEVER shot people - even those criminals caught with a gun in their hand .
They told the person holding the gun to " drop it " and put their hands in the air .
If he did n't cooperate , they would continue to talk to him and say something like : " it 's all over " , or " there 's no use ; .
you 're caught - give it up " , or " you ca n't get away , just drop the gun and no one will get hurt " , etc .
Most perpetrators would surrender right away , but for those few exceptions who would n't , the cop(s ) would continue to talk to him and wear him down psychologically and he eventually gave up .
Experienced cops sometimes used comedy to break the tension and relax the atmosphere .
It might take 15 minutes or an hour or 3 hours , but it worked .
There was a sense of humanity present and the cops of that era would generally behave in a way to lower tension and neutralize aggressiveness .
The criminal was taken into custody without harm , the cops went home unharmed and everyone got to see another day .
It was the norm for most policemen to refrain from shooting an individual unless the person started shooting first .
I do n't know whether it was a written rule or a rule that was tacitly understood , but most city cops abided by it .
Even criminals generally did n't harbor a hostility or hatred towards cops because cops - at that time - behaved ethically for the most part .
They used just enough force to justify the circumstances and no more .
Cops generally behaved like human beings and treated people , even criminals , like human beings .
They got good results because people respond positively to humane temperament and consideration .
Today , however , we no longer have cops who behave like human beings .
Today 's cops are often actively recruited from the ranks of ex-military special forces .
Just go to the web site of any average size city police department in America and read the bio notes on the younger officers .
You will see the military background come up again and again - and again .
You will also notice how proud , even small town police departments are of their very own SWAT teams , as they just love to pose for group photos showing off their spiffy black combat boots , bloused pants , flax jackets , and M16 assault rifles - symbolic of America 's growing legions of MILITARIZED police .
You do n't need an extensive study by the Rand Corporation to see that the standards for character qualifications , criminal background , education , and physical attributes for current day police have been lowered - dramatically .
Update September 21 , 2007
Amnesty International said in their 2006 report on Taser guns that there are now over 7,000 police departments across America who now use TASER guns .
The death count from police using TASERs has risen to over 270 people killed .
Citizens must organize locally and force local mayors and city council members to order their police departments to abandon the use of Taser guns .
Without an organized grassroots campaign to stop the use of TASER guns by police , the incidents of electronic torture and death among the most vulnerable ( mentally disabled , elderly , children , alcohol or drug impaired , etc ) within our communities will only rise - year by year .
This abomination MUST end . .
April 2 , 2008 Radio Interview
You can listen to a one hour and twenty minute radio interview I did with radio host Don Nicoloff over BBS Radio on April 2 , 2008 .
Tthe entire show was devoted to the topic of TASER killings and police abuse of TASER guns .
Our interview starts at the 4 minute mark , after Don reviews upcoming guests for his radio show , Evident Footprints .
You can download the mp3 file and listen to it from your computer or load it onto your MP3 player ( the file is 1.9 megs )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/taser_killings_Evident_Footprints_2008-04-02.mp3
Ken Adachi
Amnesty International on TASERS
Amnesty International Urges Stricter Limits on Police Taser Use as U.S. Death Toll Reaches 500 ( FEb. 15 , 2012 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnl500deathtoll15feb12.shtml
Amnesty International : Aftershocks of ' Non-lethal ' TASER Guns ( Jan. 6 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnlaftershocks06jan09.shtml
Amnesty International TASER Related News ( Updated to Dec. 3 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnltasernews.shtml
Amnesty International Renews Call for Independent TASER Review ( Jan. 8 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnltaserafetyreview08jan07.shtml
Amnesty International 2006 Report on TASER Abuse - html version ( March 28 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnl2006TASERreport.shtml
pdf version of above :
http://web.amnesty.org/library/pdf/AMR510302006ENGLISH/$File/AMR5103006.pdf
( Note :
The pdf version of the 2006 report includes the names of the people who had died from police TASER guns from the 2004 report up to a month or so of the 2006 report .
Look in the appendix section at the back of the pdf .
The html version does not include the names of those who died )
Amnesty International Full 2004 Report on TASER Abuse ( Nov. 30 , 2004 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnl2004TASERfullreport.shtml
pdf version :
http://web.amnesty.org/library/pdf/AMR511392004ENGLISH/$File/AMR5113904.pdf
( Note :
The pdf version of the 2004 includes the names of the people who had died from police TASER guns from 2001 up to a month before the report was published .
Look in the appendix section at the back of the pdf .
The html version does not include the names of those who died )
Amnesty International 's 2004 Summary on TASER Abuse ( Nov. 30 , 2004 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnl2004TASERreport.shtml
Overview of TASER Gun Usage
Electroshock Weapons ( TASER , Stun Guns , & Cattle Prods ) Explained ( Sep. 19 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/electroshockweaponswikipedia.shtml
The TASER : A Police Device for Torture and Death by Christopher Bollyn ( April 6 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/bollyntasertorturedevice09apr06.shtml
Web Sites & Blogs Reporting Articles & Statistics on TASER Gun Abuse
TASER of the Day ( http://taseroftheday.blogspot.com/)
This is a good blog site covering all aspects of TASER gun abuse including Australia , Canada , France New Zealand , the United Kingdom , and the USA .
Archives go back to September , 2007 .
Excited - Delirium.com ( http://excited-delirium.blogspot.com/)
Great site , tons of info and updated regularly .
Truth ....not Tasers ( http://truthnottasers.blogspot.com/)
Excellent Canadian site .
Web master lost her brother to police TASER assault .
Updated lists of victims in North America
CharlyDMiller ( http://www.charlydmiller.com/LIB07/2006TaserCollection.html)
Taser Watch ( http://taserwatch.newsvine.com/)
Tasered While Black ( http://taseredwhileblack.blogspot.com/)
No More Tasers ( http://nomoretasers.com/)
STAT - Stop Taser Abuse Today ( http://stoptasers.org/)
Half a Bubble ( off plumb ) ( http://half-a-bubble.com/)
It all goes here ( http://nateo.blogspot.com/)
National Police Misconduct Newsfeed Daily Recap
http://www.injusticeeverywhere.com/
Web sites and blogs devoted to reporting police misconduct and abuse nationwide .
Recent Articles on TASERS National Police Misconduct Newsfeed Daily Recap and Police National
National Police
Handcuffed 20 Yr. Old Florida Woman 's Life Reduced to Vegetable Thanks to TASER Happy , Overweight , Lazy Copopath ( Mar. 13 , 2012 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/daniellemaudsleylifedestroyed13mar2012.shtml
Police Integrity Lost : A Study of Law Enforcement Officers Arrested ( Jan. 31 , 2012 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/policeintegrityreport31jan12.shtml
TASERS & Those Who Approve of Their Use ( Nov. 11 , 2010 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/tasers11nov10.shtml
Juicers In Blue : Cops , Tasers And Steroids By J. Speer - Williams ( May 8 , 2010 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/copstasersandsteroids08may10.shtml
Davenport , Iowa Police and City Attorney 's Office Conspire to Cover -up Police Brutality ( Dec. 4 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/davenportpolicebrutality01dec09.shtml
Neutralizing a TASER Gun Assault ( Aug. 8 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/neutralizingtaserguns08aug09.shtml
British Police TASER - Murder Nothingham Man Curled on Ground " Resisting " Arrest ( June 17 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/britishcopstasermurder16jun09.shtml
Arizona Border Patrol & DPS
Thugs Deliver Checkpoint TASER Sermon to Young Pastor ( April 18 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/arizonabpthugsteachpastor18apr09.shtml
Despite 6.2 Million Lawsuit Award , Taser Use by Police to Expand ( June 13 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/tasertoexpand13jun08.shtml
The Fundamental Wrongness of Entrusting Police with TASER Guns ( June 11 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/taserabusebasicpremise27apr08.shtml
Three RCMP Thugs Triple Taser 82 Year Old Man in Hospital Bed ( May 30 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/canadainrcmptaser82yearoldinhospitalbed09may08.shtml
Police No Longer Serve and Protect the Public ( May 4 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/soldiersofevil23feb08.shtml
Colorado SWAT Team Invades Home , Brutalizes Family ( Jan. 11 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/coloradoswatinvasiontakeschild10jan08.shtml
How to Cancel the Effects of TASER Guns ( Dec. 16 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/cancelingtasers11dec07.shtml
America In Crisis - Increasing Police Violence ( Dec. 3 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/policeincreasingviolence02dec07.shtml
Another ' Non-Lethal ' TASER Killing in Florida ( Dec. 1 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/floridataserdeath03nov07.shtml
Jacksonville Police : Man Dies After Being Tasered During Struggle ( Nov. 19 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/jacksonvilletaserdeath19nov07.shtml
68 - Year - Old Disabled Man Tasered Over " Parking Dispute " ( Nov 18 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/kelownaRCMPtaserseniorcitizen07nov07.shtml
Chicago Police TASER 82 Year Old Grandma After Forced Entry for " Wellness " Check ( Nov. 10 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/chicagocopstaser82yearoldwoman06nov07.shtml
American Cop Seriously Injured in TASER Demo for Brits ( Oct. 23 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amerciancopinjuredtaserdemo11oct07.shtml
Wake Forest Taser Study Ignores the Elephant in the Room , 294 Dead and Counting ( Oct. 23 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/wakeforeststudy18oct07.shtml
Epidemic Of Police Brutality & Harassment Sweeps America & UK ( Oct. 18 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/epidemicpolicebrutality18oct07.shtml
UK Police Now Authroized to Use TASERS Against Children ( Sep. 20 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/UKchildrenapprovedtotaser02sep07.shtml
Orange County Sheriffs Taser Autistic Boy 15 ( Sep. 19 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/deputiestaser15yearold19sep07.shtml
' Embarrassed ' UF President Reins In Campus Taser Cops with Paid Vacations ( Sep. 19 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/UFpressaddlescampuscopswithpaidvacations19sep07.shtml
FL Student Arrested & Tazed for Confronting Kerry with Tough Questions ( Sep. 19 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/studentTaseredforKerryquestion18sep07.shtml
Police as Brownshirts : The Torture & Execution of Fouad Kaady ( May 22 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/fouadkaadybirthdaymemorial07jan07.shtml
Amnesty International Renews Call for Independent TASER Review ( Jan. 8 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/amnestyintnltaserafetyreview08jan07.shtml
UCLA Student Repeatedly Tasered in Library ( Nov. 19 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/tasinguclastudent19nov06.shtml
The Taser Voltage Toll ( Oct 11 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/gormantasertoltagetoll11oct06.shtml
Kansas Man Killed by Police Tasers , Family Claim Cover - Up ( Sep. 9 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/kansasmankilledwithtasers03sep06.shtml
The TASER : A Police Device for Torture and Death by Christopher Bollyn ( April 6 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/bollyntasertorturedevice09apr06.shtml
Tasers Are Coming to a Campus Near You ( March 29 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/gormantasersinschool29mar06.shtml
Florida Senate Bill Proposes Ban on Police Tasering of School Children ( Jan. 24 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/tasersfloridachildren24jan06.shtml
Shot 25 Times with TASER Gun , Texas Motorist Dies ( Dec. 21 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/gorman25tasertimes21dec05.shtml
Burning Questions in Texas Architect 's Death ( Nov. 16 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/gormanburningquestions16nov05.shtml
Lynntech Develops The Latest in TASER Torture ( Aug. 15 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/lateststungunlunacy15aug05.shtml
105 Americans Killed by Police TASERS Within First Quarter of 2005 ( June 27 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/tasertorture23jun05.shtml
Ohio Police Use TASER
On 82 - Year - Old Man ( June 23 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/policetaser82yearoldman23jun05.shtml
TASERS , Torture and Death in the Police State By John G. Tarsikes , Jr ( Jan. 15 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/taserstorturepolice22dec04.shtml
TASERS Pose Potentially Lethal Danger to Heart , Doctor Warns ( Jan. 10 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/taserslethal10jan05.shtml
Seattle Post Intelligencer Special Report : TASERS
Under fire
http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/specials/tasers/
Archived Articles on TASER Abuse March 2004 - May 2005
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/archivedarticlesmar2004tomay2005.shtml
Articles on Excessive Police Force & SWAT Team Killings
Florida SWAT Goons Kill 46 Year Old Homeowner - Over Nothing ( June 15 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/pnt/floridaswatgoonskillhomeowner15jun08.shtml
Comments
Subject : Police Taser
From : yourarestupid@dbadg.com
Date : Thu , June 2 , 2011 4:21 pm
To : Ken Adachi
Be a police officer for a day .
Let someone point a gun at you and see if you would shot or talk to them ... do you want to risk them shooting you ?
Lets think about it ... If someone is going to attack you why should a police officer engage in a brawl when they can simply tase them and it is over .
Your claims are unproven and taken out of context ... you are allowing a few miss happens represent all of police .
If an individual is druged up and dies after being tased that is not the fault of the officer or the taser .
The most important thing is officer and public saftey .
It a dope boy or criminal gets tased it is 5 seconds of pain with no after effect with the exceptions , they fall on an object , hit there head , or die to the amount of drugs in their system ... either of these is better than an officer or an innicident person being hurt .
It is ingorance , like in your article , that harms America today .
[ unsigned ]
***
Dear " yourarestupid " ,
Phew ... I simply can't imagine someone throwing around the word ignorance and " innicident person " in the same sentence .
It 's not really necessary to compose a rebuttal to your letter , since you 've already done it for me , but I 'll add a few thoughts to what you 've already made plain .
For starters , you lack the recognition that a cop ( which I assume you are ) , is being paid by taxpayers in order to serve and protect ; not to brutalize and bully .
Your obvious insensitivity to the value of human life , and the rights of citizens to be treated with humaneness and a sense of fair proportion in terms of police response , is not even on the radar screen for you .
The first statement you make is " Let someone point a gun at you " yada , yada .
But the reality is that among the tens of thousands of people who routinely get tasered by police in this country ( some of them dying and some of them left with permanent neurological damage , and ALL of them with psychological damage ) almost NONE of them were holding a gun .
If fact , if they were holding a gun , the police would n't be taking out their TASER guns , because they would have already shot the guy -- multiple times -- with the gun that has bullets in it .
You know that .
I know that .
And everyone reading this knows that .
" Lets think about it "
That 's a hot one .
" Thinking " is the last thing that America 's modern NWO Robo Cop does .
Unthinking and unjustified over - reaction is what we get far too often from police who have no sense of proportion ; and no recognition of the freedoms guaranteed to citizens under the US Constitution .
If all we were dealing with were a few " miss happens , " no one would be complaining .
The reason that you find so many articles , stories , documentaries , videos , web sites and organizations devoted to addressing the issue of police brutality is because the problem has reached epidemic proportions ; and no end in sight .
It 's not hard to see what 's taken place here .
Today , police recruits are mostly chosen from the ranks of ex-military with combat experience .
The same desensitization to suffering , dehumanization , and psyche indifference training that they received in the military continues at the police academy and the many federally funded " security enhancement " training weekends they get from federal agencies like the FBI and DHS .
The citizens of Everytown , America have become the " enemy " for a growing army of NWO Robo Cops .
Mr. Joe Blow is viewed with suspicion and a sort of casual disdain , which is why many cops privately refer to the public as " sheep . "
The citizen is someone to be spoken to with a sort of phony veneer of civility by repeatedly using the word " sir " , but usually winds up being treated like an indentured slave - or worse .
It 's no problem " proving " my claims of police brutality because the newspapers are filled with the mega-million dollar lawsuit settlements that are paid each year - - borne by the taxpaying public of course -- to the families of victims of police brutality due to over - reaction , misconduct , or criminal intent .
If the cops themselves who were responsible for the brutality , had to pay the settlement , police brutality would stop overnight .
Police thugs or police murderers never pay a price , execpt in a few highly politicized cases like the BART cop who shot a handcuffed man .
Only the local taxpayer and the victim pay the price for police brutality .
" The most important thing is officer and public saftey . "
I saved this one to the end .
You 're not concerned about public " saftey " my cowardly friend .
And you never have been , at least not in modern times .
I remember how cops behaved in the 1950s and 60's .
They acted like human beings then .
They saw themselves as a member of the SAME public they strove to protect , and they proved it with their conduct .
The modern American Robo cop is something else .
Cops who abuse the very citizens whom they were sworn to protect will themselves gather their own just rewards and pay a price , whether I write about it or not .
It 's called karma and you can't get away from it .
Ken Adachi .
***
Subject : Good article
From : Dave
Date : Fri , June 1 , 2007
To : Editor
I read your article , " Sanctioned torture ... " about the use of TASER weapons by police , and I agree entirely that the overuse of such weapons betrays an overtly authoritarian militarization of police tactics .
I understand this metamorphasis because I was on active duty for eight years in the USAF , and I knew many security police personnel .
Though most were competent , and were able to reign - in their lust for authority , a few could not suppress their urge to lord what limited power they had over the populations of military members .
( Barney Fife was an excellent parody of these types .
The usual Security Police candidate flunked out of Mess Kit Repair School )
Their moronic displays of hyper - enforcement usually resulted in their embarrassment , and grudging apologies toward their prey .
People like that should not be allowed to perform police - type duties outside the perimeter fence , much less inside the fence .
And yet , municiple governments have created a hiring environment which emphasizes military - police experience as a pre-requisite of work history .
Once a " Barney " is loosed upon the civilian population , the perimeter fence has effectively been extended around civilian territory .
This same environment has been created in the FAA , DoD civilian agencies , Homeland Security agencies , airlines , and government contracting firms .
It is as pervasive as it is inevitable .
Military authoritarian morons gravitate to civilian authoritarian positions like a duck to water .
Unfortunately for us fish , these predators perceive no difference between their military small ponds , and large civilian sanctuaries .
Dave
***
© Copyright 2005 - 2008 Educate -Yourself.org
All Rights Reserved .
If you 're too immersed in the modern age to work with paper maps and human interaction , try www.tripplanner.mta.info or www.hopstop.com for MapQuest - like help .
Both are surprisingly functional on BlackBerrys and Treos , though Trip Planner is New York - only and requires fewer clicks .
Check for notices about service changes and get a second ( human ) opinion .
MetroCard math
Here 's the basic rundown : Official price is $ 2 a trip , but if you buy five , the sixth is free , effectively cutting the price to $ 1.67 a trip .
( Multiple riders can swipe the same card . )
Compare that with the individual unlimited passes — the one - day for $ 7 , worth it if you 're going to take at least five trips before 3 a .m. the next morning , and the $ 24 seven - day pass , if you 're sure you 're taking at least 15 trips .
Dirt and noise
The subway has been around since 1904 , so expecting it to be as clean and quiet as Washington 's or even Mexico City 's is unreasonable .
( Mr. Guerrero , are you listening ? )
That 's not grime you 're seeing , it 's historical charm .
And those creatures scurrying down the tracks are , um , underground squirrels .
As for the screeching cars , how else can you tell the train is coming ?
A computerized announcement ?
Flashing lights ?
So unromantic .
Safety
No one will fault you if you want to take a cab back to the hotel at 3 a.m .
But you do n't have to .
Around 3 a.m. , the Manhattan trains can be so jammed with late - night revelers ( and a few jealous bakery workers ) that you 'll feel silly for even having worried about your safety .
Two incentives to take a cab late at night : trains are less frequent , and should you fall asleep on the way , the cabby will wake you up at your destination ; subway cleaners will wake you up at 4:30 a.m. — in the Far Rockaway section of Queens .
The heat In summer , stations can be a tad stuffy .
Some prefer the terms “ stifling , ” or “ living inferno . ”
One possible solution : come back in the winter .
Another : buy cold water from the underground newspaper vendors ( it looks as if they would n't have a refrigerator back there , but nearly all do ) .
Once you realize those people are stuck there all day , it 's harder to feel sorry for yourself .
The wait Sure , but a taxi does n't provide entertainment .
Check out the crazy fingernails on that woman .
Is that guy really playing the theme from “ Happy Days ” on his sitar ?
Who'd have thought there 'd be so much legit artwork ?
And a special for science lovers : understand how anthill traffic works by observing the teeming underground corridors of the Times Square stop , where miraculously people never bump into one another .
Bearing the noise
There are five kinds : a )
The rumbling that says the train is coming ; b ) the honking that indicates a train is bypassing the station ; c ) the cursing that follows ; d ) the unimportant , clearly enunciated announcements ( “ thank you for riding New York City transit ” ) ; and e ) the vitally important incomprehensible announcements ( blah - blah - will - be - skipping - blah - blah - now - running - express - blah - blah - shuttle - bus ) .
Solutions : bring earplugs , and ask for help .
Finding a restroom Good luck .
The Assistance Association for Political Prisoners ( Burma ) , also known as AAPP , is a non-profit human rights organization based in Mae Sot , Thailand .
AAPP was founded in 2000 by former political prisoners living in exile on the Thai / Burma border .
Since then , the organization has been run by former political prisoners , with two offices being opened inside Burma in 2012 , one in Rangoon and the other in Mandalay .
AAPP advocates and lobbies for the release of remaining political prisoners and for the improvement of the lives of political prisoners after their release .
The various assistance programs for political prisoners and their family members are aimed at ensuring they have access to education , vocational trainings , mental health counseling and healthcare .
By Daniel Schweimler
BBC News , Buenos Aires
Mrs Kirchner has promised to follow the broad policies of her husband
It was a result that had been anticipated since campaigning began several months ago and many in Argentina , where voting is obligatory , were simply going through the motions .
The opposition was fragmented , splitting the anti-Kirchner vote .
As the results came in , it became clear that Cristina Kirchner was well ahead and would avoid the need for a second round next month .
Addressing supporters at her campaign headquarters in a hotel in Buenos Aires , she said the victory margin was the largest since Argentina returned to democracy in 1983 after military rule .
Disorganised vote
Mrs Kirchner thanked her husband Nestor , who she will replace as president before being drowned out by the cheering crowd .
Elisa Carrio , who she beat into a distant second place , was not exactly magnanimous in defeat , saying the election had not been transparent .
Other defeated candidates echoed her view .
Her supporters began celebrating soon after the polls closed
Political analyst , Felipe Noguera , said the vote was one of the most disorganised in recent Argentine history .
It was always a struggle to keep Argentines interested in an election where the result appeared to be a foregone conclusion .
The electoral authorities could not find sufficient volunteers to work in the polling stations and many opened late .
There were large queues of voters and the stations were kept open for an extra hour to allow everyone the chance to cast their ballots .
Three Argentines died while waiting to vote .
Fragile economy
The results may be known but many unanswered questions remain .
Nestor Kirchner has still not explained why he decided to stand down and nominate his wife as his successor .
And he has still not said what he will do when he hands the presidential sash to his wife in December .
While Mr and Mrs Kirchner share many ideas , they have very different styles and she might be more willing to enter into dialogue with opponents , says analyst Felipe Noguera .
Nestor Kirchner is a rather dour man , working behind the scenes to build alliances .
She is more flamboyant , a fiery speaker who some say has adopted the style of the original strongwoman of Argentine politics , Evita Peron .
Cristina 's victory across the country was convincing but she did not do well among middle - class voters in the big cities - Buenos Aires , Cordoba and Rosario .
They are the ones worried about the threat of rising inflation and a fragile economy .
They are the ones who were hit hardest when the Argentine economy collapsed six years ago .
Mrs Kirchner has promised to battle poverty and unemployment
Thousands lost their savings , there were riots and the shanty - towns grew .
They simply did not believe government assurances that the economy was doing well and inflation was under control .
Winning their confidence will be one of Cristina Kirchner 's major challenges .
In her victory speech , she urged the whole society to work together without rancour and hatred .
A country , she said , could not be built by a government alone .
She promised a battle without respite against poverty and unemployment .
Despite annual growth rates of 8 % , poverty and unemployment are still major problems .
During her campaign , she travelled widely , most notably to the United States , a country with which Nestor Kirchner has rather icy relations .
She has met Hillary Clinton who she no doubt hopes will join the growing number of women in top jobs in the Americas , along with President Michelle Bachelet in Chile and several women in senior government posts in Ecuador and Bolivia .
Most analysts do not expect great changes in policy when Cristina takes over from Nestor .
He , they say , will probably still be exerting his influence from behind the scenes .
But no - one is quite sure since there was so little discussion of policy during the campaign .
The major candidates did not hold a debate and Mrs Kirchner gave just a couple of interviews to the media just a few days before the election .
Her style will certainly be very different to her husband's .
But exactly what she has planned for the future of Argentina remains something of a mystery .
On the other hand , Dr. Wicklund has little use for requirements like 24 - hour waiting periods , or for assertions like those of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , who said in a recent Supreme Court decision on abortion that the government had an interest in protecting women from their own decisions in the matter .
“ It ’s so incredibly insulting , ” Dr. Wicklund said in the interview .
“ The 24 - hour waiting period implies that women do n’t think about it on their own and have to have the government forcing it on them .
To me a lot of the abortion restrictions are about control of women , about power , and it ’s insulting . ”
Dr. Wicklund said she would put more credence in opponents of abortion rights if they did more to help women prevent unwanted pregnancies .
Instead , she said , many of the protesters she encounters “ are against birth control , period . ”
That is unfortunate , she said , because her clinic experience confirms studies showing that emphasizing abstinence rather than contraception may cause girls to delay their first sexual experience for a few months , but “ when they do have intercourse they are much less likely to protect themselves with birth control or a condom . ”
According to the Guttmacher Institute , about a quarter of pregnancies in the United States end in abortion .
Dr. Wicklund says that is why she believes far more people favor abortion rights than are willing to admit it in polls .
For example , she said in the interview , an abortion ban that seemed to have wide support in South Dakota was put to a vote and “ when people got behind those curtains and nobody was watching it was overwhelmingly defeated .
Unfortunately , people are not willing to say what they really think . ”
One of these people might be a woman she recognized as one of the protesters who regularly appeared , shouting , outside a clinic where she worked .
Only now the woman was in the waiting room , desperate to end an unwanted pregnancy .
Dr. Wicklund performed the procedure .
And then there is Dr. Wicklund ’s maternal grandmother , a woman she was afraid would disapprove of her work .
But it turned out that she had a story of her own .
“ When I was 16 years old , my best friend got pregnant , ” is how the story began .
Her friend turned to her and her sister for help .
They did the only thing they could think of — putting “ something long and sharp ‘ up there , ’ ” according to the book .
The girl bled to death , and the cause of her death was kept secret .
“ I know exactly what kind of work you do , ” the grandmother told Dr. Wicklund , “ and it is a good thing . ”
One question Dr. Wicklund hears “ all the time , ” she said , is how she can focus on abortion rather than on something more rewarding , like delivering babies .
Have your say
What do you think of the companies on this year 's list ?
Should Google be No. 1 ? What should MBAs look for in an employer ?
How much should new MBAs be paid ?
Tell us what you think » Most popular with women Company % who put in top 5 Google 20.25 % McKinsey & Company 16.19 % The Boston Consulting Group 12.56 %
See the rest Most popular with men Company % who put in top 5 McKinsey & Company 22.28 % Google 21.46 % Goldman Sachs 19.78 %
See the rest Best - paying fields
In which industries do MBA candidates think they 'll be best - compensated ?
Industry Expected salary ,
first job after graduation Venture capital $ 107,919 Metals $ 102,000 Management consulting $ 101,404
See the rest How we pick the 100 Top MBA Employers
Think of it as a popularity contest for companies :
Every year research firm Universum ranks the most desirable employers in the world , based on where MBA candidates say they 'd most like to work .... ( more )
今月 の15 日 で Creative Commons が5周年を迎えるが、大体それに間に合った感じである。
この本は WIRED VISION で是非取り上げたいところだが、果たしてその時間が捻出できるか……
本書の内容とは関係ない話だが、以前宴席で山形浩生氏と一緒になると（といっても二三度だが）、誰かから「ところで柏木さんはお元気ですか？」という質問が必ず聞かれたのを思い出した。VERSION
2.0 では訳者は山形さん単独クレジットになっている。
柏木さんはお元気されているのだろうか。
The release of new data from the HVTN 502 HIV vaccine study
Statement of Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , director , National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
The new analyses revealed today from the STEP HIV vaccine clinical trial are both disappointing and puzzling .
At this time , the data offer no clear explanations as to why the vaccine showed no measurable efficacy or why among individuals with background immunity to the adenovirus vector , there were more HIV infections in the vaccinees as compared to those in the placebo group .
Analyses of the STEP data are continuing , and it will take some time before we fully understand these results .
NIAID and its study partners , Merck & Co. , Inc. , and the HIV Vaccine Trials Network ( HVTN ) , fully recognize the importance of these results to the volunteers who participated in the study and the larger scientific community .
We are committed to working together to better understand the data from this study , and disclosing new findings as they become available .
Certainly , the failure of this HIV vaccine product was unexpected .
But this setback should not and can not diminish our commitment to developing an effective HIV vaccine .
Every day , another 12,000 people become infected with HIV , most of whom live in resource - poor countries .
Approximately , 40 million people are currently living with HIV infection , and more than 25 million people with AIDS have died .
Last year alone , an estimated 4.3 million new HIV infections occurred worldwide .
Historically , vaccines have been the most effective weapon against infectious diseases , such as polio , measles , mumps and smallpox .
The goal of developing a safe and effective HIV vaccine is a key goal of HIV research today .
However , the complex and unique nature of HIV has presented a formidable challenge to developing an effective vaccine .
In the absence of an HIV vaccine , there are proven methods for preventing HIV transmission that we , as a global community , must implement on a wider scale .
These methods include HIV / AIDS education and behavior modification ; condom usage to prevent sexual HIV transmission ; medically supervised adult male circumcision in appropriate settings ; needle exchange programs to curb bloodborne HIV transmission among injection drug users ; and the use of antiretroviral drugs in HIV - infected pregnant women to prevent mother - to - child HIV transmission .
Although none of these interventions is completely effective on its own , when used in combination they can have a significant impact on HIV prevention .
Less than 20 percent of the world ’s population currently has access to proven HIV prevention services , but this figure is growing with the efforts of programs such as the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , and many others .
In addition to existing HIV prevention tools , we must create new , evidence - based approaches to HIV prevention , such as topical anti-HIV gels or creams that could be applied prior to sexual intercourse ; preventive regimens of antiretroviral medications ; and , especially , a vaccine .
A setback in a given clinical trial is no reason to lessen our commitment to tackling the scientific challenges inherent in this field of research .
What we learn from the STEP study will inform ongoing and future HIV vaccine research .
We must regroup and recommit ourselves to developing an HIV vaccine and other new prevention weapons while providing proven HIV prevention tools to those who need them .
In the global fight against the HIV / AIDS pandemic , every prevention tool is of paramount importance .
A screen shows Internet services available through an broadband - connected TiVo digital video recorder at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Nevada , in this file photo from January 5 , 2006 .
TiVo Inc. on Tuesday said many of its customers can now order pay - per- view movies and television shows from Amazon.com 's download service directly from their TV , without a personal computer .
REUTERS / Steve Marcus
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - TiVo Inc. on Tuesday said many of its customers can now order pay - per- view movies and television shows from Amazon.com ’s download service directly from their TV , without a personal computer .
TiVo upgraded the “ Amazon Unbox on TiVo ” service to allow customers with high - speed Internet connections to select one of about 10,000 movies , shows or other video , using the TiVo remote control .
The programs , priced on average at about $ 4 for a movie rental and about $ 2 for a television show , will be viewable after it downloads to the TiVo set - top box .
Amazon and TiVo first announced the service in February , and at that time required users to select the video on a PC .
For TiVo , Unbox adds another feature that differentiates its video - recording technology from generic digital video recorders offered by cable and satellite providers .
The service comes as media and technology companies seek new ways to court viewers who split their time between viewing traditional media , surfing the Internet and playing video games .
By going directly to the TV , Amazon ’s TiVo partnership takes downloads a step further than online video stores like those of Wal - Mart Stores Inc. and Apple Inc. , which are geared toward PCs or portable devices .
PR
データ復旧国内大手のワイ・イー・データが、ハードディスクなどを修理する「ラボ」を新設した。埼玉県入間市の本社のワンフロアをラボとして全面改良。面積を954平方メートルと従来の2.5倍とした。データ復旧の年間処理件数はおおよそ5000件。年率20％で案件は増えているという。現在、データ復旧を実際に行う技術者は12人。
ワイ・イー・データに舞い込んでくるハードディスク（HDD）故障の案件は、そのほとんどが物理障害。その中では、経年劣化や温度によるドライブ、ドライブ内部の記録メディアのひずみが一番多く、4割を占める。ほかには、流体軸受けのシャフトと軸受けがくっついてしまったり、衝撃による破壊、ヘッドの経年劣化などがある。ワイ・イー・データでは案件全体の約8割でデータの吸い出しに成功しているという。案件1件の平均単価は22万円で、一般ユーザーよりも企業からの依頼が圧倒的に多い。また、最近ではHDDだけでなく、フラッシュメモリーの案件も徐々に増えている。
「 クリーンルームは必ずしも有効ではない」
今回の新しいラボではいわゆる「クリーンルーム」を廃止した。クリーンルームとは、ちりやほこりが入り込まない環境のこと。その代わり、「クリーンベンチ」と呼ばれる大きな透明のボックスを用意。そのボックスに技術者が手を入れて処理するようにした。「データ復旧のような精密な作業ではクリーンルームというと響きはいいが、必ずしも有効ではない」（ワイ・イー・データのオントラック事業部事業部長の沼田理氏）ためだ。
これまでワイ・イー・データでは、クリーンルームとクリーンベンチの両方を採用していた。クリーンベンチではHDDを実際に分解する作業を行う。その後、修理したHDDをクリーンルームに持ち込み、テストを実施していた。クリーンルームを廃止したのは2つのデメリットがあるためだ。一つは移動することのデメリット、もう一つは部屋の広さから来るデメリットだ。
1つ目はクリーンベンチからクリーンルームへ移動する際のリスクだ。クリーンベンチで作業を行った後、人間がそれを手に持ち、クリーンルームへと移動する。移動の際に、ちりやほこりが入り込む危険がある。「衛生面において一番汚いのは人間。その人間がいるスペースを通ってクリーンルームへ運ぶ方が問題がある」（沼田氏）
では、クリーンルームの中ですべての作業を行えばよいのではないかと思うが、沼田氏はそうではない、という。その理由がクリーンルームを廃止した2つ目の理由にもなる。クリーンルームは、その名の通り部屋になっている。ワイ・イー・データではクリーンルームをクラス100（0.0005mm以上の浮遊物質の数が1立方フィート当たり100個以下；注）にしていた。「部屋が広いだけにクラス100を保つのが大変だった。その大変さを取ってでもクリーンルームの必要性があれば別だが、そうではなかった」（沼田氏）。
故障したHDDを分解し、磁性体が削られていた場合、そのちりが外に出てくる。クリーンルームでその作業を行うと、一瞬にして部屋の清潔度は落ち、清掃をしなくてはいけない状態になる。一方、クリーンベンチであれば広さのリスクは減らせる。スペースが狭いため、清潔度が落ちてもまた元に戻すのはクリーンルームに比べると圧倒的に楽だからだ。クリーンベンチ内は、風速0.45メートル／秒で27立方メートル／分の風量が常時循環しており、約1.7秒で内部の空気全体が入れ替わる環境になっている。粉じんなどで汚染されたHDDを取り扱う場合、クリーンルームのような容積の大きな環境より、より短時間で清浄な環境に戻すことができる。そのため、「移動のリスクや広さのリスクを最小限に抑えるためにはクリーンベンチですべての作業を行うこと、という結論にたどり着いた」（沼田氏）。
ただし、クリーンベンチで処理するのは全体の4割以下。「なるべくHDDを分解しないで処理するのが基本。やたらめったら開けるのは技術力がない証拠。サーバー10数台の依頼を受けても実際に中を開けるのは1～2台だ」（沼田氏）。分解することでリスクが増えるので、できるだけ分解しないで処理するのだという。
3年後には処理能力を20％から30％向上
新設したラボは、今後さらに増強する計画だ。クリーンベンチは2007年5月現在6台設置。クラス100とクラス10（0.0005mm以上の浮遊物質の数が1立方フィート当たり10個以下）で運用している。今後はこれをクラス10のクリーンベンチに統一していく。2007年6月には12台、今後1～2年以内に24台にまで増やす予定だ。クリーンベンチでの作業量は、最大1.5人で6つのクリーンベンチで作業ができる。デバイスの数は12個まで同時進行できるという。
同社は新設ラボの処理能力 を「3年後には20％から30％向上させたい」（沼田部長）としている。
（注） クリーンルームの規格は複数ある 。ISO で定義している規格のほか、各国独自の規格もある。ワイ・イー・データが採用しているのは米国の規格。
ラボに持ち込まれた機器がストックされている。1日平均20個の機器が運ばれてくる 外付けHDDやNASなど扱う機器はさまざま。案件のうちHDDとフラッシュメモリーの割合は8対2だという
テープも年間十数件持ち込まれるという。取材したこの日も到着したばかりのテープが1つあった
機器には一つ一つバーコードを貼り、データベースに登録。機器がどういう状態なのかをこの時点で判断し、イメージファイルを作成するか、すぐクリーンベンチで修理するかを決める
イメージファイルを作成する作業。どのセクターでどういったエラーが起きているかのエラーチェックもする
イメージファイルやエラー情報はすべてサーバーにアップロードする
イメージファイルを作成すると同時に、耳で音のチェックをする。この時点で異常音がすれば、すぐにクリーンベンチへ回す
HDDの置き方や向きによっても吸い出せるイメージに違いが出てくる。そのため、場合によっては写真のように傾きを調整してイメージファイルを作成する
クリーンベンチの容積は約0.76立方メートル
中に手を入れ、ピンセットなどを使いヘッド交換やディスクの取り替えを行う。手を入れるすき間は空気の循環のために必要なものだという
イメージファイルを取り出し、処理を行う。ファイル構造と実際のデータとのリンクを確認したり、バイナリーデータの修復を行う。1人当たり最大10台近くの機器を同時に処理できる
吸い出したデータをCD-RやDVD-R、外付けHDDなどに書き込む
A few days after her not - quite - oust - Olmert push , Yariv Reicher , a consultant , told me : “ I ’ll take her as my lawyer or friend , but to lead here you have to have something hard to describe , something Sharon and Begin and Rabin had , something from the innermost person that gives you hope , an answer to your pain .
She needs to speak from her guts . ”
But it did take guts for Livni to tell her boss he should quit .
Rows between Israeli prime ministers and foreign ministers are nothing new : each vies to control the Washington relationship , the one that counts .
But Olmert - Livni represents a new level of poison .
When Sharon had his crippling stroke last year , both she and Olmert were in position to take over the Kadima leadership .
Livni stepped aside — and was rewarded , she feels , with contempt .
Livni ’s testimony to the Winograd Commission amounts to a portrait of humiliation .
Requests for meetings with Olmert at critical moments in the war are refused ; she is told to “ calm down ” when she does see him ; she is forced to watch the prime minister chat to the chief of staff as she is talking ; and she is long frustrated in her quest for a diplomatic outcome .
“ The situation is very sensitive , ” she told me when I asked about Olmert during our first meeting , adding that in the end “ it is not about me and the prime minister but the crisis in our society . ”
What she had said “ was exactly what I wanted to say , no regrets .
I chose the words .
I know that people want blood .
That ’s nice , but .
. . . ”
Resilience tends to pay in Israeli politics .
Netanyahu has bounced back at the head of Likud , and even Ehud Barak , the former prime minister who fell from grace after his peace efforts collapsed , has returned as Labor leader and defense minister .
Many saw a rite of passage in Livni ’s grilling by the media .
Her rise had been too smooth ; this painful episode would toughen her .
“ Of course she will come back , ” says Igal Galai , the friend of Sharon ’s who watched her emergence .
“ Right now in Israel , I do n’t see anyone better . ”
Doubts persist over the future of Kadima , bereft of its creator , Sharon , and beset by corruption .
But Livni says that she still believes in the neophyte party .
She did not leave Likud to follow Sharon , she insists .
She left “ because there is a need to promote a peace process ” and Likud is a party “ whose ideology starts with the word ‘ no . ’ ” Israelis are questing for new hope .
Whether Netanyahu ’s Likud or Barak ’s Labor can provide that is open to question : both speak of yesterday .
Dita Kohl - Roman has watched her friend ’s evolution closely .
Livni used to shut off any conversation about becoming prime minister , but the Lebanon war was a turning point .
Such crises pose the question , Can you take this — do you want the job enough ?
“ And a few months later we sat in a Tel Aviv coffee shop , ” Kohl - Roman told me , “ and she said she was ready to run for prime minister and that she had gone through an inner process and was prepared . ”
She says she believes that to win Livni “ must get over her uptightness , go through a process of loosening .
And then I hope our society can encompass someone who represents something so good and decent as our leader . ”
Livni can rise above her inner constraints .
In a speech in 2005 that riveted the nation on the 10th anniversary of Rabin ’s death , she declared : “ I did not elect or choose Rabin , but he was elected to be the Israeli prime minister , the prime minister of my country .
. . .
Law , ladies and gentlemen , is not a technical issue .
It is the full expression of a precious system .
Specifically , in a time when Israel is fighting for its existence , we cannot allow ourselves to forget the aim , the common denominator and the shared values that are all the meaning of the existence of Israel : a national homeland for the Jewish people , a Jewish and democratic state .
These two values are connected to each other .
This is the thing that connects us with each other . ”
The " brown cloud " is pollution from burning wood and fossil fuels
US researchers used unmanned aircraft to measure the effects of the " brown clouds " on the surrounding area .
Writing in Nature , they said the tiny particles increased the solar heating of the lower atmosphere by about 50 % .
The warming could be enough to explain the retreat of glaciers in the Himalayas , the scientists proposed .
The clouds contain a mixture of light absorbing aerosols and light scattering aerosols , which cause the atmosphere to warm and the surface of the Earth to cool .
The main sources of the pollutants came from wood burning and fossil fuels , the team added .
The unmanned aircraft flew 18 missions through the " brown cloud "
Aerosols , also known as particulates , cool the land or sea below because they filter out light from the Sun .
While this process , known as " global dimming " , is fairly well understood , the effect aerosols have on the surrounding atmosphere is still unclear .
The scientists , from the University of California San Diego and the Nasa Langley Research Center , said there remained a degree of uncertainty because , until now , estimates had largely been derived from computer models .
Solar heating
For their study , the team of researchers used three unmanned aircraft , fitted with miniaturised instruments that were able to measure aerosol concentrations , soot amounts and the flow of energy from the Sun .
The crafts flew over the polluted region of the Indian Ocean at varying heights between 500 m ( 1,640 ft ) and 3,000 m ( 9,840ft ) .
" During 18 flight missions , the three unmanned aerial vehicles were flown with a separation of tens of metres or less and less than 10 seconds ( apart ) , which made it possible to measure the atmospheric solar heating rates directly , " they wrote .
" We found that atmospheric brown clouds enhanced lower atmospheric solar heating by about 50 % .
" [ The pollution ] contributes as much as the recent increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gases to regional lower atmospheric warming trends , " they suggested .
" We propose that the combined warming trend of 0.25 Kelvin per decade may be sufficient to account for the observed retreat of the Himalayan glaciers . "
Seasonal glacier and snow melt from the mountain range feeds rivers that supplies water to about 40 % of the world 's population .
The United Nations Environment Programme ( Unep ) , in its latest Snow and Ice Outlook report , said the ice sheets in the region could retreat by up to 81 % by the end of the century .
A little while back someone said to me that blogging is a “ man ’s game ” , and with people like John Chow , Darren Rowse and many other guys sitting in the upper echelons of blogging celebrity , at first I had to agree with her .
I told her that the sex of the blogger had nothing to do with how successful or unsuccessful a blogger might be .
I then made it my mission to compile a list of some absolutely amazing women in blogging .
Some of the following ladies blog for themselves , others blog for a network , and a few even run their own blog network .
All in all , there are some amazingly talented women making their mark on the blogosphere .
While I may have numbered all of the following amazing ladies , this list is not in any order .
1. ) Gina Trapani
As managing editor of Lifehacker , Gina Trapani , is an inspiration to me .
Lifehacker is a Gawker Media blog on productivity and lifestyle tips and tricks .
She also writes on her own blog at GinaTrapani.com .
Her writing has appeared in such publications as WIRED and Popular Science .
2. ) Arianna Huffington
Arianna is a published author , and the co-founder and editor of the Huffington Post , a well known political blog .
The Huffington Post is said to be well financed , and is currently one of the top ten blogs in the world according to Technorati .
3. ) Mena Trott
Mena Trott is the Co-Founder and President of Six Apart , a well known company responsible for MovableType , TypePad , and Vox .
She has been involved in blogging since early 2001 , and regularly speaks at conferences .
She currently writes a blog on Six Apart ’s company site called Mena ’s Corner .
4. ) Heather Armstrong
Best known for being fired from her job for the things she wrote on her blog , Heather has become a celebrity online .
The term “ dooced ” , named after her blog Dooce.com , now means to be fired for blogging and has continued to permeate the blogosphere .
Heather continues to write honestly , and exposes deeply personal facets of her lifestyle .
Heather has been so influential that many blogs created after have definitely been inspired by her design and writing style .
5. ) Shai Coggins
Shai Coggins is the Vice President and co-owner of one of the largest blog networks , b5 media .
She is also a talented blogger in her own right , as well as a published author , podcaster , with a Masters Degree in Applied Psychology .
She keeps up her own blog ShaiCoggins.com , as well as writing in a variety of other places .
6. ) Elizabeth Spiers
Elizabeth Spiers was the founding editor of Gawker.com , a very interesting , and well known New York gossip blog .
She was well known for her style of writing , and has been copied by many other bloggers hoping to see similar success with snarkiness , a little profanity , and tons of enthusiasm .
Every time she works on a blog , it becomes huge online .
7. ) Lisa Sugar
Co-founder of Sugar Publishing , Lisa Sugar is growing more well known online as time progresses .
In April of 2006 , she helped start the PopSugar , one of the biggest celebrity gossip sites that is the flagship site of the blog network .
8. ) Ana Marie Cox
Ana Marie Cox was the founding editor of Wonkette , the popular Washington D.C. political gossip blog .
She was also an editor at Suck.com , and has written for Time magazine .
She had a witty and sarcastic style , and was well known for it .
She was Wonkette .
9. ) Wendy Piersall
Wendy Piersall is the founder and CEO of eMoms at Home , a blog network that bills itself as the internet home business magazine for moms and dads .
The site is written by parents & entrepreneurs , for parents & entrepreneurs , and includes 7 content channels by 10 experienced authors .
She is also a great speaker , and has worked exceptionally hard to build her network out from its smaller beginnings , into a very noticeable presence .
10 . ) Amber MacArthur
Amber MacArthur has done it all , from blogging , to video blogging , to working on technology shows , and involving herself in many conferences .
She currently works for CityTV in Canada , while also producing a video podcast series CommandN .
Her youthfulness , passion and excitement draw a crowd around her , and she ’s not just a pretty face , understanding the in ’s and out ’s of technology , the web , and video much better than anyone I know .
11 . ) Molly E. Holzschlag
Molly E. Holzschlag , wrote her own blurb better than I ever could .
She is a well - known Web standards advocate , instructor , and author .
She is Group Lead for the Web Standards Project ( WaSP ) and an invited expert to the HTML and GEO working groups at the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
She is an amazing web designer and blogger .
Her blog is a testament to that .
Heck , a recent post has her talking to Bill Gates about Internet Explorer 8 .
12 . ) Veerle Pieters
Veerle Pieters lives in Belgium , the country my wife was born in , but that is n’t what makes her special .
The fact that she is the CEO of Duoh , a design company that has seen her work on Netvibes , Google ’s Blogger , among other amazing sites really sets her apart .
Her blog covers design , coding , web standards , and is just amazing .
Her personality stands out in her design and her writing .
13 . ) Sarah Perez
Sarah Perez is n’t widely known for her day job , an I.T. Engineer , but instead for her amazing technology related blog .
Her writing is concise and interesting , and she always seems to be on top of the pulse of the industry .
Her site reminds me of a less sensational TechCrunch , mixed with Engadget .
Always a good read , and definitely worthy of a spot on this list .
14 . ) Lorelle VanFossen
Lorelle VanFossen and I work together on the Blog Herald , but its her own blog on WordPress.com ’s hosted solution that draws in her astounding audience .
She continually keeps everyone in the loop about what is going on with the popular WordPress blogging tools , and gives tips , tricks and advice to further your blog .
What does she ask in return ?
Not a thing .
15 . ) Liz Strauss
Liz Strauss must have named her blog Successful Blog to remind her of her own successes .
A talented blogger , and a great friend Liz is an amazing resource and communicator , both on and off her blog .
She continually doles out awards to bloggers that she considers Successful and Outstanding , calling them S.O.B.’s .
She also opens up her comments area for conversation with her open mic night posts .
Liz knows all about creating powerful friendships online .
Conclusion
I know I have barely even scraped the surface of all the wonderful talent expressed in the blogosphere coming from the mind , heart and spirt of a woman .
If you know of any amazing women in blogging that I have missed , please feel free to add them to the comments .
If you are someone I missed , I want want to apologize now , as I could n’t add everyone to the list , and again , this is by no means a comprehensive list .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin Former Miss Alaska Contestant
has multiple claims to fame .
She is Alaska 's first female governor and currently enjoys an unheard of 84 % approval rating by her constituency .
She is also the youngest governor at age 42 and very attractive .
Governor Palin took office just one year ago in December 2006 .
Her husband Todd is a commercial fisherman and they have four children .
The oldest son is in the Army .
The family lives 40 miles from Anchorage .
Palin was a high school standout basketball player .
She played point guard and helped her team to win the State basketball championship in 1982 .
Two years later she won the title of Miss Wasilla , and went on to compete in the Miss Alaska pageant .
She did n't win the crown but did earn the Miss Congeniality title .
She went on to earn a degree in journalism from the University of Idaho .
She served two terms on the Wasilla City Council and two terms as Mayor of Wasilla , the fastest growing city in Alaska .
She made a bid for Lt. Governor in 2002 but lost that election .
She has earned a reputation of being a bit of a maverick because of accusations she has made against some fellow Republicans for ethics issues .
Some members of the media used Palin 's attractiveness to spin their coverage of her run for governor .
She was elected to office in November 2006 .
In July 2007 , Sarah Palin was heralded by the national media as the most popular governor in the United States .
She eats moose burgers and rides snowmobiles and is a lifetime member of the National Rifle Association .
Most important of all , the residents of Alaska believe in her ability to lead .
Palin has a bright future and is young enough to be able to set her sights as high as she likes .
We 'll be watching this woman and will be anticipating even greater things in her future .
Check out photo gallery below .
FORTY -FOUR years ago today , a clothing company owner named Abraham Zapruder filmed the assassination of John F. Kennedy in Dallas .
And for 44 years , most people have presumed that his home movie captured the assassination in its entirety .
This presumption has led to deep misunderstandings .
The majority of witnesses in Dealey Plaza heard three shots fired .
Lawmen found three cartridges in Lee Harvey Oswald ’s nest on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository .
Yet Zapruder ’s film captured only two shots clearly .
As a result , the film has been scoured for evidence of another shot , presumably the first one fired at the president .
Research has yielded contradictory findings .
But what if Zapruder simply had n’t turned on his camera in time ?
Zapruder ’s 26 - second movie has two distinct parts .
Approximately seven seconds after he started filming from the north side of Elm Street , Zapruder stopped his Bell & Howell Zoomatic at frame 132 because only Dallas police motorcycles were driving by .
He did not restart his camera until the president ’s limousine was clearly in view .
Consequently , Z 133 is the first frame to actually show the president ’s Lincoln — a frame exposed several seconds after the car had made the sharp turn onto Elm Street from Houston Street — and , we believe , after Oswald had squeezed off his first shot .
Several witnesses saw a man firing from the sixth floor .
No one ’s recollection about the first shot was more precise , though , than that of a ninth grader named Amos L. Euins .
He told the Dallas County sheriff , “ About the time the car got near the black and white sign , I heard a shot . ”
As the above photograph from a December 1963 restaging shows , the president ’s limousine would have passed a black and white sign before Zapruder restarted his camera ( the ghost image here approximates the location of the Lincoln at the moment Zapruder started filming again ) .
Mr Saraswati was allegedly attacked by a mob
One person was killed and more than 25 injured in the violence in the Kandhamal area on Tuesday , police said .
Christians said it was sparked by Hindus objecting to a performance they were staging to celebrate Christmas .
But a Hindu group said it began when Christians tried to attack a local Hindu leader on Monday , Christmas Eve .
It said a group of people surrounded the vehicle carrying Swami Laxamananda Saraswati as he was on his way to the area .
He was taken to hospital but was not seriously hurt .
Now ' under control '
However it started , the violence appeared to culminate in the attacks on churches on Christmas Day .
Christians were chased out of several churches - in many case just mud huts with thatched roofs - before they were set alight , officials said .
One person was reported killed in the violence , but it was unclear whether that was a Hindu or a Christian .
Hundreds of police were deployed following the violence , which had largely died down by Wednesday , a local government official said .
" The situation is tense but under control , " said BB Mishra , a state inspector - general of police .
Orissa , which is mainly Hindu and has a tiny Christian minority , has seen violence between the two communities in the past .
The state has a law obliging people to ask for police permission before changing religion - thought to be a measure aimed at Christian missionaries .
Hindus have accused Christian groups of forcing low - caste people to convert .
Christians say they often convert willingly because of their treatment as outcasts .
When the CIA destroyed those prisoner interrogation videotapes , was it also destroying the truth about 9/11 ?
After all , according to the 9/11 Commission Report , the basic narrative of what happened on that day — and the definition of the enemy in this war on terror that George W. Bush launched in response to the tragedy — comes from the CIA ’s account of what those prisoners told their torturers .
The commission was never allowed to interview the prisoners , or speak with those who did , and was instead forced to rely on what the CIA was willing to relay .
On the matter of the existence of the tapes , we know the CIA lied , not only to the 9/11 Commission but to Congress as well .
Given that the Bush administration has for six years refused those prisoners any sort of public legal exposure , why should we believe what we ’ve been told about what may turn out to be the most important transformative event in our nation ’s history ?
On the basis of what the CIA claimed the tortured prisoners said , President Bush launched a “ Global War on Terrorism ” ( GWOT ) , an endless war that threatens to bankrupt our society both financially and morally .
How important to the 9/11 Commission Report were those “ key witnesses ” ?
Check out the disclaimer on Page 146 about the commission ’s sourcing of the main elements laid out in its narrative :
Chapters 5 and 7 rely heavily on information obtained from captured al Qaeda members .
…
Assessing the truth of statements by these witnesses … is challenging .
Our access to them has been limited to the review of intelligence reports based on communications received from the locations where the actual interrogation took place .
We submitted questions for use in the interrogations , but had no control over whether , when , or how questions of particular interest would be asked .
Nor were we allowed to talk to the interrogators so that we could better judge the credibility of the detainees and clarify ambiguities in the reporting .
We were told that our requests might disrupt the sensitive interrogation process .
Videos were made of those “ sensitive ” interrogations , which were accurately described as “ torture ” by one of the agents involved , John Kiriakou , in an interview with ABC News .
Yet when the 9/11 Commission and federal judges specifically asked for such tapes , they were destroyed by the CIA , which then denied their existence .
Of course our president claims he knew nothing about this whitewash , and he may be speaking the truth , since plausible deniability seems to be the defining leadership style of our commander in chief .
But what about those congressional leaders who were briefed on the torture program as early as 2002 ?
That includes Democrats such as Nancy Pelosi , who has specialized in heartfelt speeches condemning torturers in faraway places like China .
Pelosi press aide Brendan Daly told me that The Washington Post report on her CIA briefing was “ overblown ” because Pelosi , then the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , thought the techniques described , which the CIA insists included waterboarding , were merely planned and not yet in use .
Pelosi claimed that “ several months later ” her successor as the ranking Democrat , Jane Harman , D - Calif. , was advised that the techniques “ had in fact been employed . ”
Harman wrote a classified letter to the CIA in protest , and Pelosi “ concurred . ”
Neither went public with her concerns .
Harman told The Washington Post , “ I was briefed , but the information was closely held to just the Gang of Four .
I was not free to disclose anything . ”
The “ Gang of Four ” is an insider reference to the top members of the House and Senate intelligence committees and not to the thugs who ran Mao ’s China during the Cultural Revolution .
Not only did the congressional Gang of Four fail to inform the public about the use of torture by our government , but it also kept the 9/11 Commission in the dark .
Pelosi testified before the commission on May 22 , 2003 , but uttered not a word of caution about the methods used .
However , more than two years later , on Nov. 16 , 2005 , Pelosi stated correctly that on the basis of her “ many years on the intelligence committee , ” she knew that “ [ t ] he quality of intelligence that is collected by torture is … uncorroborated and it is worthless . ”
Having admired Pelosi for decades , I hope I am missing something here .
If she and the others in the know have another version of these events it ’s time to come clean .
As matters now stand , they not only concealed torture but , more significantly , they abetted the waterboarding of our democracy .
US auto workers shut down General Motors
the editorial board
25 September 2007
This statement is posted in pdf format .
We urge WSWS readers and auto workers to download and distribute it as widely as possible .
Seventy three thousand General Motors workers struck the largest US auto company Monday , shutting down all 82 facilities in a struggle to defend their most basic conditions — health care , jobs and wages .
As workers poured out of the plants after the 11 a.m. strike deadline announced late Sunday night by the United Auto Workers union leadership , the mood of militant determination and anger over years of attacks by GM management was evident .
It was clear that the workers — notwithstanding their mistrust of the union leadership — took pride and satisfaction in demonstrating their solidarity and the power of the industrial working class .
The GM strike — the first national auto contract strike in 31 years and the first at General Motors since the 67 - day strike in 1970 — is indicative of a growing mood of resistance not only among auto workers , but among working people in the US and around the world .
The struggles of US auto workers have historically set a precedent for all workers in the US .
In the 1950s and 1960s , auto workers won the first fully paid medical benefits for industrial workers and retirees in the US .
Over the last three decades , however , Detroit ’s Big Three automakers have spearheaded the drive to drastically lower the living standards of workers and boost the profits and income America ’s wealthiest one percent .
The strike puts to rest all talk about the end of the class struggle in the US .
Its effectiveness — shutting production down in all domestic GM plants and halting supplies to GM plants in Canada and Mexico — demonstrates the basic truth that workers produce society ’s wealth , not corporate CEOs and hedge fund investors .
It is necessary , however , to issue a blunt warning .
No confidence can be placed in the bureaucracy that runs the UAW to conduct the type of struggle required to beat back GM ’s demands for historic concessions .
If the conduct of the strike is left in the hands of the union officials , it will end in yet another betrayal .
This must not be allowed to happen .
At stake are the hard - won benefits of hundreds of thousands of retired workers and the jobs and living standards of 180,000 active UAW workers , as well as the next generation of workers at the Big Three auto companies .
The lessons of three decades of betrayals at the hands of the UAW bureaucracy need to be drawn , beginning with the necessity for rank - and - file workers to organize their own strike committees independently of the union leadership .
The militant mood of the workers stood in the starkest contrast to the cowardice and prostration that pervaded the remarks of UAW President Ron Gettelfinger at a press conference held shortly after the beginning of the strike .
Gettelfinger expressed his disappointment with having to call a strike that “ nobody wanted . ”
He said the union had done everything it could to help GM and read off a list of recent give - backs , from the elimination of guaranteed annual wage increases , to the imposition of billions of dollars in health care concessions on retirees , to collaborating with GM on its restructuring plans that eliminated 34,000 UAW jobs .
“ We ’re very concerned about this company .
We ’ve done a lot of things for them .
But it comes a time when somebody wants to push you off a cliff , and that ’s what is happening here . ”
He concluded by making clear — for the benefit of Wall Street — that the union had already done a deal to relieve the company of its contractual and legal responsibility to provide health care benefits to more than 400,000 retired workers and their dependents .
“ This strike is not about the VEBA , ” he insisted , referring to the setting up of a Voluntary Employees ’ Beneficiary Association that will allow the auto companies to dump their retiree health care obligations by setting up a multi-billion - dollar trust fund controlled by the union .
He added that the union would immediately resume talks “ to wrap up this strike , and these negotiations . ”
The essence of Gettelfinger ’s remarks was a plea for the company to agree to token “ job security ” provisions , in return for the union ’s historical sellout on retiree health benefits , which the UAW could use to sell the contract to an angry and skeptical union membership .
So - called “ job security ” provisions have been a staple in Big Three ( GM , Ford and Chrysler ) contracts for nearly thirty years , in the course of which UAW jobs have plummeted from 750,000 to 180,000 , with 100,000 of those jobs wiped out within the past four years .
At GM , union jobs have declined since the 1970 strike from nearly half a million to the 73,000 remaining today .
Those who remain on the job have seen their working conditions deteriorate and their wages stagnate — rising at an annual rate of just 1.5 percent above inflation since 1992 .
At the same time auto executives have enriched themselves , with GM Chief Executive Officer Rick Wagoner pulling in $ 10.2 million in total compensation last year .
The union ’s announcement of a strike deadline , nine days after the official contract expiration , seemed to take the media by surprise .
Union officials had let it be known — despite a blackout on negotiations that left the workers entirely in the dark — that they had no intention of calling a strike .
It appears that the UAW shifted course out of desperation , caught between the ruthless intransigence of the company , which has no intention of halting its downsizing and outsourcing and is set on imposing a two - tier wage system , and the signs of growing restlessness and anger among the workers .
For the workers , the strike is the beginning of a long - delayed struggle to halt and reverse the decimation of jobs , wages , working conditions and benefits .
For the UAW , it is a maneuver , designed to cover its collaboration with management and restore a measure of credibility with the workers , while letting off some steam before it completes yet another capitulation .
In the current negotiations , the UAW is once again conspiring behind the backs of its members in order to defend the interests of the small army of highly paid bureaucrats who control the union .
The union and management have already agreed to the VEBA scheme , which will turn over tens of billions of dollars into a union - controlled trust fund .
This will transform the UAW from a bureaucratic ally of the companies into a profit - making business in its own right , whose interests are directly antagonistic to those of the workers it nominally represents .
If it gets its hands on what would be one of the largest investment funds in the US — making it , in the words of the Wall Street Journal , “ a significant player in financial circles ” — the UAW will be directly responsible for covering any shortfalls by cutting benefits to retirees and imposing further concessions on active workers .
Despite UAW President Gettelfinger ’s claims that “ retirees have nothing to worry about , ” the VEBA agreed to by the UAW at the heavy machinery company , Caterpillar , ran out of cash , forcing retirees and their dependents to pay skyrocketing co-pays and premiums to maintain their medical coverage .
The union then came back and helped impose a 50 percent wage cut for new hiresto replenish the exhausted fund .
Workers should emphatically reject the claims endlessly repeated by GM , echoed by industry “ experts ” and promoted by the media , that the resources do not exist to provide decent wages , job security , health care and pensions .
The vast increases in the productivity of labor — driven by advances in science and technology such as robotics , computerization and satellite communications — and the global integration of auto manufacturing have vastly increased the wealth produced by the workers ’ labor .
The real issue is this :
Is the wealth produced by labor to be used to benefit the working class — the vast majority of the population — and society as a whole , or will it continue to be monopolized by money - mad big investors , speculators and CEOs , whose greed is matched only by their incompetence ?
To an immense extent , the crisis of the US auto companies has been exacerbated by the socially destructive and manic self - enrichment of the bosses .
GM workers should reject the VEBA scheme and any concessions brought back by the UAW .
Negotiations must be taken out of the hands of the UAW bureaucracy by electing independent committees that will fight for demands decided democratically by the rank and file .
In addition committees of hourly and salaried workers should be organized — independently of the UAW — to extend the strike to Ford , Chrysler and the parts suppliers , and set up mass meetings and demonstrations as part of a broad campaign to win support for the GM workers .
This should be part of a campaign to unite all working and young people in the communities being targeted for plant closures and layoffs , and rally the working class across North America and internationally .
GM workers should appeal for solidarity action from their brothers and sisters in Canada , Mexico , Asia and Europe .
The answer to the employers ’ strategy of divide and conquer is not the nationalism and anti-foreign chauvinism peddled by the UAW , but rather the fight for the international unity and solidarity of workers of all countries .
The fight to defend jobs and living standards is not a struggle against only one employer , but rather a political struggle against the whole economic and political set - up in the US , which sacrifices the needs of working people to enrich a few at the top .
The Democratic Party , which pretends to be a party of the working man , is fully behind the attack by the Big Three automakers .
While the leading Democratic contenders for the 2008 presidential nomination — Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , John Edwards — issued perfunctory statements in support of GM workers , all of them are committed to defend the profit system , which is responsible for the attack on the jobs and livelihoods of workers and their families .
The only answer to the destruction of jobs and living standards is to transform GM and the entire auto industry into a public enterprise , democratically controlled by auto workers and the working population as a whole .
Workers have intricate knowledge of the industry ’s operations and , with the assistance of trained engineers and other professionals devoted to the common good , could run the industry far more efficiently than the bosses .
A successful struggle by the working class requires a complete break with the Democrats and the two - party system , and the construction of mass socialist party that puts the jobs and living standards of workers around the world before the profits and personal fortunes of the financial elites .
* * *
The World Socialist Web Site and the Socialist Equality Party urge GM workers to read the WSWS and send emails to the editorial board expressing your views , experiences and questions or opinions on our analysis of the strike .
One such group , Freedom 's Watch , which has ties to the White House , ran television ads in the Philadelphia market and others around the sixth anniversary of the attack — when Gen. David H. Petraeus was also delivering his report to Congress on the progress of the war — suggesting a connection between the war in Iraq and the terrorist attacks .
One of the ads features Laura Youngblood , 28 , from Sebastian , Fla . Mrs. Youngblood ’s uncle was a New York City firefighter killed on 9/11 and her husband was killed in Iraq .
The ad opens with photos of the two men .
Mrs. Youngblood is heard saying , “ I lost two family members to Al Qaeda , my uncle a fireman on 9/11 and my husband Travis in Iraq . ”
Mrs. Youngblood ’s own story includes a tour of duty as a Marine Corps medic .
Her husband Travis was also a Marine Corps medic and volunteered to go to Iraq while on shore duty in Illinois .
“ He said the terrorists have to be stopped and he would be one of the last men standing to make sure his family and his country were safe , ” Mrs. Youngblood said in an interview .
“ We ’re not in Iraq to fight Iraq , we ’re in Iraq to defeat terrorism . ”
One of the most striking poll findings is the number of people who continue to think Saddam Hussein was behind the Sept. 11 attacks .
Depending on how it is asked , more than a third of Americans say Saddam Hussein was personally involved in those attacks .
In a New York Times / CBS News Poll in September , 33 percent of the respondents said Saddam Hussein was “ personally ” involved .
In June , when Princeton Survey Research , polling for Newsweek , asked if “ Saddam Hussein ’s regime was directly involved in planning , financing or carrying out the terrorist attacks , ” 41 percent said yes .
There was a time , though , when a majority of Americans thought Saddam Hussein was involved in 9/11 .
In a Times / CBS News poll in April 2003 , just after the war began , 53 percent of Americans said Saddam Hussein was personally involved .
That wide perception did n’t last .
By September of that year , 43 percent said Saddam Hussein was involved .
The respondents in the Times / CBS News poll last month who said Saddam Hussein was personally involved in 9/11 were more likely to say getting involved in Iraq was the right thing to do — 59 percent compared with 31 percent .
These respondents were also more likely to see Iran as an immediate threat that cannot be contained .
XT
XT
HDD
CPUs
Thinkpad
LV
FSB
HDD
ULV
Mhz FSB
HDD
Lenovo
XT
HDD
ThinkSecret
mactard
Detox diets usually advise eating a lot of fruit
Dr Andrew Wadge , of the Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) , said regimes purporting to cleanse the body were " nonsense " .
The detox market - which can include diets , tablets and drinks said to flush out toxins - is thought to be worth tens of millions of pounds .
In his blog , Dr Wadge said water and exercise were enough to help the body rid itself of harmful chemicals .
The chief scientist of the government 's food watchdog wrote : " There 's a lot of nonsense talked about ' detoxing ' and most people seem to forget that we are born with a built - in detox mechanism .
First , drink a glass or two of water
Dr Andrew Wadge
" It 's called the liver .
So my advice would be to ditch the detox diets and supplements and buy yourself something nice with the money you 've saved . "
Detox - based diets , which are sometimes endorsed by celebrities , can include the use of tablets , socks , body wraps , diets , eating nettle root extract or drinking herbal infusions or " oxygenated " water in a bid to make natural procedures more effective .
Some products claim to enhance the immune system , relieve pain , flush out toxins and stimulate circulation .
But , urging people to save time and money , Dr Wadge advised : " First , drink a glass or two of water ( tap is fine , cheaper and more sustainable than bottled ) ; second , get a little exercise - maybe a walk in the park - and third , enjoy some nice home - cooked food . "
Fresh air
The gut prevents bacteria and many toxins from entering the body , he said , while the liver contributes to breaking down harmful chemicals which are then excreted by the kidneys .
Last year scientists from the Sense About Science organisation said detox was a waste of time , arguing that water , fresh air and sleep is all that is needed .
But , following those comments , high street chemist Boots , which has sold detox products , maintained that they have a role to play when combined with a healthy diet and exercise .
With the December 9th anniversary of the 1981 murder of Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner , emotions are running high here in the Philadelphia area and beyond .
And Mumia Abu - Jamal continues to sit in prison for the crime , which he maintains that he did not commit .
In 2001 , a U.S. District Court judge upheld Abu - Jamal 's conviction but questioned the original death sentence and ordered resentencing .
The case is currently under appeal .
Abu - Jamal 's supporters insist that he is innocent , that he was set up , and that racial bias and witness coercion had played a big part in an unfair trial .
They also point out that Faulkner was killed with a .44 caliber gun , while the gun that Abu - Jamal was licensed to carry as a nighttime taxi driver was a .38 caliber .
On the other side of the fence , supporters for the prosecution assert that Abu - Jamal is guilty without a doubt , and many continue to call for his execution .
An eye for an eye .
Pay for death with more death .
I do n't know whether Abu - Jamal is guilty or not .
But the best way to find out for certain is to ensure that the defendant receives a fair trial .
And , given all the doubts about the fairness of Abu - Jamal 's 1982 trial , I believe that a new trial is not too much to ask .
After all , another life hangs in the balance here .
Human rights watchdog Amnesty International agrees .
Back in 2000 , after an extensive investigation of the case , the organization issued a report that concluded the following :
" Amnesty International has determined that numerous aspects of this case clearly failed to meet minimum international standards safeguarding the fairness of legal proceedings .
Amnesty International therefore believes that the interests of justice would best be served by the granting of a new trial to Mumia Abu - Jamal .
The trial should fully comply with international standards of justice and should not allow for the reimposition of the death penalty .
The organization is also recommending that the retrial take place in a neutral venue , where the case has not polarized the public as it has in Philadelphia .
Finally , the authorities should permit prominent jurists from outside the USA to observe the proceedings , to ensure that the retrial complies in all respects with universally - recognized human rights safeguards . "
In the report , Amnesty International expressed concerns about judicial bias and hostility , police misconduct , and the apparent withholding of evidence from the jury .
My heart goes out to Officer Faulkner 's family .
It is always difficult , if not impossible , to find closure after losing a loved one , especially when that loved one was the victim of a violent death .
But true closure cannot be gained simply by executing Abu - Jamal .
That would be reckless revenge , not justice .
As long as the outstanding questions remain unanswered , there will continue to be reasonable doubt as to Abu - Jamal 's guilt .
As long as the outstanding questions remain unanswered , there is still a chance that Faulkner 's real killer is still at large .
As long as the outstanding questions remain unanswered , justice has not been served .
And , unfortunately , as long as the outstanding questions remain unanswered , true closure remains an impossible dream .
_______
About author Mary Shaw is a Philadelphia - based writer and activist , with a focus on politics , human rights , and social justice .
She is a former Philadelphia Area Coordinator for the Nobel - Prize - winning human rights group Amnesty International , and her views appear regularly in a variety of newspapers , magazines , and websites .
Note that the ideas expressed here are the author 's own , and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Amnesty International or any other organization with which she may be associated .
E-mail : mary@maryshawonline.com
If you thought phone companies were simply supposed to get you connected , think again .
Over the last several weeks we learned that the nation ’s two largest telecommunications firms want to get into the business of censorship as well — blocking the free flow of information over phones and the Internet .
We saw an unsettling example of just how bad this can get last week .
Verizon Wireless blocked text messages that national pro-choice group NARAL wanted to send to their members .
That they reversed the decision after the censorship was exposed should offer little comfort .
While they may have scrambled to fix one “ dusty policy ” and let these messages through , we can see in the details of this and other episodes a worrisome pattern of abuse .
And it ’s not just at Verizon .
Over the weekend , the technophiles at Slashdot exposed what many of us failed to read in the fine print of our AT&T customer agreements .
Censorship Is in the Details
Deep in its “ terms of service ” for high - speed services AT&T had buried this tidbit :
The phone company may “ immediately terminate or suspend all or a portion of your service … without notice , for conduct that AT&T believes … tends to damage the name or reputation of AT&T , or its parents , affiliates and subsidiaries . ”
We have since sifted the agreements of other access providers and found even more explicit language over at Verizon :
The company “ reserves the right and sole discretion to change , limit , terminate , modify at any time , temporarily or permanently cease to provide the Service or any part thereof to any user or group of users , without prior notice and for any reason or no reason . ”
You got that ?
You ’re Busted !
These multi-billion dollar network giants are telling their Internet and cell phone customers this :
If you want “ your world delivered , ” you better play nice with the phone companies .
That means no speaking out of turn against AT&T and Verizon ’s slow services , high prices or anti-competitive practices .
Speak out for Net Neutrality and you could find your self on the wrong side of the digital divide .
Losing an Internet connection would hit especially hard those millions of Americans in markets where the phone company is the only Internet service in town .
It gets weirder .
Listed among AT&T ’s “ prohibited activities ” are “ creating or attempts to utilize a domain or domain name that is defamatory , fraudulent , indecent , offensive , deceptive , threatening , abusive , harassing , or which damages the name or reputation of AT&T . ” [ my emphasis ]
This seems to take AT&T ’s content policing one further .
It is not enough that you can be disconnected for conduct that damages the reputation of AT&T , but you can lose your feed for simply visiting a Web site — or “ domain ” — that does the same .
Guess what ?
You ’re doing that right now .
Free Speech Everywhere
Perhaps you think we ’re making much out of nothing — that such fine print is created by lawyers to cover a company ’s but in rare , worst case scenarios .
Try thinking about it this way :
If a phone company ca n’t tell you what to say on a phone call , then it should n’t be able to tell you what to say in a text message , an e-mail , a blog or anywhere else .
Speech should be free wherever it occurs – on the Internet , over cell phones , on the streets – everywhere .
And it should be protected .
More and more of our communications occur in digital formats .
It ’s time Americans safeguarded free speech in this new media with the passion that we protect it in old .
A good place to start is with the two companies that control Internet and cell phone access for more than 120 million Americans .
My organization Free Press has called on Congress to convene hearings that address phone company censorship policies .
You can support this effort by writing your member of Congress and urging them to stand with the rest of us and investigate this abuse .
The biggest threat to free speech in America is public complacency .
We must have this discussion about our democratic rights while we still can .
Phone lobbyists exert immense power over both Democrats and Republicans in the halls of Washington .
As an alternative to opening their doors wide to AT&T and Verizon lobbyists , the least our elected officials could do for us is keep new communications open for everyone .
About Free Press
Free Press is a national nonpartisan organization working to increase informed public participation in crucial media policy debates , and to generate policies that will produce a more competitive and public interest - oriented media system with a strong nonprofit and noncommercial sector .
About Timothy Karr
Timothy Karr is Campaign Director at Free Press .
He manages both the SavetheInternet.com and StopBigMedia.com Coalition campaigns , in addition to his work on fake news and propaganda , and journalism in crisis .
Prior to Free Press ,
Tim served as executive director of MediaChannel.org and vice president of Globalvision New Media and the Globalvision News Network .
He has also worked extensively as an editor , reporter and photojournalist for the Associated Press , Time Inc. , New York Times and Australia Consolidated Press .
Related Stories
Sections
Topics
I know technology is leaving me behind .
Very soon indeed , my children may find me unfathomable .
I love my computer and my cell phone , but do n't ask me to text or game .
I do n't want to .
Until mere weeks ago , though , I was unperturbed by my status as a neo -Luddite .
Indeed , I was more likely to boast than be embarrassed , kind of pleased by the paucity of my skills .
Then Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos announced his Next Big Thing , and I found myself rather less sanguine .
It 's Book 2.0 – or as Bezos calls it , Kindle , Amazon 's new wireless , portable reading device .
The specs are impressive : Kindle uses cell - phone technology , without requiring a contract ; it weighs less than a paperback , but holds 200 books ; it 's wireless , so you can be on the couch trying to recall a great literary passage and , within seconds , be reading it again .
The owner of the planet 's biggest bookstore wrote on Amazon 's homepage that when he sits down to read the old - fashioned way , " the paper , glue , ink , and stitching that make up the book vanish , and what remains is the author 's world . "
" Our top design objective , " he goes on , " was for Kindle to disappear in your hands – to get out of the way – so that you can enjoy your reading . "
If this was n't Mr. Bezos talking , I 'd wonder if the speaker was , in fact , much of a reader .
Because here 's what Kindle is n't : a book .
Paper , glue , ink , stitching – these things do n't vanish .
The mind reels at the thought !
The physical structure of a book is an indissoluble part of the reading experience , as is the volume 's weight in your hands , or the fact that two pages face each other , your eyes on one , a thumb resting idly on the other .
Or bookstores !
Just open the door , and your eyes arrive at a veritable carnival of color and texture ; you pull one volume down because the font is beautiful , or hold another simply to feel the cover 's finish ; finally , you make a choice because as you stood in the aisle , barely noticing people squeezing past , you found yourself taken to a new reality , one which came wrapped in Adobe Garamond , or Fairfield , or any of the other lovely typefaces that give the letters of our language a structure and a heft and an artistry of their own .
The new book smell , the creak of a just - opened spine , the discovery of a train ticket used by the last person to read what you 're reading – only someone to whom these things are meaningless would think that Kindle , or anything like it , could replace the volumes on my shelves .
When produced and handled with love , books are , unto themselves , things of real beauty .
Heretofore , the technologies I 've rejected have n't offered me anything I need , or threatened anything I love .
They just point a finger at my " backward " status , and it has been easy to not care very much .
But wireless , portable reading devices ?
That just wo n't fly .
I know that Kindle is the future , and that , moreover , it 's a good future .
Electronic books wo n't require trees to die in production , or carbon to be outputted in transport .
When reading off a screen , you 'll never have to wrap Kleenex around a paper cut .
But I 'll buy real books until the last printing house shutters its gates .
And then I 'll close my door , settle in my chair , and start again , from the beginning .
• Emily L. Hauser is freelance writer living outside Chicago .
From Trash , He Delivers New Computers Voices :
Teen refurbishes outdated gear into new computers for families in need .
July 29 , 2007  -- Fifteen - year - old tech wiz Jacob Komar is making his mark by making a difference -- turning trash into working computers for needy families .
Jacob Komar :
By the time I was nine , I was tearing apart computers -- hardware , basically -- just going through and pulling parts out of other computers , putting them in newer computers and things like that .
I was at my sister 's elementary school and I found out that they were throwing away a whole lab of computers just because they were outdated .
First , I was like , " Well , wow , they 're throwing all these away , " like , you know , " This seems like a waste . "
And then I kind of thought about it and I was like , " Wow , well , there 's got to be kids that do n't have computers at home . " ...
Maybe I could take those computers and fix them up , whatever they need done to them , and then give them to kids at the school who could use them .
The first year , I refurbished about two computers a week .
... I remember one of the first houses I went to , I was pretty shy .
I was nine , you know , and going into someone 's house and set up their computer .
I remember the kid who was at the house was just absolutely so grateful .
The way he described it , it was like Santa Claus walked in the door , you know .
And he gave me one of his most prized possessions , a little juice box .
I still have it .
Since 2001 , Komar 's organization , " Computers for Communities , " has distributed more than 1,500 computers .
To find out more about it , go to the Web site for Computers for Communities
Nintendo may have spent years building a family - friendly reputation with bright colors , non-violent gameplay and clearly - evil - but - ultimately non-threatening big bads , but that does n’t mean that the occasional title did n’t contain a genuinely frightening scene or two .
In honor of the annual celebration of all things spooky , I thought I ’d take a look at what Nintendo - created images gave me a fright .
The Mad Piano
Situated rather innocently in the Big Boo ’s Haunt area of Super Mario 64 , the Mad Piano surely set a few gamers on edge .
There Mario would be , tiptoeing pasted this possessed Baby Grand when all of sudden it would spring into a clanging , fang - bearing fury that would make a horror movie director proud .
I can remember walking in the room with this unkillable monster , realizing I had tread too closely and too loudly and still getting a start when this thing lurched after me .
Easily the scariest part of this ghost - populated stage , which already included a merry - go - round complete with some of the best creepy - meets - carnival music I can remember .
The Shriek of the Redeads
Oh , poor Link .
Just barely emerged from his seven - year - sleep and so quickly confronted with a Hyrule town square with leathery zombies standing where jolly townspeople once were .
The Redeads should have given nightmares to the younger gamers who happened to play The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time and at least heebie - jeebies to those of us jaded by zombie flicks .
The worst part : Easily , the shrieking , which stopped Link dead in his tracks and still echoes in my head .
( Nintendo eventually gave us a revenge : smacking the hell out of Redeads in Super Smash Bros. Melee . )
All Hail Devil World
Okay , maybe not scary per se , but definitely worth mentioning on a list of Nintendo ’s spookier doings .
It is a little freaky to think about what could have led Nintendo developers to craft a Pac - Man clone in which a plucky dragon had to fight Satan himself … by navigating a shifting maze .
What kind of logic could have led developers to say “ You know what would be better than Power Pills ?
Crucifixes . ”
I suppose the upside of this single venture by Nintendo into the world of repurposed religious iconography is that we may soon see Devil World ’s characters outside of Japan with Old Scratch ’s inclusion in Super Smash Bros .
Brawl .
Then , I suppose , we ’ll be able to judge just how scary the Nintendo devil really is .
Ghost of the Angry Lizard
Take a step back and forget that this is Donkey Kong Country 2 and look at this for what it is :
Two children — simian children , but children nonetheless — riding the world ’s worst most dangerous roller coaster though a haunted house and being pursued by spectral pirate lizards .
Just compute that for a second , and note that that is one freaky ghost lizard .
The Warped Mind of Giygas
My all - time scariest Nintendo moment , however , would have to be the climactic final boss battle in Earthbound , in which Ness and company must tackle the alien invader Giygas .
A recluse throughout most of the game — although that just might have been him in the black bikini at the zombie circus in Threed —
Giygas finally shows his face at the end .
And what a face it is : less the funny bobble - headed aliens you might expect from a Nintendo game , Giygas has this slowly warping , hideous demon face that even his mother could n’t love .
Worse yet : Series creator Shigesato Itoi based Goygas ’s dialogue ( “ It hurts … It hurts … ” ) from a childhood incident in which he walked into a rape scene in an adult film .
Now that ’s scary .
Creepy Mimi’s Transformation
Since most of my picks skewed toward older titles , I figured I ’d include a scene from Super Paper Mario that struck me as considerably more freaky than most Nintendo fare : Mimi ’s transformation from the cute little minx to the considerably more disturbing spider form .
And this ai n’t no puff - of - smoke costume change .
Her head spins around , Exorcist - style , arachnid legs sprout out of her body , and her former torso hangs loosely from the bottom of her gross new head .
Really , Nintendo ?
Yikes .
Needless to say it , I loved it every time she transformed .
The Zora Mask Takes Over Link ’s Face
Speaking of transformations , I ’m hard - pressed to imagine a single scarier image from a Nintendo game than Link ’s monstrous change into his aqua - friendly form when he puts the Zora Mask on in The Legend of Zelda : Majora ’s Mask .
I know turning into Zora Link does not end all that badly for link — in fact , he gets superpowers and a guitar — and I know that the Zora are not genuinely evil people .
Nonetheless , this one image , with Link ’s face seemingly merging with the stereotypical gray - faced alien , sticks out in my mind .
The Squishy Innards of the Metroid
A preface :
So I was a sensitive child , a little high - strung and a little easily spooked .
I ’m choosing this last entry in this list to admit that when my six - year - old self first played Metroid and actually got to the part that features the actual Metroid enemies , they scared the crap out of me .
Something about having my head jammed into their jellyfish insides and letting them sap out my life energies was so scary to me that I actually had nightmares that I was being pursued by the Metroids — lacking Samus ’s space armor all the while .
I ’ve yet to play the GameCube and Wii-era Metroid games , I suspect in part because I ’m genuinely terrified that the realistically depicted Metroids might look a little too much like the ones in my head .
Totally a personal one , I know , but a genuine Nintendo fright fest , for me , at least .
That ’s as deep as I could dig .
I ’m sure I missed some good ones , and look forward to hearing from you all just how far I missed the mark .
Happy Halloween .
Drew also writes about pop-culture minutiae on his blog , Back of the Cereal Box .
Tom Dommett wrote in to share his positive experience with pair programming :
The idea is two developers work on the same machine .
Both have keyboard and mouse .
At any given time one is driver and the other navigator .
The roles switch either every hour , or whenever really .
The driver codes , the navigator is reading , checking , spell - checking and sanity testing the code , whilst thinking through problems and where to go next .
If the driver hits a problem , there are two people to find a solution , and one of the two usually has a good idea .
Other advantages include the fact that where two people have differing specialities , these skills are transferred .
Ad - hoc training occurs as one person shows the other some tricks , nice workarounds , etcetera .
The end result is that both developers are fully aware of the code , how it works , and why it was done that way .
Chances are the code is better than one developer working alone , as there was somebody watching .
It 's less likely to contain bugs and hacks and things that cause maintenance problems later .
In a bigger team , the pairing can change each week so each team member is partnered with somebody different .
This is a huge advantage , as it gets developers talking and communicating ideas in the common language of code .
We found this to be as fast as working separately .
The code got written quicker and did n't require revisiting .
And when it did need to change , more than one person was familiar with the code .
It 's an encouraging result .
I applaud anything that gets teams to communicate better .
I 'm intrigued by the idea of pair programming , but I 've never personally lived the pair programming lifestyle .
I do , however , enjoy working closely with other developers .
Whenever I sit down to work side by side with a fellow developer , I always absorb a few of their tricks and techniques .
It 's a fast track learning experience for both participants .
But I 've only done this in small doses .
I 'm a little wary of spending a full eight hours working this way .
I suspect this might be fatiguing in larger doses , unless you 're very fortunate in your choice of pairing partner .
I 've written about the efficacy of code reviews before .
That is something I have personal experience with ; I can vouch for the value of code reviews without reservation .
I can't help wondering if pair programming is nothing more than code review on steroids .
Not that one is a substitute for the other -- you could certainly do both -- but I suspect that many of the benefits of pair programming could be realized through solid peer review practices .
But code reviews are n't a panacea , either , as Marty Fried pointed out :
My experience with code reviews has been a mixed bag .
One of the problems seems to be that nobody wants to spend the time to really understand new code that does anything non-trivial , so the feedback is usually very general .
But later , when someone is working on the code to either add functionality or fix bugs , they usually have lots of feedback ( sometimes involving large hammers ) , but then it may be too late to be effective ; the programmer may not even be around .
I think it might be useful to have one anyway , but it's hard to get a fellow progammer to tell his boss that another programmer did a bad job .
The advantage of pair programming is its gripping immediacy : it is impossible to ignore the reviewer when he or she is sitting right next to you .
Most people will passively opt out if given the choice .
With pair programming , that 's not possible .
Each half of the pair has to understand the code , right then and there , as it 's being written .
Pairing may be invasive , but it can also force a level of communication that you 'd otherwise never achieve .
On the other hand , peer review scales a heck of a lot better than stacking physical bodies in the same area .
Consider the experiences of Macadamian with code review while working on the WINE project :
There were two processes in the WINE project that we were n't used to : public peer reviews , where new code and patches were distributed in a mailing list to everyone involved in the project ; and single committer , where the project leader had the final say over which patches were accepted into the source tree .
We soon found out that Alexandre Julliard , who has been the maintainer of WINE and one of the key developers since 1994 , was very particular about code going into the source tree .
Our team 's patches were scrutinized , and when some were rejected , there was a lot of grumbling .
" My code works , who does this guy think he is ?
We 're on a deadline here ! "
But as the project progressed , we realized we were producing our best code ever .
Producing clean , well - designed code that was admitted into the source tree at first pass soon became a matter of pride .
We also found that , despite the fact that the project was huge and spread worldwide , we knew exactly how the whole project was progressing since we saw every patch on the mailing list .
We now conduct code reviews on every project , and on larger projects , we set up an internal mailing list and designate a single committer .
It may be painful to set up code review at your company , and there may be some grumbling , but you will see big improvements in the quality and maintainability of your code .
I think both techniques are clearly a net good , although they each have their particular pros and cons .
I encourage people who have experience with both pair programming and code reviews to share their experiences in the comments .
Is one more effective than the other ?
Should we do both ?
In the end , I do n't think it 's a matter of picking one over the other so much as ensuring you have more than one pair of eyes looking at the code you 've written , however you choose to do it .
When your code is reviewed by another human being -- whether that person is sitting right next to you , or thousands of miles away -- you will produce better software .
That I can guarantee .
Across the city , delis and bodegas are a familiar and vital part of the streetscape , modest places where customers can pick up necessities , a container of milk , a can of soup , a loaf of bread .
Amid the goods found in the stores , there is one thing that many owners and employees say they cannot do without : their cats .
And it goes beyond cuddly companionship .
These cats are workers , tireless and enthusiastic hunters of unwanted vermin , and they typically do a far better job than exterminators and poisons .
When a bodega cat is on the prowl , workers say , rats and mice vanish .
That is the case at a narrow corner store in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , where a gray long - haired tabby named Halloween goes on regular patrols when she is not lounging on a plaid bed tucked behind dusty rows of Schweppes ginger ale and empty cardboard boxes .
“ In the morning she is lazy , it is her nap time , ” said Urszula Jawor , 49 , the deli ’s manager , a Polish immigrant who smiled with motherly pride at Halloween , adding that the cat was named for the day she wandered in off the street and claimed the Bedford Avenue store as her home .
Photo : Joshua Wildman
What were your hopes and fears before you got married ?
P : I still do n’t feel like I ’m married .
I still feel like I ’m dating my wife , which is wonderful .
I knew that I would marry her the moment that I met her .
I realize that must sound incredibly trite , but it was n’t “ Oh , my God , I ’ve had a premonition of a white wedding , ” but as I was driving away from our first date , I remember thinking I could see myself , eight or ten years from now , hanging out with that girl .
With the other girls I ’d dated , after about a year I was always worried that the girl would be thinking of getting engaged , but with her there was no fear .
I never had any worries about , “ Oh , this is the only person that I ’m going to sleep with . ”
This despite the fact that we have an 11 - month - old daughter .
I know this all sounds pie in the sky !
I ’m not going to say she does n’t nag me — I mean , she nagged me when we were dating .
B : She was practicing .
CJC : I feel similarly , but I technically am still dating .
We ’re emotionally monogamous , but I still have a variety of dates and all that stuff —
B : You both sleep with other people ?
CJC : We both sleep with other girls .
B : Jesus Christ .
CJC : But I never had a preconceived notion of what married life would be because I grew up in an extremely unconventional way .
I did try two monogamous relationships in my twenties , but even then I knew that if I was ever going to be with a girl long - term , I was going to stray .
Lucky for me I met a girl who was amazing enough , strong enough , and secure enough in my love for her and her love for me that she could tolerate that sort of caddish behavior .
K : I had a long chat with my first ex-wife yesterday .
We were saying that prior to getting married , no one takes you aside and tells you anything .
Your friends and family do n’t warn you about anything .
You ’re on your own .
I was with my first wife for nine years , and she ’s an awesome girl and I think we had a lot that was ideal , but then monogamy started to become extremely hard for me .
I ’m not one to run around on the sly , or at least I was n’t , but once we had the talk about it , things went downhill .
There are so many things that you do n’t know at the outset .
One for me was that when you say “ forever , ” that means , like , you ’ll never fuck another woman again .
Now , I know that seems obvious , but that really is intense .
That ’s been the biggest difficulty for me .
My second marriage was open , perhaps too open .
Other problems come in when you try it that way .
But listen , I ’m twice married , twice divorced .
I am for marriage ; I want to be married .
But for me , it ’s hard on a sexual level to stay intense with one person .
Monogamy is a challenge for a lot of men , even if they ’re not talking about it .
We love strange .
B : I had to make a quick decision because my wife is European and her visa was about to expire and we did n’t have the luxury of kicking it around and figuring it out .
It was get married or break up .
The obvious choice for me was to propose .
P : Where ’s she from ?
B : Poland .
But I met her at an Irish bar in Paris and stole her away from an Iranian .
It was very international .
But this was just one of those things where the bureaucracy demanded that we make a decision , and I ’m actually really grateful , because knowing myself , if it did n’t , I ’d still be single , and she may have moved on and gotten sick of me .
M : My thing was sort of circumstantial , too .
My boyfriend did n’t have a place to live , we ’d been dating for three years , and I was like , “ It ’s been too long , just move in already .
It ’s stupid for you not to . ” I was sort of nervous ; I did n’t expect any specific thing to happen or whatever , but there was definitely this ominous feeling like , Moving in — this is it for me .
Then we had a small ceremony with friends earlier this year , nothing big or fancy or legal , obviously .
A small commitment .
We ’d both prepared some speeches , that was about it .
The general consensus was that it kinda sucks that we could n’t do anything official .
The ceremony sort of confirmed within me , Yeah , this is what this is .
I did n’t really fully appreciate everything until I was married for a good chunk of time , but now I ’m more jazzed than I was before .
Photo : Joshua Wildman
JC : I did n’t really think about marriage — in fact , at the two - month mark with the woman I married , I tried to break it off .
I ’d just gotten used to that 60 - day expiration thing , and I felt like , this is it , time to move on .
I tried to pull that on her when we were on a trip to London , and , well , she was n’t having that .
She was pissed , she got back to New York on the next flight , leaving me in London to think about it .
I definitely had fears , and they were all based around monogamy and could I pull it off ?
Before then , the longest I ’d been monogamous was just a few months .
And nine years later , so far , so good .
How many of you are not the main breadwinner ?
P : I ’m not .
My wife has a great job .
She earns three times what I do .
Do you find that emasculating ?
P : Are you kidding me ?
I ’m a musician and a composer , and when I met my wife she was getting divorced from her first husband , who was an artist .
Not a very good one , I do n’t mind telling you , immature , limp dick , could n’t give her a baby .
But be that as it may , my future wife said that she had no problem being married to an artist who made less money than she did , and I was like [ strokes chin ] , “ Really ? ”
CJC : Sugar mama .
P : Precisely !
So maybe I ’m not wired that way , but when I hear about this machismo type of neurosis like , “ Oh , who am I , my wife earns more than I do , ” well , I think that setup is fantastic .
Let ’s not kid ourselves — they are every bit if not more smart , accomplished , and capable than we are , and it ’s such an outdated mode of thinking .
In fact , if she did n’t make triple as much as I make , frankly , we ’d be fucked .
Breadwinners :
Do you thrive in that role ?
JC : I fantasize about quitting my job every day and having my wife go back to work .
In fact , it ’s been a big topic in our house over the past two weeks .
I would love to stay home with the kids .
I suppose the grass is always greener , and it ’s not as fun as it is in my mind .
My wife gets a little nuts staying home with them , taking them to school , preschool , gymnastics — but I have to say that the days I work from home are far more interesting to me than any work I ’m doing .
B : My wife likes making a home and then having me come back to it .
She ’s a natural mother , and she ’s very good at it .
I just had my second child three weeks ago .
I think that people underestimate just how much hard work raising kids is .
That kind of job should pay three - hundred grand a year .
I could n’t do it .
DW : Being the stay - at - home parent seems so crazy tedious to me .
I was on the subway the other day , and there were these three mothers from Park Slope .
P : Careful what you say : Park Slope is in the house .
DW : Listening to these women was driving me absolutely insane .
The only way that I could get through the ride was to visualize them as chickens .
This motherly cluck .
B : I know the type — they ’re even more annoying over e-mail .
They use too many exclamation points and send you twenty pictures of their kids with an apple .
DW : The monotony of that dialogue that goes on between mothers — my God .
B : My wife was telling me yesterday about this German woman she knows whose kid bit this other kid , and so the German woman apologizes to the other mother out of courtesy , and the American mother said that “ I think your son is troubled and needs therapy and you ’re doing something wrong and you ’re not a good parent . ”
It was just this crazy psychotic American parenting thing that I really hate .
CJC : Maybe the kid was an anti-Semite .
B : Maybe !
Both of them are 2 years old , by the way .
One time , another kid bit mine , and the mother e-mailed me apologizing .
I told her that it ’s okay and that I ’d never again send my son to school covered in savory spices .
It ’s easy to get caught up in the mommy stuff and go nuts .
Did your relationship , including your sex life , change a lot once you were married ?
JC : I do n’t think marriage changes it to anything like the extent that children do .
I mean , you ’re worn out , and you ’re more guarded because you do n’t want the kids to hear or see anything .
But marriage — not so much .
Photo : Joshua Wildman
M : It ’s pretty much the same .
The only difference that living together brought about was convenience .
P : I ’ve been in long relationships where for the last six months you feel like you ’re married and the sex is boring .
Familiarity breeds contempt — but not with my wife now , of course .
Do you still get and receive oral ?
P : Yeah .
Do n’t believe stand - up comedians .
That does n’t stop with the cutting of the cake .
B : I think a lot of that has to do with the sort of sex lives people had going into it .
Like my friend who does n’t want to have sex with his wife much and she ’s not that interested , and I can totally understand because I would n’t want to sleep with them either .
K : I have to say , having been married twice before , it can be good but something does get lost , a certain amount of heat .
You find yourselves running through some similar routines and you want a new flavor and I do n’t mean you , I suppose , I mean , well , me .
In both marriages , we had sex that was good to the end , but I found myself wanting more .
Nothing wrong with her or me —
B : A little something wrong with you , maybe .
K : Perhaps .
How has your sex life altered over the course of your marriage ?
B : Both times my wife was pregnant , it sort of stopped completely .
There was no desire from either of us .
I was perfectly fine with not going there .
P : I was the other way completely .
I thought my wife when she was pregnant was so fucking sexy .
She was lucky enough to retain her shape , her butt was still there , her boobs were huge .
I mean , the belly was odd but it was all very sexy to me .
Her hormones were going up and down , so maybe she did n’t want to as much , but when she did , I was like , “ Fuck yeah ! ”
JC : Pregnancy ?
Not a problem , but the kids themselves definitely slowed us down .
Just because , man , they really wear you out .
There are literally times where we wake up in the middle of the night and we ’re having sex and no one has any idea who initiated it .
It ’s like zombie sex .
B : I ’m never crashing at your house .
JC : The only time that it ever really slowed down was right after I got my vasectomy ; I was not in the mood for , like , three or four months .
K : What ?!
“ There were times in my marriages when I just did n’t realize how badly things were going . ”
JC : Well , there were complications .
It was really uncomfortable .
Other than that , it ’s been really great .
P : As far as the child aspect is concerned , her crib is right next to our bed , and we have sex maybe twice a week , which is probably average for a married couple .
And she ’s right there .
So when do you decide to stop having sex in front of your poor daughter ?
P : Well , we were just talking about that last week .
Because it was the middle of the night last week and she could n’t sleep , and she woke me up and was like , “ Lemme get on top , ” and I said , “ Sure , no problem ” —
B : You can be quite agreeable .
P : — and the baby wakes up and is watching us and my wife stopped and I just said , “ Hey , we ’re making love , it ’s not like we ’re hitting each other . ”
So let me ask you , man , when do you stop having sex in front of them ?
CJC : I think you stop just as soon as they ’re able to tell people .
You do n’t want them reporting on you .
JC : I do n’t think that sex has changed from having children , but I definitely do n’t masturbate as much .
Sex with mommy is one thing , but I am terrified of them walking in on that .
DW : Well , you do n’t have to masturbate in their room .
Does having a baby alter the way sex feels ?
B : Yes .
JC : My wife had two C- sections , so , no .
B : Let me just say that I meant immediately after , but it gets better .
P : Sex after our kid was born , I ’m not kidding , she was tighter than before .
I think that doc gave me a couple of extra stitches for the hell of it .
DW : Maybe your dick got bigger .
[ Laughs ]
Has being married altered the way you relate to your exes ?
CJC : I ’m still friendly with all my exes .
B : But you ’re still fucking all your exes !
CJC : Not all of them .
DW : I think that getting married , it ’s a stake in the ground .
Part of that commitment is that you ’ve closed off a certain path to the people in your past .
Photo : Joshua Wildman
K : I ’m friends with all my ex-girlfriends and wives .
In fact , they all say that I ’m great for them after they leave me .
M : It showed me how not right any of them were for me by comparison .
I ’ve realized what a good thing truly is , and I can look back on the other people I dated and realize , “ Wow , I was being such an idiot . ”
How did you relate to your first wife when you were with your second ?
K : Actually , my first wife visited us when we first started dating and she stayed at our apartment and we went to dinner and all hung out together .
What ’s your impression of your friends ’ marriages ?
B : There are some I envy , some I see on the divorce track .
My wife has friends who recently got married , and within six months , the wife caught the husband kissing some girl in their house .
She was a friend of theirs who was staying over and he ended up making out with this girl in the guest bedroom .
And I guess I just wonder what people who do that kind of thing are thinking .
I mean , my wife could trust me to have a girl stay at our house without having to worry about me tiptoeing into the other room to try and poke her .
CJC : Most of my friends are single or serial monogamists .
And I ’ll see friends go from fucking around to dating to serious to broken up to fucking around to dating , but me and my wife are always together , always solid .
We ’re perennial .
You think of people in open relationships being sporadic , and people think ,
That ’s not gonna last long .
But we ’ve been together the longest and we are the most stable .
“ Having those fantasies out in the open is like a pressure valve . ”
K : I see troubles .
Everyone ’s in trouble .
Deep , deep trouble .
But I ’ve learned that you just ca n’t see what ’s going on inside any relationship .
Couples have a public side — the things they say — and a private side , which is what ’s really going on .
I guess I look over to the other side of the fence to people who are satisfied with one person , and , boy , it really looks so cozy over there , so wonderful and warm and I wish I could have that .
And they are looking over at me and thinking , Damn , he ’s having so much fun , like there ’s a finite amount of sexual fun to be had in this world and I ’m hogging it all .
So I rub it in their faces when at all possible , but really I ’m just upset that I ca n’t seem to carry on a lot of the traditional stuff .
K : There were times in my marriages when I just did n’t realize quite how badly things were going .
You ’re like this lab rat running around , and you do n’t even know what ’s going on .
Are you tempted by other women ?
B : The blackmail question .
P : You know what helps me is — well , look , first off , it ’s every day .
It ’s not a question of “ Are you ? ” it ’s “ How many times ? ’ ”
JC : Especially in this city .
P : There are just so many beautiful people .
But what helps me is that my wife and I are really realistic with each other .
I mean , I ’ve dated girls who did n’t even want to hear , “ Wow , man , Beyoncé ’s really beautiful , huh ? ”
But my wife and I actually talk about people that we fantasize about when we ’re having sex .
I know she ’s not a robot and she knows I ’m not and she ’s just really cool .
Oh , Jesus , listen to me :
My wife ’s really cool .
But really , when I have trouble coming , I think about a past girlfriend , and she told me that she thinks about her first boyfriend .
And what , am I supposed to get jealous about something that happened twenty years ago ?
Having those fantasies out in the open is like a pressure valve .
JC : I think that we have similar marriages .
She knows that I think about other women from time to time .
B : Well , I ’ll tell ya , I was going to a wedding up in Boston , and I was on the train and this very attractive woman came and sat down next to me .
She was Asian [ oohs and ahhhs all around ] , which I love .
But fantasies aside , in real life , married guys bump up against people they find sexually alluring .
That ’s what I ’m talking about .
P : Then it makes sense that you married a Pole . [ Laughs ]
B : She was from Singapore , she was just here for a few days for some jewelry conference , she was going to be in Boston overnight , she knew absolutely no one in town , and she started asking me if I knew where the fun was .
DW : Wait , this is a Red Shoe Diary .
I ’ve seen this one .
[ Laughs ]
B : She ’s getting all close and asking me about what to do , and I was thinking , You have to be fucking kidding me .
My family owns pubs there and I gave her some spots to go to , and she asked for my phone number .
And I went to the wedding , and I got back home and saw that she had called me at 1:30 in the morning .
I just thought to myself , This is bad , I ’m not calling this girl back .
This was nothing I would jeopardize my marriage over , but if I wanted to do something , it could n’t have been more beautifully set up .
But I stepped back and was like : family , kid .
I was actually very proud of myself .
JC : Sometimes I kick myself because I ’m like , what ’s the harm in flirting ?
My wife ’s fine with that , and she knows I ’d never do anything about it .
But I ’ve suppressed flirtation with women so much that I actually think that I ’ve forgotten how to do it .
JC : You guys saw that Curb Your Enthusiasm episode where Cheryl David says to Larry that for their tenth anniversary he could have sex with anyone he wanted .
Well , I was watching that with my wife , and she turned to me and said , “ Would n’t you like something like that ? ”
And I just stopped myself and thought , This is probably a test .
So I told her that I do n’t think I would .
I told her that not only because I think it ’s the right answer but also because I do n’t think I could pull it off .
I think I ’d be better at it than Larry David , but …
Are there times when you ’re jealous of your wife ?
P : No .
Well , okay , check this out .
About three months before we got married , my wife was working for this company and she had a huge project working with this whole team of people , ten hours a day for a year , and at the end there was a big party .
And there was this one programmer , this Romanian guy , he leaned over and planted one right on her lips .
She said she backed away , but y’know , maybe she did n’t , but anyway , she says , “ Hey , I ’m engaged , ” and points to her ring , and he points to his and says , “ That ’s okay , I ’m married . ” I met the guy a month later —
CJC : You could have creamed him , right ?
P : Sure , he was some fucking douche , but we start having this conversation , and I go , “ So are you married , too ? ” and this is what he did , literally , he puts on this world - weary face and goes [ holds up hand and points to ring with contempt ] .
As if to say , “ What do you think , man , come on .
Look at my hand . ”
Like he was n’t too happy about it .
But that was the last time it happened .
If someone was really coveting my wife , I ’d get angry at him , not so much jealous but like , “ I ’m gonna kill this guy . ”
But I think she ’s sexy , other people are going to think she ’s sexy , and a few of those people are going to make those feelings known to her , and , well , so long as it ’s just that , you have to take it as a compliment .
Despite being in an open relationship , you ’d get jealous of another guy ’s being around your wife , right ?
CJC : Yeah , I mean , any open relationship , so much of that is all about managing jealousy , understanding where the jealousy kicks in and where it does n’t , what ’s cool and what is n’t .
I put my wife naked on the Internet all the time , and I have no jealousy in that regard whatsoever .
On the other hand , if a real - life dude tried something with her , it ’d be throwdown time .
But the steam valve for that is the celebrity five .
She can have sex with anyone on a list of five celebrities if she gets a chance to .
Well , I was taking a picture of one of these five dudes on her list for a magazine , and to prove I ’d put my money where my mouth is , I brought her along as my assistant .
But she sort of blew the opportunity in spite of my efforts .
We always think of it like this : A monogamous relationship is very rigid and it can break , whereas an open relationship is more flexible and can bend .
So with that bending , we ’re able to weather some storms that other relationships might break in .
“ If we were n’t romantically involved , we probably would n’t even be friends . ”
M : I know a lot of people who are in open relationships , to varying degrees .
I know a couple that finds guys for three - ways — that ’s sort of what they do for fun , but otherwise they ’re monogamous .
The other extreme is the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” version .
It ’s understood it ’s going on , but not necessarily spoken about with any specificity .
I do n’t think it would work for me , but God bless people it does work for .
It would just get too complicated and weird for me .
I ’m a simple guy — relationships are complicated enough without throwing one or more other people into it .
How many of you have looked to your own parents ’ marriages to compare with your own ?
B : Well , my mother died , but if she had n’t , they ’d still be together .
My wife ’s parents are divorced , and it ’s entirely because this one time he cheated .
And my mother - in - law was like , that ’s it , and my wife I know for a fact would be exactly the same way .
M : My parents hate each other .
I mean , actually hate each other .
They live together still , but they sleep in separate rooms .
There are a lot of excuses for that :
My dad snores , my mom ’s bad back .
But they ’ll never get divorced .
P : I think that it ’d be impossible for your parents ’ marriage to not inform your own .
I mean , in most cases , it ’s the first marriage you ’re exposed to , so it must be ingrained .
But I also think that if you grew up with a bad example of marriage and you have your head screwed on straight , that can be of equal value in forging a healthy one of your own .
JC : I am slowly but surely becoming my father .
It ’s just bizarre , the similarities .
And my mother actually left my father about four years ago , and I ’ve seen the progression and I ’m very aware of that .
I ’m making tweaks to ensure that I accentuate the best aspects of him .
CJC : For us , there is no prototype to model our relationship off of .
Every day , we are figuring shit out .
We feel like nobody ’s ever done what we ’re doing .
JC : Hugh Hefner .
Do you wish you ’d married earlier or later ?
DW : I could have been married sooner .
I was totally kicking around not doing anything very special for two years before I met my wife .
I would have liked to have those two years spent with her .
K : My advice as a twice - divorced man is never to get married in your twenties .
If you can hold it till 30 , you ’ll be in way better shape .
Your twenties are for fucking a lot of women .
Marriage : Can you sell it to me ?
K : Great for the comforts .
It brings bonding with another person .
It should also be feared as a scary institution .
It can really , really suck .
It ’s not a joke .
It ’s not something that kids should get into lightly .
God , I feel like I ’m talking about crack .
It ’s serious business .
DW : I would never try to sell anyone on marriage .
JC : I think what I found is a lifelong best friend who I happen to think is hot .
It ’s as simple as that .
P : I love my wife , but I never want to think of her as being my best friend .
My wife and I do n’t have a lot in common .
We just do n’t .
But we get along incredibly well because for some reason , the way we are wired , we do n’t get on each other ’s nerves .
M : I never thought about whether we are friends or lovers .
I just think we get on great and we have really great sex with each other .
We ’re also totally different from each other .
If we were n’t romantically involved , we probably would n’t even be friends , but we totally get along really well .
P : Two steps forward , two steps back , we come together , because opposites attract .
Abdul —
CJC : And M.C. Scat Cat .
Are you glad you got married ?
K : I did it twice , it did n’t work out twice , but I love my ex-wives and I would marry them again if I did it over .
No regrets .
I believe in it .
DW : I got lucky .
B : It is the best thing that ever happened to me .
Come on , one sour grape , just one !
P : Well , I have to go back to my first point , which is that I really do n’t feel that I am married .
It feels so natural that it ’s not a question of , was it a good decision or a bad decision ?
This is a little gooey all around — I do n’t want to sound cynical , but maybe check back in fifteen years .
JC : I got together with a bunch of college buddies about two years ago , and a lot of them are just very dissatisfied with their marital arrangements .
More than one of them said that their sex life has spiraled into mutual masturbation and that the two of them go off and do their own thing .
So as luck would have it , I think you ’ve assembled seven guys who are all pretty happy with their lot .
And an inordinate amount of balding guys , too , I might add .
[ Laughs ]
P : Maybe there ’s a connection .
P : Married with an 11 - month - old .
CJC : In an open marriage .
DW : Married , no kids .
K : Twice divorced .
JC : Married with a 3 - year - old and a 5 - year - old .
M : Married to another man .
B : Married with a 2 - year - old and a newborn .
John Murtha Admits the Surge is Working
Well , well , well .
John Murtha has just returned from Iraq and he had a little something to say .
THE SURGE IS WORKING !
That ’s right , John Murtha was forced to admit after coming back from Iraq that the surge is working .
This is the same man who wanted to slowly but surely deny our troops the means necessary to fight the war with his “ slow bleed ” plan to end the war by denying our troops funding for equipment a little at a time .
“ I think the ‘ surge ’ is working , ” the Democrat said in a videoconference from his Johnstown office , describing the president ’s decision to commit more than 20,000 additional combat troops this year .
However , Murtha got the new talking points memo that I discussed here , and still will use the new talking points as a reason to withdraw from Iraq .
But the Iraqis “ have got to take care of themselves . ”
That is the new mantra of the left ever since it became impossible for them to claim that the war is lost .
They now claim that Iraq will never be politically viable , so we must withdraw .
One can only wonder when we hear the Democrats say that Iraq wo n’t become politically viable , do they mean the Iraqi government , or do they mean for the Democrats themselves ?
I took a whack at Obama below for " predicting " that the Senate did n't have the votes to pass a supplemental with real teeth .
I took a passage from Mike Glover 's AP piece as supporting material :
Despite the unpopularity of the Iraq war , Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama predicted Thursday that Congress wo n't directly challenge President Bush 's plans and will focus instead on putting a ceiling on the number of troops deployed to that country .
The Obama campaign has sent me the full remarks :
I tell you what .
I think that we want to get everybody on board to bring this war to a close ... I want to be honest with you about where we are in Congress right now .
We are gonna ' have a series of debates about funding the next phase of this war .
And there are gonna ' be a couple of options .
One option is to just give the president a blank check , and to say ' whatever you say Mr. President here , you keep on doing what you 're doing . '
I do n't think that is an acceptable option .
Right now the question -- one way of ending the war would be to impose a timetable where we would have all our combat troops out .
And I had a bill that provided that timetable of March 30 th .
We passed it with a majority voting for that in the Senate and in the House but the problem was the president vetoed that bill and to overcome a veto in the senate you gotta ' have 67 votes so were about 15 votes short .
We were hoping to persuade enough Republican senators and Republican representatives to change their positions in order to override the President 's veto .
And ill be honest with you right now , it does n't look like were going to get that many votes , but I think it 's important for everybody here to put pressure on Republican congressmen and Senators who have not recognized that were on a failed course so that we can at least see more votes on that bill .
The other thing that were also gonna ' try to do – I do n't know if everybody 's aware of this but those people who have been sent to Iraq have been on the kinds of rotations without rest and without proper training that the army itself says is unacceptable .
We have people who are spending more time in Iraq than they are back home retraining and getting the rest that they need .
And so what we 're going to try to introduce is legislation that says you have to at least give people a one year break for every year served in Iraq .
And if were able to get that passed , and get sixty votes for that , then at least that would put a ceiling on how many troops could be sent there at any given time .
So those are some of the approaches that were gonna ' try to take even before George Bush leaves office , but all that is going to require some pressure from all of you on our senators and your congressman , you know , who are really important .
The Obama campaign has a real case that the AP lede is n't quite accurate .
Obama did predict that the Senate does n't have the votes , but also urged people to contact their congresspersons to try and change things .
So it was n't so much " resignation " , as it was " help us change this . "
In any case , I think the ultimate strategy is n't a choice between caving and avoiding the president 's veto .
I think it 's between sending enough tough bills to Bush that eventually 1 ) he either tires of vetoing and accepts a real compromise , or 2 ) his Republican allies in Congress abandon him .
Update : Glover must 've gotten a serious talking to , since he 's fleshed out his story even more , including this bit :
Obama said Congress should at least try to reverse course on the war .
" We should not wait until George Bush is out of office to start bringing this war to a close , " said Obama .
" I believe that Congress should not and must not give George Bush a blank check .
I believe Congress should impose a timetable and some constraints . "
With only a thin majority in both chambers of Congress , Obama said the effort may fall short .
" I cannot guarantee we can get all the Republicans we need , but we have to try , " said Obama .
I should know this already , but I guess it takes the occasional reminder that we can never trust anything but a full transcript from anyone ( not just traditional press , but anyone reporting a story ) .
By DANIEL MARTIN
Last updated at 08:33 03 December 2007
Folklore holds that what mothers eat is the key to the sex of their child .
Red meat and salty snacks are said to lead to boys while chocolate is thought to help to produce girls .
Now science suggests the stories may be true : mice with low blood - sugar levels - a good indicator of a sugar - rich diet - produce more female than male offspring .
Researchers gave 20 female mice a steroid , dexamethasone , which kept their blood - sugar levels low .
Scroll down for more ...
The sex of their litters was then compared with that of 20 mice on a regular diet .
Those eating normally produced offspring that were 53 per cent male .
But those on the steroid produced litters that were only 41 per cent male .
The results showed that , in mice at least , a diet that is high in sugar can lead to more female offspring .
The scientists who carried out the research at the University of Pretoria in South Africa say the same could be true in humans .
But Elissa Cameron , who led the project , said it was unclear how blood - sugar levels affect the sex of the offspring .
Sex is determined by a chromosome contained in the sperm - X for a girl and Y for a boy .
Women have two X chromosones .
But diet , in men , can have an impact by altering the proportion of sperm carrying X and Y chromosomes .
The latest research suggests food may affect the environment in the womb , creating conditions which are more favourable to male or female sperm .
Professor Cameron said her work raised the possibility that diet can influence the proportion of males and females in a population .
She said it also offered a possible answer to a key question in evolutionary theory - understanding the mechanisms through which animals ' select ' the sex off their offspring .
Other studies have shown that the time of year a baby is conceived can have an impact on its sex .
In women , different types of food are suspected of increasing the chance of a miscarriage .
Nu programming language is an open - source software created in 2007 by Tim Burks , an American software developer who now works for Google on APIs .
The creation of Nu came about in the same year as the launch of the first iPhone , and it was working with OS X and iOS that led to the creation of the new language .
The success of Apple products has made the 1983 language Objective - C an extremely relevant coding language to know , as it powers OS X and iOS .
Despite the release of Swift in 2014 , most developers for OS X , as well as iPhone apps , still work with Objective -C .
The other inspirations for creating Nu came from Ruby and Lisp .
Ruby is known to be one of the semantically simplest languages out there , powering some of the most popular websites on the net , notably Twitter .
Lisp , one of the oldest high - level programming languages still in use , provided the syntax .
Burks originally wanted to graft Ruby to Objective - C , but found too many mismatches .
It was then that he decided to create an entirely new language specifically for Objective - C .
What is Nu language ?
Nu is an alternative scripting language used to program OS X through Apple ’s native API , Cocoa .
Like Ruby ,
Nu is an interpreted , object - oriented language .
Using the familiar syntax of Lisp , and the semantic simplicity of Ruby , Nu was designed to structure C code without the need to generate cumbersome “ glue code ” – the artefacts that are imposed on C code when using other existing languages such as Python .
When Burke was developing Nu , he kept a few goals in mind .
He wanted something with the power , expressiveness and flexibility of the Lisp family of languages , but which also worked seamlessly with Objective - C .
Nu is designed to be expressive , and therefore to reduce the amount of code that it is required to write .
It also allows for the reuse and recycling of code and components from existing projects .
The current system requirements for Nu are Mac OS X 10.7 or iOS 4.3 or greater .
An implementation also exists for Linux .
Are Slot Sites Programmed Using NU ?
The best slot sites , as well as all the other kinds of online casinos out there are a great example of projects that are in a desperate need of various kinds of programming languages , tools and software .
We took slots sites as an example here due to the fact that they are operating at a field that requires a lot of programming – without it there would not be a business or the entire industry !
Usually slot games are programmed in several languages such as Java or HTML 5 – how much of the programming is based on NU language , that we do n’t know , but we are assuming it is used at least at the slot apps for iOs .
When it comes to mobile slots for Android , we are confident that NU checks all the requirements needed to attain a relevant market share .
NU is especially popular among slots and casino sites licensed by the UK Gambling Commission .
How to build and install NU repository
There are six discrete steps to building and installing Nu , from prerequisites through to testing .
Here ’s a rundown of what you ’ll need to do to get started coding using Nu .
1. Install PCRE
The first step is to download and install PCRE , the Perl - Compatible Regular Expression Library , from www.pcre.org.
Make sure that you build PCRE with UTF - 8 support , or later steps will fail .
The command for building universal binary with UTF - 8 support is as follows :
$ env CXXFLAGS= ” - arch i386 - arch ppc ” \
CFLAGS= ” - arch i386 - arch ppc ” \
LDFLAGS= ” - arch i386 - arch ppc ” \
./configure –disable - dependency - tracking –enable-utf8
The default location for PCRE should be /usr / local , and please ensure that this is where it goes in order to avoid more complications later .
2. Check if your OS includes libffi
Nu requires libffi , which may require you to build your own library , depending on what OS you are running .
10.5 users have this already included , but others may need to do this extra step before proceeding .
Detailed information on how to build the libffi library can be found online .
3. Build mininush
A minimal version of the Nu shell , called mininush , is built using the command make as follows :
$ make
4. Complete Nu build
Mininush can then be used to run nuke – a build and task management too of Nu – and complete the build .
The following command is used to build the Nu framework and the shell , which is known as nush :
$ ./ mininush tools/nuke
5. Install Nu
Mininush is also used to install nush , Nu.framework and Nu tools , with the following command :
$ ./ mininush tools / nuke install
You will be required to enter your password at this point .
The location for the framework should be / Library / Frameworks and for the executables / usr / local / bin .
6. Test Nu
nuke test is used to test the installation .
Enter the command :
$ nuke test
If the test is successful , the final result should look similar to this :
All : completed 45 tests / 133 assertions / 0 failures
SUCCESS ( 0 failures )
Tools available in Nu
Nu has a suite of tools available that allow the user to perform different tasks with the language .
Let ’s take a quick look at them and see a bit of what they can do .
nuke
We ’ve already encountered nuke while building , installing and testing Nu .
It was inspired by the rake tool in Ruby , and it is similarly multi-purpose .
nuke can be used to build and run applications , to build frameworks and to run tests , among many other functions .
nudoc
This tool automatically creates documentation for Objective - C and Nu source files .
The output is as html files , which are generated and placed in a directory named doc .
nutemplate
As the name suggests , this is the Nu templating tool , which can be used from Nu or Objective - C code to generate XML , HTML or CSS .
nubake
This is a code generation tool , which takes its name from the idea that Nu source files can be ‘ baked ’ into compiled objects .
This makes them both simpler and more tamper - resistant .
As well as the tools described above , the tools suite also includes the code formatter nubile and the testing tool nutest .
Uses of Nu programming language
One simple use of Nu is to test and explore Objective - C components by writing programs that run in the Nu shell , nush .
This is a great starting point to see how Nu is integrated with Objective -C .
Nu can also be used to build applications in Cocoa , which is Apple ’s native application programming interface ( API ) .
This can be done in a number of ways , depending on whether you have Objective - C code to compile into your application or not .
If there is no compilation needed , then you can simply copy nush into the application bundle directory Contents / MacOS and rename it to the desired name of your application .
If you wish to compile Objective - C code into the application , then it can be prompted to start with Nu using a main ( ) function .
The final option , which avoids modifying the main ( ) function , is to instruct the Nu parser to load and be used at runtime .
A third use of Nu is in the building of Cocoa frameworks .
A framework is essentially reusable code providing specific functionality so that you can develop your own applications .
Frameworks will always require at least a little C code as well as using Nu .
There are tasks in nuke that will help in the creation of frameworks .
Some examples of practical uses of Nu programming language are in a simple screen saver , a currency converter and console games .
How to embed Nu
Nu is not yet a very widely - used coding language , so while you may be familiar with it , there are many who are n’t or do n’t use it .
If you have developed an application using Nu , you may well want to ship it to your users without a requirement for them to also install Nu .
This can be done by embedding Nu inside the application as a private framework .
After using nuke to build the application , you will need to add a directory under Contents , named Frameworks , and then copy into this newly created directory Nu.framework .
After this , your application must be instructed to look for Nu.framework in the Frameworks directory .
This is done by using a program called installnametool .
After this , your application will be ready to use , even if the end user does n’t work with Nu .
Where can I find out more ?
In order to be thinking about using Nu , it is assumed that you are already familiar with using Objective - C in the creation of iPhone apps or building anything in OS X .
If that is not the case , then your first step is to learn how to use Objective - C , as Nu was designed specifically to interface with it .
If you wish to work on developing Apple software , Objective - C is essential .
If you have already mastered Objective - C , then understanding Nu should be quite manageable .
For more information on how to use this coding language , please visit the GitHub pages at https://github.com/programming-nu, which contains a repository of all information including examples of simple applications using the language .
Last updated at 15:26 19 November 2007
Gordon Brown today angered family rights campaigners by refusing a free vote on changes to fertility laws .
Downing Street is insisting the Human Tissue and Embryology Bill be railroaded through Parliament by the whips - despite concerns from church leaders , pro-family groups and Labour MPs .
The legislation removes the requirement on fertility clinics to consider the father 's rights before providing treatment .
It will also let lesbian couples receive IVF without involvement from the father beyond donating sperm .
Campaigners say the proposals are a matter of conscience and should be a free vote .
David Cameron has agreed Tory MPs can vote independently .
Mr Brown 's official spokesman today insisted : " The position on the Embryology Bill is that this is a government Bill and will be treated as such . "
Labour MP Geraldine Smith , whose Commons motion criticising the proposals has the support of 45 MPs , said she would defy the whip .
" The Government do need to take heed of the concerns being raised .
There is no way I am going to vote for legislation that is nonsense , " she said .
The motion tabled by Ms Smith says the proposed legislation is " profoundly misinformed " and " undermines the best interest of the child " .
Labour signatories include former ministers John Battle and Keith Vaz and backbenchers Lindsay Hoyle and Rudi Vis.
Opponents also include Anglican and Catholic church leaders .
Archbishop of York Dr John Sentanu was leading criticisms of the legislation in the Lords this afternoon .
He has regularly spoken out about the importance of fathers in avoiding a breakdown in family life and argued recently : " If we do not get a lot of role models from fathers , I do n't think we 're going to turn the tide . "
He has also spoken out in favour of the traditional two - parent family , arguing : " The Government needs to undertake a policy reorientation that incorporates the benefits of marriage to society as a whole , rather than relegating it to just another lifestyle choice . "
The campaign is being backed by MPs from all parties , led by former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith .
Do you think it 's wrong to only use the term ' partner ' ?
Join the debate in readers ' comments below ...
Writing in The Mail on Sunday , Mr Duncan Smith , who has undertaken pioneering research into the critical role that fathers play in keeping youngsters out of trouble , says the proposed new law is " another nail in the coffin of the traditional family and another blow against fatherhood " .
He adds : " Just as we are beginning to appreciate the vital role fathers play in the successful upbringing of children , Labour Ministers are sending out the utterly wrong signal fathers do n't matter . "
Mr Duncan Smith and his allies say the measure is in line with covert moves by the Government to undermine traditional families by removing terms such as " marriage , father , mother , husband , wife and spouse " from the statute book - and even from official forms .
The new row has been provoked by the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill which introduces new regulations governing the creation of embryos outside the human body .
The most controversial provisions govern IVF treatment .
The current duty on the part of clinics to take account of " the welfare of the child " when providing fertility treatment will be retained - but crucially , the reference to " the need for a father " will be removed .
It means lesbian couples can be regarded as joint legal parents of children conceived through the use of donated sperm , eggs or embryos .
In addition the new registration forms refer to " father or second parent " .
In the case of lesbian couples , this would allow one woman to be registered as the " mother " and the second woman as " second parent " instead of the sperm donor father .
The Catholic Archbishop of Westminster , Cardinal Cormac Murphy - O'Connor , said : " The Bill proposes to remove the need for IVF providers to take into account the child 's need for a father when considering an IVF application .
" This is profoundly wrong as it radically undermines the place of the father in a child 's life and makes the natural rights of the child subordinate to the couple 's desires . "
The campaigners say a new poll commissioned by the charity Christian Action Research and Education shows nearly four out of five people think it is vital to consider a child 's need for a father when processing lesbian applicants for IVF treatment .
The new law means that where sperm donor fathers are excluded by lesbian parents , children brought up by lesbian couples and who wish to contact their fathers will have to wait until they are 18 to exercise their legal right to establish their identity .
A number of Labour politicians have also spoken out against the reform .
And 45 MPs have signed a Commons Motion tabled by Morecambe Labour MP Geraldine Smith , saying the proposals are " profoundly misinformed and clearly undermine the best interests of the child " .
Campaigners claim the new law is the latest evidence of a secret drive to remove traditional family roles from the statute book .
A Mail on Sunday investigation established that in recent years , a number of measures have been pushed through quietly to achieve this .
In 2000 , tax credit forms were changed requiring applicants to refer to their spouses as " partners " not husbands and wives .
Tax and benefits forms now routinely refer to " partners " instead of husbands , wives or spouses .
And four years ago , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , then Equality Minister , was responsible for a Government report which said : " It is envisaged that Government forms currently asking for details of a person 's ' marital status ' would be altered to read ' civil status ' . "
Mr Duncan Smith said : " The Government has quietly expunged mention of marriage , spouse , husband and wife from official forms , so deleting the traditional family from the Whitehall mindset . "
Ben Summerskill , chief executive of the gay and lesbian rights group Stonewall , said last night : " At a time when three million children in this country are growing up in singleparent households , it seems odd there should be this obsession with a few hundred who have the opportunity to have a second loving parent .
" This is simply extending the protection that already exist in respect of heterosexuals . "
In 2000 Tony Blair pushed through legislation to repeal Section 28 .
But the move was opposed by religious groups and the Conservatives .
The passage of the 1967 Abortion Bill also led to furious Parliamentary debate .
It legalised abortion on demand and remains the basis of the current legislation .
In mice , telomerase deficiency results in a segmental progeria that increases in intensity over the generations , as the telomeres grow shorter ; in humans , similar mutations can result in the syndrome known as dyskeratosis congenita , whose symptoms include bone marrow failure .
Mismatch repair defects results in increased cancer incidence ( in humans , especially colon tumors ) .
Both types of mutation dramatically decrease lifespan .
In combination , however , these mutations actually improve longevity .
Siegl - Cachedenier et al. ( from Maria Blasco ’s lab ) bred mice that homozygously lacked telomerase subunit Terc2 , the MutL homolog PMS2 , or both genes at once .
The double mutants lived significantly longer — not just longer than either parental mutant , but longer than the wildtype .
Furthermore , the increased cancer incidence of PMS2 -/- was mitigated by the Terc2 -/- background ( progressively more strongly in subsequent generations ) ; conversely , the prevalence of intestinal lesions in telomerase knockouts — thought to be a result of stem cell exhaustion — was significantly diminished in the mismatch repair mutant .
How could this be ?
After clearing away some potential trivial explanations — PMS2 -/- does not rescue the accelerated telomere shortening , formation of DNA damage foci , or telomeric recombination that characterize the Terc2 -/- mutant — the authors observed that the mismatch repair mutation rescued defects in proliferation ( but not the increase in apoptosis ) seen in the telomerase knockout .
They therefore propose that diminished induction of p21 by telomere shortening could explain the improved phenotype of the double - mutant mice :
Importantly , PMS2 deficiency rescued cell proliferation defects but not apoptotic defects in vivo , concomitant with a decreased p21 induction in response to short telomeres .
The proliferative advantage conferred to telomerase - deficient cells by the ablation of PMS2 did not produce increased tumors .
Indeed , Terc2-/-/PMS2-/- mice showed reduced tumors compared with PMS2 -/- mice , in agreement with a tumor suppressor role for short telomeres in the context of MMR deficiencies .
These results highlight an unprecedented role for MMR in mediating the cellular response to dysfunctional telomeres in vivo by attenuating p21 induction .
In other words , the decrease in p21 activity rescued the loss in proliferative potential that would ordinarily result from telomerase deficiency , thereby increasing regenerative capacity and slowing age - related decline in tissue function .
Because the mismatch repair mutation did not decrease apoptosis , however , the increased proliferative potential did not result in tumor formation .
These results are is in stark contrast to other situations in which multiple DNA metabolism defects are present in the same organism ( see our earlier article , How premature aging resembles calorie restriction , for a discussion of the severe progeria that occurs when multiple nucleotide excision repair mutations are combined in the same mouse ) .
Another striking contrast with earlier paradigms :
We ’ve seen numerous examples of tradeoffs between tumor prevention and tissue regeneration , usually in situations where increased activity of a tumor suppressor resulted in diminished regenerative capacity .
Here , however , we see a case where two different antitumor mechanisms “ cancel each other out ” to give both improved tissue regeneration and diminished cancer risk .
How many other winning combinations are hiding out there ?
After the North Koreans , the British are probably the most highly surveyed people in the world .
Around 10,000 publicly funded closed - circuit television ( CCTV ) cameras — to say nothing of the private ones — watch London every day .
The average Briton , you often hear , winds up photographed 300 times a day as he goes about his business , even if his business is crime .
Whenever a brutal murder is committed in a public place , the police announce that they are examining the video evidence : no such murder ever seems to occur off camera .
Yet the number of CCTV cameras in place seems to have no effect on the number of crimes solved — the police in the London boroughs with many cameras , for instance , clear up no larger a proportion of crimes than those in boroughs with few .
A recent study demonstrating this failure to improve the clear - up rate , however , could not also show that the cameras failed to deter crime in the first place .
Common sense suggests that they should deter , but common sense might be wrong .
For if the punishment of detected crime is insufficient to deter , there is no reason why the presence of cameras should deter .
It is a matter of observation , however , that speed cameras on our roads cause most drivers to slow down .
The reason is clear : if drivers are photographed speeding , they likely will receive fines and , if caught repeatedly , lose their licenses .
For most people , such an outcome would be , if not a catastrophe , at least a severe inconvenience .
Getting caught is not in itself sufficient to deter : for example , receiving an admonishing letter , evoking the driver ’s moral responsibility to respect speed limits , would almost certainly have no effect upon his subsequent behavior behind the wheel .
A serious penalty if caught is necessary for effective deterrence .
The drivers whom speed cameras do not deter are those driving illegally in any case .
Not only are they harder to trace than people driving legally — they are , after all , usually driving in borrowed or stolen cars — but they have no licenses to lose , and probably no legal income with which to pay fines .
If caught two or three times , they may go to prison for a couple of weeks , true .
But the low risk of getting caught a sufficient number of times , combined with the mildness of the penalty if they are , makes illegal driving worthwhile for them .
The problem with the criminal law in Britain today is that it neither incapacitates criminals nor deters those inclined , for whatever reason , to break the law .
The crime - inclined are probably more numerous than ever before , which makes leniency doubly disastrous .
The huge number of CCTV cameras in Britain — perhaps as many as a third of all such cameras in the world — is an official response to the increased lawlessness of the population .
But as with so much official activity in Britain , it achieves nothing .
It is para - detection and para - deterrence rather than real detection and real deterrence .
In fact , the surveillance may even make matters worse , for if people run no additional risks in breaking the law while under surveillance , they may conclude that they have absolutely nothing to fear from the law .
What is certain is that we begin to feel Big Brother watching us ; thus arises a strange alliance between leniency and authoritarianism .
By LIZ HULL
Last updated at 07:40 08 November 2007
They regularly proclaim that finding the right size bra is as good for a woman 's figure as a splashing out on a boob job .
Now style gurus Trinny Woodall and Susannah Constantine appear to have gone one step further , by encouraging women to plunge their breasts into water to help them work out the exact size of their bosoms .
The bizarre technique , they say , is a far more accurate because it determines the weight , rather than the cup size of a woman 's breasts .
Scroll down for more ...
And it could help scientists design the ultimate , perfect - fitting bra for all women in the future .
With just a bowl of luke warm water , a baking tray and kitchen scales , housewives across the nation could soon all be using simple physics to work out the precise size of their bosoms .
The technique works by immersing each breast in a bowl of water and weighing the amount of water displaced .
One litre of water weighs one kilogram , so the volume of water can be easily converted to work out the weight of each individual bosom .
Scroll down for more ...
While Trinny spent a day as a big busted woman courtesy of a painted on 32D silicone enlargement , Susannah tried out the measuring technique to highlight the problems women face finding the right bra size .
According to recent surveys , as many as 75 per cent of women either do not know their true bra size or are regularly wearing ill - fiiting underwear .
She visited three high street stores who all came up with different sizes for her 34D chest for a new series of ITV's Undress the Nation .
One shop advised her she was a 36D , while another assistant claimed she needed to wear a 36C bra and a third 32 F .
Scroll down for more ...
But after dunking her assets into a bowl of luke warm water , design engineer Dr John Tyrer , was able to work out that Susannah 's breasts weighed two pounds each - or the equivalent of four bags of sugar .
He is currently designing a prototype for the perfect bra based on weight , rather than cup size .
Dr Tyrer said : " Women have this wonderful methodology about their breasts .
They say ' well , they 're different , they 're this shape , they 're that size . '
" The question is how do you know ?
Because the measurement process you have is an irrelevance .
Scroll down for more and to watch a preview of tonight 's episode ...
" If you 're an engineer or a designer the first thing you want to know is how heavy - how heavy are each of your breasts .
" Knowing the displaced amount of water tells us what the breast weight is .
Then , using a conversion factor we can then convert the weight of displaced water to the weight of the breast .
" We used water displacement because it is a good practical science experiment you could do at home , if you so wished .
" Our techniques have allowed us to pioneer new designs of bras which , unlike existing bra designs , now actually work . "
Susannah said that finding bras that fit perfectly could revolutionise the lives of women and stop those unhappy with their body shape from going under the knife for cosmetic surgery .
" It 's astonishing that so many women have no concept of how big their boobs are , " she said .
" Hardly anyone has the right size bra on .
Bras are either way too big , or way too small . "
Trinny added : “ The most awful thing is that every single bra manufacturer makes a different size bra again and again and again .
So , you might be a B cup in one store and a D cup in the other , it is crazy . "
Trinny and Susannah 's Undress the Nation is on ITV1 at 8 pm tonight .
UPDATED : All along the issue , the really big issue , was whether the striking writers would still feel united if some of them went back to work and others stayed on the picket lines .
I ’ve learned that was just one of the many worries voiced by the WGA to the posse repping Worldwide Pants when it applied for an interim agreement allowing the two late night shows it owns , The Late Show With David Letterman and The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson , to return to the air on January 2nd fully staffed with scribes .
“ It was a tough decision , ” a source close to Letterman acknowledged to me just now .
“ This happened by the slimmest of all possible margins . ”
So tough that Dave ’s negotiating team did n’t know whether the pact would be approved by the WGA until the very last minute today .
It was , finally , at midday following several meetings and a lot of phone calls , sources say .
The Letterman camp — which included Worldwide Pants CEO and longtime Late Show exec producer Rob Burnett , ex-CAA partner and now Worldwide Pants exec Lee Gabler , and the Hollywood entertainment law firm of Jackoway Tyerman and Wertheimer — was sworn to secrecy until the WGA could first talk to Jay Leno and his writers and then produce a press release .
But the news leaked out early , reputedly from Leno ’s side .
“ I am grateful to the WGA for granting us this agreement .
We ’re happy to be going back to work , and particularly pleased to be doing it with our writers , ” Letterman said in a statement issued by his company .
“ This is not a solution to the strike , which unfortunately continues to disrupt the lives of thousands .
But I hope it will be seen as a step in the right direction . ”
On the one hand , this is the first side deal cut by the WGA with a producer since the strike began on November 3rd as part of its new and articulated “ divide and conquer ” strategy .
“ Worldwide Pants has accepted the very same proposals that the Guild was prepared to present to the media conglomerates when they walked out of negotiations on December 7 , ” the WGA said in its announcement today .
But I ’m told the WGA leadership was particularly worried how Leno ’s writers would react since it gives Letterman ’s show a real leg up on late night competition for guests like celebrities and politicians ( i.e. Democratic presidential contenders who do n’t want to cross picket lines ) .
“ I do n’t think they wanted to upset Jay or those writers because they ’ve all been incredibly supportive of the WGA during this strike , ” an insider explained to me .
“ But it ’s not Jay ’s writers ’ fault that Dave ’s lawyers made a deal for him to own his show and Jay ’s lawyers made a deal for him to be an NBC employee . ”
Indeed , the WGA statement announcing the deal took care to note how “ it ’s time for NBC - Universal to step up to the plate and negotiate a company - wide deal that will put Jay Leno , who has supported our cause from the beginning , back on the air with his writers . ”
But a statement by SAG prez Alan Rosenberg hailing the deal underscored the huge advantage which Letterman ’s two shows will have booking big celebrity guests — an endorsement by the actors guild itself : “ Screen Actors Guild members will be happy to appear on The Late Show with David Letterman and Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson with union writers at work and without crossing WGA picket lines , ” Rosenberg made clear .
Another argument against granting the interim agreement was that Worldwide Pants did n’t control the New Media rights to Letterman ’s shows .
But CBS said in its statement issued tonight : “ CBS controls the Internet exploitation rights for both programs , and will comply with any eventual negotiated agreement between the AMPTP and the WGA . ”
But then Letterman ’s side showed that its company and not CBS is the one responsible for paying residuals to the WGA writers for Internet use of the shows .
Still another argument , and perhaps the most convincing , was that by granting the interim agreement the WGA would enrich CBS which collects the ad revenue from Dave ’s shows and therefore help the AMPTP .
Indeed , the AMPTP ’s own statement accused WGA ’s negotiators of “ misrepresenting the fact that Worldwide Pants is an AMPTP member ” .
But inside the WGA , a source told me , “ the question was whether the hurt felt by NBC in late night would be worse than the benefit given to CBS .
Some people did n’t accept that .
Those people also wanted to make a side deal with a much bigger company than Worldwide Pants , ” an insider told me .
“ But there was an actual strategy behind today ’s decision . ”
That strategy goes something like this :
In order for this gambit to work to the WGA ’s benefit , two things must happen : Leno ’s writers ca n’t go Financial Core , and SAG has to tell its people to only go on Dave ’s shows .
“ Then you have Jeff Zucker in huge pain .
You also have to remember that Les Moonves has very little power in the AMPTP .
Jeff Zucker and Jeff Immelt have much more power in the AMPTP .
If they see their Tonight Show franchise going down the tubes , they ’ll put a lot of pressure on the other CEOs to return to the talks , ” a source explained .
“ In the final analysis , they hoped this is a watershed . ” ( I can confirm that , at one point , Dave ’s camp argued that NBC would break ranks with the AMPTP and do a side deal with the WGA in order to save its late night lineup , especially with Conan O’Brien about to succeed Jay Leno .
But , in the end , no one at the WGA bought into that , so Letterman ’s side dialed it back . )
But now there may be rifts within the WGA over the deal .
Before today ’s announcement , I received phone calls and emails from some well - known WGA members , especially feature film writers , angry that the WGA was even contemplating such an agreement while at the same time dumping those issues important to screenwriters like possessory credit , free rewrites and endless meetings without pay .
They told me they planned to stop picketing and possibly go Fi-Core over what they see as a strike that ’s become more about television that movies .
Tonight I ’ve managed to reach one of those successful screenwriters who phoned me and he ’s furious .
“ I ’m going back to work , ” he said , asking me not to use his name .
“ I have gotten five phone calls tonight from feature writers and every single one of them has said some variation on , ‘ Bullshit on this .
Why am I looking at staying out of work until April when these guys are going to start picking up paychecks on Tuesdays ? ' ”
The writer continued : “ All you ’re doing every time a movie or TV star goes on Letterman is making money for a member of the AMPTP .
If you ’re going to strike GM , then you strike GM .
You do n’t say , ‘ We ’re going to give a waiver to the guys making pickup trucks because they ’re really good guys . ' ”
You do n’t maintain solidarity by letting a handful of guys go back to work .
So what ’s next : Lorne ’s people go back to work ?
Then Colbert ’s people go back to work ?
“ I read the reasoning behind this on your site just now that they ’re trying to break Jeff Zucker .
Are they out of their minds ?
NBC Universal ’s numbers are a rounding error in the grand scheme of General Electric .
All GE has to do is sell one power plant in Dubai and it covers the entire revenue stream of NBC Universal . ”
But another successful feature film writer , Mike Werb ( The Mask , FaceOff , Lara Croft : Tomb Raider ) just told me he applauds the Letterman deal and does n’t see it as divisive .
“ I ’m thrilled for the Letterman writers and for Letterman that as one of the most important people in the entertainment business he can take this stance .
From my point of view , I do n’t see any negatives in this deal .
To me , it just serves as an example of how a side deal can be made .
Personally , I applaud Worldwide Pants whether there ’s a domino effect or not to be seen .
If the deal is acceptable to the guild , it ’s completely acceptable to me .
That ’s why I was one of the 90 % who voted to empower this strike and my partners in this , which is the negotiating committee . ”
Werb noted that during the last writers strike in 1988 , he was working for a firm that also secured an interim agreement with the WGA , Sam Arkoff ’s AIP , and recalled no controversy over that deal .
“ You never heard any arguments .
People seemed happy . ”
Nor does
Werb think there ’s a movie vs TV writer schism developing .
“ I can tell you that during this strike now I ’ve been on the picket lines every day and the spirit is significantly stronger this time than then .
I ’ve met so many screenwriters and TV writers all fusing together . ”
Here are the various statements about today ’s decision :
First , the WGA ’s email to its own members about the decision :
To Our Fellow Members ,
We are writing to let you know that have reached a contract with David Letterman ’s Worldwide Pants production company that puts his show and The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson back on the air with Guild writers .
This agreement is a positive step forward in our effort to reach an industry - wide contract .
While we know that these deals put only a small number of writers back to work , three strategic imperatives have led us to conclude that this deal , and similar potential deals , are beneficial to our overall negotiating efforts .
First , the AMPTP has not yet been a productive avenue for an agreement .
As a result , we are seeking deals with individual signatories .
The Worldwide Pants deal is the first .
We hope it will encourage other companies , especially large employers , to seek and reach agreements with us .
Companies who have a WGA deal and Guild writers will have a clear advantage .
Companies that do not will increasingly find themselves at a competitive disadvantage .
Indeed , such a disadvantage could cost competing networks tens of millions in refunds to advertisers .
Second , this is a full and binding agreement .
Worldwide Pants is agreeing to the full MBA , including the new media proposals we have been unable to make progress on at the big bargaining table .
This demonstrates the integrity and affordability of our proposals .
There are no shortcuts in this deal .
Worldwide Pants has accepted the very same proposals that the Guild was prepared to present to the media conglomerates when they walked out of negotiations on December 7 .
Finally , while our preference is an industry - wide deal , we will take partial steps if those will lead to the complete deal .
We regret that all of us can not yet return to work .
We especially regret that other late night writers cannot return to work along with the Worldwide Pants employees .
But the conclusion of your leadership is that getting some writers back to work under the Guild ’s proposed terms speeds up the return to work of all writers .
Side - by - side with this agreement , and any others that we reach , are our ongoing strike strategies .
In the case of late - night shows , our strike pressure will be intense and essential in directing political and SAG - member guests to Letterman and Ferguson rather than to struck talk shows .
At this time , picket lines at venues such as NBC ( both Burbank and Rockefeller Center ) , The Daily Show , The Colbert Report , and the Golden Globes are essential .
Outreach to advertisers and investors will intensify in the days ahead and writers will continue to develop new media content itself to advance our position .
We must continue to push on all fronts to remind the conglomerates each and every day that we are committed to a fair deal for writers and the industry .
Best ,
Michael Winship
President
Writers Guild of America , East Patric M. Verrone
President
Writers Guild of America , West
Then the WGA ’s public statement :
“ The Writers Guild has reached a binding independent agreement today with Worldwide Pants that will allow The Late Show with David Letterman and Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson to return to the air with their full writing staffs .
This is a comprehensive agreement that addresses the issues important to writers , particularly New Media .
Worldwide Pants has accepted the very same proposals that the Guild was prepared to present to the media conglomerates when they walked out of negotiations on December 7 .
Today ’s agreement dramatically illustrates that the Writers Guild wants to put people back to work , and that when a company comes to the table prepared to negotiate seriously a fair and reasonable deal can be reached quickly .
It ’s time for NBC - Universal to step up to the plate and negotiate a company - wide deal that will put Jay Leno , who has supported our cause from the beginning , back on the air with his writers . ”
From David Letterman ’s Worldwide Pants :
Worldwide Pants Incorporated , David Letterman ’s independent production company , announced today that it has agreed to terms with the Writers ’ Guild of America on an interim agreement that will allow The Late Show With David Letterman and the Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson to resume production on January 2 , 2008 , with the writing staffs of both shows .
“ I am grateful to the WGA for granting us this agreement .
We ’re happy to be going back to work , and particularly pleased to be doing it with our writers , ” said Letterman .
“ This is not a solution to the strike , which unfortunately continues to disrupt the lives of thousands .
But I hope it will be seen as a step in the right direction . ”
“ This is a positive result , both for the WGA and for our shows , and we are appreciative that the leaders of the Guild dealt with us reasonably and in good faith , ” said Rob Burnett , President and CEO of Worldwide Pants and Executive Producer of The Late Show .
The January 2nd original episode of The Late Show With David Letterman will air at 11:37 –12:37 AM , ET / PT on CBS .
Guests will be announced at a later date .
And finally from the AMPTP :
“ While it is good news for viewers that the jokes will be back on the late night shows , the biggest joke of all appears to be the one the WGA ’s organizers are pulling on working writers .
The people in charge at WGA have insisted on increasing their own power by prevailing on jurisdictional issues such as reality , animation and sympathy strikes .
Yet today the WGA made an interim agreement to send writers back to work that by definition could not have achieved these jurisdictional goals — gains that would at a minimum require the company making an agreement to actually produce reality and animation programming .
WGA ’s organizers are also misrepresenting the fact that Worldwide Pants is an AMPTP member .
Today ’s agreement is just the latest indication that the WGA ’s organizers may not have what it takes to achieve an industry - wide deal that will create a strong and sustainable economic future for writers and producers alike . ”
From Screen Actors Guild president Alan Rosenberg :
In psychedelic Web vid , Gravel ' raps ' about Democrats excluding him
Former Alaska Sen . Mike Gravel , whose fierce anti-war views have earned him a coterie of online supporters , is protesting his exclusion from Democratic presidential debates with a psychedelic video posted this week on YouTube .
" Phony patriotism is jingoism , " Gravel raps over a remix of John Lennon 's " Give Peace a Chance " with flashy animations interspersed with clips of Democratic candidates and President Bush playing behind him .
" Why wo n't you let me say what I want to say ?
Power to the people .
Give peace a chance . "
Gravel , whose gadfly candidacy seems to be gaining little traction beyond a few popular Internet videos , has been denied the opportunity to appear alongside Democratic candidates in any more debates this year .
In earlier debate appearances , Gravel excoriated Democratic lawmakers who voted to let President Bush invade Iraq and now are criticizing the war , and he spoke out against the government 's war on drugs , a topic most other candidates have avoided .
" Why are they afraid of the truth ? " Gravel asks in the two - minute video .
As Labor Day approaches , what better time to assess the state of working America .
It 's under assault and weakened by decades of eroding rights in the richest country in the world once regarded as a model democratic state .
It 's pure nonsense in a nation always dedicated to wealth and power , but do n't try finding that discussed in the mainstream .
Today , it 's truer than ever making the struggle for equity and justice all the harder .
That 's what ordinary working people now face making beating those odds formidable at the least .
In a globalized world , the law of supply and demand is in play with lots more workers around everywhere than enough jobs for them .
It keeps corporate costs low and profits high and growing with Business Week ( BW ) magazine reporting in its April 9 issue " the share of ( US ) national income going to corporate profits ( compared to labor ) is hovering around a 50 year high . "
BW then quoted Harvard economist Richard Freeman 's research paper saying only " a global pandemic that kills millions of people " could cause a labor shortage and elevate worker bargaining power .
There 's little in sight , and the result is a huge reserve army of unemployed or underemployed working people creating an inevitable race to the bottom in a corporatized marketplace .
It harms workers everywhere , including in developed nations .
They 're outsourcing good jobs abroad to lower wage countries and pressuring workers to do more for less because they 've got little bargaining power to fight back .
More on this below .
Organized Labor in the US - Its Rise and Decline
Organized labor 's rise began modestly and was fragile in the earliest days of the republic .
It gained strength in good economic times , then lost it in downturns like the depression in 1873 .
By the 1880s , things were better as the nation underwent rapid industrialization .
With it came rising prosperity and workers wanting a share of the benefits .
They turned to unions for help with skilled artisans leading the way helping the unskilled as well in their efforts to organize .
New labor organizations arose , older ones expanded , and as they did , they grew more active and militant .
It led to the " great uprising of labor " in 1886 , including the landmark Chicago May 4 Haymarket Riot protesting police violence against strikers the previous day .
Its impact was hugely negative at first .
It forced organized labor to regroup and settle in for a long period of recovery .
This was at a time the incipient labor movement was over two million and rising beginning with its organizing efforts launching it in the 1870s .
By the 1880s , it had enough strength to stage huge strikes for better pay and working conditions like the struggle for an eight hour day that had 80,000 strikers parading peacefully down Chicago 's main Michigan Avenue on May 1 , 1886 in what 's now regarded as the first ever May Day Parade .
Workers were helped from community - based emerging independent political parties sensitive to their rights .
That 's unheard of today in an age where no effective political party stands for working people despite Democrats and Republicans saying they do .
Workers are now on their own .
They 're left to struggle in a global marketplace with pathetically little help weak unions can provide .
Earlier in the 19th century , the first national union arose as workers began asserting their rights .
It was called the National Labor Union ( NLU ) , emerged after the Civil War , but was short - lived .
Next came the Knights of Labor in 1869 with a mandate to protect all workers including women and blacks after 1883 .
They were represented by industry groups rather than trade and skill level that was common until then .
Its goals were high but achievements few at a time of widespread worker repression in the 1880s .
It led to its decline as a more resilient union emerged the result of disaffection with the Knights .
It was called the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) and was founded by Samuel Gompers in 1886 to replace its predecessor , the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions .
The ill - fated American Railway Union ( ARU ) followed in 1893 , the largest industrial union of its day for a time , and the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) that at its peak in the 1920s had 100,000 members .
The Wobblies are still around 102 years after Big Bill Haywood , Eugene Debs and others founded the union in 1905 as a commitment to working people in their struggle with corporate employers .
It 's motto was " an injury to one is an injury to all , " its goal was revolutionary , and it 's still true to its root ideology today as stated in the current IWW Constitution :
" The working class and the employing class have nothing in common .
There can be no peace so long as hunger and want are found among millions of the working people ..... Between ( workers and employers ) a struggle must go on until the workers of the world organize as a class , take possession of the means of production , abolish the ( unfair ) wage system , and live in harmony with the Earth ....
It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with capitalism ....
By organizing industrially we are forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old . "
That philosophy under dedicated men like Haywood , Debs and others set the Wobblies on a collision course with government and big business that tried to crush it .
During WW I in 1917 , it was vicious under Woodrow Wilson 's Justice Department ( DOJ ) .
It used the repressive Espionage and Sedition Acts to raid and disrupt union meeting halls across the country .
It 's the same tactic used today against Latino immigrants and Muslims in the concocted " war on terrorism " and the one against undocumented workers .
In 1917 and later , Wilson 's DOJ acted much the same way arresting 165 Wobbly leaders on the grounds they hindered the war effort by using their First Amendment right to speak out against it .
They were tried near war 's end in 1918 , all convicted , and given long prison terms under a Democrat President thought of reverentially today .
Bill Haywood was luckier .
After conviction , he was released on bail and fled to the Soviet Union where he remained until his death , but the IWW was never again the same .
They were hammered again from 1918 - 21 during the infamous Palmer Raids under Wilson Attorney General Mitchell Palmer .
He targeted radical left wing groups like the Wobblies at the time of the first " Red Scare " after the 1917 Russian Revolution .
It launched J. Edgar Hoover 's career in the DOJ Bureau of Investigation 's new General Intelligence Division that later became the FBI in 1935 .
The IWW is still around , still dedicated to its founding principles , but it 's worldwide membership is only around 2000 , mostly in the US .
The AFL fared much better .
It became the largest union in the first half of the 20th century even after the founding of the Congress of Industrial Organizations ( CIO ) in 1935 with which it merged in 1955 .
Today , it 's still the country 's largest federation of unions .
Its web site claims a membership of around 10 million workers , even after the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , Teamsters , UNITE - HERE and United Food and Commercial Workers ( UFCW ) broke away from the federation in 2005 .
The United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America ( UBC ) did as well in 2001 , and the Laborers International Union of North America ( LIUNA ) left in 2006 .
They formed a new Change to Win federation in September , 2005 representing about 5.5 million workers .
It likely left AFL - CIO with fewer members than it claims with its true size closer to 8 million or less .
AFL - CIO 's state is a metaphor for the times .
Organized labor today is weak in the face of declining membership and corporate dominance with workers losing out in a globalized world .
It 's fall has been long - term and painful with worker rights hammered since the 1980s .
It 's a long way today from when the landmark Wagner Act passed in 1935 under Franklin Roosevelt .
It established the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) guaranteeing labor the right to bargain collectively on equal terms with management for the first time ever , but it was n't an act of kindness .
It came at the height of The Great Depression when those in power feared the worst .
FDR and Congress acted to save capitalism at a time they feared mass worker hostility might boil over like it did in 1917 Soviet Russia .
Like all other worker victories , this one came through struggle .
It was from organizing , pressing their demands , taking to the streets , going on strike , holding boycotts , battling police and National Guard forces supporting management against working people , paying with their blood and lives and finally achieving results .
They got an eight - hour day , a living wage , and on - the - job benefits because strong unions went head - to - head with management and won .
It 's worlds different now with corporate giants in bed with friendly governments , and Democrats and Republicans vying to see which party can be more accommodative .
> From the 19th century forward , it was never easy for labor from the height of the movement 's strength to the present .
Unions were always disadvantaged even at a time of reasonable labor - management harmony .
The passage of the harsh 1947 Taft - Hartley Labor - Management Relations
Act showed how tenuous their position always was .
Harry Truman vetoed the bill but was overridden .
He called it a " slave labor bill " and then hypocritically used it 10 times , the most ever by any President to this day .
The law throttles organized labor by giving the President power to stop strikes by court - ordered injunction for 80 days .
He can claim the national interest , some other one , or none at all that 's always the same one - to help corporate management deny workers their rights .
Taft - Hartley is still the law and was last invoked by GW Bush in the summer of 2002 against 10,500 west coast dock workers " locked out " ( not striking ) by the Pacific Maritime Association representing shipping companies and terminal operators .
Earlier in 2001 and new in office , Bush showed his anti-labor stripes straightaway .
He invoked the Railway Labor Act blocking a threatened strike by 10,000 mechanics , cleaners and custodians at Northwest Airlines set for March 12 .
He acted again against United Airlines ' 15,000 mechanics in December .
He also took management 's side in August , 2006 against Northwest 's 8700 flight attendants ' planned job action against the bankrupt airline 's unfair demands for huge wage cuts and increases in hours worked .
Bill Clinton was just as unfriendly invoking the Railway Labor Act against American Airline 's pilots and to prevent railroad strikes 13 times .
Laws like these , and Presidents ' willingness to use them , crushed the spirit and letter of the Wagner Act .
They greatly weakened or revoked hard won provisions , and as a consequence , diminished union clout .
Taft - Hartley allows stiff penalties for union violations but minimal ones for companies .
It enacted a list of " unfair ( union ) labor practices " prohibiting jurisdictional strikes ( relating to worker job assignments ) , secondary boycotts ( against firms doing business with others being struck ) , wildcat strikes , sit - downs , slow - downs , mass - picketing against scabs brought it , closed shops ( in which employees must join unions ) , union contributions to federal political campaigns , and more while legalizing employer interventions aimed at preventing unionizing drives .
It began a process of gradual erosion of union power to bargain collectively .
That 's their weapon now weakened because of devious employer tactics .
They can illegally fire union sympathizers ( thousands each year ) and get away with only minor wrist slap fines after years of expensive litigation to prove wrongdoing .
Further , employers can fire workers for any lawful reason like incompetence or no stated reason at all .
Even the right to strike is neutralized with employers able to hire replacements or threaten to ship jobs offshore .
With government on their side , they 're empowered to fire union workers and legally replace them with lower - paid scabs or Latino immigrants .
The Reagan administration marked the beginning of the current trend in its first year .
He was contemptuous of organized labor while hypocritically saying " I support unions and the rights of workers to organize and bargain collectively . "
He showed it in August , 1981 by firing 11,000 striking PATCO air traffic controllers , jailing its leaders , fining the union millions of dollars , and effectively busting it in service to the monied interests backing him .
It was a shot across organized labor 's bow and a clear message to business and industry of what to expect from a friendly Republican President .
Nothing changed since under Democrat or Republican administrations with workers unable to match the power and influence of capital .
The toll ever since has been devastating .
Union membership has been in steady decline from its post - war high of 34.7 % in the 1950s .
It held fairly constant through most of the 1970s at around 24 % where it stood in 1979 .
At the end of the Reagan era , it was down to 16.8 % and is currently around 12 % overall with about 36 % of government workers unionized but only 7.4 % of them in the private sector .
It 's the lowest it 's been since the beginning of the mass unionization struggles of the 1930s and in the private sector in over 100 years .
It 's because of Democrat and Republican antipathy to organized labor and corporate threats to close plants and outsource jobs .
It 's forced workers to take pay cuts and fewer benefits that are dropping to where they 'll be none , and they 'll be on their own to live or die by market - based rules rigged against them .
George Bush supports corporate interests aiming to crush unions so they have free reign to treat workers any way they wish or go find other work .
In the wake of 9/11 , he took on public sector unions straightaway .
He denied 170,000 new Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) employees their civil service protection and right to bargain collectively .
Those affected included Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) newly federalized airport screeners .
They lost their right to unionize in the name of national security that could as easily been for any reason or none at all .
But this was just for starters .
Bush also wants federal positions contracted out to private companies .
That jeopardizes 850,000 federal employees likely to get lower pay , fewer benefits , loss of other unionized rights , and many of them ending up out of work .
Overall , organized workers always get higher wages and greater benefits , which explains why strong unions are vital .
The evidence comes from David Sirota in his his 2006 book , " Hostile Takeover . "
He showed :
-- 89 % of union members have employer - paid health care coverage compared to 67 % for nonunion members ; as fewer companies now provide it , those numbers are lower ; in addition , companies continue making employees pay a greater share of the cost of coverage ;
-- employers pay a larger share of union member health care premiums than nonunion members get ( but the percentage is falling ) ;
-- over two - thirds of union members have short - term disability insurance compared to about one - third for nonunion workers ;
-- union members get about 26 % more vacation time and 14 % more total paid leave than nonunion workers ; and
-- Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) data show union influence gets high school graduating members about 8.8 % more pay than nonunion workers .
Greater worker clout under unions is why management wants to destroy them .
It 's to deny working people their right to organize , earn more and get greater benefits corporations do n't want to provide .
It 's happening in the gilded age of George Bush , and a recent example came in a ruling late last year when his administration 's NLRB ruled 3 - 2 against registered nurses ' right to union membership if they perform certain minimal supervisory duties .
It was in a case where United Auto Workers ( UAW ) were trying to organize nurses at a Taylor , Michigan - based hospital .
US labor law does n't guarantee supervisors the right to organize making the NLRB ruling hugely important for up to eight million workers in other trades .
It may potentially deny their right henceforth to qualify for union representation if employers want to use this ruling to add enough supervisory responsibilities to employees ' job descriptions to throw them into a union - exempt category .
Bush further ended the Clinton administration 's regulation requiring federal agencies vet companies ' compliance with the law when awarding federal contracts .
He also issued harsh anti-union , anti-worker executive orders ( EOs ) as well as a tsunami of other repressive ones .
He barred automatic union - recognition agreements on federally funded construction projects , abolished labor - management cooperation partnerships aimed at improving productivity and working conditions , and mandated contractors henceforth must inform employees they no longer had to join a union without having to tell them it's their legal right .
Just the way Ronald Reagan busted PATCO , George Bush tipped his hand straightaway in office .
He 's a company man and union - hater , so henceforth it 's been open season on workers and their rights under his administration .
His policies range from :
-- a one - sided support for management ;
-- stripping workers of their right to unionize ;
-- cutting pay raises for 1.8 million federal workers on the pretext of a " national emergency ; "
-- denying millions overtime pay ;
-- appointing anti-union officials ;
-- scheming to weaken ( and then end ) retirement security by replacing Social Security with risky private accounts managed by Wall Street sharks that so far has gotten nowhere because of public opposition to it ;
-- weakening environmental regulations and protections ; and more in an endless war on workers in service to corporate interests that elected and own him .
The failed " immigration reform " legislation was , in fact , a Trojan Horse .
It 's down but not dead and remains a thinly veiled scheme targeting all workers .
It 's a dagger aimed straight at organized labor in a plan to create a workplace of unempowered serfs , a " bracero America , " including US citizens having few or no benefits and no security .
If this legislation ever becomes law , workers will be at the mercy of business to hire and fire them at will .
Another anti-labor tool is the repressive Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and its Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) arm .
It conducts paramilitary border and workplace assaults on undocumented Latino workers as part of a larger agenda to disenfranchise all working Americans and deny them the right to bargain collectively with management through unions .
By targeting undocumented workers first , the eventual aim is to create a large exploitable disposable reserve army worker pool ; strip all workers of their rights ; empower employers to offer low wage , low or no benefit jobs ; and pretty much be able to operate as they please .
The Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) - Some Hope for Worker Rights Now Denied
EFCA was introduced to " amend the ( landmark pro-labor ) National Labor Relations Act ( passed in 1935 ) " that 's been systematically dismembered piece by piece ever since .
Its aim was to " establish an efficient system to enable employees to form , join , or assist labor organizations , to provide for mandatory injunctions for unfair labor practices during organizing efforts , and for other purposes . "
On June 26 , Senate Republicans blocked labor 's top legislative priority by preventing the bill 's supporters from getting the 60 votes needed to end debate and bring it to a vote .
For now the bill is dead , but if it ever passes , it will change federal law on worker rights .
They 'll henceforth be able to organize by signing cards authorizing union representation , penalize employers violating worker rights to do it , and establish new mediation and arbitration processes for first - contract disputes .
It might also end or slow down the firing , demoting , laying off , or suspending without pay of over 20,000 US workers annually because of their union activities .
The bill was introduced in the 108th and 109th Republican - controlled Congresses but failed to pass .
It was introduced again in the 110th Congress on February 5 , 2007 , got 233 co-sponsors by month 's end , and passed in the House March 1 , 2007 for the first time .
On March 2 , it was placed on the Senate calendar where leading Democrats expected it to pass despite Republican opposition .
They were wrong .
That 's bad news for a bill that would have won back some worker rights after decades of losing them .
It 's backed by over five dozen organizations including the NAACP , United for a Fair Economy , Jobs with Justice and numerous other civil , human and labor rights groups .
The US Chamber of Commerce and other organizations joined with big business against the bill .
They oppose all worker rights , and their lobbying paid off .
They claimed the bill allowed them the right to organize before employers can explain why doing it is not in their best interest .
Ignored is that union workers always have more rights that include higher pay , greater benefits and added job security .
That 's bad for business and why corporate giants fought to kill the bill .
They have a powerful ally in the White House making their job a lot easier .
In a mid-February speech before a business lobby group , Dick Cheney announced George Bush would veto EFCA legislation if it passed on his watch .
He assured those attending this administration will keep its anti-labor record unblemished on something polls show 77 % of working Americans want but wo n't get as long as George Bush is in office .
Global Unionization - Another Potential Ray of Hope
In April editions of The American Prospect , the Washington Post and ZNet , Harold Meyerson wrote about " a radical new direction for the globalized economy " in his article titled " Unions Gone Global . "
He noted the United Steel Workers ( USW ) here are negotiating a merger with two of Britain 's largest unions to create " the first genuinely multinational trade union " that with about three million members will be the world 's largest .
Meyerson reported the goal , as USW 's Gerald Fernandez put it , is " to fight financial globalization ( by ) fight ( ing ) it globally .... by building a global union ( in this case a ) federation of metal , mining , and general workers . "
The partners in this one stated a commitment to " fund human rights and union rights in parts of Africa and Colombia " where more unionists are killed annually than anywhere else , and the country gets billions in US aid each year to help out .
They also plan a global effort " to protect employees ' retirement benefits " from corporate predators wanting to end them .
For now , there 's no way to know if the idea behind the merger will spread , whether workers here and abroad will benefit from it , or even if the USW and their British partners will follow through effectively on their committed aims to help win back what unionized workers have been losing for years .
_______
About author Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com
YANGON , Myanmar ( CNN ) -- United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon is to send a special envoy to Myanmar amid reports of several deaths in clashes between security forces and thousands of protesters led by Buddhist monks .
Unconfirmed opposition reports put the death toll at five .
" A statement from the main Buddhist organization leading the demonstrations said five monks have been killed , " Aye Chan Naing , chief editor of the Democratic Voice of Burma , told CNN from his office in Oslo , Norway .
Myanmar 's ruling junta acknowledged that one civilian had been killed and three wounded in the suppression of anti-government protests , The Associated Press reported .
CNN 's Dan Rivers , reporting from near the MyanmarThai border , said protests had calmed for the night Wednesday in Yangon , the country 's largest city .
Meanwhile , Ban 's office called on the regime to cooperate with a U.N. envoy , Ibrahim Gambari , due to be " urgently dispatched " to the troubled southeast Asian country .
" He calls on the senior leadership of the country to cooperate fully with this mission in order to take advantage of the willingness of the United Nations to assist in the process of a national reconciliation through dialogue , " said a U.N. statement .
" Noting reports of the use of force and of arrests and beatings , the secretary - general calls again on authorities to exercise utmost restraint toward the peaceful demonstrations taking place , as such action can only undermine the prospects for peace , prosperity and stability in Myanmar . "
Speaking from neighboring Thailand , the spokesman for the resistance organization the National Council of the Union of Burma ( Myanmar ) , Soe Aung , told CNN that at least one monk died after clashes with security forces in Yangon .
The AFP news agency also reported officials as saying that at least three monks had died , including one who was shot as he tried to take a firearm from a soldier .
The agency also reported officials as saying that two other monks had been beaten to death .
A protester who was not a monk had died after being shot , it quoted Yangon General Hospital as saying .
It is not known if these fatalities are the same as those reported by the Democratic Voice of Burma and the National Council of the Union of Burma .
Witnesses said the violent crackdown came as about 100 monks defied a ban by venturing into a cordoned - off area around the Shwedagon Pagoda .
Mark Canning , the British ambassador to Myanmar , told ITN by phone Wednesday that tear gas was used against monks gathered at the pagoda .
" A number of monks were severely beaten , ( and ) there have been two or three volleys of shots across the heads of demonstrators , " he said .
Authorities ordered the crowd to disperse , but witnesses said the monks sat down and began praying , defying the military government 's ban on public assembly .
Do n't Miss World reacts to Myanmar crackdown
World reacts to Myanmar crackdown Bush : U.S. to tighten sanctions on Myanmar
Bush : U.S. to tighten sanctions on Myanmar U.N. envoy to Myanmar urged to meet junta
Security forces at the pagoda " struck out at demonstrators " and attacked " several hundred other monks and supporters , " an opposition Web site detailed .
Authorities ushered away the monks and loaded them into waiting trucks while several hundred onlookers watched , witnesses said .
Some managed to escape and headed toward the Sule Pagoda .
Canning also said the country 's military regime had ordered a dusk - to - dawn curfew .
" I think the question then was whether all these measures would intimidate people into not marching as they had been for the last eight days , and I think the answer is that it did not , " he said .
Canning said about 10,000 people marched Wednesday on the street in front of the British Embassy in Yangon .
" They were a mix of monks and civilians , " the diplomat said .
" They were entirely peaceful , entirely well - behaved .
" There were several monks , for example , whose feet had to be bandaged because they were walking barefoot , in fact they had been walking barefoot now for over a week and they were bleeding , " Canning added .
Opposition reports said that " soldiers with assault rifles have sealed off sacred Buddhist monasteries ... as well as other flashpoints of anti-government protests . "
Aye Chan Naing , speaking to CNN , said that any violence used against monks could draw more of the population into the protests .
" I think it will really anger the general public , " he said .
" It 's a really shocking situation for a lot of people . "
Observers have been preparing for possible violence in Myanmar , where human rights concerns have emerged as an international issue .
" We have no rights , no rights of media , no rights of freedom , no freedom at all , " one man told CNN 's Rivers .
A small but persistent protest movement against the regime began in August after the government hiked fuel prices .
Since then , authorities have arrested several hundred protesters , but demonstrations led by the monks have gone largely unchallenged by the military , which has ruled the country since the 1960s .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown Wednesday underscored that any trampling of human rights would not be accepted .
" The whole world is now watching Burma and this illegal and oppressive regime should know that the whole world will hold it to account , " he said , speaking at the Labour Party conference .
" I want to see all the pressures of the world put on this regime . "
Speaking to the U.N. General Assembly 's annual session Tuesday , U.S. President George W. Bush said his administration will impose stiffer sanctions against the country 's military regime .
" The United States will tighten economic sanctions on the leaders of the regime and their financial backers .
We will impose an expanded visa ban on those responsible for the most egregious violations of human rights , as well as their family members , " he said .
" We will continue to support the efforts of humanitarian groups working to alleviate suffering in Burma ( the country 's traditional name ) and urge the United Nations and all nations to use their diplomatic and economic leverage to help the Burmese people reclaim their freedom . "
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2007 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About Aung San Suu Kyi • Yangon • Myanmar
GWT Conference Just as Microsoft was brushing aside claims that Volta , its latest .NET programming toolkit , is a Google Web Toolkit ( GWT ) clone , Google has disclosed how it plans to open the gap on rivals with the next release of its popular AJAX toolkit .
GWT 1.5 , due in the first quarter of 2008 , will produce " better " JavaScript code than manual programming by the industry 's best and brightest - in terms of speed , size and manageability of code .
GWT 1.5 is also expected to improve compilation of Java code .
GWT co-creator Bruce Johnson told a small gathering of press at this week 's GWT Conference in San Francisco : " Based on our testing now , I 'd say it [ GWT 1.5 ] produces better code than JavaScript experts can produce by hand " .
Johnson called performance a " paramount " issue as networks remain the " weak link " when connecting to online applications and services .
One focus for Google is speed of code compilation .
" Having smart protocols between the device and server is one area where we could focus more engineering effort , " Johnson said .
However , Google is taking a more hands off approach when it comes to building GWT widget libraries .
With GWT licensed under Apache , Google expects the community to build most libraries .
Google will instead focus its efforts on " the most complex libraries , where we can draw on Google 's expertise in the internet . "
Also outside Google 's plans , according to Johnson , is a GWT port to Google Gears and support for Microsoft 's Silverlight , now expected as a second beta next Spring following some version number juggling by Microsoft .
According to Johnson , neither GWT nor Google 's GWT development plans have been adversely impacted by the fact that the browsers GWT applications must straddle have different implementations of cross-industry standards and technologies , like JavaScript and vector graphics .
In fact , he appears to believe these differences create an opportunity for GWT .
GWT was created to solve lingering usability problems with browser - based internet access , such as web site warnings to users not to hit the back button during a transaction even when the transaction has hung , or Postdata messages that serve to confound and alarm the ordinary internet user .
The toolkit has been downloaded " millions " of times , according to Google , although it has no figures on actual uptake .
It does , though , tout Google Maps and Gmail as adopters , along with Lombardi Software 's Blueprint modeling tool , DoubleCheck 's Sarbanes Oxley compliance software , Gpokr and Kdice as applications and services that have been written in AJAX using GWT .
" GWT is about calling out what it is [ wrong ] and saying it must be addressed , " Johnson said .
" Standards are great and we would love it if they were implemented consistently - if they were some of these mistakes would go way for developers ... [ however ] we have to make a choice : do we stick to that standard at the expense of the end user or do [ we do ] what 's best ?
Sometimes a behavior or a particular standard is more efficient in some browsers .
" There will continue to be a role for GWT because there are tangible productivity qualities , " Johnson said . ®
A controversial bill that seeks to reform Canadian copyright laws , expected to be introduced early this week , may be quashed after a groundswell of opposition erupted over the past week .
The government last week filed a notice indicating the bill would be introduced this week , leading industry experts to expect it to happen on Tuesday .
But a spokesperson for Industry MinisterJim Prentice , who was to introduce the bill , said it would not happen on Tuesday and could not say if it would happen this week .
The House of Commons will take a break until January after Friday 's session .
Cory Doctorow , co-editor of influential technology blog Boing Boing and a former director of the Electronic Freedom Foundation advocacy , on Monday wrote that the government 's plan is now in disarray .
" Word is that the minister had no ideathat this would be such a big deal for Canadians , " he wrote .
" Word is that the minister and his advisers are scrambling , rethinking the entire matter because of the public outcry . "
At an open house in his Calgary constituency office on Saturday , Prenticedefended the bill to an angry crowd of about 50by saying it would bring Canada up to date with the World Intellectual Property Organization treaty it signed in 1997 .
Canada signed the treaty but has not yet implemented or ratified it , whichhas provokedcriticismfrom its trading partners , he said .
Critics have said the proposed legislation will mirror the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright
Act and take a hard line against the copying of digital materials , making illegal acts such as the television time shifting enabled by digital video recorders , file - sharing of music and video files , and copying files to DVDs or MP3 players .
Michael Geist , the Canada research chair of internet and e-commerce law at the University of Ottawa , has led the charge against the bill and has accused Prentice of caving in to lobbying from U.S. entertainment companies , who are seeking to curtail digital copying in all its forms .
He has also accused the ministerof ignoring the wishes of regular Canadians and for not including the public in his consultations .
Geist started a Facebook group to protest the bill a week ago , which more than 12,000 people have so far joined .
On his blog Monday , Geist wrote that the group has resulted in hundreds of letters and phone calls to Prentice and other MPs from every political party .
" Something exceptional happened this past week .
Fair copyright in Canada found its voice , " Geist wrote .
" It will be silent no more . "
The previous Liberal government tried to pass its own contentious copyright reform bill , C - 60 , in 2005 but it was quashed when the opposition brought down the minority government in a no-confidence vote .
Doctorow said the public would continue opposing bills that strengthen the rights of copyright holders at the expense of the people .
" We will do it a third time , a fourth , a fifth , and forever , until Canada 's politicians start drafting balanced copyright laws that protect Canadian artists , scholars , critics , schools , libraries and the public interest , " he wrote .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Halliburton , Blackwater , no - bid contracts — the privatization of the war in Iraq is hardly news anymore .
But Iraq For Sale : The War Profiteers , a new documentary on the financial and ethical excesses of private military contractors , still hits home .
The film argues that a handful of contractors —
Blackwater USA , CACI International , Halliburton , Titan , Parsons , Dyncorp International , and Transatlantic Traders — are over - charging the government for shoddy work , and that they ’ve endangered the lives of American soldiers and private citizens in their pursuit of profit .
The documentary also discusses how ex-military and ex-government workers head up these companies and use their connections with key players in the Senate and the House to win contracts without going through the standard bidding process .
The film is the latest release from Robert Greenwald , who previously directed or produced films such as Wal - Mart : The High Cost of Low Price , Outfoxed : Rupert Murdoch ’s War on Journalism , and Uncovered : The War on Iraq .
As with his previous films , Greenwald has continued his grassroots , activist approach to promoting his work .
Approximately 3,000 people donated $ 25 or $ 50 to help pay for the production of the film through Greenwald ’s website .
Fans are encouraged to take action by writing their representatives , and Greenwald claims that fans have taken the initiative to organize 5,000 screenings of the film in homes and meeting halls worldwide .
The exorbitant amount of private companies operating in Iraq — and the cash our government is spending to hire them — is astonishing .
As one interviewee explains , “ There are over 100,000 contractors working in Iraq , Kuwait , and the surrounding area . ”
Many of Greenwald ’s interview subjects echo this point .
“ The war in Iraq has been privatized more than any other war in history , ” a woman says off - camera .
Another off - camera interviewee claims , “ Forty cents out of every dollar Congress controls now goes to private contractors . ”
Most stories on contractor corruption have focused on big - ticket items like oil shipments and construction projects .
But Iraq for Sale reminds us that many of the military ’s most mundane functions have been assumed — and mishandled — by private companies .
Take , for example , water .
Ben Carter , a former water purification specialist for Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg , Brown and Root ( KBR ) , unsuccessfully fights back tears as he admits that the vast majority of KBR ’s water treatment plants in Iraq may have produced unchlorinated or contaminated water .
Soldiers who drank or bathed in the water “ might not come home with a bullet wound , but a lot of them will come home with pathogens in their blood because of Halliburton . ”
Even food and laundry services are cause for suspicion , according to former soldiers interviewed in the film .
For example , the outspoken former U.S. Army National Guardsman Sergeant Millard says that KBR , which operated Army mess halls in Iraq during his service there , refused to implement a 24 - hour serving schedule , even though it might have deterred mealtime attacks by insurgents .
He also criticizes KBR ’s handling of soldiers ’ laundry .
“ [ The contractors ] get $ 99 a bag , for a bag of laundry that I could wash at home for three dollars .
And everything still feels grimy , ” he says , adding , “ If you do n’t know KBR , you ’ve never been to Iraq . ”
The film illustrates the blatant wastefulness of contractors with testimonies about Halliburton executives ordering any faulty materials — including brand - new trucks and SUVs — to be thrown into a “ burn pit ” to be destroyed instead of being fixed .
And the kicker , according to the film , is that stock for Halliburton has quadrupled in value since the war started .
For the record , Halliburton says the film includes “ yet another rehash of inaccurate , recycled information . ”
Greenwald dedicates substantial screen time to Abu Ghraib , by interviewing detainees and former interrogators — both civilian and military — about operations at the prison .
CorpWatch executive director Pratap Chatterjee says that at the time of the abuse scandals , up to half of the interrogators at the prison were private contractors .
Two former detainees , a small businessman and an electrical engineer , report that they were beaten , urinated upon , and sexually abused by men in civilian clothes .
Yet to date , no contractors have been accused of abusing prisoners .
One of the most crucial moments in the film is when a reporter confronts president Bush at a press conference by asking , “ In regards to private military contractors , if the code of military justice does not apply to these companies in Iraq , and I asked your secretary of defense this also , what law does govern their actions ? ”
Bush is unable to answer the question , and in true form , he laughs it off and says he ’ll have to check with his people .
What really drives Greenwald ’s message are testimonies from parents like Donna Zovko , who talks about how angry she is that her son , Jerry , died in Fallujah during an insurgent attack while driving trucks owned by Blackwater that allegedly were not armored .
But as Greenwald ’s interviewees point out early on in the film , the U.S. Army had no sufficient infrastructure to handle basic troop needs like food , laundry , and housing from the get - go , not to mention things like helicopter and tank maintenance .
So that brings up many questions :
How could we have fought this war without private contracts ?
How can this government afford to pay contractors the padded bills we ’re currently paying them ?
When we do finally exit Iraq , how many years will it take to pay off our debt , and will that debt be for sale , too ?
Starz Cinema aired the film July 14 , and the film is now available on DVD .
For additional information about interviewees , a full source list , and a montage of clips showing Greenwald unsuccessfully requesting interviews with company higher - ups , visit Greenwald ’s website .
The Circle Closes In : A shameful campaign By Taner Akçam For many who challenge their government ’s official version of events , slander , e-mailed threats , and other forms of harassment are all too familiar .
As a former Amnesty International prisoner of conscience in Turkey , I should not have been surprised .
But my recent detention at the Montreal airport — apparently on the basis of anonymous insertions in my Wikipedia biography — signals a disturbing new phase in a Turkish campaign of intimidation that has intensified since the November 2006 publication of my book , A Shameful Act : The Armenian Genocide and the Question of Turkish Responsibility ..
At the invitation of the McGill University Faculty of Law and Concordia University , I flew from Minneapolis to Montreal on Friday , February 16 , to lecture on A Shameful Act .
As the Northwest Airlines jet touched down at Trudeau International Airport about 11:20 a.m. , I assumed I had plenty of time to get to campus for the 5:00 p.m. event .
Nearly four hours later , I was still at the airport , detained without any explanation .
“ Where are you going ?
Where are you staying ?
How many days are you staying here ? ” asked the courteous officer from Citizenship and Immigration Canada .
“ Do you have a return ticket ?
Do you have enough money with you ? ”
As the border control authorities were surely aware , I travel frequently to Canada : three or four trips a year since 2000 , most recently with my daughter in October 2006 , just before the publication of A Shameful Act .
Not once in all that time had I been singled out for interrogation .
“ I ’m not sure myself why you need to be detained , ” the officer finally admitted .
“ After making some phone calls , I ’ll let you know . ”
While he was gone , my cell phone rang .
The friend who had arranged to pick me up at the airport had gotten worried when I failed to emerge from Customs .
I explained the situation as well as I could , asking him to inform my hosts , the Centre for Human Rights and Legal Pluralism at McGill and the Montreal Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies at Concordia , that I might be late for the lecture .
The Zoryan Institute and the Armenian Students ’ Associations of Montreal , co-presenters of the event , would also need to be updated .
The immigration officer returned with a strange request : could I help him figure out why I was being detained ?
You ’re the one detaining me , I was tempted to say .
If you do n’t know the reason , how do you expect me to know ?
You tell me .
It was like a scene from Atom Egoyan ’s Ararat .
I knew better than to challenge him , giving the impression that I had something to hide .
“ Let me guess , ” I answered .
“ Do you know who Hrant Dink was ?
Did you hear about the Armenian journalist who was killed in Istanbul ? ”
He had n’t .
“ I ’m a historian , ” I explained .
“ I work on the subject of the Armenian Genocide of 1915 .
There ’s a very heavy campaign being waged by extreme nationalist and fascist forces in Turkey against those individuals who are critical of the events that occurred in 1915 .
Hrant Dink was killed because of it .
The lives of people like me are in danger because of it .
Orhan Pamuk , Turkey ’s Nobel Laureate , could n’t tolerate the attacks against him and had to leave the country .
Many intellectuals in Turkey are now living under police protection . ”
The officer took notes .
“ In connection with these attacks there has been a serious campaign against me in the U.S. , ” I went on .
“ I know that the groups running this campaign are given directives and are controlled by the Turkish diplomats .
They spread propaganda stating that I am a member of a terrorist organization .
Some rumors to that effect must have reached you . ”
The officer continued to write .
“ For your information , in 1976 , while I was a master ’s degree student and teaching assistant at Middle East Technical University , I was arrested for articles I had written in a journal and sentenced to eight years and nine months in prison .
I later escaped to Germany , where I became a citizen .
The Turkish criminal statute that was the basis for my prosecution , together with similar laws , was repealed in 1991 .
I travel to Turkey freely now and went there most recently for Hrant Dink ’s funeral . ”
The officer finished his notes .
“ I ’m sorry , but I have to make some more phone calls , ” he said , and left .
My cell phone rang again .
It was McGill legal scholar Payam Akhavan , an authority on human rights and genocide , who was to have introduced my lecture .
Apologizing for my situation , Prof .
Akhavan let me know that he ’d contacted the offices of Canadian Minister of Public Safety Stockwell Day and Secretary of State for Multiculturalism and Canadian Identity Jason Kenney .
Bishop Bagrat Galstanian , Primate of the Diocese of the Armenian Church of Canada , also called to confirm that he too had been in touch with Secretary Kenney ’s office .
I was going to be released .
About 3:30 p.m. the officer returned with a special one - week visa .
Upon my insistence that I had a right to know exactly why I had been detained , he showed me a sheet of paper with my photograph on top and a short block of text , in English , below .
I recognized the page at once .
The photo was a still from the 2005 documentary Armenian Genocide : 90 Years Later , a co-production of the University of Minnesota Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and Twin Cities Public Television .
A series of outtakes from the film , originally posted on the CHGS website , could be found on the popular Internet video site YouTube and elsewhere in cyberspace .
The still photo and the text beneath it comprised my biography in the English - language edition of Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia which anyone in the world can modify at any time .
For the last year — - most recently on Christmas Eve , 2006 -— my Wikipedia biography had been persistently vandalized by anonymous “ contributors ” intent on labeling me as a terrorist .
The same allegations had been repeatedly scrawled , like gangland graffiti , as “ customer reviews ” of A Shameful Act and my other books at www.Amazon.com.
It was unlikely , to say the least , that a Canadian immigration officer found out that I was coming to Montreal , took the sole initiative to research my identity on the Internet , discovered the archived Christmas Eve version of my Wikipedia biography , printed it out seven weeks later on February 16 , and showed it to me — voila !
— as a result .
The fact was that my upcoming lecture had been publicized well in advance in the Canadian print and broadcast media .
An announcement had even been inserted in Wikipedia five days before my arrival .
Moreover , two Turkish - American websites hostile to my work — the 500 - page Tall Armenian Tale and the 19,000 - member Turkish Forum listserv — had been hinting for months that my “ terrorist ” activities ought to be of interest to American immigration authorities .
It seemed far more likely that one or more individuals had seized the opportunity to denounce me to the Canadians .
Although I was forced to cancel two radio interviews , I made it to the McGill campus in time to lecture on A Shameful Act .
On Sunday , February 18 , before boarding my return flight to Minneapolis , I was detained for another hour .
It was obvious that the American customs and border authorities knew what had happened at the adjacent offices on the Canadian side .
“ Mr. Akçam , ” I was gently advised , “ if you do n’t retain an attorney and correct this issue , every entry and exit from the country is going to be problematic .
We recommend that you do not travel in the meantime and that you try to get this information removed from your customs dossier . ”
The well - meaning American customs official could hardly have known the extent of the problem .
Wikipedia and Amazon are but two examples .
Allegations against me , posted mainly by the Assembly of Turkish American Associations ( ATAA ) , Turkish Forum , and Tall Armenian Tale , have been copy - pasted and recycled throughout innumerable websites and e-groups ever since I arrived in America .
By now , for example , my name in close proximity to the English word “ terrorist ” turns up in well over 10,000 web pages .
The first salvo in this campaign came in response to the English translation of my essay , “ The Genocide of the Armenians and the Silence of the Turks . ”
In a sensational March 19 , 2001 , commentary from the ATAA Turkish Times ( “ From Terrorism to Armenian Propagandist : The Taner Akçam Story ” ) , one Mustafa Artun introduced me to Turkish - Americans as a mastermind of terrorist violence , including the assassinations of American and NATO military personnel .
Posted at the ATAA Web site in April 2001 and circulated via Turkish Forum in December 2001 and June 2003 — my protests notwithstanding —
“ The Taner Akçam Story ” ended up by March 2004 at Tall Armenian
Tale next to a photo of a PKK member , which was captioned as “ a younger Taner Akçam , from www.PKK.org.”
Three years later , the photo has been updated , but Artun ’s commentary remains , a frequently cited resource for copy - pasters .
As further evidence of my “ terrorist ” past , Tall Armenian Tale posted a detailed chronology related to incidents of arrest , on dates that even I can’t remember , for leafleting and postering in my student movement days .
Whoever provided this information failed to note , however , that people were frequently arrested for such activities even after official permission had been obtained .
An entire nine - page section of Tall Armenian Tale is now dedicated to vilifying me and my work , and well over 200 pages of that denialist site mention my name .
Next came an announcement from Turkish Forum : “ For the attention of friends in Minnesota … .
Taner Akçam has started working in America … .
It is expected that the conferences about so called Genocide will increase in and around Minnesota .
Please follow the Armenian ( Taner Akçam ’s ) activities very closely . ”
My contact information at home and at work was conveniently provided “ in case people would like to send their ‘ greetings ’ to this traitor . ”
Soon enough , harassing e-mails were sent anonymously to my employer , the University of Minnesota , and to me personally .
A profile of the Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and its director , my colleague Stephen Feinstein , was added to Tall Armenian Tale .
With the publication of A Shameful Act , the circle began to close in .
On November 1 , 2006 , the City University of New York Center for the Humanities organized a gathering at the CUNY Graduate Center to introduce my book .
Before I rose to speak , unauthorized leaflets bearing an assault rifle , skull , and the communist hammer and sickle were distributed in the hall .
In rhetoric obviously inspired by Mustafa Artun ’s commentary , I was labeled as a “ former terrorist leader ” and a fanatic enemy of America who had organized “ attacks against the United States ” and was “ responsible for the death of American citizens . ”
As soon as I finished my lecture , a pack of some 15 to 20 individuals , who had strategically positioned themselves in small groups throughout the hall , tried to break up the meeting .
Brandishing pictures of corpses ( either Muslims killed by revenge - seeking Armenians in 1919 or Kurdish victims of Iraqi gas attacks on the town of Halabja in 1988 ) , they loudly demanded to know why I had not lectured on the deaths of “ a million Muslims . ”
Shouting and swearing in Turkish and English , they completely disrupted the discussion in the lecture hall and the book - signing session nearby .
I was verbally assaulted as a “ terrorist - communist ” and lashed with the vilest Turkish profanities .
Two individuals dogged my footsteps from the podium to the elevator doors , howling , “ We are the soldiers of Alparslan Türkeş !
” ( A Turkish politician who was arrested in 1944 for spreading Nazi propaganda , Türkeş later founded the Nationalist Movement Party . )
The security guards surrounding me had to intervene when I was physically attacked .
A month later , on December 4 , I was scheduled to speak at another New York event , a symposium at Yeshiva University ’s Cardozo School of Law on “ Denying Genocide : Law , Identity and Historical Memory in the Face of Mass Atrocity . ”
As if to illustrate this very theme , a 4,400 - word letter signed by Turkish Forum ’s Ibrahim Kurtulus “ on behalf of Dr. Ata Erim the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Federation of Turkish American Association , FTAA and Dr. Kaya Buyukataman the President of Turkish Forum ” was sent to the law school dean and faculty three weeks in advance , urging the cancellation of the symposium and labeling me as “ a propagandistic tool of the Armenians . ”
Two days later , on November 19 , Turkish Forum published an 800 - word letter to the dean from Turkish - American activist Ergun Kirlikovali , who characterized me as “ a convicted terrorist in Turkey … one of the leaders of an armed and clandestine group advocating a Marxist - Leninist takeover of Turkish Republic caught red-handed in a bombing plot in late 1970s … part of a group which bombed the limousine of the American ambassador Comer in Ankara in 1969 …
He is in America probably illegally . ”
Gusan Yedic of Turkish Forum posted further “ terrorist ” allegations about me on November 24 , with this sarcastic admonition : “ The friends who are going to attend the concert of Taner Akçam and his orchestra at Yeshiva University are earnestly requested to behave in a gentlemanly manner .
Attendees are obliged to follow black - tie party rules . ”
On November 30 , Turkish Forum mobilized an e-mail campaign against the “ Taner Akçam conference . ”
Members were also urged to attend the symposium and a “ pre-meeting for Turks , ” coordinated by Ibrahim Kurtulus .
I forwarded this information to the event organizers with a request that appropriate precautions be taken .
I let them know that if they were going to allow intruders from Turkish Forum to leaflet my presentation and disrupt the symposium , I was n’t going to participate .
Yeshiva was concerned .
An organizer who had attended the CUNY gathering on November 1 assured me that security would be increased .
As a pre-emptive step , the event committee informed the Turkish Consulate that the law school symposium was intended to be general in scope , comparative and scholarly in approach , and not focused on either Taner Akçam or Turkey .
They made it clear that any disruption similar to the CUNY incident would not put Turkey in a favorable light .
A Turkish consular official disavowed any government involvement in the disruption at CUNY , which he attributed to “ the actions of civilians ” in grassroots organizations .
There was nothing the Consulate could do about them , he said .
The organizers stressed that they intended to take extra security precautions and that the Consulate ought to think hard about what would happen if the symposium was invaded and its participants attacked .
Just one day before the symposium there was another phone conversation between the Turkish consular official and the organizers .
He assured them that no disruption would take place and only two or three Turkish representatives would attend .
The government kept its word .
The symposium was peaceful and no leaflets were distributed .
The Turkish consular official attended with ATAA President - elect Gunay Evinch , both of whom were scrupulously polite .
It was as though three intense weeks of mobilization had never happened .
For many Turkish intellectuals , freedom of speech has become a struggle in North America as well as in our native country .
What is happening to me now could happen to any scholar who dissents from the official state version of history .
Since my return from Montreal , the Canadian immigration authorities have refused to say exactly why I was detained .
As a result , I am unable to face my accusers or examine whatever “ evidence ” may be filed against me .
Although I have formally requested access both to my Canadian and American dossiers — a process that could take months — I have had to cancel all international appearances .
Meanwhile , my Wikipedia biography and Amazon book pages remain open to malicious insertions at any time .
Nevertheless , my American book tour continues under tightened security .
Although it is stressful and very sad to have to lecture under police protection , I have no intention of canceling any of my domestic appearances .
After all , the United States is not the Republic of Turkey .
The Turkish authorities whether directly or through their grassroots agents have no right to harass scholars exercising their academic freedom of speech at American universities .
Throughout my life I have learned in unforgettable ways the worth of such freedom , and I intend to use it at every opportunity .
Taner Akçam – Turkish intellectual , professor at the University of Minnesota , and the author of A Shameful Act : The Armenian Genocide and the Question of Turkish Responsibility – recently became the subject of a formal complaint under Turkey ’s Penal Code Article 301 : the same “ crime ” of “ insulting Turkishness ” for which Hrant Dink was tried and found guilty by the Turkish judiciary .
March 17 , 2007
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) - Chocolate chip cookies baking in the oven .
Fresh cut grass .
Your spouse ’s natural body odor .
Smells can invoke memories , sexually arouse people , or even drive you mad .
A man walks under an umbrella during rain in the centre of Berlin July 4 , 2007 .
Chocolate chip cookies baking in the oven .
Fresh cut grass .
Your spouse 's natural body odor .
Smells can invoke memories , sexually arouse people , or even drive you mad .
REUTERS / Hannibal Hanschke
Psychology professor Rachel Herz from Brown University in Rhode Island has spent 17 years studying the human sense of smell , finding it is the most emotionally evocative sense and the one most closely tied to mental health and happiness .
In a new book , “ The Scent of Desire , ” she argues Michael Hutchence , frontman of Australian rock band INXS , may have been driven into a deep depression after losing his sense of smell in an accident which may have contributed to his 1997 suicide .
“ This is a famous rock star who had everything but lost his sense of smell .
This , in some people , can trigger a serious depression that gets worse over time , ” Herz told Reuters ahead of the release of her book this week .
“ Smells really can alter and influence our moods and behaviors .
There ’s no question that from a rudimentary survival basis vision is the most important sense for humans but for quality of life it is probably the most important sense . ”
Herz said she was struck by the importance of smell when acting as an expert witness in a court case for a woman who lost her sense of smell after suffering severe head injuries in a car accident .
The woman , who was aged in her 20s with a good career , explained how losing her sense of smell affected everything in her life from her ability to be a homemaker , to being intimate with husband , to her paranoia about her body .
“ That really hit home with me , ” said Herz .
Over the years ,
Herz has conducted numerous surveys and tests to gauge the psychological importance of smell .
For while taste is only bitter , salty , sour , sweet and umami or savory , all flavors come from smell , so without smell you ca n’t taste the difference between an apple and a potato , or a glass of red wine and a cup of cold coffee .
Herz discovered you ca n’t smell when you are in a deep sleep which underlines the need for auditory smoke alarms .
She also discovered that people do not have an innate reaction to smell and all responses to smell are learned .
“ I was once told by someone she hated the smell of roses because the first time she smelled roses was at her mother ’s funeral .
That has stuck with me , ” she said .
When it came to gender differences , she found women had a keener nose than men on average .
A survey she conducted in 2002 of 99 men and 99 women found that women ranked how a man smells as more important than anything else in terms of their sexual attraction to him , outranking all social features except for pleasantness .
Men , however , rated how a woman ’s looks as more important and as second only in importance to a women being pleasant .
“ But interestingly women ’s response to fragrance was equivalent to their response to men ’s body odor so if a man is wearing a fragrance they like that does the trick , ” she said .
“ Our emotional , physical and even sexual lives are profoundly shaped by both our reactions to and interpretations of different smells . ”
Keith Olbermann 's Special Comment tonight is without a doubt , one of his hardest hitting and most emotional to date .
Keith absolutely lays waste to President Bush 's lies and rhetoric about the surge .
He contrasts his callous disregard for the truth and the troops between his six hour photo op in Iraq and the interview with Draper released this weekend .
This video is a must - see , hold on to your hats .
Download Download
And there it is , sir .
We 've caught you .
Your goal is not to bring some troops home -- maybe -- if we let you have your way now ;
Your goal is not to set the stage for eventual withdrawal ;
You are , to use your own disrespectful , tone - deaf word , playing at getting the next Republican nominee to agree to jump into this bottomless pit with you , and take us with him , as we stay in Iraq for another year , and another , and another , and anon .
Transcripts below the fold :
Finally tonight , a Special Comment about Mr. Bush 's trip , and his startling admission of the true motive for this war , which was revealed in his absence .
And so he is back from his annual surprise gratuitous photo - op in Iraq , and what a sorry spectacle it was .
But it was nothing compared to the spectacle of one unfiltered , unguarded , horrifying quotation in the new biography to which Mr. Bush has consented .
As he deceived the troops at Al - Asad Air Base yesterday with the tantalizing prospect that some of them might not have to risk being killed and might get to go home , Mr. Bush probably did not know that , with his own words , he had already proved that he had been lying -- is lying ... will be lying -- about Iraq .
He presumably did not know , that there had already appeared those damning excerpts from Robert Draper 's book " Dead Certain . "
" I 'm playing for October - November , " Mr. Bush said to Draper .
That , evidently , is the time during which , he thinks he can sell us the real plan .
Which is , to quote him : " To get us in a position where the presidential candidates , will be comfortable about sustaining a presence . "
Comfortable , that is , with saying about Iraq , again quoting the President , " stay longer . "
And there it is , sir .
We 've caught you .
Your goal is not to bring some troops home -- maybe -- if we let you have your way now ;
Your goal is not to set the stage for eventual withdrawal ;
You are , to use your own disrespectful , tone - deaf word , playing at getting the next Republican nominee to agree to jump into this bottomless pit with you , and take us with him , as we stay in Iraq for another year , and another , and another , and anon .
Everything you said about Iraq yesterday , and everything you will say , is a deception , for the purpose of this one cynical , unacceptable , brutal goal -- perpetuating this war indefinitely .
War today , war tomorrow , war forever !
And you are playing at it !
Playing !
A man with any self - respect , having inadvertently revealed such an evil secret , would have already resigned and fled the country !
You have no remaining credibility about Iraq , sir .
And yet , yesterday at Al - Asad , Mr. Bush kept playing -- and this time , using the second of his two faces .
The President told reporters , " They , ( General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker ) " tell me if the kind of success we are now seeing continues , it will be possible to maintain the same level of security with fewer American forces . "
And so , Mr. Bush got his fraudulent headlines today : " Bush May Bring Some Troops Home . "
While the reality is , we know from what he told Draper , that the President 's true hope is that they will not come home ; but that they will stay there , because he is keeping them there now , in hope that those from his political party fighting to succeed him , will prolong this unendurable disaster into the next decade .
But , to a country dying of thirst , the President seemed to vaguely promise a drink from a full canteen -- a promise predicated on the assumption that he is not lying .
Yet you are lying , Mr. Bush .
Again .
But now , we know why .
You gave away more of yourself than you knew in the Draper book
And you gave away more still , on the arduous trip back out of Iraq -- hours in the air , without so much as a single vacation .
" If you look at my comments over the past eight months , " you told reporters , " it 's gone from a security situation -- in the sense that we 're either going to get out and there will be chaos , or , more troops .
Now , the situation has changed , where I 'm able to speculate on the hypothetical . "
Mr. Bush , the only " hypothetical " here is that you are not now holding our troops hostage .
You have no intention of withdrawing them .
But that does n't mean you can't pretend you 're thinking about it , does it ?
That is your genius , sir -- as you see it , anyway .
You can deduce what we want -- we , the people , remember us ? -- and then use it against us .
You can hold that canteen up and promise it to the parched nation .
And the untold number of Americans whose lives have not been directly blighted by Iraq -- or who do not realize that their safety has been reduced and not increased by Iraq -- they will get the bullet points : ' Bush is thinking about bringing some troops home .
Bush even went to Iraq .'
You can fool some of the people all of the time , ca n't you , Mr. Bush ?
You are playing us !
And as for the most immediate victims of the President 's perfidy and shameless manipulation -- those troops , yesterday sweating literally as he spoke at Al - Asad Air Base ...
Tonight , again sweating figuratively in The Valley Of The Shadow Of Death ...
The President saved , for them , the most egregious " playing " in the entire trip .
" I want to tell you this about the decision , about my decision about troop levels .
Those decisions will be based on a calm assessment by our military commanders on the conditions on the ground -- not a nervous reaction by Washington politicians to poll results in the media . "
One must compliment Mr. Bush 's writer .
That , perhaps , was the mostly perfectly crafted phrase of his Presidency .
For depraved indifference to Democracy , for the craven projection of political motives onto those trying to save lives and save a nation , for a dismissal of the value of the polls and the importance of the media ... for a summary of all he does not hold dear about this nation or its people -- nothing ... could top that .
As if , sir , you listened to all the " calm assessments " of our military commanders -- rather than firing the ones who dared say The Emperor Has No Clothes , and The President , No Judgment ;
As if , sir , your entire presidency was not a " nervous reaction " , and you yourself , nothing but a Washington politician ;
As if , sir , " the media " does not largely divide into those parts your minions are playing , and those others who unthinkingly and uncritically serve as your echo chamber , at a time when the nation 's future may depend on the airing of dissent .
And as if , sir , those polls were not so overwhelming , and not so clearly reflective of the nation 's agony and the nation 's insistence .
But this President has ceased to listen .
This President has decided that night is day , and death is life , and enraging the world against us , is safety .
And this laziest of Presidents , actually interrupted his precious time off to fly to Iraq to play at a photo opportunity with soldiers , some of whom will -- on his orders -- be killed before the year , maybe the month , is out .
Just over 500 days remain in this Presidency .
Consider the dead who have piled up on the battlefield in these last 500 days .
Consider the singular fraudulence of this President 's trip to Iraq yesterday , and the singular fraudulence of the selling of the Petraeus Report in these last 500 days .
Consider how this President has torn away at the fabric of this nation in a manner of which terrorists can only dream in these last 500 days .
And consider again how this President has spoken to that biographer : that he is " playing for October - November . "
The goal in Iraq is " To get us in a position where the presidential candidates will be comfortable about sustaining a presence " and consider how this revelation contradicts every other rationale he has offered in these last 500 days .
In the context of all that ... now , consider ... these next 500 days .
Mr. Bush , our presence in Iraq must end .
Even if it means your resignation .
Even if it means your impeachment .
Even if it means a different Republican to serve out your term .
Even if it means a Democratic Congress -- and those true Patriots among the Republicans -- standing up and denying you another penny for Iraq , other than for the safety and the safe conduct home of our troops .
This country cannot run the risk of what you can still do to this country in the next 500 days ...
Not while you , sir ... are playing .
Stewart : Romneys ' willing to give up all five of their boys for the Romney campaign ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday August 9 , 2007
Print This Email This
When asked why none of his five sons is serving in the military or helping to fight a war that he supports , former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney answered , " One of the ways my sons are showing support for the nation is helping me get elected . "
On Wednesday 's Daily Show , Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart mocked the Republican presidential candidate 's response .
" That they 're willing to give up all five of their boys for the Romney campaign ... " commented Stewart .
" Who knows what kind of post - traumatic care these boys will need after the election ?
I guess the only good news is that if something happens to four of the boys ... the fifth will be allowed to go home and just do phone bank . "
Later in the show , Stewart welcomed as his guest Sen. Joe Biden ( D - DE ) and asked him , " Are you willing to announce ... that you are willing to have your son leave the National Guard and come support America by working for Mitt Romney ? "
The following video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast on August 8 .
My blog for fashion , beauty , and everything else ...
Now that school has started , many parents find themselves struggling to shift their kids back to a working routine .
As they shave off time for TV and the Internet to make way for schoolwork , parents may want to add extra for that other big contributor to success at school : sleep .
Recent research on kids has connected the importance of sleep not only to cognition , but to behavior and mood as well .
While much is unknown about how the brain develops , some researchers theorize that the REM , or rapid eye movement , phase of sleep is when the brain produces and consolidates neural networks for memory and cognition .
It 's a kind of " formatting of the brain , " says Ralph Downey , chief of sleep medicine at Loma Linda University and Children 's Hospital in Southern California and a spokesperson for the American Academy of Sleep Medicine .
Before the age of 6 , a typical child will require between 12 and 13 hours of sleep per night , says Judith Owens , associate professor of pediatrics at Brown University and a noted expert on childhood sleep disorders .
At age 6 , 10 to 11 hours are needed .
While the amount of sleep necessary drops once kids reach adolescence , Owens notes , " they still need at least nine hours under ideal circumstances . "
What if they come up short ?
A sleep - deprived child 's reaction is often different from the low energy and sleepiness experienced by adults .
" Reducing the amount of hours a child sleeps manifests itself in the child becoming wired and hyperexcitable — exhibiting behavior similar to children with attention deficit disorder , " says David Gozal , director of the pediatric sleep program at the University of Louisville in Kentucky .
Kids ' emotions may become erratic , says Gozal , and they may be less apt to listen or pay attention .
Researchers at the University of Montreal report that a study of young children showed that those who slept significantly fewer hours than the recommended 10 were more hyperactive and impulsive than those who got plenty of shuteye and scored lower on two cognitive skills tests .
That does n't bode well for harmony with the teacher .
" Our results indicate that a modest but chronic reduction of just one hour of sleep nightly in early childhood can affect the child 's cognitive performance at school entry , " says Dominique Petit , a sleep researcher and coauthor of the study .
She thinks there 's a critical period in early childhood when the lack of sleep is particularly detrimental to development , even if sleep habits improve later on .
But moving " lights out " earlier can be a big challenge .
Mark Goetting , a sleep medicine specialist and medical director of the Sleep Health Center in Portage , Mich. , offers some recommendations :
Create positive associations with going to bed .
" Often , parents will say to a child , ' You can stay up as long as you 're good , ' or , ' If you do n't do what I say , you 're going to bed . '
It 's not healthy to associate going to bed with punishment , " says Goetting .
" Parents and children will begin to see bedtime as a power struggle . "
And , of course , both want to win .
Establish a wind - down period before bed .
A routine ( like reading stories ) can let a child know that he 's headed toward bedtime and can help him slow down .
Construct a bedroom environment that promotes sleep .
" A bedroom should not be a terribly stimulating place , " says Goetting .
So move the televisions , bright lights , and toys .
Animated Photoshop selection on a web page !
When part of an image is selected in Photoshop , the area is highlighted by an animated dashed line .
Now I 've figured out a way to get exactly the same effect on any web page !
Here 's a demo :
Most people will recognise this paragraph is selected because of the animated dashed line surrounding it .
Photoshop is not the only application to use this convention , selected areas are represented in most programs the same way .
This selected box is also completely dynamic .
If you change the size of your browser or enlarge the page text , the box dimensions will adjust to compensate .
Give it a try !
We can also select shapes in images
The image above has three selected areas .
The selection animation is exactly the same as we see in Photoshop .
Animated selection is useful for making parts of your web page stand out above everything else , and it can also alert users to their current position on the page .
Before we look at some more examples of this effect let 's see how it 's done .
So how does the selection effect work ?
The key behind the selection effect is a small black and white animated gif image .
It 's only eight pixels square and less than half a kilobyte in file size .
Here it is : and if that 's a bit hard to see , here it is again , ten times bigger :
Download a zipped copy of the selection gif ( selection.zip - 273kb )
The trick with selection is in the layering .
We start with a div that has the selection gif as a background image .
This background is set to repeat - all so the animation tessellates , completely filling the div .
Inside this , we put another div with a white background colour and a margin set to one pixel .
This second div sits on top of the first one and completely covers the selection animation except for a one - pixel gap around the edge .
This gap is important .
The animation is visible through this space and we are left with the familiar animated dashed line of a select box .
Here is an animation showing how the layering works :
With images , the process is the same except the image replaces the top div .
Simply make your image transparent where you want the selection effect to be visible and the animation will show through .
Naturally , this will only work with image types that support transparency - so stick to gif and png files .
Adding the select effect to an image using Photoshop
First open the image , duplicate the background layer so layer one contains your image , then turn off the visibility of the background .
Next , make sure you have ' Anti- aliased ' turned off , then select the area you want in your image using any of the select tools .
Now , create a new layer above your image and make it the active layer .
From the edit menu choose ' Stroke ' , set the width to one pixel and the location to ' Inside ' .
Click ' OK ' and a line will be drawn on the top layer exactly where we want to make our image transparent .
Pick the magic wand tool , set the tolerance to zero and ensure anti-aliasing is still off , then select anywhere outside of the stroke we just added .
Now invert our selection so only the stroke is selected : Select Â » Invert .
Next make our main image the active layer then press delete to clear that part of our image ( make it transparent ) .
Hide the stroke layer so we can see the result .
You should see white and grey checkers in the transparent area - this is the default pattern for transparency in Photoshop .
The final thing to do is convert the image to indexed colour : Image Â » Mode Â » Indexed colour .
Make sure ' Transparency ' is on and save it as a gif ( or png ) .
You 're done !
With a bit of practice you will be able to do all types of tricky selection effects .
Interesting uses of the selection effect
Now we understand how it 's done , let 's look at the many different things we can do with selection :
A menu with hovered selection
Move your mouse over the menu below to highlight each link with an animated select box .
This menu is a simple styled list of links with the selection animation as the background image on each li ( line item ) .
The links have a green background colour that covers the animation but when you hover over the link a one - pixel margin reveals the select effect around the edge .
Highlight selected radio buttons
Check the radio buttons below and your choice will be highlighted by a select box : ( requires JavaScript )
Adobe Photoshop Adobe Illustrator Adobe Flash
Highlight focused text fields
Fill in the form below and each field will be highlighted by a select box when it is in focus : ( requires JavaScript )
Enter your name Your city Favourite colour
Hovered images with selected areas
Hover over this photo to see the real George Bush :
The above trick is quite simple to do .
There are actually two images of George joined together , one is normal , the other has transparent lines where you see the selection effect .
By default the normal one is visible and it blocks out all of the selection pattern below but when you hover over over the link the background position moves so the transparent one comes into view revealing the animation .
If you are interested you can learn more about this CSS sprites method at A List Apart .
Highlighting table rows
Hover over the table below to see the rows highlighted by the select effect .
( requires JavaScript )
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 12 34 15 166 11 1 341 54 14 305 198 12 932 65 8 289 290 112 41 1901 7 190 932 13 14 76 274 229 103 321
Animated images with selection
For a really cool effect use an animated image to show the selected area moving .
This would be especially useful for Photoshop tutorials where you need to show exactly how to select a part of a picture .
The rest is up to you
This is just a taste of what can be done with the select box effect .
Why not download the animated selection image and see what you can create !
Cross -Browser compatible
The methods described above will work on all common web browsers because they are constructed in simple HTML and CSS .
As noted some demos also require JavaScript to be enabled .
لعبة الورق التي يكبر الكثير من الناس هي الحرب .
إ نها لعبة بسيطة جدًا تستند ...
Python for Kids is a lighthearted introduction to the Python language and to programming in general , complete with illustrations and kid-friendly examples .
We begin with the basics of how to install Python and write simple commands .
In bite - sized chapters , you 'll discover the essentials of Python , including how to use Python 's extensive standard library , the difference between strings and lists , and using for - loops and while - loops .
By the end of the book , readers have built a couple of games and created drawings with Python 's graphics library , Tkinter .
Each chapter closes with fun and relevant exercises that challenge the reader to put their newly acquired knowledge to the test .
Published , December 2012 , by No Starch Press .
Available from :
International translations :
Looking for solutions to the Programming Puzzles in the book ?
Download the PDF .
Having trouble with some of the example code , or do n't want to type it all in ?
Download the code snippets here .
The errata for the book can be found here .
Looking for more help ?
Check the blog posts about the book .
Read the book ?
Looking for a further challenge ?
Why not try out the online Programming Puzzles .
Please help today !
Please make your donations here .
Donations go to keep our servers running .
See our financial report .
A Supportive Community of Writers in a Wikipedia - like Setting
Welcome to Citizendium , a wiki for providing free knowledge where authors use their real names .
We welcome anyone who wants to share their knowledge by writing and improving articles on virtually any subject .
Our online community prides itself on being congenial and supportive .
See Recent Changes — an overview of articles we are writing now .
Become a member - - it 's free !
Our help system and forum Questions and answers to help you find the information you need
Sol Sanders Archive Flashback : Nov. 9 : Pakistan's ' perfect storm ' a history test for policymakers
Never was that old mock - adage so relevant : history begins when the Americans arrive .
The most frightening thing about the current bloody crisis in Pakistan is to listen to the American TV networks hyperventilating with their own gaseous commentators , or often worse , interviewing so - called instant experts .
Many of the Inside - the - Beltway telerrati know little or nothing of the country ’s history but nevertheless are available to pontificate .
This self - intoxicating lather of the American media is not a small element in the current crisis .
These kind of commentaries in the world of instant communication feed back to the already over plentitude of nihilism and confusion inside the country itself , a phenomenon which defies all sound barriers .
Also In This Edition
All through the morning of the happening one waited impatiently for the various TV talking heads to remember that President Pervez Musharraf , himself , had been victim of three [ publicly known ] assassination attempts in recent memory .
For it does lend a little credence to the thought escaping most of the commentators that any of the major Pakistani cities — at best always near chaos for all the usual reasons of poverty , corruption and misgovernance in the Third World — are a setting made for just such violence .
Musharraf was , after all , attacked in a military convoy in the same general area where former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto met her death , significantly the most important military cantonment in Pakistan .
Unless you are in a Martian cloud of conspiracy theories , so much for answering the immediate and rampant indictment of Musharraf for not offering enough “ protection ” to Bhutto .
Given Pakistani conditions there can be little surefire protection against such fanatical acts of violence against the leadership .
As to accusing an allied and friendly foreign head of state and government of direct implication , as many of the in - house anchors and their invited guests did without a shred of evidence , it is to say the least , outrageously cavalier .
Nor , apparently , did it occur to any of the illustrious commentators that Musharraf , were he not moronic , would be the last one to want the kind of crisis which has arisen from Bhutto ’s martyrdom .
Or remembering that Bhutto had virtually invited an earlier attack when on her homecoming last fall she insisted on a parade into downtown Karchi from the airport rather than a helicopter lift , leading to an almost successful attempt then on her life .
Only U.S. Ambassador to the UN John Bolton had the good sense immediately to point out that the State Dept. midget Michaevelians and their Georgetown lobbyist hanger - ons who have been on an orgy of pressuring for “ democracy ” in Pakistan [ and some on Bhutto ’s payroll ] , have contributed to the present crisis .
When it became clear last year that Musharraf had failed in his effort in the Northwest Frontier Province and the Tribal areas to do virtually what U.S. Gen .
David Petraeus seems successfully to have done with the Iraqi Sunni insurgency – co-opt it with money and an occasional military strike around the ears – it was clear that the wind was up .
That old British Indian strategy had been more or less successful in the days of the raj and since by all the Pakistani governments .
It was the alternative to coping with what could easily turn into a bitter and limitless guerrilla war in the regions along the Pakistan - Afghanistan border which have never known peace even before Alexander trounced through , thought better of it , and turned back almost 2500 years ago .
In the new world of state of the art communication with telephone and internet and mobility of a huge Pakistan - Indian Moslem diaspora in the Middle East , Europe , North America , Southeast Asia and Australasia , employed by the international terrorists , the old solution no longer works – at least not on the minor scale Musharraf tried it .
[ The U.S. Congress is now considering a massive $ 750 - million five - year program to try to perhaps accomplish it on a larger scale . ]
But it has to be remembered that Afghanistan , even with U.S. and NATO forces , cannot police its side of the disputed border on the map but which runs right through tribal groups and is largely fictitious .
Insisting as Washington has that Musharraf make a deal with Bhutto , and perhaps even worse , welcome back Nawaz Sharif , another equally incompetent and corrupt former prime minister , who has Islamicist and [ surprise ! surprise !]
Saudi backing , was a strategy for catastrophe .
Elections in Pakistan under the best circumstances in the past have been found wanting .
[ Ayub Khan , perhaps Pakistan ’s most successful ruler , albeit a military dictator , in the 60s tried to set up a staggered village to the top stepped up electoral structure which collapsed , like all the others . ]
Forcing them in a time of increasing civil unrest , a resuscitation of the Taliban insurgency in the border regions with Afghanistan , an insurgency in the Baluchistan west , and continued probable disloyalty in the security organs , and perhaps even in parts of the military , was throwing oil on the flames .
[ Significantly , Rashid Rauf , a key suspect in the alleged plot to blow up trans -Atlantic jetliners wanted by both British and American authorities , and whom earlier the Indians had release after he took hostages a hijacking , escaped from a Pakistan jail only days before Bhutto ’s death , apparently with connivance from his jailers . ]
At the moment , for better or for worse , only Musharraf and his senior military stand between a creaking alliance with America and the Hamasization of Pakistan .
[ The reverberatuions of such a breakdown in Pakistan would create a new and bewildering crisis for India with its Muslim population of more than 160 million larger than Islamabad’s .
Nor is it clear what effect it would have on China , in alliance with Pakistan on a my enemy ’s enemy is my friend basis . ]
Attempting in Washington to micromanage Pakistani domestic politics [ with often Indian inputs ] is a little like running an Iowa Democratic Party caucus from Washington .
But that is what Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice , a prisoner of her staff in one of the Foggy Bottom dungeons with their monomaniacal warped concept of “ negotiations ” , has been trying to do .
In late November , partly at the insistence of Washington but also under pressure from the civilian political establishment , led by Bhutto , Musharraf relinquished his second “ hat ” as active chief of the military to Gen .
Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , retaining the civilian presidency to which he has recently been reelected by his largely chosen provincial assemblies .
Pakistan ’s imitation of the old British Indian army , the 7th largest military in the world , with all its strengths and weaknesses at some 650,000 with a half million reserves , is the skeleton on which the decrepid Pakistan state hangs .
Its unity – despite a suspected infiltration of Islamofascist elements and an erosion through graft and corruption when it is in control of civil government as now – is paramount to any stability of the state .
That is why much depends on Musharraf ’s choice of Kayani .
A scion of the old Muslim Rajput north Indian warrior class , Kayani is considered a Musharraf loyalist ; it was he , for example , who investigated the two back - to - back attempts on Musharraf ’s life , apparently successfully – although there was little or no public revelation of the culprits – for which Musharraf awarded him Pakistan ’s highest decoration .
He has headed the controversial Inter - Services Intelligence [ ISI ] agency , the organization through which most of American aid to the anti-Soviet fighters in Afghanistan was funneled during decade of Moscow ’ occupation and defeat and subsequent implosion .
After the Afghan conflict ended , Washington withdrew completely from the area [ seen as abandonment by the Pakistanis ] , and the ISS installed the pro-Pakistan Taliban in Kabul , when in turn gave sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden .
And it was presumably Kayani who purged the ISS , or attempted to do so , of its pro-jihadist elements when Islamabad switched sides following 9/11 .
Kayani , as many Pakistani officers , has attended American military schools and has a long record of contact with the U.S. military and the CIA .
It is presumably he and his coterie of high fellow officers who control Pakistan ’s nuclear weapons , one of the chief preoccupations of Washington – and the Indians across the border as well as Pakistan ’s Chinese Communist allies .
[ The Chinese and the North Koreans have supplied Pakistan with missiles and missile technology , and , perhaps , contributed to the supposedly renegade A.G. Khan network which produced its nuclear bombs and sold off elements to the Iranians and the Libyans . ]
Kayani is generally seen as a relatively modest but skilled political infighter as well as a good soldier .
That remains to be seen , however , in the rough times ahead , and it would not be the first time a Pakistan military sponsor was replaced by his protégé if he were to replace Musharraf in the next wave of the crisis .
It remains to be seen whether Washington will have recognized its failure to anticipate the complexity of the Pakistan situation [ much as earlier it did in Iraq ] .
With the jihadists having won an important propaganda victory – whether they were directly behind the assassination or not – against secular forces in Pakistsn with Bhutto ’s death , the simple question of law and order in a society riven with all sorts of pressures will be uppermost in the next days .
That may call for a return to martial law , not “ democracy ” , or even elections ; it could bring on some bloody repression of assorted non-political villains always ready to exploit a political situation , if nothing more than a TV set or two stolen from a shop .
Washington would be well advised to remain aware of the fragility of the situation and , perhaps to the extent it can , help calm the domestic American media circus .
That , of course , as always depends more on whether there may be other unforeseen headlines ahead some place else for the thundering herd of the telegentsia to turn its attentions .
Sol W. Sanders , ( solsanders@cox.net ) , is an Asian specialist with more than 25 years in the region , and a former correspondent for Business Week , U.S. News & World Report and United Press International .
He writes weekly for World Tribune.com and East - Asia -Intel.com .
Click Here to Write a Letter to the Editor
I ’ve been learning Haskell recently , and it ’s reminded me of one of my pet peeves about academic computer science : the nomenclature .
In several of the books that I ’ve been going through , the authors describe parametric polymorphism in Haskell as just ‘ polymorphism ’ and when they decide to talk about type classes they are careful to distinguish between overloading and polymorphism .
Only one author , that I recall , went so far as to acknowledge that overloading is a form of polymorphism also : ‘ ad hoc’ polymorphism .
Now , I ’m not overly sensitive , but it ’s hard not to feel that someone ’s thumbing their nose at a feature when they label it ‘ ad hoc . ’
I know that this nomenclature is fairly old ; I think I ran into first in a paper by Peter Wegner back in the 1980s , but still it grates a little .
I ’m no great fan of method name overloading in statically typed OO languages , but I could easily imagine a less negative term .
One of the other places where computer science nomenclature is dismissive is in the area of dynamic typing .
It seems that the academic literature is filled with references to languages that are ‘ typed ’ and languages that are n’t .
The early dichotomy was between Lisp and nearly everything else .
Lisp was seen as type - less , roughly in the same category as languages like C , where , if you are n’t careful , you can dance all over memory with a stray pointer and know nothing about it .
On the other side , we had the ‘ typed ’ languages – languages where the compiler does some checking to make sure that your program behaves at runtime .
Some of the better literature attempts to differentiate between " strongly " typed languages and " weakly " typed languages .
Smalltalk , Python , and Ruby are thrown into the " weakly " typed bin because they check at runtime .
A type system that chooses to check at a later time should not be characterized as ' " weak " , or " un-typed . "
This distinction between “ safe ” languages which check at compile time and languages which do n’t really did n’t have to become dominant in language research .
After all , Lisp does n’t dance over memory – it does whatever checks it needs to at runtime .
However , the " typed " versus " un-typed " nomenclature still lingers , and you have to admit , “ un - typed ” sounds a bit negative .
I think that any analysis of negative type nomenclature has to take into account the nature of programming language research .
There ’s been a great deal of type - related research over the last thirty years , and a lot of it has been interesting , but there ’s a reason why many practitioners still work in “ un- typed ” languages and why interest in them is growing – the hardest problems that practitioners deal with day to day are not issues that language design can tackle ; they are matters of economics , group dynamics , and motivation in the face of entropy .
Languages can help , but really only when you admit that the problems we encounter are human problems , issues of ergonomics .
Type theory ?
Yes , it ’s beneficial , but I think that the reason why it ’s received so much attention is because it ’s tractable .
So , I ’m learning .
Haskell looks like it has a lot to offer .
But , when I see parametric polymorphism introduced as ‘ polymorphism ’ it reminds of something I heard a man say in a jazz documentary .
He said “ When a jazz player does n’t like what you ’re playing , he wo n’t say it ’s bad .
He 'll just say it ’s not jazz . ”
I wish I could get that out of my head .
US grudgingly acknowledges fewer Iran - made bombs in Iraq Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 2 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Military commanders in Iraq are seeing fewer Iranian - made bombs targeting US troops although they remain skeptical to Tehran 's claims it is deescalating its support to Iraqi insurgents and militias .
US generals believe it is " too early to tell " whether the nearly 50 percent drop in explosively formed penetrators ( EFPs ) found in Iraq in recent months indicates a significant reduction in Iranian aid to groups targeting US troops there .
From a high point of 99 in July , the number of EFPs found in Iraq dropped to 53 last month , the Washington Post reported Friday .
Iran 's leaders -- facing increased antagonism from the United States over their alleged role in aiding Iraq 's insurgency -- have pledged they will try to stop the flow of weapons across the border between the two countries , but the Pentagon remains skeptical whether Tehran will stick to those promises .
" I do n't know whether to believe them , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters Thursday .
He added , " It 's too early to tell , " whether the observed drop in EFPs marks a significant reduction in the flow of bombs from Iran into Iraq .
Since this summer , anti-Iran hawks within the Bush administration have been building a case against the regime based on allegations it is aiding Iraqi insurgents .
When military and diplomatic leaders testified on Capitol Hill in September , Iran 's alleged involvement in Iraq caused some lawmakers to push for an expansion of US military might into Iran .
Iran has officially denied sending weapons into Iraq , and said it is not involved in the deaths of any US troops there .
" The Islamic republic has no role in killing American soldiers in Iraq , " Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki was quoted as saying by the official IRNA news agency this week .
" The American government lies to its citizens in this regard , " he added .
Pentagon chief Gates told reporters that the country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khameni , is " probably " aware of the flow of weapons across the border .
National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Iran has not shown " any willingness to play a positive role in Iraq . "
US troops uncovered one of the largest caches of EFPs in Iran a week ago , Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno , said in a videoconference from Baghdad , but those stockpiles could have predated an agreement between Tehran and Baghdad to staunch the flow of weapons .
" In terms of Iran ... it 's unclear yet to me whether they have slowed down bringing in weapons and supporting the insurgency or not , " said Odierno , who oversees day - to - day military operations in Iraq .
" I 'll wait and see . "
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Think you 're smart ?
Take the FREE IQ Test now .
Sure , I bet your ability to pound out Final Fantasy 's Prelude on 88 keys is an avid display of skill and sensitivity for the ladies , but in their heart of hearts , women do n't want someone who can drum up alligator tears while gettin ' romantic on an instrument as weak as a piano .
When real men kick out the jams , they do so wielding the might of Zeus via the marriage of technical wizardry and geekish intention -- on a Goddamn Tesla coil .
We 've seen all sorts of themes from all sorts of games played on all sorts of instruments , but these lads have put a stop to the musical arms race with but two videos .
If I had my way -- and I will , once my glorious coup is staged -- we 'd toss every instrument on this Earth into a raging funeral pyre and play our victory march on the only remaining ( legal ) musical instrument : the Tesla coil .
The sheer awe is just one benefit to the revolution , but there are others .
Even a Phil Collins concert would be amped to eleven by such an instrument -- will this rendition of In The Air Tonight be his last ?
It might be , once we tether ol '
Phil to the coil with ten feet of steel drag chain !
Tickets could sell for hundreds of dollars , and hell , we could even donate a buck or two of each ticket price for funeral costs .
It 's win -win , baby !
Oh , right -- games .
So , uh , the Super Mario theme , right ?
Not only on your cell phone anymore , heh heh -- my God , check out those friggin ' arcs !
I give up .
Hit the jump for the Tetris theme , too .
[ Thanks , Dan ! ]
>
EffTT
Workshop on Effects and Type Theory , EffTT
Tallinn , Estonia , 13 - 14 December 2007
a " small workshop " of the TYPES project
Programme
Abstracts and slides of talks
List of participants
Practical information
Some photos by Marino and Tarmo
New : Special issue of Fundamenta Informaticae for EffTT and DTP 2008 ,
submission deadline 1 October 2008
Background
The syntax and semantics of impurities of computation known as effects have been an important challenge for functional programming .
Today , we tend to employ categorically inspired tools such as monads , Lavwere theories , applicative functors and arrows , but also more pragmatic approaches such as uniqueness typing .
Effects are an issue also for type - theoretic programming and reasoning , where a number of aspects make them specifically interesting .
First , we do not yet know what the best dependently typed generalizations of our simply typed tools are , although we hope they would reinforce the dual utility of type - theoretic calculi as programming languages and logics .
Second , this duality specifically forces that pure computations must terminate , so even nontermination is an impurity and potentially an effect .
Third , is it not likely that the type - theoretic glasses can help us see more clearly the particularities of external - world effects such as true destructively updatable state and true interactive input - output ?
Thus , this workshop is exactly about effects and type theory .
Topics of interest include
all kinds of dependent generalizations of monads and more
type-theoretic language design for effects
type-theoretic effectful programming methodology
time , nontermination and type theory
state and type theory , including combinations of Hoare - like logics and type theory
interactive input - output and type theory
theories of external - world effects
type theory and concurrency
type-theoretic descriptions of physical systems
and any further topics about effects and type theory
Invited speakers
Our invited speakers are Paul Levy ( Birmingham ) and Aleksandar Nanevski ( Microsoft Research , Cambridge ) .
Contributing a talk
The rest of the programme will be based on contributed talks and discussions .
If you would like to contribute a talk , send a title and abstract to efftt ( at)cs.ioc.ee by 21 November 2007 .
Organizers
The workshop organizers are Thorsten Altenkirch , Marino Miculan and Tarmo Uustalu .
Venue
The workshop will take place in the building of the Estonian Academy of Sciences ( the palace of the Ungern - Sternbergs ) , Kohtu 6 .
This is on Tallinn 's Dome Hill in the historical city center and at walking ( well , climbing ) distance from all central hotels .
The workshop dates are during the Tallinn Christmas market and the Christmas Jazz festival of Jazzkaar .
Participating
To express your intent to participate , please drop an email to efftt ( at)cs.ioc.ee as soon as possible , but no later than 21 November 2007 ( knowing who will be coming early on will help us plan the workshop better ) .
Our host institution , the Institute of Cybernetics ( IoC ) , charges a registration fee of 1400 EEK / 90 EUR to cover lunches and coffees during the two days and a dinner in the evening of 13 December .
To pay , please fill out this form , sign the generated pdf document and fax it to +372 620 4151 or alternatively email a scanned copy to efftt( at)cs.ioc.ee .
Please do so by 5 December 2007 .
Attendance is by no means confined to people involved in the TYPES project ; the workshop is open to anyone interested .
Travel
Tallinn is not the best connected city on this continent .
There are direct flights to Tallinn airport from Amsterdam , Berlin Schönefeld , Brussels , Copenhagen , Dublin , Frankfurt , Gothenburg , Hamburg , Helsinki , Kiev , London Gatwick and Stansted , Milan Malpensa , Moscow , Oslo , Prague , Riga , Stockholm Arlanda , Vienna , Vilnius , and Warsaw .
The hubs for connecting from other cities are Copenhagen and Stockholm ( SAS / Estonian Air ) , Helsinki ( Finnair ) , Amsterdam ( KLM / Air France ) , Prague ( CSA ) , Frankfurt ( Lufthansa ) .
Accommodation
We can suggest the following hotels with whom IoC has loyal customer agreements :
Taanilinna**** , Uus 6 , phone +372 640 67 00 , fax +372 646 43 06 , email info(at)taanilinna.ee .
Special rates : STD SGL 1000 EEK / 64 EUR , STD TWIN 1100 EEK / 70 EUR .
Mention you are a guest of the Institute of Cybernetics .
( Not available any more . )
( Not available any more . )
Meriton Old Town Hotel , Lai 49 , phone +372 614 13 00 , fax +372 614 13 11 , email reservations ( at)meritonhotels.com .
Special rates : STD SGL 880 EEK / 56 EUR , STD TWIN 1000 EEK / 64 EUR .
Mention this block booking number : 16654 .
( Smallish rooms . )
Both of these hotels are in the Old Town ( the historical city center ) .
We will start at 9.00 on Thu 13 December and finish not later than by 17.00 on Fri 14 December , so you should arrive during Wed .
Tarmo Uustalu
Last update 30 June 2008
So my New Years resolution was to at least finish the 1st issue of the comic , and so far things are going along well enough .
I get a few hours in after work each day , and the story is coming together .
This cover was an interesting struggle simply because I started out the ' Super Hero ' way , which is to just plaster a big picture of the main character for the cover , but I was n't ecstatic about the results .
I guess I feel that big character art only sells books where people know who the character is .
This is a lot more mysterious , and I 'm hoping it will draw people into picking up the book and flipping through it .
Wow it 's been awhile since I 've posted anything .... Without further ado here 's the first issue cover for my comic idea , " Neumo .
" A story about a undead broccoli kid with a sword made by Darwin .
Yeah it 's weird .
Labels : Neumo
You know you ’re addicted to Halo when you spend months building a Master Chief armor suit , during your precious hours of “ outside ” time .
Our readers have sent in pictures of two different costumes ( Chris Bryan ’s above ) , with each looking amazing .
Click here for more pictures .
You know you ’re addicted to Halo when you spend months building a Master Chief armor suit , during your precious hours of “ outside ” time .
Our readers have sent in pictures of two different costumes ( Chris Bryan ’s above ) , with each looking amazing .
Click here for more pictures .
MANKIND'S transition from hunting and gathering to farming began about 12,000 years ago , when people decided to stay put and cultivate the plants they liked .
Although people have since domesticated a vast array of the world 's animals and plants , in one area at least we have never really shaken off our hunter - gatherer roots .
Most of our fish is still caught in the wild , much as it was in our ancestors ' time — albeit with a few more fancy bits of gadgetry to tip the balance in favour of the hunter , rather than the gathered .
The thrill of the chase , though , may increasingly be a thing of the past .
Fish farming has been the world 's fastest growing food - production sector , with output rising 8.8 % a year since 1970 , according to the Food and Agriculture Organisation .
By comparison , livestock production increased at a rate of 2.8 % a year .
Today , some 45 % of all fish consumed by humans — around 48 m tonnes — is raised on farms .
That is still only half of what is caught in the ocean ( much of which goes to feed livestock ) , but at this rate , in eight years farming will produce as many fish as are caught at sea today .
AP
Part of the solution ?
Levels of wild - fish catches have been stable since the mid-1980s , and the vast majority of the world 's capture - fisheries are fully exploited — or indeed over - exploited : we cannot , therefore , catch more wild fish than we do today .
But the demand for fish is booming , thanks to growing numbers of people , and their increasing affluence .
By 2030 a whopping 37 m extra tonnes of fish will be needed to maintain current levels of fish consumption per person .
The missing fish that needs to be found to sustain levels of consumption has been dubbed the “ fish gap ” , and it will have to be filled by fish farming .
But fish farming has its problems , too .
It does not , for instance , always increase the total amount of fish available .
Carnivorous farmed fish must be fed wild fish ; for every pound of salmon eaten , several pounds of wild fish must be caught .
Currently , much of this fishmeal can be obtained by using industrially caught fish to feed fish rather than animals , but what happens after that ?
Fish farming already uses up most of the world 's fish oil and a hefty chunk of its fish meal .
Many aquaculturists are now eyeing krill , a small crustacean found in the cold waters of Antarctica .
It is an excellent source of nutrition for farmed fish .
Unfortunately , krill is central to the Antarctic marine food - web , and it is also an excellent source of nutrition for all of the species in the Southern Ocean .
Another problem with salmon farming has been revealed in a recent paper that shows the damage salmon farms can do to nearby wild fish populations .
Farmed salmon , kept in unnaturally high densities , are a breeding ground for parasitic sea lice .
When young wild salmon on their way to the ocean swim past pens of farmed salmon at the mouths of rivers , they get infested with these lice .
The scientists say that lice infestations could drive some salmon populations they studied in British Columbia to extinction in four years .
Such problems seem likely to worsen as fish farming grows .
But there are solutions .
One is to farm more vegetarian fish such as tilapia and catfish .
Another is to move salmon pens to better locations .
Earlier this year , John Fredriksen , the main shareholder in Marine Harvest , the world 's largest salmon farming company , said that salmon farms ought to be moved away from wild salmon runs .
A better , although more expensive , solution would be to make fish farms self - contained .
OceanBoy Farms , a company in Florida , produces organic inland shrimp using cleverly designed ponds that avoid another environmental side - effect of fish - farming — the dumping of fish faeces and uneaten food onto the bottoms of sensitive marine environments , such as Scottish lochs .
Some have linked this filth to the growth of toxic algal blooms .
Compared to terrestrial agriculture , fish farming is young , and it has a lot of growing up to do .
Like farming , it causes environmental problems but offers great benefits .
The world will have to find solutions to the first in order properly to enjoy the second .
By Katya Adler
BBC News , Gaza
The Red Cross believes all parties should know the international laws
All the Palestinian armed factions have signed up to the course , though they are being taught in individual groups .
The head of Gaza operations for the Red Cross , Anthony Dalziel , said the course was part of his organisation 's worldwide effort to teach international humanitarian law to all parties in armed conflict .
" We 've taught regular armies and militia groups all over , " he said .
" Congo , ex- Yugoslavia , Darfur , Colombia . "
" We see ourselves as the guardians of international humanitarian law .
" So wherever there are arms carriers , with the ability to influence who is a victim in conflict , these are the people we want to approach , who should know these laws . "
Rights and responsibilities
Students are taught basic first aid so they can help injured civilians
Here in Gaza the classes are lively .
The teacher is locally - recruited Red Cross staffer Iyad Nasr .
" The guys like to push and to challenge us .
They seem to enjoy , to be interested even in the material they are given .
" I can quote one of the guys who said to me , what you are teaching us , this is not the law , this is our life . "
Mr Nasr told me how surprised some of the gunmen were to find that groups like theirs have a status under international law .
" But then they also have to realise they have responsibilities .
Legal ones .
And if they do n't keep them , they can be prosecuted under international law .
" And that comes as quite a surprise to these guys , most of whom have always viewed themselves as the victims . "
And as freedom fighters , with right on their side .
As the class progresses , bandage wrappers are torn open .
The gunmen are given a practical lesson in first aid .
All over the room , masked men pair up to practise , juggling bandages , splints and rescue lifts .
It is an incongruous sight but it sums up the main message of the Red Cross here - it does n't matter who you are , in times of armed conflict it is your duty to protect civilians , the injured and prisoners .
Public image
By coming to the courses , we want to prove we are aware of international regulations
Abu Khaled , local factional leader
But will these men change their behaviour outside the classroom ?
I asked Abu Hotheifa , one of the gunmen on the course .
" There are things we learned here that surprised us .
Things we were n't aware of but as to whether our actions will change on the ground , that is up to our leaders .
They decide .
Not us . "
Civilians are often the victims in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and in Palestinian in - fighting .
Gunmen use busy streets , even private homes , as battlegrounds .
Armed Palestinian groups fire rockets at Israeli towns like Sderot , just over the Gaza border , almost every day .
Sometimes using public areas , like schools , as launch sites .
Abu Khaled is a local factional leader in Gaza .
He told me his fighters were told to take the Red Cross course to show the world they are not as many see them .
" People think we are terrorists , " he said .
" But actually the Islamic law we follow is far stricter than international law in its rules of how to protect civilians and prisoners in war .
" By coming to the courses , we want to prove we are aware of international regulations .
In fact , it is the other side which attacks civilians and kills innocent people . "
Blame game
I asked Abu Khaled about the rockets fired at Israel by his faction and others , with the aim of killing ordinary Israelis .
If they said ' No more suicide bombings ' , that would be a significant change
Mark Regev
Israeli Foreign Ministry
" They are responsible , " he insisted .
" You ca n't expect the victims to respect the laws alone .
If they stop targeting our civilians , they will see we are open to leaving theirs alone . "
Then came a threat not entirely in keeping with the Red Cross class going on around us .
" If they keep hurting our civilians they should know - today we may be targeting their people in Sderot , tomorrow and in the future , with new technology , our resistance will spread further .
" Our missiles will reach deeper inside Israel . "
Does Israel think the Red Cross courses will make any difference in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ?
The militants say they are only defending themselves
Mark Regev is a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry .
" If these groups change their behaviour and stop deliberately targeting civilians , if they stopped kidnapping , stopped shooting rockets in to civilian population centres .
If they said ' No more suicide bombings ' , that would be a significant change .
" Is that about to happen ?
I 'm afraid I 'm doubtful . "
The Red Cross also teaches Israel 's army about the Geneva Conventions .
Both sides in this conflict are accused of breaking international law .
But Palestinian gunmen and Israel 's commanders both insist that they respect the rules .
Each blames the other when the fighting gets dirty .
Interview WEP is dead - and here 's the proof .
Cracking the Wi-Fi security protocol WEP is a probability game .
The number of packets required to successfully decrypt the key depends on various factors , luck included .
When WEP was compromised in 2001 , the attack needed more than five million packets to succeed .
During the summer of 2004 , a hacker named KoreK published a new WEP attack ( called chopper ) that reduced by an order of magnitude the number of packets requested , letting people crack keys with hundreds of thousands of packets , instead of millions .
Last month , three researchers , Erik Tews , Andrei Pychkine and Ralf - Philipp Weinmann developed a faster attack ( based on a cryptanalysis of RC4 by Andreas Klein ) , that works with ARP packets and just needs 85,000 packets to crack the key with a 95 per cent probablity .
This means getting the key in less than two minutes .
Here 's an interview with the three researchers .
All three are studying at Darmstadt University of Technology , Germany .
Tews , 24 , is a Bachelor student ; Pyshkin , 27 , and Weinman , 29 , are PhD students in Professor Johannes Buchmann 's research group .
How did you develop the attack ?
Ralf - Philipp Weinmann : Andrei , Erik , and I share a room .
We 've basically seen Andreas Klein 's RC4 attack in late 2005 when he presented a talk here in Darmstadt at local workshop ( Kryptotag ) .
We did n't realise the potential of the attack until early 2007 when I realised that apparently nobody outside of Germany was aware of the attack since the preprint was only available in German until then .
Erik and I then bounced ideas back and forth about the applicability of the attack against WEP and quickly realised that it was more than an order of magnitude faster than any previous key recovery attack .
Erik wrote some code , Andrei improved it .
Simultaneously , we became aware that an improved version of Andreas Klein 's paper had been submitted to the Workshop on Coding and Cryptography , this time in English .
First attempts against a demo network showed that the code indeed did work as expected on our side .
We began writing the paper and put it on the IACR ePrint server .
Simultaneously , Erik released the code for people to verify our results .
What type of speedup does your attack provide over previous attacks ?
Erik Tews :
The old attack needed between 500,000 to 2 million packets to " work usually " .
We ( Erik Tews , Andrei Pychkine and Ralf - Philipp Weinmann ) showed that our attack has a success probability of 50 per cent with 40,000 packets and success probability of 95 per cent with 85,000 packets .
So perhaps the speedup is a factor of 15 or so in the number of packets required .
CPU - Time of our attack is about three seconds on a consumer laptop .
I think the CPU - Time of the original attack was longer , but could vary very much .
We found out that a rate of about 764 data packets per second can be reached using ARP injection .
So to make it a little bit easier for the reader we can say that 60 seconds are enough to collect 40,000 packets and crack the key with a 50 per cent success rate .
If the rate of packets is lower , then we need longer .
How does your attack work ?
Erik Tews : Step 1 : Find the enemy ( this is the test - network you created in your lab , to verify our results ) .
You can use kismet or airodump to find it .
Step 2 : Generate some traffic .
To generate some traffic , use aireplay - ng in ARP injection mode .
Aireplay will listen to the network until it has found an encrypted ARP packet .
By reinjecting this packet again and again , you will generate a lot of traffic , and you will know that most of the traffic was ARP - traffic .
For an ARP - Packet , you know the first 16 Bytes of the clertext and so the first 16 bytes of the cipherstream .
Step 3 : Write this traffic to disk using airodump - ng or so .
This will create a tcpdump - like capture file with the traffic .
Step 4 : Launch our algorithm .
You need the aircrack - ptw ( by the way , aircrack - ptw has been integrated in the 0.9 - dev version of aircrack - ng , which is currently in svn , but not released ) .
From a theoretical point of view , our algorithm is based on the following ideas .
Andreas Klein , a German researcher , showed that there is a correlation in RC4 between Keybytes 1 to i- 1 , the keystream and the keybyte i .
If the keybytes 1 to i- 1 and the keystream are known , it is possible to guess the next unknown keybyte with a probability of about 1.36/256 which is a little bit higher than 1/256 .
We were able to show that it is also possible to guess the sum of keybytes i to i+k with a probability of more thatn
1.24/256 .
In a WEP environment , the first three bytes of a packet key are always known and are called IV .
Our tool tries to guess the sum of the next 1 , 2 , 3 , ... to 13 keybytes for every packet .
If enough packets have been captured , the most guessed value for a sum is usually the right one .
If not , the correct value is most times one of the most guessed ones .
Aircrack - ptw try to find the key , using this idea described above .
If you have about 40,000 to 85,000 packets , your success probability is somewhere between 50 per cent and 95 per cent .
Seguo da un po ’ di tempo un ottimo gruppo Facebook dedicato alle startup italiane .
Due giorni fa si parlava dell ’apertura da parte di Amazon di una libreria a Seattle .
Trovandomi questa settimana a Seattle per lavoro ( sono un mentor a una conferenza di scienziati dei dati organizzata da IBM , l’azienda per cui lavoro ) ho penso di far visita al negozio di Amazon .
Avendo promesso di fornire la mia opinione a riguardo nel gruppo , ho pensato di pubblicarla su Stacktrace .
Ho scelto questo outlet non perché volessi fare un bocca a bocca al sito ( al massimo si tratterebbe di una riesumazione della salma ) , ma perché Facebook non permette la pubblicazione di testo e foto in maniera organica ( a meno di pubblicare una nota , che non credo sia disponibile nei gruppi ) .
Amazon Books è un negozio collocato nello University Village , un centro commerciale di alto livello .
All ’entrata del negozio c’è un cartello che risponde alla domanda che molti si porranno circa il costo dei libri .
Sì , i prezzi sono gli stessi del sito Amazon.com .
Quindi comprare di persona ha un potenziale vantaggio per chi vive in zona , ammesso che abbiano il libro che stai cercando .
E su questo punto il negozio ha un grosso svantaggio rispetto al sito ( ovviamente ) ma anche rispetto ad altre librerie fisiche come Barnes & Noble .
La selezione di libri è infatti molto limitata , anche considerando le dimensioni modiche del locale .
Gli scaffali sono quasi del tutto riservati a best seller in categorie piuttosto popolari .
I libri tecnici sono praticamente esclusi come ammesso dalla commessa con cui ho parlato per vedere se per caso avessero il mio di libro ( in mia difesa , ho iniziato la conversazione con it ’s a long shot ) .
I libri presenti sono best seller , nuove uscite , e libri le cui recensioni sul sito hanno ricevuto almeno quattro stelle .
Ci sono infatti scaffali per libri che hanno almeno 4.8 stelle su Amazon.com , 4 stelle , libri del mese , selezioni dello staff , i migliori libri recensiti su tematiche attuali , e così via .
Carino il fatto che certi scaffali contengono libri simili a un particolare best seller o autore .
I libri non hanno prezzi .
Il pubblico deve invece scaricare l’Amazon app e fare lo scan con questa del codice a barre disponibile sul retro del libro oppure direttamente dallo scaffale .
Per chi ha la batteria scarica o non vuole scomodare lo smartphone in tasca , ci sono una manciata di scanner sparsi nel negozio per fare la scansione dei libri e scoprirne il prezzo .
Sulle etichette affisse agli scaffali c’è spesso una citazione da una recensione Amazon.com oppure qualche dato statistico interessante riguardante il libro ( ad esempio , il 91 % dei recensori hanno dato 5 stelle a questo libro ) .
Ho chiesto se fosse possibile ricercare se un libro è disponibile in loco , ma mi è stato detto che l’unico modo per farlo è chiedere direttamente a loro .
Sicuramente una soluzione piuttosto low - tech da parte del gigante delle vendite in rete .
Se avranno mai una catena di negozi , sono certo che sarà possibile controllare l’inventario tramite la loro app .
Come si intuisce dal nome il negozio è principalmente una libreria dedicata alla vendita di libri .
La sezione centrale però contiene diversi gadget ( per lo più creati da Amazon stessa , come l’Echo , Fire TV , e i vari tablet ) .
In questo il negozio ricorda un po ’ l’Apple Store a cui si saranno senza dubbio ispirati .
C’è anche una sezioncina per la linea Amazon Basics , per chi volesse acquistare un cavo HDMI , o simili accessori , a basso costo .
C’è una selezione abbastanza decente di riviste , ma nulla di impressionante ( comunque inferiore a quelle di grosse librerie americane o canadesi ) .
In fondo al negozio c’è una sezione per i bambini , con sedie e tavolini per i più piccoli .
Gli adulti hanno invece una fila di panchine in prossimità della vetrina principale .
Un paio di Kindle fire sono messi nella zona a disposizione dei clienti che volessero provarli o giocarci .
I commessi mi sono sembrati cortesi e l’ambiente abbastanza invitante .
Tutto sommato è stata un ’esperienza positiva e sono uscito dal negozio comprando un libro ( la biografia di Elon Musk ) .
Nel mio hanno infilato un segnalibro arancione col marchio del negozio .
Quando paghi puoi inserire l’email che usi per l’account di Amazon.com e l’ordine viene aggiunto al tuo storico , oltre che inviarti la ricevuta per email .
Volendo tirare le somme , vedo in Amazon Books un paio di vantaggi strategici .
Fornisce ad Amazon.com , quello che l’Apple Store fisico fornice ad Apple.com : uno showroom che permette ai clienti di provare prodotti Amazon come Echo , Kindle Fire , Fire TV e ciò che rilasceranno in futuro .
Il secondo vantaggio è che in fondo fornisce a un largo pubblico un servizio di pre-selezione di libri .
L’utente medio può entrare nel negozio , prendere un libro a caso dallo scaffale di suo interesse , e sarà quasi sicuramente soddisfatto .
Sono tutti libri qualificati dagli utenti Amazon.com .
( So che ci sono fake review ma a occhio credo che Amazon abbia filtrato manualmente quali libri , tra quelli che rispettano i criteri , finiscono nella libreria . )
L’incarnazione corrente della libreria fisica di Amazon non è però quel mostro che giustificherebbe l’accusa di aver distrutto le librerie fisiche con un negozio online , per poi riaprire librerie fisiche , avendo di fatto eliminato la competizione .
Questo Amazon Books è un po’ Apple Store , un po ’ Starbucks in termini di atmosfera .
In qualche modo eleva il brand di Amazon nell ’immaginario collettivo a un livello di lusso maggiore di quello percepito finora .
Ha il charm di una boutique più che l’utilità di una warehouse .
E così , lascia ampio spazio alla competizione offline .
L’Amazon offline che avrebbe sterminato ulteriormente non solo librerie , ma anche altri tipi di negozi , sarebbe stato un Amazon stile Costco warehouse .
Amazon Books è l’esatto opposto .
Si tratta secondo me di una scommessa interessante che potrà comunque portare frutti .
In ogni caso è interessate notare come dopo vent ’ anni we ’ve come full circle . 🙂
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Eight tusks dating to some 35,000 years ago all show signs of having being peppered with meteorite fragments .
The ancient remains come from Alaska , but researchers also have a Siberian bison skull with the same pockmarks .
The scientists released details of the discovery at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco , US .
They painted a picture of a calamitous event over North America that may have severely knocked back the populations of some species .
Blast direction
" We think that there was probably an impact which exploded in the air that sent these particles flying into the animals , " said Richard Firestone from the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
" In the case of the bison , we know that it survived the impact because there 's new bone growth around these marks . "
Large quantities of mammoth tusk material are now in collections
The mammoth and bison remains all display small ( about 2 - 3 mm in size ) perforations .
Raised , burnt surface rings trace the point of entry of high - velocity projectiles ; and the punctures are on only one side , consistent with a blast coming from a single direction .
Viewed under an electron microscope , the embedded fragments appear to have exploded inside the tusk and bone , say the researchers .
Shards have cut little channels .
The sunken pieces are also magnetic , and tests show them to have a high iron - nickel content , but to be depleted in titanium .
The ratios of different types of atoms in the fragments meant it was most unlikely they had originated on Earth , the team told the AGU meeting .
Magnetic hunt
The discovery follows on from the group 's previous research which claimed a more recent space collision - some 13,000 years ago .
The researchers reported the discovery of sediment at more than 20 sites across North America that contained exotic materials : tiny spheres of glass and carbon , ultra - small specks of diamond and amounts of the rare element iridium that were too high to be terrestrial .
The scientists also found a black layer which , they argued , was the charcoal deposited by wildfires that swept the continent after the space object smashed into the Earth 's atmosphere .
It was just a tiny magnet on a string , but very strong .
It would swing over and stick firmly to these little dots
Allen West
" So , we got the idea that if these impacts were in the chert , then they might likely also have occurred in large surfaces such as tusks ; and we decided it was worth a shot to go look for them . "
Allen
West began the hunt at a mammoth tusk sale in his home state of Arizona .
He immediately found one tusk with the tell - tale pockmarks and asked the trading company if he could look through its entire collection .
He sorted literally thousands of items .
" There are many things that can cause spots , such as algae , and there were a few of those ; but I was only interested in the ones that were magnetic , " he recalled .
" It was just a tiny magnet on a string , but very strong .
It would swing over and stick firmly to these little dots . "
The search turned up a further seven ivory specimens of interest , together with the bison skull .
Further clues
But having gone out and tested the hypothesis of tusk impacts , and having apparently uncovered such items - the team was then astonished to find the animal remains were about 20,000 years older than had been anticipated .
The researchers are now considering a number of possibilities - one that could even tie the older remains to the younger event .
The embedded particles have a high iron - nickel content
" Maybe , these were tusks from dead animals that were just exposed on the surface , so when this thing blew up in the atmosphere , it would have peppered them .
The date could really be anywhere from 13,000 to 35 - 40,000 years ago . "
The team believes there must still be peppered tusks out there that can be dated to 13,000 years ago , and the hope is that the AGU presentation will prompt museums and collectors to look through their archives .
" There should also be a layer of this same meteoritic material in the sedimentary record .
It 's probably very thin .
If we can locate the right place and it has n't been turbated , we should be able to find this layer ; and it should n't be too different from the impact layer we found for the 13,000 - year event , " said Dr Firestone .
Neither proposed impact can yet be tied definitively to any craters - if there ever were any .
The team also needs to explain how the bison and mammoth remains can show similar damage when they were widely separated geographically .
Past puzzle
The intriguing question is how space impacts might fit into the extinction story of the ice age beasts .
The mammoth , their elephant cousins the mastodon , sabre - toothed tigers , some bears , and many other creatures all disappeared rapidly from the palaeo - record about 10,000 years ago .
Their loss has traditionally been put down to either climate change and / or the efficient hunting technologies adopted by migrating humans .
Could impacts have also weakened these populations ?
ICE AGE PUZZLE
Large beast populations crashed 10,000 years ago Includes mammoth , mastodon , sabre - toothed tigers , giant sloth Scientists have several theories to explain the extinctions Human hunters had adopted a deadly spear - point technology Climate changes may have hastened animals ' demise
Do space impacts also now need to be considered ?
The British researcher studies the DNA of ancient animals to try to glean details of how their populations changed over time .
He said there were some interesting markers in the genetics of different creatures some 30,000 to 45,000 years ago - but it was extremely hard to draw firm conclusions .
" For us the difficulty is that we see patterns but we do n't understand what the underlying process is ; so it becomes difficult to ascribe causation , " he explained .
" Just as in a modern crime scene , it 's very difficult to piece all the evidence together and say precisely what was going on ; which event led to any particular outcome . "
But he added : " Certainly , you can't imagine it helped the animals having a large meteorite hit the Earth 's atmosphere and pellet them with shot . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Southern California parents packing children off to school this fall may have to do without a lunchtime staple : Wonder Bread .
The company that makes the white bread with red , yellow and blue balloons on the wrapper said Tuesday that it was closing its Southland bakeries and laying off 1,300 workers .
But junk - food lovers can take heart :
The company locally will still make Hostess Twinkies , Ding Dongs , Ho Hos and other snacks .
It seems that Wonder Bread , once touted as a nutrient - rich way to “ build strong bodies 12 ways , ” has lost ground in health - conscious Southern California .
Essentially , “ the company was in the wrong business in the wrong market , ” said Rich Seban , chief marketing officer for Wonder Bread maker Interstate Bakeries Corp. of Kansas City , Mo .
Advertisement
Shoppers such as Sarah Foss , a court reporter from Upland , are weaning their families off refined flour products .
“ Wonder Bread is like wallpaper paste , ” she said .
But others want Interstate to keep selling the bread in Southern California .
“ It is the best for peanut and jelly sandwiches , ” said Susan Johnson of Seal Beach , whose four daughters prefer Wonder and other white breads .
“ When I give them wheat , I have to sneak it in . ”
Nonetheless , Southern Californians in particular are partial to whole - grain breads and “ premium ” loaves from rivals such as Oroweat and Pepperidge Farms , Seban said .
Advertisement
Interstate , however , is pretty much a “ white - bread business , ” he said , and it did n’t make financial sense to keep the bakeries open when sales were declining .
The last Wonder loaves will come out of the ovens Oct. 20 .
All operations at the bakeries will be shut down by Oct. 29 .
After that , Las Vegas will be the nearest market where Wonder Bread is sold .
Seban said Interstate had no plans to license the brand to another baker or ship the bread to Los Angeles from its bakeries in other regions .
The company , which has been operating under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for almost three years , will close all four of its Southland bread bakeries , located in Glendale , Pomona , San Diego and in Los Angeles southeast of USC .
The company made a similar move in Washington state two years ago .
Advertisement
Interstate will continue to manufacture money - making products such as Hostess Twinkies and Dolly Madison snacks locally , but it will close 17 distribution centers and 16 outlet stores in the Southland .
The company is also in the midst of labor problems .
One of the company ’s unions called Interstate ’s closure plans “ a back - stabbing double cross . ”
“ They never identified Southern California as a particular problem area , and if they will reconsider we will sit down to see if we can get something done , ” said Richard Volpe , director of the Teamsters ’ bakery and laundry division .
Otherwise the Teamsters might consider a strike , which could shut down production of Interstate ’s profitable Twinkies and other snack cakes , Volpe said .
Advertisement
Workers could strike because the company currently is in contract talks with the unions representing employees at its Southern California bread bakeries , including the Teamsters and the Bakery , Confectionery , Tobacco and Grain Millers union .
Almost all of the employees losing their jobs are members of the two unions .
Volpe said Interstate ’s union workers had already made significant wage and health benefit concessions to keep the company afloat during its financial reorganization .
“ Any labor activity would only compound the company ’s problems and reinforce the Teamsters ’ lack of concern for our employees and our membership , ” said Interstate spokeswoman Sandra Sternberg .
There are no plans to reverse the decision to close the bakeries , she said .
Interstate said it would continue to seek union concessions on health benefits and more flexible work rules nationwide .
Advertisement
Wonder Bread was first sold more than 80 years ago in Indianapolis and has been offered in Southern California since at least the 1940s .
Interstate acquired the brand when it bought Continental Baking Co. from Ralston Purina Co. in 1995 for $ 461 million in stock and cash .
In fiscal year 2007 , which ended June 2 , Interstate posted a net loss of $ 112.8 million on sales of $ 2.9 billion .
Wonder Bread has seen its share of the bread business slide in recent years , according to Packaged Facts , a market research firm .
Advertisement
Although it is still one of America ’s most recognized bread brands , it accounted for only 3.4 % of the market in 2005 , according to Packaged Facts ’ latest study .
That was down from 4 % in 2001 .
Interstate has lost ground in recent years to fast - growing brands such as Oroweat , a unit of Mexican baker Grupo Bimbo , and Sara Lee Fresh Bread .
Once America ’s most popular bread , white bread ’s share of the market has dropped dramatically in recent years .
Consumers now divide their preferences about equally between white and whole wheat , according to Packaged Facts .
Johnson , the Seal Beach mother of four , said she would rely on other brands to feed her family ’s white - bread habit .
“ I know it might not be that good for you , but it sure is good . ”
Advertisement
--
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
Times staff writer Martin Zimmerman contributed to this report .
Studies have suggested dark chocolate is good for the heart
A top medical journal said any health claims about plain chocolate may be misleading .
Plain chocolate is naturally rich in flavanols , plant chemicals that are believed to protect the heart .
But an editorial in the Lancet points out that many manufacturers remove flavanols because of their bitter taste .
Instead , many products may just be abundant in fat and sugar - both of which are harmful to the heart and arteries , the journal reported .
Previous studies have suggested that plain chocolate can help protect the heart , lower blood pressure and aid tiredness .
The devil in the dark chocolate is the fat , sugar and calories it also contains
The Lancet
But the Lancet said : " Dark chocolate can be deceptive .
" When chocolate manufacturers make confectionery , the natural cocoa solids can be darkened and the flavanols , which are bitter , removed , so even a dark - looking chocolate can have no flavanol .
" Consumers are also kept in the dark about the flavanol content of chocolate because manufacturers rarely label their products with this information . "
And the journal also pointed out that even with flavanols present , chocolate - lovers should be mindful of the other contents .
" The devil in the dark chocolate is the fat , sugar and calories it also contains .
" To gain any health benefit , those who eat a moderate amount of flavanol - rich dark chocolate will have to balance the calories by reducing their intake of other foods - a tricky job for even the most ardent calorie counter .
" So , with the holiday season upon us , it might be worth getting familiar with the calories in a bar of dark chocolate versus a mince pie and having a calculator at hand . "
google - perftoolsというx86,x86_64,ppcなUNIX向けのプロファイラの(cpu-profiler部分)を、armなLinuxに対応させてみました。何かの役に立つかもしれないので、patchおよびpatch作成作業のメモを載せます。arm-v5tアーキテクチャ( ARM9系)向けの移植です。
Linux / ARM向けのソフトウェアのパフォーマンスを解析したいなぁと思うことがあったのですが、OProfileはカーネル入れ替えがめんどくさい、gprofはプロファイル専用のバイナリを作成するのがめんどくさい、プロプラな奴は興味ないということで移植しました。移植の方がめんどくさいだろという話もありますが。perftools自体の説明はこちらが便利です。あーそういえばAndroidもARMでしたっけ?
パッチ
http://binary.nahi.to/google-perftools-0.93_armv5t_1.patch パッチの適用方法とmake方法は次のとおりです。 host % tar xvzf google - perftools - 0.93.tar.gz host % cd google - perftools - 0.93 / host % chmod +w aclocal.m4 ( tarballのpermissionがおかしい模様 ) host % patch - p1 < google - perftools-0.93_armv5t_1.patch host % CC=armv5tel-redhat-linux-gnueabi-gcc CXX=armv5tel-redhat-linux-gnueabi-g++ ./ configure \ --host=arm-linux --enable - frame- pointer -- prefix=/path/to/nfs_root / host % sudo make install 以上でインストールが完了します 。ARMマシン( 以下target ) 上で、.soをPRELOADして解析対象を実行すると、prof.outという解析結果ファイルが生成されます。 target # export CPUPROFILE=/root/prof.out target # export CPUPROFILE_FREQUENCY=100 ( 秒間最大何回プロファイルタイマをfireさせるか. デフォルト100 , 最大4000 ) target #
LD_PRELOAD=/lib/libprofiler.so.0 /path/to/program
PROFILE : interrupts / evictions / bytes =
512/0/156 解析対象の / path/to/program
は、 -O0 または - O2 - fno - omit - frame - pointer でコンパイルされていることが必要です。stripされていて もOKです。
解析結果のprof.outファイルの内容を可視化するにはpprofコマンドを使います。pprofコマンドをARMマシン上で動かそうとすると、そちらにperl , file , binutils , graphvizくらいはインストールされていないとダメですが、これらを頑張ってARMマシンに入れなくても、次を満たしていればx86上でプロファイル結果を見られます。
次のファイルがx86からアクセス可能 prof.out 解析対象のprogram programが依存しているDSO 群
crossのbinutils がx86 マシンにインストールされている これは便利。 host % pprof -- tools=/usr/bin/armv5tel-redhat-linux-gnueabi- \ --lib_prefix=/usr/armv5tel-redhat-linux-gnueabi/sys-root / \ / path/to/nfs_root/path/to/program
/path/to/nfs_root/root/prof.out
Welcome to pprof !
For help , type ' help '.
( pprof ) top Total : 512 samples 251 49.0 % 49.0 % 251 49.0 % c 152 29.7 % 78.7 % 152 29.7 % b 96 18.8 % 97.5 % 96 18.8 % a 13 2.5 % 100.0 % 13 2.5 % wordexp 0 0.0 % 100.0 % 2 0.4 % _dl_signal_error 0 0.0 % 100.0 % 510 99.6 % __evoke_link_warning_getwd 0 0.0 % 100.0 % 499 97.5 % main ( pprof ) pprofにかける際のprogramは、strip前のものにしてください。pprof結果が怪しいときは、./configure
で --enable-old-sighandler してみてください。うまく動かなかったりしたら教えてください。私は主にqemuとFedora6-armで動作確認してます。
移植方法
同ソフトウェアはアーキテクチャ依存部分が分離されているので、移植作業は楽で、
ARMv5t用のアトミック演算関数を2種類書く スタックトレース関数を書く シグナルを受信したときのPCの値を得る関数を書く の3stepで大体終わりです。順に。
2. スタックトレース関数を書く ( src/stacktrace_armv5t-inl.h )
次に、スタックのバックトレースを行なう関数 GetStackTrace ( ) を書きます。バックトレースというのは、( gdb ) bt すると表示されるあれのことです。この関数も1.同様、シグナルハンドラから呼ばれるので、シグナルセーフにつくるのがベターです。google-perftools-0.93/INSTALL 等にも、デッドロックの危険があるからGetStackTrace()でmallocは呼ばない方が良いのだと注記されていました。バックトレースを行なう関数というと、glibcにそのままの名前の関数 backtrace ( ) というのがあり、 #include するだけですぐ使えたりするんですが、この関数は内部でmallocを呼ぶことがあるのでできれば避けろと書かれてます。arm portでもそれに従い自作することにしました。ま、そんなに難しいわけではありません。
フレームポインタが省略されていないと仮定すると、arm-gccでコンパイルしたコードの、関数の入口部分は次のようになってます。 % armv5tel-redhat-linux-gnueabi-objdump -d example ... 0000853c < main > : 853 c : e1a0c00d mov ip , sp 8540 : e92dd800 push {fp , ip , lr , pc} objdumpのバージョンによっては stmdb sp ! , {fp , ip , lr , pc} と表示される場合もありますが、単に表記が違うだけでマシン語のバイト列は同じです。2行目のpushが実行された後のスタックのレイアウトは、こんな感じです。なので、bt関数は
#define OFFSET_FP_TO_SAVED_FP
( - 3 ) #define OFFSET_FP_TO_LR 2 static void ** NextStackFrame ( void ** old_sp ) { void ** new_sp = ( void **) * old_sp ; // initial value of fp regigster ( at _start ( ) ) is 0x0 . if ( ( uintptr_t ) new_sp == 0 ) return NULL ; new_sp += OFFSET_FP_TO_SAVED_FP ; // Check that the transition from frame pointer old_sp to frame // pointer new_sp is n't clearly bogus if ( new_sp <= old_sp ) return NULL ; if ( ( uintptr_t ) new_sp - ( uintptr_t ) old_sp > 100000 ) return NULL ; return new_sp ; } int GetStackTrace ( void ** result , int max_depth , int skip_count ) { void ** sp ; int n = 0 ; uintptr_t fp = 0 ; __asm__ __volatile__ ( " mov %0 , fp " : " =r " ( fp ) ) ; sp = ( void **) fp ; if ( ( uintptr_t ) sp == 0x0 ) return 0 ; sp += OFFSET_FP_TO_SAVED_FP ; while ( sp && n < max_depth ) { if ( ( uintptr_t ) sp > 0xc0000000 ) { break ; } if ( skip_count > 0 ) { skip_count --; } else { result [ n ] = *( sp + OFFSET_FP_TO_LR ) ; ++n ; } sp = NextStackFrame ( sp ) ; } return n ; } でよろしいのではないかと。説明端折りすぎ。x86版を多少書き換えただけです。インラインアセンブラ部分など。
3. シグナルを受信したときのPCの値を得る関数を書く ( src/get_pc.h )
最後に、シグナルを食らったとき、どの命令を実行していたか(program counterの値 ) を戻す関数GetPCを書きます。シグナルハンドラをsigaction()で登録する際、SA_SIGINFOというフラグを指定しておくと、シグナルハンドラの第三引数としてucontext_t*という型の構造体を得ることができますので、この構造体の中に保存されているPC値を戻してやればOKです。handlerのシグネチャ等の詳細はman sigaction。 inline void* GetPC ( const ucontext_t& signal_ucontext ) { return ( void*) signal_ucontext.uc_mcontext.arm_pc ; } これだけ。ucontext_tの内容は、sys/ucontext.h ( glibc- ports-2.7/sysdeps/unix/sysv/linux/arm/sys/ucontext.h ) とか、asm/sigcontext.h ( linux -2.6.2x/include/asm-arm/sigcontext.h ) を参照すればわかります。
ただ、カーネルが古いと(? ) 、SA_SIGINFOのucontext_t経由ではPCの値が取れないようです。手元の2.6.10カーネルではダメでした。catchsegvコマンドのソースコードである glibc-2.7/debug/segfault.c を参考に、SA_SIGINFOを指定しないでsigaction()し、glibc-ports-2.7/sysdeps/unix/sysv/linux/arm/sigcontextinfo.h の SIGCONTEXTマクロやGET_PC () マクロを使う方法なら、きちんとPCを取ることができました。詳しい事情をだれか教えて的。とりあえず、configureオプションで、こちらの実装も選択できるようにしておきました。詳細はパッチ見てください。
以上です。以下はおまけ。
perftoolsのしくみと、i386向けGetPC実装について
arm 版GetPC関数の実装は上に書いたとおりの簡素なものですが、実はx86版のGetPCの実装はもうすこし凝っています。その概要をメモとして残しておきます。google-perftoolsは、測定対象のプログラムにLD_PRELOAD等で割り込んで、main関数の前でsetitimer(ITIMER_PROF)システムコールを呼び、測定対象プロセスに一定周期でSIGPROFシグナルが飛んでくるようにします。SIGPROFのハンドラもperftoolsが用意していて、その中でさきほどのGetStackTrace()を使ったbacktrace処理が行なわれます。main( ) がfoo( ) を呼び、foo( ) がbar( ) を呼び、bao( ) の中 で SIGPROFを食らったとすると、backtraceは当然、 prof_handler ( ) <-- シグナルハンドラ bar( ) foo( ) main ( ) となるわけですが、bar ( ) 関数のプロローグ処理の前や、エピローグ処理の後にシグナルを食らうと、foo関数用のスタックフレームが構築前あるいは解体後であるため、バックトレースが prof_handler ( ) <-- シグナルハンドラ foo( ) main ( ) となってしまいます 。
perftoolsは、バックトレースの先頭の2関数を無視し、残りのトレースとGetPC()で取得したPCが指している関数をつないでコールグラフを作成するので、後者の場合だと、mainが直接barを呼ぶ、おかしなコールグラフが作成されてしまいます。これを避けるために、x86版のGetPCでは、フレーム構築前・解体後にGetPCされたときは、bar内のアドレスでは無く、foo内のアドレスを戻すように細工が行なわれます。arm版ではこの処理は行なっていません。TODOということで。
" There are some situations one simply cannot be neutral about , because when you are neutral you are an accomplice .
Objectivity does n't mean treating all sides equally .
It means giving each side a hearing . "
[ Christiane Amanpour , in response to criticism over her emotional reporting during the Siege of Sarajevo ]
She ranks # 74 among the top 100 most powerful women according to Forbes magazine .
She 's given entree where other reporters are neither welcomed nor allowed .
She 's an authority on Islam with extensive Middle East connections .
Access and humanity both distinguish her form other journalists .
Christiane Amanpour , CNN Chief International Correspondent , spoke to a sold out audience at the Philadelphia Speakers ' Series Monday night .
Amanpour worked her way up through every level .
She was a writer , a producer , a field producer , a reporter .
She and her colleagues thrived on the pioneer spirit of CNN .
They adored being the little network that could .
It was called Chicken Noodle News , they thought that was cute , that was funny , loved that fact .
And they loved the fact that they were mocked as they kicked ass all over the world .
They were part thrilled and part privileged to be participating in a revolution , because Ted Turner changed the world with CNN .
Not only did he create 24 - hour news , and all that that has meant , but he truly created the global village .
And nothing has been the same since .
Youthful exuberance and high - faulting dreams , nothing really prepared Amanpour for the intensity of the work that she took on and that she has done over the past 17 years .
She is now lamenting how news corporations are using focus groups to play to shareholders .
Those groups say that Americans do n't care about the presidential election , they do n't care about foreign news , all they care about is contemplating their own navels .
What do you say to that ?
The blogosphere has also been accused of doing some serious navel gazing of its own .
Are we ?
Amanpour does n't seem to like the recent developments online .
To her , TV news is a uniting experience , while it is much more difficult to mobilize people on the Web .
I can see why she would think that .
Yet , if you think about it , no new media has killed off another one .
It 's the age of information and social media -- newspapers , radio and television are all still here .
Yet there is one group that can drive the news organizations into extinction , and that is the news organizations themselves .
They can do that if they continue to be irrelevant .
Entertaining when they should inform .
I 'm attuned to stories of going from rags to riches , because I can identify with them .
When I came to the US , I had one suitcase and a dream with very little cash and no connections but a will to make it happen .
In Amanpour 's case , she went from riches , to rags , to fame again .
As she shared in an address to University of Michigan Spring Commencement last year
So , I think that we all , you all , are given special gifts and talents and it is , whether we make the most of it that counts .
And today , as I look out at you , my most fervent hope for you is that you find something that sets you on fire , that gives you passion and joy , something that you love and believe in so much that it makes you want to work all day and all night , something that will make you willing to sacrifice , something that instills in you a deep sense of commitment and a sense of mission , something that will eventually demand your courage , your physical , your moral , your emotional courage .
And you wo n't know when and you do n't yet know how , but you will be called upon to take a stand , to be very brave at least once , maybe several times on the road that you take ahead .
That 's what happened to me .
I came from what you might call a privileged background .
I grew up in Iran very comfortably , very safely , surrounded by a warm and loving family , fabulous friends , great schools and great fun .
And then , when I was about 20 , a revolution hit my country and overnight we were strangers in our own homeland .
We lost everything ... home , possessions and people .
We watched in horror as our friends and family members were arrested , jailed , tortured and some even executed .
My world and my worldview turned upside down .
But I quickly decided to turn loss and failure into my driving force .
And I would say , never be afraid of failure or loss .
Use it . [...] self - absorbed is so " yesterday . "
It 's out .
" Cool " is now to be a citizen of our world , not just an inhabitant .
I forgot how many times I heard " no " as well .
If you have time , do read the full address or listen to it ( 15 min. 32 sec. ) , it 's very inspiring .
When asked why does she still do it ?
Why does she risk her life in war zones ?
" I do it because I remain convinced that good journalism still matters .
If the storytellers do n't do this , then the bad guys win .
We live in a society after all , not in a marketplace , and in a society people are the software . "
Words do have consequence .
Amen to that .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
An international crackdown on Internet financial scams this year has yielded more than $ 2.1 billion in seized fake checks and 77 arrests in the Netherlands , Nigeria and Canada , U.S. and other authorities said on Wednesday .
A generic picture of a computer keyboard .
An international crackdown on Internet financial scams this year has yielded more than $ 2.1 billion in seized fake checks and 77 arrests in the Netherlands , Nigeria and Canada , U.S. and other authorities said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Catherine Benson
The scammers , often West African organized crime groups , use ploys such as “ spam ” e-mail offering to pay recipients “ processing fees ” for depositing checks , which later turn out to be phony , and sending the ostensible proceeds to the scammer , authorities said .
The ruses are aided by U.S. financial practices that quickly credit a bank customer for deposits even though it can take far longer to discover a fake check and reclaim the money from the customer .
The victims find themselves out the money they forward when the checks prove to be fake .
“ Most Americans do n’t realize they are financially liable when they fall for these scams , ” Susan Grant , vice president of the National Consumers League , said at a news conference to publicize the arrests and promote awareness of the frauds .
The crackdown netted 16 arrests in Nigeria , 60 in the Netherlands and one in Canada , said Greg Campbell , U.S. Postal Inspection Service inspector in charge of global security .
“ We shut down Internet cafes , we arrested scammers , and significantly disrupted the flow of fake checks into the United States , ” Campbell said .
Law enforcement in England also took part .
Nigeria is a recognized hotbed for the financial frauds and the other countries have significant West African populations that include fraud operators , authorities said .
Three suspects from the Netherlands and Nigeria were extradited to New York and are awaiting trial , said U.S. Assistant Attorney General Alice Fischer .
The United States is seeking to extradite five others .
NIGERIA
The United States is a major draw for the scammers .
But other English - speaking countries are also targeted , in part because of the widespread use of English on the Internet and because of Nigeria ’s large English - speaking population , Campbell said .
Nigeria has brought to court 290 cases of suspected fraud , and the prosecutions have been successful in 115 of the cases so far , said Ibrahim Lamorde , head of that country ’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission .
He said Nigeria is doing its best to stamp out the fake - check operations .
It has seized counterfeiting equipment and convened meetings of anti-fraud officials from across Africa .
But he acknowledged Nigeria has an image problem .
“ The first country that comes to mind is Nigeria , ” Lamorde said .
Two - thirds of Americans said they received at least one potential scam contact per week , and 18 percent said they or a family member had fallen for one , in a survey conducted for an alliance of banks , consumer groups and the U.S. Postal Service .
Grant said complaints to her group about fake checks have risen 60 percent this year , and the average victim loses about $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 .
Some U.S. banks have changed their practices , for example , by training tellers to better inform depositors about risks , Grant said .
She called for regulations mandating that bank customers be given clearer information .
Offers can also come in direct mail .
Fisher showed hand - written envelopes directed to her at a Justice Department address .
Inside were $ 850 checks with a Wal - Mart logo , with letters offering her a 10 percent cut if she would cash the checks and send the money back .
“ After you laugh and think how silly it is ... this shows it ( the problem ) is just completely rampant , ” she said .
Backstory :
An impeachment vote turnaround stuns Washington Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday November 7 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Republican move was meant to embarrass Democrats ; Conyers ' Judiciary Committee seems tepid Dennis Kucinich walked into his Capitol Hill office Tuesday evening clearly exhausted but full of hope .
The Ohio Democrat had just returned from the House floor where crafty Republicans had joined with dozens of liberal lawmakers across the aisle to prevent Democratic leaders from scuttling Kucinich 's call to impeach Dick Cheney .
" The millions of Americans who have called on Congress to stand up for the Constitution are finally being heard , " Kucinich told reporters in his office after lawmakers had spent two hours on the House floor considering his impeachment move .
What was supposed to be a relatively simple -- and largely symbolic -- vote meant to allow a handful of lawmakers to formally level their displeasure with Vice President Dick Cheney turned into a full - blown fracas as Republicans used some last - minute maneuvers to help keep impeachment alive .
" I 'm not going to deny there was some ( political ) gamesmanship , " Kucinich said of the Republicans who joined him to keep impeachment alive .
Regardless of the GOP motives , though , Kucinich said Cheney deserved to be impeached for lying to Americans in the run-up to the Iraq war .
The dark - horse Democratic candidate said the vice president 's ouster was the best chance America has to avoid another war with Iran .
Seven months after first introducing articles of impeachment of the vice president , Kucinich finally grew fed up with his party 's leaders who had steadfastly refused to even consider kicking the current administration out of the White House .
Even before she had first rapped the Speaker 's gavel , Nancy Pelosi declared adamantly that impeachment was " off the table . "
Kucinich , the former mayor of Cleveland , found a way around his leaders ' objections , though .
On Tuesday he introduced a privileged resolution on impeachment in the House .
Because impeachment involves a question of Congress 's Constitutional role , Kucinich 's proposal was allowed to jump the legislative queue and receive an immediate floor vote .
The privileged resolution was hailed by pro-impeachment activists as a way to finally get lawmakers on the record about whether Cheney deserved to keep his job .
About 20 Code Pink activists gathered outside a Capitol Hill conference room where Kucinich was expected to speak to reporters .
They were joined by a dozen Capitol Police officers , apparently wary of outbursts from the group that has made a name for itself disrupting events on the Hill , but Kucinich aides were unable to explain the heavy police presence .
As expected , the resolution was immediately met with a motion to table that would 've effectively scuttled any further impeachment discussion .
That move came from Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - MD ) , who like most rank - and - file Democrats opposes attempts to impeach Cheney or President Bush .
What happened next came as a surprise to virtually everyone .
Instead of taking the opportunity to kill impeachment , Republicans saw an opportunity to embarrass Democrats and force them to spend several hours on a resolution that most believe has essentially no chance of passage .
As the 15 - minute vote was nearing its close , Republicans began requesting -- one at a time -- the opportunity to change their votes .
This not only prolonged consideration of impeachment , keeping the vote open for an hour longer than scheduled , it shifted enough support to scuttle the Democrats ' attempt to kill the bill .
 We dont wish to save the Democrats from themselves when their left wing exposes themselves ,  Rep. Jack Kingston ( R - Ga. ) told Roll Call , noting that Democratic leaders were trying to draw as little attention as possible to the impeachment issue by voting to table the resolution .
 When theres an opportunity to show their strong left base , it s important for it to be seen ,  he added .
The motion to table failed on a 251 - 162 vote with 165 Republicans voting against tabling the impeachment resolution .
Democratic leaders -- and even Kucinich 's staff -- expected the tabling motion to pass easily giving the quirky Democrats bill a quiet death .
Even the 86 Democrats who voted against their party 's efforts to kill the bill came as a surprise ; Kucinich 's resolution had 22 co-sponsors and an aide to the Congressman told RAW STORY before the vote that few Democrats who were n't co-sponsors were expected to vote to keep the bill alive .
Ultimately , the fate of Kucinich 's bill is unlikely to change .
Democrats were nearly unified on a vote to send the impeachment articles to the Judiciary Committee , where it has languished since Kucinich began his effort to oust Cheney in April .
Kucinich and other progressive lawmakers implied that Judiciary Chairman John Conyers assured them he would move forward on impeachment , despite his previous reticence to do so .
" I 've spoken to Mr. Conyers , and I 'm quite confident that the bill is in good hands , " Kucinich told reporters at a press conference in his office after the vote .
A statement from the Judiciary Committee was less optimistic , saying the committee has a " very busy agenda , " including upcoming action on a foreign surveillance bill and attempts to hold current and former Bush aides in contempt of Congress .
A committee spokeswoman would not elaborate on the statement , but told RAW STORY it should not be seen as an outright dismissal of a possible impeachment hearing .
" We were surprised that the minority was so ready to move forward with consideration of a matter of such complexity as impeaching the Vice President , " read a committee statement e-mailed to reporters an hour after the vote .
" The Chairman will discuss today 's vote with the committee members but it would seem evident that the committee staff should continue to consider , as a preliminary matter , the many abuses of this Administration , including the Vice President . "
Conyers was perhaps Bush 's most vocal critic after the 2004 elections .
In 2005 , he introduced a motion to censure Bush over Iraq and torture allegations , seeking to create an select committee to investigate the administrations intent to go to war prior to congressional authorization .
The intent -- at the time -- was to subpoena the President and other members of the administration in hopes of ascertaining if impeachable offenses have been committed .
In fact , the thought that Conyers was planning to push for impeachment if the Democrats took control of the House in 2006 was so strong that he penned an article in the Washington Post titled " No Rush to Impeachment . "
" As Republicans have become increasingly nervous about whether they will be able to maintain control of the House in the midterm elections , they have resorted to the straw - man strategy of identifying a parade of horrors to come if Democrats gain the majority , " Conyers wrote in May 2006 .
" Among these is the assertion that I , as the new chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , would immediately begin impeachment proceedings against President Bush . "
" I will not do that , " he added .
" I readily admit that I have been quite vigorous , if not relentless , in questioning the administration .
The allegations I have raised are grave , serious , well known , and based on reliable media reports and the accounts of former administration officials . "
Since then , Conyers has not ruled out impeachment proceedings .
House Speaker Pelosi has .
 I have said it before and I will say it again : Impeachment is off the table ,  Pelosi said during a news conference in 2006 .
Nov. 14 , 2007  --
Only Judith Regan could draw so many famous men into one court filing .
In a $ 100 million defamation suit filed in New York Tuesday , the firebrand former publisher sues , censures or cites Rudy Giuliani , Rupert Murdoch , Mickey Mantle , Bill O'Reilly , O.J. Simpson , Roger Ailes and Bernard Kerik .
Regan accuses her former employer , News Corp. , of engineering a campaign of dirty tricks against her that allegedly involved leaking lies that she was openly anti-Semitic , disgracing and embarrassing her when she tried to publish O.J. Simpson 's fictionalized account of the murder of his wife and her friend , and suggesting she lie about her affair with a married New York City police commissioner to protect former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's presidential dreams .
In a 72 - page complaint , Regan 's attorneys claim that she was the victim of a " deliberate smear campaign orchestrated by one of the world 's largest media conglomerates for the sole purpose of destroying her credibility and reputation .
" This smear campaign was necessary to advance News Corp . 's political agenda , which has long centered on protecting Rudy Giuliani 's presidential ambitions , " read the court filing .
The complaint charges that one unnamed senior News Corp. executive " counseled Regan to lie and withhold information from investigators " about her acknowledged affair with former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik .
Another unnamed News Corp. executive " advised Regan not to produce clearly relevant documents in connection with a governmental investigation of Kerik , '' according to the complaint .
Regan also charges that she was wrongfully terminated .
Kerik attorney , Ken Breen , a former federal prosecutor , declined to respond to the complaint .
" Her lawsuit is preposterous .
That 's all we 're saying for now , '' News Corp. publicist Howard Rubenstein told the ABC News ' Law & Justice Unit .
" I think that 's a gossip column story , and the last thing in the world you want to do when you 're running for president is respond to gossip column type stories , " Giuliani said in response to reporters ' questions Wednesday .
It was unclear from court papers whether Regan actually deceived or withheld information from investigators , a potential federal felony .
A publicist for Regan declined comment , saying the filing " speaks for itself . "
A source close to Regan who did not want to be identified said the charges are " all backed up by hard evidence . "
The source denied that the complaint 's filing was timed to coincide with a week in which Simpson was in court in Las Vegas and Kerik was indicted in New York while Giuliani continued his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination .
Rise and Fall
It was Giuliani 's unwavering support of Kerik , a former Bronx beat cop , that propelled him so swiftly from a driver on the mayoral police detail to city corrections commissioner , police chief and eventually to President Bush 's nominee to direct Homeland Security .
That nomination went down in flames and deeply embarrassed both Bush and Giuliani when allegations surfaced that Kerik had employed an undocumented immigrant .
Kerik withdrew himself from consideration almost immediately .
This week he pleaded not guilty to 16 federal counts of corruption and was released on $ 500,000 bail .
Regan 's complaint , which was posted on the Web site TheSmokingGun.com , even references an unrelated and since - settled sexual harassment lawsuit against Fox commentator Bill O'Reilly .
The often brash cable television personality is quoted characterizing News Corp. as a vicious media juggernaut whose influence stretches into the Oval Office .
" If you cross Fox News Channel , '' O'Reilly is quoted as saying , " it 's not just me , it 's [ Fox president ] Roger Ailes who will go after you .
…
Ailes knows very powerful people , and this goes all the way to the top … top of the country . "
In vivid language in court filings , Regan and her lawyers build a case for her enormous financial success and the subsequent damage to that reputation .
" Regan is a self - made , hardworking , dedicated , single mother who supported herself from the age of 14 , worked her way through school , and built ( against all odds ) one of the most successful , diverse , provocative and colorful publishing imprints in history , " the complaint states .
She quotes LA Weekly magazine as calling her " the world 's most successful publisher ' ' and goes on to detail a bullet - pointed page worth of best - sellers that range from Gregory MacGuire 's " Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister " and " Son of a Witch " to shock jock Howard Stern 's " Private Parts . "
' The Big Guy ' Wants It Now
By page 13 of the complaint , Regan takes on Murdoch directly , claiming he agreed with her that a confession from O.J. Simpson , even a fictionalized one , " would not only be a remarkable , historic event but would also be a commercial success . "
The complaint claims that over dinner with Regan , Murdoch offered $ 1 million for the book and television special .
The controversial project was rolled out in mid-November 2006 , with a few , well - chosen sound bites from the television interview .
Regan claims in the complaint that she told Mike Darnell , executive vice president of alternative programming at Fox Broadcasting , that she " wanted to [ broadcast the Simpson interview ] in February , because it was in bad taste to air it during Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays .
" However , Darnell said that ' the big guy ' ( i.e , Murdoch ) wants it now , '' during the crucial November sweeps period .
But public and media backlash that resulted from prepublicity for the interview was severe and immediate .
Washington Post media critic Howard Kurtz told ABC
News at the time , " What has appalled people about this latest O.J. spectacle is that Rupert Murdoch is paying a man who most of the country believes to be a murderer to come on the air and pretend that he 's making a confession while clinging to the fictional fig leaf that he 's innocent . "
Murdoch soon canceled the entire project , and personally apologized to the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman , a move thoroughly uncharacteristic of the hard - charging media baron .
But before the public backlash , Regan and her attorneys charge , the entire upper management at book publisher HarperCollins , which is owned by News Corp. , and at News Corp. itself was fully supportive of the Regan / Simpson project .
The idea for the book project was hatched by a club promoter named Raffles Van Exel , who took it to Simpson 's oldest daughter , Arnell Simpson , according to a deposition taken in Florida this year and first reported by ABC News .
Once the project was canceled , Simpson again denied he committed the murders but acknowledged to The Associated Press that he did the book for the money , " blood money , '' as he called it .
" It 's all blood money and , unfortunately , I had to join the jackals , '' Simpson told the AP 's Linda Deutsch , referring to authors of books about him .
" It helped me get out of debt and secure my homestead . "
The controversy only fueled a long - simmering feud between Regan and HarperCollins CEO Jane Friedman .
' Pornographic ' Mickey Mantle Novel
Regan goes on the claim that News Corp.
" created a story about [ Regan ] being responsible for publishing a ' pornographic ' novel about late [ New York Yankees baseball legend ]
Mickey Mantle … to destroy Regan 's credibility , reputation and character " after the Simpson debacle .
" Specifically , Friedman and others at HarperCollins falsely described the Mantle book ( both internally and externally ) as ' porn , ' ' exploitative ' and ' vile , ' " according to the court papers .
" They even claimed that the book somehow disgraced the legacy of Mickey Mantle , even though he was a self - confessed alcoholic and was widely known as verbally abusive and a womanizer . ''
Regan goes on to describe being fired the week before Christmas last year , as fellow News Corp. employees headed to the office Christmas party .
Three days later , a News Corp. executive provided notes to The New York Times that he said were taken by a top HarperCollins lawyer during a recent conversation with Regan .
In that phone conversation , the attorney Mark Jackson quotes Regan as saying that " of all people , the Jews should know about ganging up , finding common enemies and telling the big lie . "
The Times reported Dec. 18 , 2006 that the notes were provided by Gary Ginsberg , an executive vice president at News Corp .
The paper said the notes contend that Regan went on to say that the literary agent Esther Newberg ; HarperCollins Executive Editor David Hirshey ; HarperCollins 's President , Jane Friedman and Mr. Jackson " constitute a Jewish cabal against her . "
The following week , three days before Christmas , Regan attorney Bert Fields released a statement saying that a witness had emerged to dispute those allegations .
Fields said Regan 's temporary assistant , Carmen del Toro , had called the office to say she listened in on the call in question and backed Regan 's claim that she never used the phrase " Jewish cabal " only " cabal . "
Her Way
Still , despite a sometimes gleeful and seemingly congenital ability to pick big public fights , Regan said in a recent article in Harper 's Bazaar that in August she realized she'd had enough of the limelight , during , of all things , an impromptu performance she gave of the classic ballad " My Way , ' ' in a karaoke bar in Chinatown .
Intrigued , she later recorded the song and contacted it 's author , songwriter Paul Anka .
" I asked him how the song came to be , '' she told the magazine .
" He and Frank Sinatra had been having dinner one night in 1968 , and he had confided in [ Anka ] that he was at the end , and he just did n't want to do it anymore .
He was giving up .
That night Anka wrote the lyrics to " My Way " and gave it to Sinatra the next day .
It became Sinatra 's signature and one of the most recorded songs in history .
The record shows
I took the blows
And did it my way
" People kept saying to me , ' Like a phoenix you will rise again . '
Rise to what ?
They took their punches , but they never knocked me down .
I 've tried with all my strength to stand tall and face it all .
And now , I do n't want it anymore .
I want less .
I want my life to get smaller , not bigger , '' she said , according to Harper 's Bazaar .
" That is my way . "
On January 27th , President Bush , in an interview with the Times , assured the world that “ torture is never acceptable , nor do we hand over people to countries that do torture . ”
Maher Arar , a Canadian engineer who was born in Syria , was surprised to learn of Bush ’s statement .
Two and a half years ago , American officials , suspecting Arar of being a terrorist , apprehended him in New York and sent him back to Syria , where he endured months of brutal interrogation , including torture .
When Arar described his experience in a phone interview recently , he invoked an Arabic expression .
The pain was so unbearable , he said , that “ you forget the milk that you have been fed from the breast of your mother . ”
Arar , a thirty - four - year - old graduate of McGill University whose family emigrated to Canada when he was a teen - ager , was arrested on September 26 , 2002 , at John F. Kennedy Airport .
He was changing planes ; he had been on vacation with his family in Tunisia , and was returning to Canada .
Arar was detained because his name had been placed on the United States Watch List of terrorist suspects .
He was held for the next thirteen days , as American officials questioned him about possible links to another suspected terrorist .
Arar said that he barely knew the suspect , although he had worked with the man ’s brother .
Arar , who was not formally charged , was placed in handcuffs and leg irons by plainclothes officials and transferred to an executive jet .
The plane flew to Washington , continued to Portland , Maine , stopped in Rome , Italy , then landed in Amman , Jordan .
During the flight , Arar said , he heard the pilots and crew identify themselves in radio communications as members of “ the Special Removal Unit . ”
The Americans , he learned , planned to take him next to Syria .
Having been told by his parents about the barbaric practices of the police in Syria , Arar begged crew members not to send him there , arguing that he would surely be tortured .
His captors did not respond to his request ; instead , they invited him to watch a spy thriller that was aired on board .
Ten hours after landing in Jordan , Arar said , he was driven to Syria , where interrogators , after a day of threats , “ just began beating on me . ”
They whipped his hands repeatedly with two - inch - thick electrical cables , and kept him in a windowless underground cell that he likened to a grave .
“ Not even animals could withstand it , ” he said .
Although he initially tried to assert his innocence , he eventually confessed to anything his tormentors wanted him to say .
“ You just give up , ” he said .
“ You become like an animal . ”
A year later , in October , 2003 , Arar was released without charges , after the Canadian government took up his cause .
Imad Moustapha , the Syrian Ambassador in Washington , announced that his country had found no links between Arar and terrorism .
Arar , it turned out , had been sent to Syria on orders from the U.S. government , under a secretive program known as “ extraordinary rendition . ”
This program had been devised as a means of extraditing terrorism suspects from one foreign state to another for interrogation and prosecution .
Critics contend that the unstated purpose of such renditions is to subject the suspects to aggressive methods of persuasion that are illegal in America — including torture .
Arar is suing the U.S. government for his mistreatment .
“ They are outsourcing torture because they know it ’s illegal , ” he said .
“ Why , if they have suspicions , do n’t they question people within the boundary of the law ? ”
Rendition was originally carried out on a limited basis , but after September 11th , when President Bush declared a global war on terrorism , the program expanded beyond recognition — becoming , according to a former C.I.A. official , “ an abomination . ”
What began as a program aimed at a small , discrete set of suspects — people against whom there were outstanding foreign arrest warrants — came to include a wide and ill - defined population that the Administration terms “ illegal enemy combatants . ”
Many of them have never been publicly charged with any crime .
Scott Horton , an expert on international law who helped prepare a report on renditions issued by N.Y.U. Law School and the New York City Bar Association , estimates that a hundred and fifty people have been rendered since 2001 .
Representative Ed Markey , a Democrat from Massachusetts and a member of the Select Committee on Homeland Security , said that a more precise number was impossible to obtain .
“ I ’ve asked people at the C.I.A. for numbers , ” he said .
“ They refuse to answer .
All they will say is that they ’re in compliance with the law . ”
Although the full scope of the extraordinary - rendition program is n’t known , several recent cases have come to light that may well violate U.S. law .
In 1998 , Congress passed legislation declaring that it is “ the policy of the United States not to expel , extradite , or otherwise effect the involuntary return of any person to a country in which there are substantial grounds for believing the person would be in danger of being subjected to torture , regardless of whether the person is physically present in the United States . ”
The Bush Administration , however , has argued that the threat posed by stateless terrorists who draw no distinction between military and civilian targets is so dire that it requires tough new rules of engagement .
This shift in perspective , labelled the New Paradigm in a memo written by Alberto Gonzales , then the White House counsel , “ places a high premium on . . . the ability to quickly obtain information from captured terrorists and their sponsors in order to avoid further atrocities against American civilians , ” giving less weight to the rights of suspects .
It also questions many international laws of war .
Five days after Al Qaeda ’s attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , Vice - President Dick Cheney , reflecting the new outlook , argued , on “ Meet the Press , ” that the government needed to “ work through , sort of , the dark side . ”
Cheney went on , “ A lot of what needs to be done here will have to be done quietly , without any discussion , using sources and methods that are available to our intelligence agencies , if we ’re going to be successful .
That ’s the world these folks operate in .
And so it ’s going to be vital for us to use any means at our disposal , basically , to achieve our objective . ”
The extraordinary - rendition program bears little relation to the system of due process afforded suspects in crimes in America .
Terrorism suspects in Europe , Africa , Asia , and the Middle East have often been abducted by hooded or masked American agents , then forced onto a Gulfstream V jet , like the one described by Arar .
This jet , which has been registered to a series of dummy American corporations , such as Bayard Foreign Marketing , of Portland , Oregon , has clearance to land at U.S. military bases .
Upon arriving in foreign countries , rendered suspects often vanish .
Detainees are not provided with lawyers , and many families are not informed of their whereabouts .
The most common destinations for rendered suspects are Egypt , Morocco , Syria , and Jordan , all of which have been cited for human - rights violations by the State Department , and are known to torture suspects .
To justify sending detainees to these countries , the Administration appears to be relying on a very fine reading of an imprecise clause in the United Nations Convention Against Torture ( which the U.S. ratified in 1994 ) , requiring “ substantial grounds for believing ” that a detainee will be tortured abroad .
Martin Lederman , a lawyer who left the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel in 2002 , after eight years , says , “ The Convention only applies when you know a suspect is more likely than not to be tortured , but what if you kind of know ?
That ’s not enough .
So there are ways to get around it . ”
AMERICANS ' support for the death penalty is waning , one state at a time .
States have had jurisdiction over the issue since 1976 and so differences abound .
Texas has executed most people ; California has most death - row inmates but has executed only a small number .
Since 2000 , 12 states have suspended the death penalty , including New Jersey , which is moving towards formal abolition .
Three have reversed the suspension this year .
Last year two - thirds of states executed no one .
Public opinion is also changing : a slim plurality of people said they would prefer to see prisoners locked up for life rather than executed , according to a recent poll .
AFP
This kind of dude .
You might say he's one in a million -- literally .
Is it just us or does he already look really regretful about the decision he just made ?
[ Thanks , Nate ]
In China in 2005 , the ratio was 120 boys born for every 100 girls , according to the United Nations Population Fund .
Vietnam reported a ratio of 110 boys to 100 girls last year .
And although India recorded about 108 boys for every 100 girls in 2001 , when the last census was taken , experts say the gap is sure to have widened by now .
The Population Fund warned in an October report that the rampant tinkering with nature ’s probabilities in Asia could eventually lead to increased sexual violence and trafficking of women as a generation of boys finds marriage prospects severely limited .
In South Korea , the gap in the ratio of boys to girls born began to widen in the 1970s , but experts say it became especially pronounced in the mid-1980s as ultrasound technology became more widespread and increasing wages allowed more families to pay for the tests .
The imbalance was widest from 1990 through 1995 , when it remained above 112 to 100 .
The imbalance has been closing steadily only since 2002 .
Last year ’s ratio of 107.4 boys for every 100 girls was closer to the ratio of 105 to 100 that demographers consider normal and , according to The World Factbook , published by the Central Intelligence Agency , just above the global average of 107 boys born for every 100 girls .
The preference for boys here is centuries old and was rooted in part in an agrarian society that relied on sons to do the hard work on family farms .
But in Asia ’s Confucian societies , men were also accorded special status because they were considered the carriers of the family ’s all - important bloodline .
That elevated status came with certain perquisites  men received their families ’ inheritance  but also responsibilities .
Once the eldest son married , he and his wife went to live with his family ; he was expected to support his parents financially while his wife was expected to care for them in their old age .
Coulter finds it ludicrous that " liberals " are so adamant about capturing Osama bin Laden .
" Arresting Osama is like saying if we put Kenny Rogers in jail , country music would end . "
Coulter 's 45 - minute presentation elicited many laughs , loud cheers and roars of approval , although plenty of her statements made little sense no matter their relation to fact .
The only subdued groan from the middle of the room came when Coulter stated : " If the terrorists were to take [ Nancy Pelosi ] hostage they would n't even have to blindfold her . "
Coulter was invited by the USC College Republicans to speak for Islamo - Fascism Awareness
Week but all she really seemed interested in was selling her latest book , which apparently conflates defeating terrorists with taking out " liberals . "
" I 've never seen such a friendly crowd at a college campus , " Coulter beamed as the standing - room audience of about 250 settled down after the majority greeted her with a standing ovation .
At least that 's what we were led to believe during a nearly ten minute , extended Wikipedia - style introduction of the lawyer - turned - talking head at USC's Annenberg Auditorium .
Terrorism is everywhere , and , the terrorists -- not unlike these " liberals , " according to Coulter -- want to do nothing but kill Americans and their training ground is Iraq .
To say that Iraq did n't attack America on 9/11 is to surrender to the terrorists , she added .
Her presentation was so disconnected and wrought with contradictions and fabrications attributed to imagined sources such as " Czech intelligence , " with deliberately rhythmic punchlines , it seemed only natural for the rational part of one 's brain to shut down and giggle along .
Perhaps most disturbing was Coulter 's predilection for name - calling and self - serving statements which obfuscated any sense of humanity -- our troops in Iraq are mentioned only by number , as if they are merely expendable devices to protect the homeland and secure " victory . "
Casualties are going down , she said , adding that at this rate , " only 6,000 " American soldiers will have to die in Iraq to assure us of 10 full years without " another 9/11 . "
Speaking unchallenged , for an adoring crowd , Coulter came off as a quick - witted humorist with a simple , albeit delusional black &white view of the world .
Nobody dared step up to the mike during the 30 minute Q&A without prefacing their question with : " My name 's Mark and I am a very proud conservative ... "
Equally uninspiring were the protesters who gathered outside the north entrance of the Annenberg School during Coulter 's two hour stint .
While signs protesting the war and many of Coulter 's more controversial statements are a welcome sight , the effort put forth to protest Coulter plays into her schtick .
Event the public safety officers monitoring the protesters were busting up laughing .
As the ethos of the so - called Conservative Right and that of a black - and - white , two party political system wears thin and Coulter 's adoring minions have their final last laugh , perhaps they 'll come to see the Coulter charade ( not unlike much of the programming on Fox News ) as little more than a crude joke -- the kind of entertainment that amounts to constantly deriding and bullying the smart kids in class .
Photos and video by Andy Sternberg for LAist .
On the day after Al Gore shared the Nobel Peace Prize , The Wall Street Journal ’s editors could n’t even bring themselves to mention Mr. Gore ’s name .
Instead , they devoted their editorial to a long list of people they thought deserved the prize more .
And at National Review Online , Iain Murray suggested that the prize should have been shared with “ that well - known peace campaigner Osama bin Laden , who implicitly endorsed Gore ’s stance . ”
You see , bin Laden once said something about climate change — therefore , anyone who talks about climate change is a friend of the terrorists .
What is it about Mr. Gore that drives right - wingers insane ?
Partly it ’s a reaction to what happened in 2000 , when the American people chose Mr. Gore but his opponent somehow ended up in the White House .
Both the personality cult the right tried to build around President Bush and the often hysterical denigration of Mr. Gore were , I believe , largely motivated by the desire to expunge the stain of illegitimacy from the Bush administration .
And now that Mr. Bush has proved himself utterly the wrong man for the job — to be , in fact , the best president Al Qaeda ’s recruiters could have hoped for — the symptoms of Gore derangement syndrome have grown even more extreme .
Chace Crawford 's Sister Could be Carrie Underwood 's Twin ( Pictures )
is n't the only star in his family .
Turns our his 19 year old sisterhas a new claim to fame .
She was crowned Miss Missouri USA 2008 last week and will compete in the 2008 Miss USA pageant .
If that were n't enough , she looks amazing like his current love interest , country western singer
This could be mere coincidence but the sister and girl friend are nearly identical in these recent photos .
I 'm not sure what that says about Chace Crawford but we thought the information was news worthy .
Candice Crawford is dating Dallas Cowboys QB Tony Romo - see details .
The dress that the newly crowned Miss Missouri is wearing is also remarkably like the one Carrie Underwood was wearing at the recent CMA Awards when she took Female Vocalist and Female Entertainer honors .
So they share the same taste in clothing .
We 've included some additional pictures of Carrie Underwood including the CMA Awards dress that seems to bear a striking resemblance to Miss Missouri's .
Click each thumbnail photo for a better view .
The company selling the T - shirts now wants its money back
They had pledged five euros ( £ 3.50 ) from each sale to the Farc in Colombia or the PFLP ( Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ) .
Both are classified as terrorist groups by the European Union .
The judges ruled that while the groups took part in murders and kidnappings , they were not guilty of terrorism .
Test case
Their ruling is being seen as a test case for Denmark 's anti-terrorist laws introduced in 2002 , which make it illegal to finance groups that feature on the EU 's list of terrorist organisations .
While the court agreed the extremists ' actions fell under an article in Denmark 's penal code on terrorism , they decided there was no proof that their aim was to destabilise or destroy the foundations of society .
Danish police raided the clothing company , Fighters and Lovers , last year , seizing T - shirts and computers and shutting down its website .
The clothing company said it would now seek the return of its confiscated funds so that it could send the money to its two destinations , a Farc radio station and a graphics shop which produces posters in the Palestinian territories .
The Farc has been involved in a 40 - year conflict with Colombian state forces and right - wing paramilitary groups , in which tens of thousands of civilians have died .
The PFLP , which combines Arab nationalism with Marxist - Leninist ideology , has carried out suicide attacks inside Israel and against Jewish settlements .
Your comments :
The first thing that people have to do , in order to support this type of groups , is to know really what they are fighting for , and which kind of methods they use .
Alejandro , Bogotá
This was not the correct action to take .
Ensuring individuals do not wreck society is one condition , but they chose to spend their money in whatever way they decide and this should not be regulated by the government .
Every society needs dynamics and this is one of those .
Necessary to keep it in equilibrium .
Hans Gruber , Delaware , USA
These are kids looking to get noticed .
Trying to be cool and controversial .
Dinesh Patel , London
I agree with this ruling .
Even though some of the actions by these militant organisations can be regarded as terrorism , that does n't mean that the organisation is a terrorist organisation .
Similarly , the fact that Israel violates international law in some ways , does not mean that Israel is some sort of " criminal " state .
We do n't prosecute people for supporting Israel , not even if they are involved in funding some of the actions by Israel that are considered to be illegal by most of the international community , like e.g. building settlements in the occupied territories .
Johan de Vries , Amsterdam
First piece of common sense in the world of anti-terrorism legislation for a while .
Camilo , London
Leave it to Newt to spread some love to the left this morning .
It 's all the evil --- liberals that caused this horrific tragedy .
I guess I could say that Newt influenced Timothy McVeigh ...
Download Download
He makes no sense in defending his POV --- which is n't surprising ... He used McCain / Feingold and Halloween costumes to make his case .... Need I say more ?
STEPHANOPOULOS : How about the broader context ?
After Columbine , you gave a speech where you blamed 35 -- blamed the shootings on 35 years of liberalism .
( transcript via ABC below the fold )
You went -- you said , " I want to say to the elite of this country , the elite news media , the liberal academic elite , the liberal political elite -- I accuse you in Littleton of being afraid to talk about the mess you 've made and being afraid to take responsibility for the things you have done , and instead foisting on the rest of us pathetic banalities because you do n't have the courage to look at the world you have created . "
Do you stand by that prescription today ?
GINGRICH : Yes , I think the fact is , if you look at the amount of violence we have in games that young people play at 7 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 15 years of age , if you look at the dehumanization , if you look at the fact that we refuse to say that we are , in fact , endowed by our creator , that our rights come from God , that if you kill somebody , you 're committing an act of evil .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But what does that have to do with liberalism ?
GINGRICH : Well , who has created a situation ethics , essentially , zone of not being willing to talk about any of these things .
Let me carry another example .
I strongly supported Imus being dismissed , but I also think the very thing he was dismissed for , which is the use of language which is stunningly degrading of women -- the fact , for example , that one of the Halloween costumes this last year was being able to be either a prostitute or a pimp at 10 , 11 , 12 years of age , buying a costume , and we do n't have any discussion about what 's happened to our culture because while we 're restricting political free speech under McCain - Feingold , we say it 's impossible to restrict vulgar and vicious and anti-human speech .
And I would argue that that 's a major component of what 's happened to our culture in the last 40 years .
Your digital camera can be a lot more useful than you might think , especially while traveling .
If you ’re not a flashpacker like me who does n’t mind lugging around a cellphone , watch , PDA and laptop , your digital camera can easily pull double - duty and really help you out in a pinch .
Here are twelve novel uses you probably never thought of for your digital camera :
Vagabondish is reader - supported .
When you buy through links on our site , we may earn an affiliate commission .
Read our disclosure .
# 1 – Post a Digital Reward Flyer
Draw up a reward flyer on with a standard piece of a paper and magic marker .
Include your e-mail address and a reward amount , if applicable .
Take a picture of it with your camera and use your camera ’s options to “ lock ” this file and prevent accidental deletion .
It ’s a small precaution , but if your camera ’s ever lost , its finder will at least have a way to contact you .
# 2 – Subway Map
Find a large , complete map of the local subway system and snap a picture of it .
It ’s like your very own Google Maps for the subway .
You can zoom in and out of it .
And , if you get lost , you can easily find a local bystander , zoom in on your destination station and point it out to them on the screen .
Oftentimes , it ’s easier , especially in Asia , to be able to point to the symbol of where you ’re trying to go rather than enunciate the name of your destination .
# 3 – Stadium and Arena Map
When we arrived in Montreal on a recent trip and found that U2 was in town , we knew we had to pick up a pair of tickets on the streets .
We used our digital camera to capture the complete seating chart of the Bell Centre .
We felt much more at ease talking to ticket scalpers outside the arena because we knew exactly where the seats were for the tickets they were trying to sell us .
# 4 – Mirror
Traveling with a mirror is a quick way to wind up picking glass fragments out of your travel gear and , more importantly , your hands .
And forget those plastic travel mirrors that warp , fog , and crack .
Just get that funky stuff out of your teeth in the morning with your digital camera .
Depending on the ambient lighting , you can either use the blacked - out LCD to check out your reflection or simply take a picture of yourself and review it .
# 5 – Keep You Company
If you ’re traveling alone for any length of time , you ’ll no doubt experience bouts of loneliness .
Before you leave , take pictures of your loved ones , pets , car , XBox … whatever conjures pleasant memories of home .
You also might want to lock these photos to protect against accidental deletion .
# 6 – Snap Your Luggage
Face it : your luggage probably looks just like 90 % of the luggage out there .
Let me guess : it ’s black with a few zippered pockets ?
Snap a few pictures of the bags your toting around before you leave .
If they wind up lost in Tahiti when you ’re headed to Taiwan , it ’ll be much easier to show the airline clerk a photo rather than trying to explain how “ It ’s big and black with zippers . ”
# 7 – Recalling Where You ’re Staying
With a digital camera , you can take a picture of your hotel and the nearest street sign , as well as any nearby landmarks , and then show those pictures to your taxi driver or to anyone from whom you might need to get directions .
For English - speakers this is especially helpful in Asia , India , and any country where the language may be difficult to pronounce and read .
It ’s also a heck of a lot easier than asking your hotel clerk to repeat the hotel name fifteen times while you struggle to convert a twenty - two syllable word with no consonants into something legible on a folded sheet of paper .
# 8 – Photograph Your Child
Perhaps the quickest , easiest precaution you can take while traveling with children is to take their photo everyday .
If they get lost , you ’ll have an instant visual of exactly what they were wearing to show local law enforcement .
( Hat tip : Budget Travel )
# 9 – Avoid Rental Car Scams
Search Chris Elliott ’s site and you ’ll find no shortage of car rental company scams .
Use your digital camera to take your own photos of your rental car the minute you pick it up .
As an added safeguard should you ever wind up in court disputing when any damage occurred , you might want to get your cell phone in the photo too since the date and timestamp is difficult to fake .
# 10 – Remembering Where You ’ve Been
This may seem obvious , but I personally admit to taking a dozen or so pictures of newfound friends while traveling and then having no idea where I met them or where the photo was taken .
Oddly enough , this happens most often at bars and pubs .
Hm .
As mentioned above , this is also particularly useful far off the beaten path , where English is not likely to be spoken .
You may have only symbolic signs to show where you ’re eating and visiting .
And the pronunciation of locals may be of little help .
Snap a photo of the outside of your favorite restaurant , club , etc. and later you can show someone where you ’d like to go back to or where you ’ve been .
One traveler noted :
I live in Japan and have been hopeless at learning the writing system .
Now I take pictures of signs / shops etc that I ’ve been looking at for years but still do n’t know what they mean .
I take the pic , get on the train , pull out my electronic dictionary and look - up the ‘ kanji ’ and am starting to learn a lot faster now .
# 11 – Photocopy Flyers
Urban centers are riddled with flyers promoting club goings - on and events at local bars and pubs .
If you see one you like , snap a photo of it rather than carrying the tattered remnants of a flyer in your pocket .
# 12 – A Backup Light
If you find yourself waking up in the middle of the night in a dark hostel somewhere , use your digital camera as a makeshift lantern .
Flick through your recent travel photos to a nice , bright outside shot or simply keep a photo you ’ve taken of a washed - out , sunlit sky .
The light from the LCD screen on most digital cameras is bright enough to work as a backup flashlight / lantern in a pinch .
The flash is also a nice , bright light source , albeit a bit more difficult and , in the case of hostels , rude and inconvenient to use .
Aside from taking plain ol ’ photos , what clever uses do you have for your digital camera while traveling ?
By Peter Caddick - Adams
Military historian
Through German lines at Cambrai
The massive tank attack at Cambrai on the Western Front in November 1917 was not the debut of this fearsome military machine .
That was at the Somme the year before .
But it was Cambrai that conclusively proved the worth of the tank , with 476 British vehicles helping to break through the German lines .
But as well as changing warfare forever , Cambrai , which led to the creation of the Royal Tank Regiment , led to a new word entering the popular - as well as the military - lexicon .
It was never intended to be that way .
Tank was just a cover name for the new device .
Made of boiler plate and covered with rivets , they resembled a piece of agricultural machinery , so were dubbed " mobile water tanks for Mesopotamia " - a plausible concept .
The establishment had planned to call them landships , but tank stuck instead .
It 's why we have the expression built like a tank , signifying something big , strong or sturdy .
And tank was not the only addition to the popular lexicon ; World War I changed our vocabulary for ever .
From trenches to the catwalk
There were plenty of terms that made their debut in the Great War .
Trench coats were devised by clothing manufacturers to keep officers warm and dry .
Today the garment is a fashion staple , the beltrings a feature originally used to carry hand grenades .
Concrete bunkers became pill boxes .
The flying ace arrived in the world of military aviation .
Initially to denote a top pilot in the manner of the playing card , it came to mean those who had downed five or more opponents .
Terms like huns , Fritz , for Frederick the Great of Prussia and Jerry , the slang for a chamber pot that resembled an upturned German helmet , burnt themselves into the national consciousness .
Shell shock was a medical term popularised after 1914 , which today means any kind of extreme surprise .
Something top hole was associated with a superior dug - out or shelter .
Over the top , meaning excessive enthusiasm , was inspired by those often fruitless attacks which involved climbing out of the trenches .
Gas masks
There were also phrases that , while not created or modified for the war , vaulted into mainstream usage .
Where military men had referred to sharpshooters and marksmen for centuries , the arrival of so many gamekeepers and hunters at the front meant that the 19th Century coinage , sniper , took off .
The sniper was one who could hit the most challenging of game birds , the snipe .
Goggle - eyed in a gas mask
Eyewash , meaning rubbish or nonsense , was to wrongly claim your eyes were affected by gas and needed treatment .
Similarly , dud - someone or something that is no good - came to mean a shell that had not exploded .
We still talk of being chin-strapped when excessively tired , which came from the days when exhausted soldiers felt they could only remain upright if suspended by the straps of their helmets .
Ack -ack , meaning anti-aircraft fire , came from the 1914 - 18 phonetic alphabet .
Just as common is flak , an abbreviation of the German phrase for the same thing , fleiger abwehr kanone .
Borrowed words
The Germans also gave us panzer , their word for tank , while in 1940 , they gave us blitz - literally lightning - for their method of surprise attack .
And strafe , which came to be associated with planes raking fire across ground targets , came from the Kaiser 's phrase , " Gott strafe England " ( God punish England ) .
Countless foreign soldiers joined the fray
As many as 5.3 million men passed through this area in uniform in 1914 - 18 and handed down a strange assortment of words which survive to this day .
Blighty , meaning homeland , is from the Urdu bilayti , meaning foreign .
Urdu also provided kushi , which in time became cushy - comfortable or pleasant .
A wallah , identifying a soldier with a specific task , came from the Hindi prefix vala , meaning doer .
Hindustan gave us shufti - to look around , or go on a reconnaissance .
French words were corrupted or abbreviated , so reconnaissance became recce , while vin blanc - sold by every roadside cafe - emerged as plonk .
One wonders what new words will emerge as a result of British military operations in the Balkans , Afghanistan or Iraq ; the next piece of jargon for a tactic or technology could be the next generation 's slang .
Taming the IXP network processor , Lal George and Matthias Blume .
PLDI 2003 .
We compile Nova , a new language designed for writing network processing applications , using a back end based on integer - linear programming ( ILP ) for register allocation , optimal bank assignment , and spills .
The compiler 's optimizer employs CPS as its intermediate representation ; some of the invariants that this IR guarantees are essential for the formulation of a practical ILP model .
Appel and George used a similar ILP - based technique for the IA32 to decide which variables reside in registers but deferred the actual assignment of colors to a later phase .
We demonstrate how to carry over their idea to an architecture with many more banks , register aggregates , variables with multiple simultaneous register assignments , and , very importantly , one where bank - and register - assignment cannot be done in isolation from each other .
Our approach performs well in practise -- without causing an explosion in size or solve time of the generated integer linear programs .
For years , the folks at The Pirate Bay have stuck in the craw of officials at The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry .
The lobby group for the record industry has grown fond of branding the leading BitTorrent site as an international hub for illegal file sharing .
Now the international anti-piracy organization can add " domain name raider " to its litany .
IFPI.com , a domain that once belonged to the IFPI , is now the property of a well - known staff member of The Pirate Bay , according to whois searches .
( Ownership of IFPI.org , the main domain for the international anti-piracy organization , has n't changed . )
IFPI.com now features a bare - bones site for an organization dubbed the International Federation of Pirates Interests .
It 's unclear exactly how The Pirate Bay got a hold of the domain of its nemesis .
We 're guessing someone at the organization forgot to renew it .
" It 's not a hack , " Peter Kopimi , the Pirate Bay staff member told TorrentFreak .
" Someone just gave us the domain name .
We have no idea how they got it , but it 's ours and we 're keeping it . " ®
A rash of attacks on abortion and family planning clinics has struck Albuquerque this month , the first such violence there in nearly a decade .
Two attacks occurred early Tuesday at two buildings belonging to Planned Parenthood of New Mexico , according to Albuquerque police and fire officials .
An arson fire damaged a surgery center the organization uses for abortions , and the windows of a Planned Parenthood family planning clinic 12 blocks away were smashed , the officials said .
Neither building sustained significant damage , and activities at both of them resumed Wednesday , a spokeswoman said .
The attacks came just weeks after the Albuquerque clinic run by a nationally known abortion provider , Dr. Curtis Boyd , was destroyed by arsonists on Dec. 6 .
Operations abroad have put pressure on Britain 's military forces
In the memo , leaked to the Daily Telegraph , Gen Sir Richard Dannatt said the Army was undermanned because of operations in Afghanistan and Iraq .
He also said vital equipment was being used " at the edge of sustainability " .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said the forces were working hard but the current situation was " manageable " .
Gen Dannatt also said the Army has " almost no capability to react to the unexpected " .
He said : " It is difficult to predict the long - term effect of this level of pressure on people .
It is critical that we improve manning as quickly as we can . "
There is reportedly just one battalion of 500 troops , called the Spearhead Lead Element , available to be used in an emergency , such as a major domestic terrorist attack or a rapid deployment overseas .
BBC defence correspondent Paul Wood said the Army currently comprised about 98,000 personnel , some 2,000 soldiers short of capacity .
He said the internal memo was leaked to put political pressure on the government ahead of a spending review .
" Although clearly there 's politics at play here , I think this is a heartfelt plea from Gen Dannatt that if things are just about sustainable now , it cannot go on for much longer like this , " our correspondent added .
Revisit planning
The document also said that Britain 's second back - up unit , the Airborne Task Force , which is formed around the Parachute Regiment , could not deploy fully .
It blamed this on " shortages in manpower , equipment and stocks " .
The MoD conceded that if " operations continue at this pace , we will have to revisit our planning assumptions " .
The spokesman added : " In recent months , we have drawn down our force levels in a number of operations .
" The Armed Forces ' mission in Northern Ireland will end on 31 July ; we withdrew the bulk of our forces from Bosnia - Herzegovina earlier this year and ... we will reduce further our force levels in Iraq by 500 .
It is critical that we improve manning as quickly as we can
Gen Sir Richard Dannatt
" We are certainly not complacent about the longer term implications , which we are acutely aware of and are addressing . "
Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , said the lack of reserves was " an appalling situation and damning indictment " of the way the government handled the Services .
" They are being asked to carry out tasks for which they are neither funded nor equipped .
There is an urgent need to review our strategic approach because we cannot continue over - stretching our Forces . "
In October Gen Dannatt said that the presence of UK armed forces in Iraq " exacerbates the security problems " and they should " get out some time soon " .
He also said that initial planning for the post - war period had been poor .
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . ( AP ) --
The bizarre play seemed guaranteed to fail .
Guarantees , though , had a rough day Sunday when the New England Patriots stayed unbeaten with a 34 - 13 win over the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Tom Brady threw four touchdown passes , Randy Moss caught two and Steelers safety Anthony Smith , who guaranteed his team would win , was burned on two long scoring throws .
" It was said , it was documented and it was printed , " Moss said .
" We wanted it more . "
Even coach Bill Belichick , who rarely criticizes opponents publicly , took a shot at the second - year pro : " We 've played against a lot better safeties than him . "
Smith did n't look very good on the weird double lateral play on the Patriots ' first possession of the second half .
The gadget play gave them a 24 - 13 lead against the NFL 's stingiest defense when Jabar Gaffney scored on Brady 's 56 - yard pass .
The Patriots became the fifth team with a 13 - 0 record , joining the 1934 Chicago Bears , 1972 Miami Dolphins , 1998 Denver Broncos and 2005 Indianapolis Colts .
They can become the first team since the 1972 Dolphins to finish a regular season undefeated ; those Dolphins were 14 - 0 , then won three postseason games for the NFL 's only perfect season .
" This is the point in the year when we 're going to have to start playing our best football , " Patriots offensive tackle Matt Light said .
" I do n't think anyone can say we 've been doing that the past couple of weeks .
It 's good to be back on track . "
The victory clinched a first - round playoff bye , and the Patriots should be big favorites to take a 15 - 0 record into their season finale at the New York Giants .
Their key play started when Brady threw a low lateral to Moss , who fumbled .
" I bet everybody was like uh - oh , uh - oh , uh - oh , " Moss said .
But he quickly picked it up and threw back to the NFL 's leading quarterback on a play the Patriots practice occasionally .
" That was the first time it worked in weeks , " Brady said .
" He made a great play to pick it up and throw it back to me .
It was a big turnaround . "
By the time Brady threw the ball , Smith was sprinting to catch up to Gaffney .
He leaped and swatted at the ball , but missed as Gaffney cradled it in the end zone .
" I saw him coming .
I was like , it 's too late , the ball made it in , " Gaffney said . , " We took [ the guarantee ] as a challenge .
We were going to come out here and show them what he had . "
The lopsided victory followed a two - game struggle in which the Patriots ( 13 - 0 ) needed late comebacks to beat teams with losing records , Philadelphia and Baltimore .
They had a short week to prepare for the Steelers ( 9 - 4 ) after beating the Ravens on Monday night on a touchdown catch by Gaffney with 44 seconds left .
Pittsburgh coach Mike Tomlin discounted the impact of Smith 's guarantee .
" The comments were irrelevant , " he said .
" It 's how you play when the game begins . "
Smith said they were n't reported accurately .
" If I had been quoted right , it would n't have come out the way it did , " he said .
The Steelers would have clinched a playoff berth with a victory , but still lead the AFC North .
Brady is four scoring passes shy of Peyton Manning 's record of 49 set in 2004 and moved ahead of Dan Marino 's 44 in 1986 into third place .
Marino holds the second spot with 48 .
Moss caught touchdown passes of 4 and 63 yards in a span of 1:59 midway through the first half and has 19 to move into second place for a season .
Jerry Rice 's record of 22 is in sight .
Brady also threw a scoring pass of 2 yards to Wes Welker .
It was a beating like so many the Patriots handed out in their first 10 games , when their average victory margin was 25.4 points .
And Smith 's guarantee " definitely fired them up , " Steelers quarterback Ben Roethslisberger said of the Patriots .
Just before the 2 - minute warning at the end of the game , the fans began chanting " Guarantee ! " to mock Smith , whose picture was shown on the scoreboard .
The Steelers were unlikely victims .
They started the day allowing just 12.9 points per game with only one reception of more than 40 yards .
The Patriots had two catches of over 50 Sunday .
Both of them put Smith in the spotlight .
On the 63 - yard touchdown to Moss , Smith took a few steps forward and Moss flew by him and had at least a 10 - yard edge on Smith when he caught the ball .
Then came Gaffney 's touchdown .
Brady finished 32 - of - 46 for 399 yards and no interceptions .
The Patriots all but abandoned the run at halftime and gained 22 yards on nine carries for the game .
The Steelers led 3 - 0 on Jeff Reed 's 23 - yard field goal , then fell behind 14 - 3 on Moss ' two touchdowns .
But Roethslisberger 's 32 - yard scoring pass to Najeh Davenport cut that to 14 - 10 .
Reed added a 44 - yard field goal late in the first half .
The Patriots ' defense held the Steelers to 156 yards and no points in the second half .
Moss gained 135 yards and Gaffney had 122 as each caught seven passes .
Willie Parker rushed for 124 yards for Pittsburgh .
Game notes
Belichick improved to 100-39 as Patriots coach , including the playoffs .
... Brady was n't sacked .
In 476 pass attempts this season , he 's been sacked just 16 times .
... Pittsburgh played without starting safeties Ryan Clark , on injured reserve , and Troy Polamalu , who has a knee injury .
Starting cornerback Deshea Townsend left the game in the third quarter , but returned .
Report : Giuliani law firm lobbying was ' threat ' to Bush antiterror efforts Jason Rhyne
Published : Tuesday December 4 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
The law firm of GOP presidential hopeful Rudy Giuliani , whose stated commitment to fighting global terrorism is a central campaign theme , was involved in lobbying Congress to pass legislation that the Bush administration believes could have harmed its antiterror policies , according to a new report .
Giuliani's firm , Bracewell & Giuliani , pushed for " legislation that the Bush administration calls a threat to antiterrorism efforts in the Horn of Africa , " report Eric Lipton and Russ Buettner in the New York Times .
The former mayor was not " personally involved " in the lobbying , however , says the paper .
The law firm 's client was an Ethiopian political party called Coalition for Unity and Democracy , which sought to convince Congress to restrict aid to Ethiopia if the country 's government did agree to " share power with opposition parties and take other steps promoting democracy , " according to the Times .
But the Bush administration backs the current Ethiopian regime , which it believes is an ally in fighting terrorism in the region .
Bracewell & Giuliani " used Mr. Giuliani's name in its pitch to win the assignment , and his clout was a reason it landed the job , " Seyoum Solomon , an Ethiopian - American who helped the law firm land the deal , told the Times .
" He is a popular Republican , a good friend of the president and he might have some influence on the State Department , " Solomon said .
" As part of its work , the Giuliani group set up a meeting at the White House last year at which the administration was urged to consider the viewpoint of a consortium of Ethiopian political parties , " reports the paper .
" The reality is , in fact , it does harm a relationship " with an ally , a State Department source told the Times about the legislation promoted by the law firm .
A spokesman for the Giuliani campaign suggested the candidate 's " views were not necessarily consistent with the lobbying stands taken in Washington by Bracewell & Giuliani . "
The relationship between Giuliani's firm and the Ethiopian group ended last year , according to Solomon , because " the firm had not lined up more news coverage and never delivered on a promised meeting with Mr. Giuliani . "
Bracewell & Giuliani told the paper such a meeting had never been promised .
Giuliani calls it quits at consulting firm
In addition to his law firm , Giuliani has also maintained extensive -- and at times , controversial -- business ties through his consulting group , Giuliani Partners , which he founded shortly after leaving office as New York mayor .
As reported last month by the Wall Street Journal , one of the firm 's clients is the government of Qatar , a country thought to have harbored alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Shekh Mohammad .
The Village Voice 's Wayne Barrett recently detailed what he asserts are further connections between the former mayor 's consulting firm and aiders and abettors of terrorists in Qatar .
But Giuliani has now stepped down from the firm according to a Tuesday report from the Journal 's Mary Jacoby , although no official announcement of the move was ever made .
" As recently as two weeks ago , the firm 's Web site identified the candidate as its chairman and CEO , " writes Jacoby .
" Over the past few months , the firm did n't correct media reports that said Mr. Giuliani retained his positions at the firm while running for office . "
Peter Powers , Giuliani Partners ' new chairman , told the paper that Giuliani currently has " no role in the management of the firm , " and has n't since this past spring .
Giuliani remains , however , a 30 % equity owner in the business , Powers said .
In the January issue of Vanity Fair , Michal Shnayerson weighs in on what he characterizes as sharp contrasts between Giuliani 's campaign persona and the " poor judgment " of the former mayor 's business decisions .
" There are , it seems , at least two Rudolph Giulianis .
One is the crusading former U.S. attorney and 9/11 - bedecked ex-mayor of New York , " writes Shnayerson .
" The other Rudy Giuliani is the one who has brazenly built a business on his 9/11 fame . "
One the sanest commentators in Britain , Matthew Parris , argues against criminalizing anti-gay speech .
Good for him .
Money quote :
When seeking to identify proposed legislation of doubtful practical use , it is a useful rule of thumb to watch out for ministers and lobbyists claiming its virtue to be that it will send out a message ’ that this or that is socially unacceptable .
It is as though the criminal law was really just a branch of public service advertising another way , alongside radio , television and the newspapers , or perhaps direct leafleting , of signalling a recommended set of values to the citizenry ...
When the Theft Act was introduced in 1967 , I do n’t recall that anyone claimed its value to be that it sent out a message ’ that stealing was unacceptable .
If someone bashes me over the head because I 'm gay , I want them prosecuted for assault , not bigotry .
They have an absolute right to their bigotry , as I have an absolute right to call them on it .
But the law should criminalize nothing but specific acts that anyone , regardless of their race , religion , orientation or whatever .
Here 's hoping Britain will escape the worst of the hate - crime nonsense peddled by the p.c. left in America .
But I 'm hardly optimistic .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Charles Law , 48 , of Borehamwood , in Herts , admitted assaulting a boy of 13 after he was teased about it by a group of teenagers .
St Albans Crown Court heard he pretended to have a knife and lashed out , kicking one boy in the knee .
Julia Flanagan , defending , said Law had a tendency to over - react when teased , but would now shave off his moustache .
' Matter of pride '
Law was given a two - year conditional discharge over the offence on Christmas Eve last year and told to pay three boys £ 75 damages for their " frightening " ordeal .
The court heard he had been in trouble before with moustache - related incidents and had convictions for affray and threats .
Ms Flanagan said her client had promised to shave his spectacular growth to avoid further trouble .
Judge John Plumstead said : " I have mixed feelings about his decision to give up his moustache .
" It is plainly a matter of pride , and it must have taken a great deal of time and work to develop . "
The judge said Law had " put the boys to flight by a show of force which convinced them he had a knife " .
Get Jeremy from Pure Pwnage on the Colbert Report !
by : Pure Pwnage Community
recipient : Stephen Colbert
Hey Stephen !
We want Jeremy from Pure Pwnage on the Colbert Report !
http://www.purepwnage.com
read petition letter ▾
http://www.purepwnage.com
We want Jeremy from Pure Pwnage on the Colbert Report !
http://www.purepwnage.com
In a long - anticipated Advent message to the 38 primates of the communion , the Very Rev Rowan Williams criticised African and other church leaders who have consecrated their own American bishops and offered to look after the small number of dioceses whose conservative American bishops have said they wish to separate from the US church and seek oversight from foreign provinces .
In a rebuke to conservatives who claim theirs is the true and only voice of authentic Anglican identity , Williams said : " Not everyone carrying the name of Anglican can claim to speak authentically for the identity we share as a global fellowship ... a great deal of the language that is around in the communion at present seems to presuppose that any change from our current deadlock is impossible , that division is unavoidable and that such division represents so radical a difference in fundamental faith that no recognition and future co-operation can be imagined .
I cannot accept these assumptions and I do not believe as Christians we should see them as beyond challenge . "
The detailed statement is likely to infuriate conservative Anglican pressure groups , who have been demanding that the church should discipline or expel the Americans for electing the Right Rev Gene Robinson , the openly gay bishop of New Hampshire , in 2003 .
The archbishop met all the US bishops in New Orleans in September when they formulated a statement agreeing not to endorse any further gay bishops or to authorise formal blessings services for same sex couples .
His silence since that meeting has created a vacuum which has exasperated liberals and conservatives anxious for him to give a lead .
Williams put forward two proposals to keep the American church in the Anglican communion : " professionally facilitated conversations " between US leaders and their critics to try to achieve better mutual understanding , reduce tensions and clarify options , and setting up a group of primates to produce proposals to put to next year 's Lambeth conference on the issues that the gay crisis has thrown up .
Neither last night seemed likely to satisfy the church 's conservatives .
Bike Strike Hundreds Join Stone Way Ride to Protest City's Faulty Bike Plan
On Wednesday , August 1 , at rush hour , more than 300 bikers on machines of all models , shapes , and sizes crawled through Fremont two - by - two at a pace of less than five miles an hour .
The purpose : to protest the city 's decision to eliminate a planned bike lane along Stone Way North between North 34th and North 40th streets at the request of a single property owner .
Every few minutes , the whole line , which stretched for so many blocks it was impossible to see the end , would stop in place to wait for lights , a situation that caused many to kvetch good - naturedly about the situation .
" This legal riding thing is a bitch , is n't it ? " one biker , a thin young man on a red road bike , laughed .
Indeed , traffic alongside the sharrows slowed to a crawl , as bikers filled up the lane in a stark , yet entirely legal , demonstration of what happens when you tell cyclists to share the road but do n't provide them with a lane of their own .
A few bikers behind me , a woman in a bright - turquoise shirt and a beat - up hybrid had a photocopied sign affixed to either side of her panniers ; it showed a photo of Fremont property owner Suzie Burke , and read : " Madam Gridlock . "
Burke is the woman who , along with the Fremont Chamber of Commerce , convinced the mayor and the Seattle Department of Transportation ( SDOT ) to eliminate the Stone Way bike lane , arguing that eliminating a lane for motorized traffic would make it difficult for trucks to make their way along the street .
Burke has described the area as primarily industrial ; however , the majority of the businesses on Stone Way are retail , not industrial .
Unlike Critical
Mass rides , which tend to draw a crowd dominated by messengers and messenger wannabes , last week 's mellow crowd included casual riders , commuters on heavy hybrid bikes , hardcore bike geeks on hand - pedaled recumbents , and gear - bedecked weekend warriors .
Michael Snyder , a " rain , shine , sleet , or snow " rider who commutes from Ballard to Fremont daily and rides along Stone Way a few times a month , says he worries that more proposed bike lanes would , like the one on Stone Way , be replaced by " sharrows " — lane markings that let drivers know bikes are present but do n't provide a dedicated space for bikers , like bike lanes do .
A few days ago , Snyder says , he was riding in the new Stone Way sharrow when a car darted rightward into the " shared " lane to get past a left - turning driver , cutting Snyder off .
" I live with the danger of rushed car drivers who are often tired , inattentively sipping coffee , or talking on their cell phones , and are pushing the limits of their abilities and their cars and come within inches of taking my life , " Snyder says .
Another rider who had wanted to be at the protest , Mark Rivera , was unable to attend ; two weeks earlier , he had been riding in the Stone Way sharrow when a pickup truck turned suddenly into his path , knocking him down and running over his right arm while he was on the ground .
In addition to arguing that the extra lane was needed to accommodate trucks , SDOT justified killing the lane by pointing to its predictions that traffic would increase tremendously in the area by 2010 — in some cases , as many as 10 times .
The Cascade Bicycle Club , which advocates for better bike policy in the Puget Sound region , questioned the city 's numbers , which seemed not only high ( as anyone who 's ridden or driven on Stone Way can attest ) , but out of keeping with the city 's adopted policy goal of reducing dependence on cars and increasing mobility for bikers and pedestrians .
So one day after participating in the protest , several Cascade activists went to the intersection of 35th and Stone ( the same intersection surveyed by the city ) and counted the number of bikes , cars , pedestrians , and trucks that traveled through the intersection at rush hour .
Not too surprisingly , they discovered that traffic volumes had n't grown significantly since 2001 , the last time the city measured rush - hour traffic at the intersection : 1,548 vehicles total during the 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. peak hour , compared to 1,505 in 2001 .
Traffic , in other words , did n't grow — it stayed stable .
So at least one major claim used to justify the elimination of the bike lane simply is n't true .
Of those , moreover , nearly 4 percent were bikes ; trucks made up just 8 percent of the traffic .
( SDOT spokesman Gregg Hirakawa calls the Stone Way numbers " spotty , " and says the city would count traffic again when it revisits the sharrow issue in six months . )
Bike activists worry that the city 's backpedaling on Stone Way could spell trouble for other elements of the bike plan .
After all , if one business owner can get a bike lane cut by complaining to the city , why should n't business owners elsewhere try to do the same ?
Already , that appears to be exactly what is happening .
Of 30 miles of bike lanes that were supposed to be striped in 2007 , the city plans to complete just 20 — a 33 percent reduction .
Over in West Seattle , where bikers have spent decades lobbying for even a few miles of bike lanes , a planned bike lane along part of busy Fauntleroy Way Southwest is rumored to be the next on the chopping block .
Meanwhile , the bike plan calls for " additional study " — instead of action — along the rest of Fauntleroy and all of 35th Avenue Southwest .
And a planned sharrow on California Avenue Southwest , which would have at least given bikers some breathing room on the busy thoroughfare , has been put off until at least next year .
Under the city 's " Complete Streets " policy , the sharrow was supposed to be painted as part of a repaving project on California ; however , city planners now say they need to " spend some quality time with the businesses on California " before they can complete the sharrows , according to an e-mail from Seattle traffic director Wayne Wentz to City Attorney ( and West Seattle bike commuter ) Tom Carr .
Back when Complete Streets was adopted , Mayor Greg " Most Bike - Friendly City in the U.S. "
Nickels said it would " make our streets safer for pedestrians and give cyclists , transit users , and motorists more choices . "
Environmental activist Mike McGinn , whose group , Seattle Great City Initiative , has made much of its work to pass the Complete Streets ordinance , says he 's disappointed that the mayor is already backpedaling on that commitment .
" Complete Streets , the Bike Master Plan , and the Climate Action Plan are all asking the city to do things much differently than they used to do them in the past , " McGinn says .
" I think it 's a sign of how they 're planning to implement those policies , and not a good sign . "
In my last post , I mentioned this in regards to making Wallace Jr. and my hacked version of Mednafen :
It ’s not insurmountable , but having programs talk back and forth to each other is always a bit tricky , especially to avoid deadlocks :
A is waiting for B to say something , and B is waiting for A to say something .
Especially when B was never intended to talk to A to begin with .
My prediction of running into difficulties proved to be all too accurate , even despite expecting problems to arise and being exceedingly careful to avoid them .
Sadly , this hardly qualifies to win the JREF prize , any more than predicting that the sun will rise tomorrow would .
Recall what I ’m trying to do here : have Wallace Jr. generate a sequence of controller inputs , have Mednafen execute them while playing a game , and have Wallace Jr. evaluate what happens in the game as a result .
This means there has to be bidirectional communication : one channel from Wallace Jr. to Mednafen , and a second from Mednafen back to Wallace Jr .
In the original design , the path into Mednafen was pretty simple , since the input sequence was predetermined .
Wallace Jr. generated an MCM file ( a Mednafen movie file , consisting of an initial state and , well , a sequence of controller input ) , saved it to disk , and told Mednafen where to find it when it was launched .
Mednafen , in turn , printed out status information , which Wallace Jr. read at its leisure .
For those of you not familiar with programming , allow me to elaborate on that last part a bit .
Most languages provide three standard input / output streams to programs : one for input ( stdin ) , one for normal output ( stdout ) , and one for outputing error messages ( stderr ) .
By default , when you run a program from the command line , stdin comes from the keyboard , and stdout and stderr get printed out to the terminal window .
To the program , these three streams look just like any other file ; in fact , in C they ’re even represented as FILE * , the same as you ’d get if you called fopen to open a file .
Since I said by default the streams are connected to the keyboard and the terminal window , that obviously implies this is n’t always the case .
When you create a new process , you ’re free to connect its standard streams to whatever you want .
That ’s what Wallace Jr. did : when launching Mednafen , it attached its stdout stream to a pipe , so that whatever Mednafen writes to it , Wallace Jr. can read it .
The current version of Wallace Jr. goes one further , attaching pipes both to Mednafen ’s stdout and stdin streams :
child = subprocess .
Popen ( [self.executable_path ,
" - video " , self . debug and " 1 " or " 0 " ,
" - sound " , self . debug and " 1 " or " 0 " ,
" - nothrottle " , " 1 " ,
" - movie " , " / dev/stdin " ,
" - metrics " , self .
project_file ,
self.rom_file ] ,
stdin=subprocess .PIPE ,
stdout=subprocess .PIPE ,
close_fds=1 )
But wait , you object , the arguments I ’m passing to Mednafen still tell it to read its movie from a file — particularly , a file named / dev/stdin .
What gives ?
/ dev /stdin is just a symlink to / proc / self / fd/0 , which is in turn a symlink to whatever the current process ’s stdin stream is .
So really , giving Medafen a file name of / dev / stdin is just telling it to read from its stdin .
( If that sounds like some kind of voodoo to you , keep in mind that on Unix - based systems , everything is a file .
Files in the conventional sense of “ a bunch of bytes with a name and stored on a disk ” is just one type of file — files can also be pipes or devices or almost anything else .
Everything in / proc is some type of information about the processes running on the system , exposed as a set of files .
The underlying data is stored not on disk , but in the kernel ‘s internal data structures . )
Anyway , the ultimate goal in sending Mednafen controller inputs via a pipe instead of a file is so that , in the future , Wallace Jr. will be able to generate programs that decide the next controller input based on the current state of the game .
To do that , obviously , it needs to see the game state at time t before the controller input at time t +1 can be sent .
Writing all the controller input to a file ahead of time is right out .
If everything ’s working , what should happen is that Wallace Jr. does a little processing , sends controller input to Mednafen , waits for Mednafen to respond with the game state , and repeats .
Meanwhile , Mednafen waits for Wallace Jr. to send it controller input , emulates the next frame of the game , sends the updated game state to Wallace Jr. , and repeats .
If these ever get out of sync — namely , if both Mednafen and Wallace Jr. are waiting for the other to send something , you hit deadlock and nothing happens .
It ’s easy to get wrong .
Here ’s two examples of how things went wrong .
As a proof - of - concept , I initially tried having Wallace Jr. send everything at once through the pipe .
Deadlock .
However , I found that if I closed Wallace Jr. ’s side of the pipe going to Mednafen , it worked !
That was weird , since I was being careful to flush the pipe after writing , to make sure the data was actually getting sent instead of sitting around in a buffer .
After banging my head against it for a while , I ultimately figured out that gzip was the culprit .
Normally , Mednafen movie files , which is ultimately what ’s being sent to it via the pipe , are compressed with gzip , and I initially had Wallace Jr. do so as well .
Apparently , however , the code on the Mednafen side of things that handles decompression was waiting to reach the end - of - file before actually decompressing the data .
That ’s why Mednafen did nothing until Wallace Jr. closed its side of the pipe , which would cause Mednafen to finally detect end - of - file .
Naturally , closing the pipe is n’t an option when sending controller input one frame at a time , since there ’s no way to re-open a pipe once it ’s closed .
Luckily , however , Mednafen is happy with getting uncompressed movie data sent to it ; taking gzip out of the equation entirely fixed the problem .
The second deadlock I ran into took even longer to diagnose .
Here ’s a simplified version of the code that triggered it .
What it ’s supposed to do is generate the next input , send it to Mednafen ’s stdin , and then read from Mednafen ’s stdout until it sees a line that starts with “ metrics ” .
When it does , it processes it and decides whether to loop or not .
What it actually does is deadlock immediately when it tries to read from Mednafen .
Do you see why ?
while should_continue :
controller_input = compute_next_input ()
child.stdin.write ( controller_input )
child.stdin.flush ()
should_continue = False
for line in child .
stdout :
if line .startswith ( " metrics " ) :
should_continue = process_metrics ( line )
break
Your first guess is that Mednafen is n’t actually writing any lines that start with “ metrics ” .
That was n’t the problem .
Your second guess is that Mednafen is n’t flushing its output buffer , so the line is n’t getting sent through the pipe .
Wrong again .
Give up ?
I ’m not surprised — it ’s very non-obvious .
The “ for line in file ” construct in Python iterates through the contents of a file , one line at a time .
Internally , this happens by Python invoking file . next ( ) each time through the loop to get the next line .
Here ’s what the Python manual says about the next ( ) method for file objects ( emphasis added ) :
A file object is its own iterator , for example iter ( f ) returns f ( unless f is closed ) .
When a file is used as an iterator , typically in a for loop ( for example , for line in f : print line ) , the next ( ) method is called repeatedly .
This method returns the next input line , or raises StopIteration when EOF is hit when the file is open for reading ( behavior is undefined when the file is open for writing ) .
In order to make a for loop the most efficient way of looping over the lines of a file ( a very common operation ) , the next ( ) method uses a hidden read - ahead buffer .
As a consequence of using a read - ahead buffer , combining next ( ) with other file methods ( like readline ( ) ) does not work right .
However , using seek ( ) to reposition the file to an absolute position will flush the read - ahead buffer .
A hidden read - ahead buffer ! next ( ) is trying to be clever and trying to read more than just the next line , so it can pad out its buffer .
However , Mednafen stops and waits for more input from Wallace Jr. after outputting a line , so next ( ) waits for input that is n’t going to come until Wallace Jr. gets back to work .
But that wo n’t happen until next ( ) returns , which it wo n’t until it sees more input from Mednafen , even though it already has the line Wallace Jr. is asking for !
Deadlock .
The fix is simple enough : use readline ( ) to get the next line of the file instead of the nice syntactic sugar of the for loop , in order to avoid next ( ) ‘s read - ahead buffer :
while should_continue :
controller_input = compute_next_input ()
child.stdin.write ( controller_input )
child.stdin.flush ()
should_continue = False
line = child.stdout.readline ()
while line != " " :
if line .startswith ( " metrics " ) :
should_continue = process_metrics ( line )
break
line = child.stdout.readline ()
I would actually call next ( ) ‘s behavior here a bug .
It ’s perfectly reasonable for it to read past the end - of - line and buffer the excess , if there ’s data after the newline .
What ’s happening internally is that the data next ( ) got from the pipe ended with a newline , and it ’s going ahead and trying to read from the pipe again just for the sake of filling its buffer .
This actually decreases efficiency , since if next ( ) is n’t going to be called again , it ’s doing a read unnecessarily , at the cost of another system call .
And if next ( ) is going to be called again immediately , well , waiting to do the read until then does n’t cost anything .
Of course , you would n’t notice the difference in practice , unless there ’s no more data after the newline , but the file / pipe / whatever is n’t closed yet either .
Which is exactly what happens in Wallace Jr. ’s case .
The moral is : even if you know how tricky bidirectional interprocess communication is , it ’s still trickier than you expect .
Concerns about corruption are even more pronounced in Nigeria and Angola .
Oil -rich Angola is taking in two and a half times the cash it did three years ago .
Hotels in the capital , Luanda , are booked months in advance , largely by foreign oil companies .
Sales of luxury cars are booming , and the International Monetary Fund projects the economy will grow 24 percent this year , one of the world ’s fastest rates .
Yet analysts for the Catholic University of Angola ’s research center say two in three Angolans live on $ 2 or less a day , the same ratio as in 2002 , when the country ’s decades - long civil war ended .
The government is eager to show that oil wealth is benefiting ordinary citizens .
It has rebuilt 2,400 miles of roads , refurbished 4 airports , and laid 430 miles of new railroad track .
But many Angolans take it as a given that oil has enriched public officials most of all .
In 2003 , a newspaper in Luanda identified the 20 richest people in Angola : 12 were government officials ; 5 were former officials .
Angola ’s growing muscle — it is now the biggest oil supplier to China and the sixth biggest to the United States — is leading it to rethink its global position .
It recently joined the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and is limiting its cooperation with the I.M.F .
In perhaps the most far - reaching change , China has become Angola ’s financier , lending Luanda as much as $ 12 billion for the country ’s reconstruction , in return for guaranteed oil supplies .
The contest among importers to secure access to oil supplies has become fierce .
China , a one - time oil exporter that now must import half its oil to lubricate its booming economy , is facing politically troublesome shortages of fuel from Shenzhen to Beijing , as Chinese refining companies refuse to supply diesel at unprofitable state - regulated prices .
To head off a crisis , China raised retail prices for fuel nearly 10 percent on Nov. 1 .
India is potentially even more vulnerable than China , some analysts say .
Although it consumes a third as much oil as China , it imports 70 percent of its oil .
It also has no strategic reserves , and demand is growing faster than in any other economy except China ’s .
Like China , India subsidizes fuel , particularly the kerosene used by lower - and middle - class families for cooking — a policy that costs it some $ 12 billion a year .
If oil reaches $ 100 a barrel and stays there , analysts say , India will be forced to roll back those subsidies .
“ Sooner or later , prices are going to bite , ” said Subir Gokarn , Standard & Poor ’s chief economist in Asia .
“ Clearly household budgets will be significantly affected . ”
Visit Their Website
A unique , quick , fun way to meet people , WooMe offers free online speed dating services to anyone willing to maneuver through their very simple sign up process .
With a sexy interface , fast video transfer speed , decent search features and a fair ( but not great ) number of users , the only thing that WooMe lacks is the ability to speed ' date ' for more than one minute at a time .
Overview from WooMe
" WooMe brings the speed dating craze online and extends it to let users meet new people live in fast , fun and free speed sessions .
There are no long forms or lengthy profile descriptions , simply find a session that interests you and meet 5 people in 5 minutes . "
What a Membership Includes
WooMe offers anyone , anywhere , the opportunity to meet with up to five other people , online , through free video conferencing technology .
Users have to provide the computer , microphone , webcam , and speakers , but WooMe takes care of the rest .
After a very quick sign up process and a slick interface , WooMe members can either create their own video conference or search for others to join .
The search capability is n't complex but it does the trick : as soon as you fill out the membership form , you 'll be presented with a list of WooMe members whose meetings start in mere minutes .
You can also search by geography ( so far only the UK and USA are listed as options ) , sex ( male , female or show both sexes ) , and interests .
Once you join a teleconferencing session , you are either placed in a queue to meet or have people queued up to meet you .
Each meeting lasts a mere minute , with sound and video quality only as good as the person transmitting the signal .
( Meaning : check your webcam and microphone beforehand ) .
Afterward , you 'll be given a graphic interface that asks you if you were " woo 'd " by the person you just met , or not .
Unique Features
WooMe is a dating site , in that it attempts to bring people together that otherwise would n't meet , but it differs greatly from most dating sites in that it does n't require a profile to be filled out , questions to be answered ( signing up takes well under a minute ) , or any software to be downloaded .
As well , WooMe is n't just for dating ; it could also be used to meet new people with similar hobbies and / or interests .
WooMe is still in beta testing and is almost completely free .
Users can meet with anyone else on the site , but if you 've been " woo'd " , you 'll be asked to pay $ 1 to get each other 's contact information .
Keeping in mind the time factor - where all of the online speed ' dates ' take only a minute - WooMe is specifically geared towards the younger generation that enjoys using social networking sites like Facebook and MySpace for quick , simple introductions that are n't weighed down by needing to use a credit card or investing hours of time emailing back and forth just to meet someone new .
Because of this , the majority of WooMe users are well under the age of 30 .
Membership Costs
There are no membership costs for WooMe , and going on an online speed date with any of the other users is simple , easy , and does n't cost a penny .
However , if you want to get the contact information of someone who has " woo 'd " you , you 'll be asked to pay $ 1 USD for the service .
Visit Their Website
CAMBRIDGE , Mass .
– Descrambling DVDs just got even easier , thanks to a pair of MIT programmers .
Using only seven lines of Perl code , Keith Winstein and Marc Horowitz have created the shortest - yet method to remove the thin layer of encryption that is designed to prevent people – including Linux users – from watching DVDs without proper authorization .
Their " qrpff " program is a more compact cousin of the DeCSS utility that eight movie studios successfully sued to remove from the website of 2600 Magazine .
But unlike DeCSS , qrpff is abbreviated enough for critics of the Motion Picture Association of America to include in , for example , e-mail signature files – and many already have .
" I think there 's some value in demonstrating how simple these things really are and how preposterous it is to try to restrict their distribution , " says Winstein , a 19 - year - old MIT sophomore computer science major .
Winstein says it 's folly for MPAA and its allies to try to restrict a 526 - character program that can be handed out on business cards .
" I 'm showing the humor in trying to call these seven lines on a piece of paper a device , " he says .
The probable spread of qrpff on business cards , on T - shirts , and bumper stickers closely resembles the distribution of encryption code in signature files and T - shirts a few years ago .
Such civil disobedience flouted U.S. export laws in a kind of global keep - away game .
Programmer Adam Back managed to squeeze the RSA algorithm into just two lines of Perl .
Winstein and Horowitz , an MIT alumnus , are both members of the MIT Student Information Processing Board , the university 's social group for programmers and like - minded folks .
They jointly developed qrpff for a two - meeting seminar that Winstein taught earlier this year .
Unlike some other DVD - descramblers , qrpff does n't include the necessary five - byte title key – such as 153 2 8 105 225 – which must be given to the program so it can perform the necessary decryption .
That , says Winstein , means qrpff does n't violate the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which the movie studios used in a federal lawsuit against 2600 .
" Even if whatever is enjoined by that injunction in New York is a violation of the law , I think there 's a reasonable case to be made that my seven lines of Perl is n't , " Winstein says .
The code takes advantage of a Perl command called eval , which evaluates the program text when it is executed :
$ _='while ( read + STDIN , $_,2048 ) {$ a=29 ; $b=73;$c=142;$t=255;@t=map{$_%16or$t=$c= ( $ m =( 11,10,116,100,11,122,20,100 ) [ $ _/ 16%8 ] )
&110 ;$t=( 72,@z=( 64,72 , $a=12*($ _%16 - 2?0:$ m&17 ) ) , $ b^=$_%64?12:0, @z ) [ $ _%8 ] }( 16..271 ) ; if ( ( @a=unx " C* " , $_ ) [ 20 ] &48 ) {$h =5 ; $_=unxb24 , join " " , @b=map{xB8,unxb8 , chr($_^$a [ –$ h+84 ] ) }@ARGV ;s/...$ /1$&/;$ d=unxV, xb25 , $_ ;$e=256|( ord $ b [ 4 ] ) <
In a brief filed last month , the Bush administration sided with the movie industry against DeCSS , saying that software is not speech - protected by the First Amendment but can be regulated like parts to a machine : " This function is entirely nonexpressive , and thus does not warrant First Amendment protection . "
U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan ruled last August that DeCSS was like a " common - source outbreak epidemic " that violated the law 's prohibition against circumventing copyright - protection technology .
The DMCA prohibits anyone from publishing or publicly distributing any hardware or software that " is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner . "
2600 , with the help of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , has appealed its loss .
David Touretzky , a scientist in the computer science department at Carnegie Mellon University who testified for the defense , has included qrpff in his gallery of DVD descramblers .
The gallery is designed to highlight the problem of dividing computer code into expressive and functional categories :
It includes descramblers written in C , Scheme , English , and even haiku .
Last month , the MPAA demanded that Touretzky take down his page .
He responded : " I would like to know if it is the intent of the MPAA to exert editorial control over scholarly publications by computer science faculty that deal with DeCSS , and if so , exactly which sort of publications will the MPAA permit in the future , and which sort will result in legal threats such as your letter of yesterday . "
See the Latest Entertainment Photos
You know IT / IS Important
See the Latest Entertainment Photos
You know IT / IS Important
DeCSS Allies Ganging Up
DeCSS Allies Ganging Up
White House Sides With Studios
White House Sides With Studios
Digital VHS Takes On DVD
Digital VHS Takes On DVD
Last updated at 15:20 03 September 2007
These horrific pictures show the moment that two planes crashed into each other while performing at an airshow .
The two planes careered into each other in mid air with devastating consequences - the aicrcraft were completely blown apart by the force of the collsion .
Debris was blasted across the sky as smoke billowed from the cockpits .
Spectators at the airshow , 60 miles from Warsaw , were horrified as they looked up and saw the killer smash .
It is understood that both pilots died in the collision .
Scroll down for more ...
Not being exactly equipped to pass judgment on this fine piece of furniture , perhaps I should leave it to you lot in the comments .
[ Random Good Stuff ]
Advertisement
Who is willing to cross the consensus of all 16 American intelligence agencies that Iran suspended their nuclear weapons program in 2003 ?
Who is willing to assert that their own personal opinion is superior to the collective wisdom contained in the National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) ?
It turns out they are exactly the same people that passionately supported the 2002 NIE that was wrong on almost every particular .
And , if you look at the culprits something fairly obvious emerges .
Michael Ledeen :
“ If this N.I.E. is true , the evidence would have to be awfully good , ” he continued in another version of the argument , posted to the right - leaning National Review ’s website .
“ And evidence of that quality has been in famously short supply . ”
John Bolton :
“ While I was in the administration , I saw intelligence march up the hill and down the hill in short periods of time with no reason for them to change their mind , ” said John R. Bolton , Bush ’s former ambassador to the United Nations .
“ I ’ve never based my view on this week ’s intelligence . ”
Michael Goldfarb of William Kristol ’s Weekly Standard .
Given the poor performance of the U.S. Intelligence Community ( “ IC ” ) in drafting previous NIE ’s , we should review the IC ’s work with a skeptical eye–no matter what conclusions are drawn .
Interestingly , the IC now concedes that it is certain Iran had a nuclear weapons program .
But that is n’t getting the headlines .
And after having read the little that has been made public from this NIE , we are left with substantive questions .
From Israel :
Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that Iran was continuing in its efforts to produce a nuclear bomb despite the report .
According to the minister , Iran had indeed stopped its program four years ago but has since renewed it …
… Asked if the new U.S. assessment reduced chances that the U.S. will launch a military strike on Iran , Barak said that was possible .
However , he said , “ We can not allow ourselves to rest just because of an intelligence report from the other side of the earth , even if it is from our greatest friend . ”
Mordechai Kedar , who served in Israel ’s military intelligence for 25 years and is a researcher at the Begin - Sadat Center for Strategic Studies in Tel Aviv , said Israel ’s intelligence community disagrees with the latest estimate .
“ This is a matter of interpretation of data .
I do believe that the U.S. and Israel share the same data , but the dispute is about interpreting the data . …
Only a blind man cannot see their efforts to put a hand on a nuclear weapon .
They are threatening the world . ”
Infrastructure Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer said he “ does n’t buy ” the National Intelligence Estimate findings that Iran had stopped making a nuclear weapon .
He said Israel should “ not take any risks ” and keep up its campaign against Tehran .
Norman Podhoretz :
In other words , a full two years after Iran supposedly called a halt to its nuclear program , the intelligence community was still as sure as it ever is about anything that Iran was determined to build a nuclear arsenal .
Why then should we believe it when it now tells us , and with the same “ high confidence , ” that Iran had already called a halt to its nuclear - weapons program in 2003 ?…
… But I entertain an even darker suspicion .
It is that the intelligence community , which has for some years now been leaking material calculated to undermine George W. Bush , is doing it again .
This time the purpose is to head off the possibility that the President may order air strikes on the Iranian nuclear installations .
New York Sun editorial :
t ’s advancing a line that could be described with the word astounding if it did n’t come from the same intelligence bureaucrats that so famously failed to foresee the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
One does n’t have to be privy to our country ’s secret sources to know that this last statement strains credulity .
Iran has been enriching uranium , or nuclear fuel , for nearly two years despite two Security Council resolutions urging them to suspend .
To believe the Mullahs have halted their nuclear weapons program , one has to believe that all of those spinning centrifuges in Natanz are to fuel power plants in a country that is the world ’s third leading exporter of petroleum and natural gas .
I could go on .
What is obvious in these reactions is that each of them has a very strong relationship to Israel .
And I do n’t begrudge Israel their right to be concerned about Iran and any potential nuclear program they might have now or might develop in the future .
But Israel ’s allies in the U.S. government and in the press , have been shameless in promoting lies about Iran .
The Intelligence Community finally got sick of it and pushed back .
… in a statement on Monday , Donald M. Kerr , the principal deputy director of national intelligence , said that since the new estimate was at odds with the 2005 assessment — and thus at odds with public statements by top officials about Iran — “ we felt it was important to release this information to ensure that an accurate presentation is available . ”
Going unspoken is the fact that the 2005 NIE was politicized and deliberately inaccurate , just as the 2002 NIE was that was wrong in almost every particular .
Donald M. Kerr is saying that the NIE was declassified because public officials were making inaccurate claims based on the 2005 NIE .
Never mind that many of those the public officials , like the president and vice - president , had access to newer intelligence .
The contours of our foreign policy can be seen clearly in the reaction to the 2007 NIE .
Without any doubt , Israel has too much influence over our foreign policy , desperately wants us to fight a war for them with Iran ( and Syria ) , and is willing to disregard the truth anytime it does n’t further their agenda .
No politician can say this outloud , so I ’m saying it .
Because it is true .
And , in my honest opinion , the American public ’s patience for this behavior is limited .
It will wind up doing two things .
It will weaken domestic support for strong U.S. - Israel relations , and it will increase dramatically anti-Semitic feelings … as people are increasingly drawn to simplistic answers to the nation ’s problems .
Those that are concerned for Israel should be much more alarmed by the reaction of Israel ’s advocates to this NIE than they are about the possibility that the NIE might be wrong .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese archaeologists have found fossils that prove pandas once roamed what is now the southern Chinese island of Hainan , state media said on Wednesday .
The 400,000 - year - old fossils , mostly of teeth , showed the tropical island was once connected to the Chinese mainland , the Xinhua news agency cited Huang Wanbo , a professor with the Chinese Academy of Sciences , as saying .
The fossils were found last year in a quarry , Huang said .
The giant panda is one of the world ’s most endangered species and is found only in China .
An estimated 1,600 wild pandas live in nature reserves in Sichuan , Gansu and Shaanxi provinces .
1 .
In House to House : An Epic Memoir of War , Staff Sergeant David Bellavia — a gung - ho supporter of the Iraq war — casually recounts how in 2004 , while his platoon was on just its second patrol in Iraq ,
a civilian candy truck tried to merge with a column of our armored vehicles , only to get run over and squashed .
The occupants were smashed beyond recognition .
Our first sight of death was a man and his wife both ripped open and dismembered , their intestines strewn across shattered boxes of candy bars .
The entire platoon had n’t eaten for twenty - four hours .
We stopped , and as we stood guard around the wreckage , we grew increasingly hungry .
Finally , I stole a few nibbles from one of the cleaner candy bars .
Others wiped away the gore and fuel from the wrappers and joined me .
This incident is notable mainly for the fact that the platoon stopped ; from the many accounts I have read of the Iraq war , when a US convoy runs over a car , it usually just keeps going .
In Chasing Ghosts , Paul Rieckhoff , a graduate of Amherst who led a platoon of Army National Guardsmen in Iraq , describes going out on routine house raids in the summer of 2003 during which his men broke down doors , zipcuffed all the men in sight , and turned rooms upside down in the search for weapons , few of which they ever found .
These raids , Rieckhoff writes , “ were nasty business .
Anybody who enjoyed them was sick .
Sometimes I felt like I was a member of the Brown shirts in Nazi Germany . ”
As Rieckhoff later discovered , some of his men were stealing cash found on these raids — a practice that , as other accounts suggest , is not at all uncommon .
In Love My Rifle More Than You : Young and Female in the US Army , Kayla Williams , an Arabic - speaking military intelligence officer , tells of attending an interrogation session in Mosul in the fall of 2003 in which US soldiers remove the clothes of a prisoner in a cage and then mock him : “ Mock his manhood .
Mock his sexual prowess .
Ridicule the size of his genitals . ”
The soldiers flicked lit cigarette butts at the prisoner and smacked him across the face .
Williams later learned that a prisoner died in the same cage she had visited .
These anecdotes could be multiplied many times over .
They come from the many books that have been written about the Iraq war by the soldiers who have served in it .
In no other war have so many books by soldiers appeared while the fighting was still going on — accounts written not just by generals like Tommy Franks but also by lieutenants , sergeants , reservists , and privates .
Such works have been largely ignored by the mass media , which is too bad , for they provide a grunt ’s - eye view of the war that is often far richer , and rawer , than anything available in our newspapers or on TV .
As probing and aggressive as the reporting from Iraq has been , it is subject to many filters . …
For a new web project we ’re working on , we wanted to use a dynamic environment .
Initially we considered Ruby on Rails , but after using it for some time decided the shortcomings of the framework and the language outweigh the benefits .
We ’ve resolved to use Python , a language we feel very comfortable with , and I went to test several pythonic web components , in particular the stuff that gets bundled with TurboGears and web .py ( we briefly considered Django , the web framework adopted by Python ’s creator Guido van Rossum , but identified all of the same problems we had with Rails , so we did n’t spend too much time with it ) .
TurboGears
TurboGears is a collection of Python web components , rather than a top - down complete framework like RoR .
It uses CherryPy for the controller ( using WSGI for low - level infrastructure ) , SQLObject for database access and manipulation , [ old link : http://kid-templating.org/ ]
Kid for templating and [ old link : http://mochikit.com/ ]
MochiKit as its main Javascript library .
On top of that TurboGears provides several integration tools which are supposed to turn this collection into a ‘ framework ’ ( a skeleton generator , some simple web - bsed administration , a shell preloaded with the project modules , etc ) .
My experience working with TurboGears has been much better than working with RoR.
Partly , that ’s because I know and like Python better than Ruby , but mostly the approach is saner and much less demanding – there ’s very little magic , and it ’s quite easy to understand how to go about implementing your ideas .
With TurboGears
I was able to complete the same amount of work I did in my RoR test in ~ 20 % of the time !
I was n’t very impressed with the framework / integration parts of TurboGears .
The quickstart tool ( for building the skeleton ) did some stuff that was quite obvious and I could have completed myself with little effort , and some stuff that I did n’t expect or want it to do ( just like RoR ) .
The shell is convenient , but again , I felt that I paid a price in flexibility without gaining much – after all that ’s just the Python REPL with some modules imported .
The build and deployment tools are a great idea , but they do n’t seem to be powerful enough , and extending them may or may not be easier than just doing it ourselves using a build tool like SCons or Make , or simply writing straight python scripts .
Components
Data Access : SQLObject –
When we first tried out SQLObject we found it enticing – the interface is simple and easy to understand and the features it provides looked like a perfect match for our needs .
After working with SQLObject for a while , however , we were shocked to discover that it ’s hardly adequate .
SQLObject ’s model of working with databases is naive , at the very least – for every attribute you set ( on a data - bound object ) the mapping issues a separate SQL update statement and what ’s worse , if you plan to use SQLObject ’s cache ( which is the only way to use it efficiently to query the database ) you can simply forget about transactions .
I find it hard to understand how TurboGears can get away with that – after all , with optimization and ACIDity thrown out of the window , it ’s hard to see in what way saving objects to a relational database is any better than simply [ old link : http://docs.python.org/lib/module-pickle.html ] pickling them .
Templating : Kid – Kid is an attribute language ( like ZPT ) – it allows you to generate XML by inserting special attributes instructing the processor how to do dynamic things ( like looping , inserting values and so on ) .
Unlike ZPT , Kid is much more pythonic – almost all constructs map directly to control flow structures known from Python .
I was able to start working with Kid without having to read any of the documentation and got good results immediately .
( Kid is now slowly being replaced by Genshi as the state - of - the - art in Python XML templating , but for our needs we felt that Kid is just good enough ) .
Javascript / AJAX : MochiKit – I had quite a lot of previous experience with MochiKit , so I did n’t bother testing it in this context .
MochiKit shines in comparison to other JS libraries ( Prototype , Dojo , YUI ) – it is very high quality , got excellent documentation , and anyone with experience using Python or any functional programming languages will feel very comfortable using it .
I prefer it to any other JS library .
Controller : CherryPy – I did n’t like CherryPy , although it did look adequate .
Particularly , CherryPy relies on mapping Python objects and attributes to HTTP access more than I would like it to .
My experience working with web.py was better ( the library is richer and provides some neat facilities for rapid development , the mapping of requests to handlers is saner ) .
We ended up deciding to mix and match – we use web.py as a controller .
Instead of an ORM we design our own model objects and connect them to the database using web. py ’s data access facilities .
We use Kid for templating and some other Python libraries for supporting more specific features of the website .
Conclusions
Dynamic languages and frameworks are the hot thing in web development for a good reason , but RoR ’s lead is not wholly justified .
1
Python has a huge collection of frameworks and components for web development , but the quality varies quite a lot .
Choosing the right mix of tools and libraries can be difficult , but being able to mix and match gives you great power and flexibility .
TurboGears is a nice take on this idea , but the choices made are dissatisfactory .
Web.py is an excellent start , but to do useful things you ’ll have to augment it with bits from other sources .
Industry Minister Jim Prentice was expected to introduce new Canadian copyright reform legislation yesterday , but instead ... did n't .
It was a stunning reversal and an unexpected success for a grassroots campaign against the bill , widely expected to mirror the US DMCA .
Prentice had previously announced that issues of greatest import to consumers would only be decided by committee after the new copyright bill was passed .
During question period in Parliament yesterday , Prentice faced hostile question from MP Charlie Angus , who charged that the government " has been rolling out the red carpet for corporate lobbyists and the US ambassador " and that the result will be " an unbalanced , one - sided piece of made in the USA copyright legislation . "
He went on to attack Prentice for " just discovering Facebook this morning " and not having done any " due diligence . "
The Facebook crack appears to be a reference to the " Fair Copyright for Canada Facebook group " promoted by Canadian professor Michael Geist .
Within days , the group attracted nearly 15,000 signatories who want to see copyright reform that benefits more than just foreign music labels and film companies .
Prentice with daughters
in happier times
In addition , Prentice faced a group of citizens at a Christmas get - together at his local office ( see pictures and video from one of the organizers ) this weekend , many of them upset about the new legislation .
The major Canadian press outlets have also picked up the story , and everyone from the CBC to the National Post to the Globe and Mail are running with it .
It 's not clear that Prentice 's decision to keep back the bill is related to this storm of opposition ; he has yet to offer any reason for the delay .
In response to Angus ' criticism in Parliament , Prentice simply said that " the bill will not be tabled [ introduced ] in the House until such time as myself and the Minister of Canadian Heritage , Status of Women and Official Languages are satisfied . "
Which raises the obvious question : Canada has a Minister of Canadian Heritage , Status of Women and Official Languages ?
Does that even fit on a business card ?
Although the bill has been delayed , it could soon be introduced without changes .
Michael Geist notes that " even if the delay stretches into 2008 , a delayed bill that does not feature a genuine copyright balance is little better than the bill that was to have been unveiled today . "
He does note in fairness to Prentice that the Minister has recently backed a courageous spectrum auction plan designed to spur competition in Canada , and might be persuaded to adopt a more consumer - friendly approach to copyright as well , should the government hear from enough people on the issue .
Captain
Ed is a father and grandfather living in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota , a native Californian who moved to the North Star State because of the weather .
He lives with his wife Marcia , also known as the First Mate , their two dogs , and frequently watch their granddaughter Kayla , whom Captain Ed calls The Little Admiral .
The Crows Nest
Crow 's Nest Mostly Unmanned Yes , I know the Crow's Nest has mostly been moribund since the site 's relaunch .
I do plan on using it more often in the future , I promise .
I 'll be spending a little more time on these posts as a way to link out to the blogosphere .
Keep an eye on this space .
Also , please note that I 've put the Amazon search bar on the main page , in the right sidebar .
If you want to do some shopping at Amazon -- and who does n't ? -- be sure to shop through Captain 's Quarters .
Amazon does pay a small percentage of the sale to me , and it helps pay for a few sundries related to the blog .
Much appreciated !
OpenCongress Web Widget Ever wanted to announce your support or opposition to Congressional legislation ?
OpenCongress now has a web widget that allows bloggers to do exactly that .
Take a look at this , and check out how easily you can build your own .
Maybe They 're Flotation Devices ?
The Australian Navy foots the bill for breast augmentations .
The Labour Party would like to know why , and probably so would most of the voters in Australia .
The Thinking Blogger Congrats to Fausta , who won a Thinking Blogger award .
She thanks me for my friendship , but the truth is that Fausta makes it easy to be her friend .
She 's always positive and energetic , and she epitomizes the notion of a thinking blogger .
Make sure to put her on your must - read list !
Ensign Calls For Return Of MoveOn Money NRSC chair Senator John Ensign calls for Democrats to return all campaign funds donated by MoveOn , after their despicable New York Times ad today accusing David Petraeus of treason .
" If Senate Democrats are serious about moving our country forward , they will denounce this outrageous ad and return the campaign funds MoveOn.org has lavished on them as well as the donations made through MoveOn.org -- the choice is theirs . "
Ensign 's right , but I would n't hold my breath waiting for the refund ...
Support The Al - Dura Petition Roger Simon at Pajamas Media is circulating a petition to demand accountability for the discredited al - Dura report from France 's Channel 2 .
This is , as Roger calls it , the " Father of all Fauxtography , " and C - 2 has never acknowledged its fault in airing the supposed murder of a Palestinian child .
He wants C - 2 to show all of the unedited footage of the incident in order to show that C - 2 faked the murder .
If they 're resisting the demand , I 'd say they have something to hide ....
There Goes The Undefeated Season Notre Dame managed to get its first loss out of the way as soon as possible -- and as badly as possible .
Georgia
Tech came to South Bend and stomped the Irish , 33 - 3 , in the worst home opener loss in school history .
The offense fumbled twice and allowed seven sacks on Evan Sharpley , who must have longed to have Brady Quinn back on the field instead .
If Charlie Weis does n't turn this debacle around fast , he may want to start asking Ty Willingham for some career counseling ....
Would Early Primaries Allow More Donations ?
Jim Geraghty at The Campaign Spot believes that candidates will benefit if primaries and caucuses get pushed into 2007 .
A loophole in campaign finance regulation appears to allow an extra $ 2,300 per donor for candidates if those elections are held this year .
Be sure to check out Jim 's analysis , and the surprising candidate that may benefit the most .
When Tom Met Jeralyn
One of the interesting aspects of politics is finding out that opponents are people , too .
Jeralyn Merritt of TalkLeft met Rep. Tom Tancredo backstage at NBC 's studios , and found him more likable than she had anticipated .
Perhaps it was their mutual interest in Dog , The Bounty Hunter ...
Joe Lieberman A Right - Wing Nut ?
That 's what CAIR says , according to Joe Kaufman .
He has a link to a CAIR official 's blog post that calls Lieberman , along with John Bolton , former CIA director James Woolsey , and the Heritage Foundation 's Peter Brookes as " extremists " .
Affad Shaikh also calls Dick Cheney a " fat bastard of a liar , " apparently not meant as a pop-culture reference to the Austin Powers movies .
( via Let Freedom Ring )
Broadband Homelessness
The Japanese have made homelessness more efficient , and more Net - friendly , too .
Their Internet cafés have become homeless shelters for the struggling manual - labor sector .
The problem has grown into such a problem that government intervention will shortly become a political priority .
Found My Law Firm Power
Line links twice to this story regarding an attorney at Faegre & Benson who refused to become a victim and helped capture a very dangerous man .
Keith Radtke is a partner in the firm as is Power Line 's John Hinderaker .
Radtke is listed in satisfactory condition after getting shot in the back , but that did n't keep him from locking up his attacker in a wrestling grip until police could arrive .
I do n't know about you , but that 's the kind of man I 'd want as my counsel ....
Do n't Click That YouTube E-mail
The latest in spam seems to be redirections from YouTube links in e-mail to IP addresses without domain names .
They attempt to entice people by making it seem that they have been inadvertently YouTubed .
I 'm sure most people can see through this scam , but just in case , you 've been warned ....
Rick Moran Escapes
The Floods Rick Moran has kept us up to date on his travails along the Algonquin River .
Yesterday , the police showed up to get him evacuated before the river flooded his home -- but today , Rick finds that a minor miracle has taken place , and that his house survives ... at least for now .
Keep Rick in your prayers , and keep checking in at Right Wing Nut House for updates .
Celebrated author Mark Steyn has been summoned to appear before two Canadian judicial panels on charges linked to his book “ America Alone . ”
The book , a No. 1 bestseller in Canada , argues that Western nations are succumbing to an Islamist imperialist threat .
The fact that charges based on it are proceeding apace proves his point .
Steyn , who won the 2006 Eric Breindel Journalism Award ( co-sponsored by The Post and its parent , News Corp ) , writes for dozens of publications on several continents .
After the Canadian general - interest magazine Maclean ’s reprinted a chapter from the book , five Muslim law - school students , acting through the auspices of the Canadian Islamic Congress , demanded that the magazine be punished for spreading “ hatred and contempt ” for Muslims .
The plaintiffs allege that Maclean ’s advocated , among other things , the notion that Islamic culture is incompatible with Canada ’s liberalized , Western civilization .
They insist such a notion is untrue and , in effect , want opinions like that banned from publication .
Two separate panels , the British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal and the Canadian Human Rights Commission , have agreed to hear the case .
These bodies are empowered to hear and rule on cases of purported “ hate speech . ”
Of course , a ban on opinions – even disagreeable ones – is the very antithesis of the Western tradition of free speech and freedom of the press .
Indeed , this whole process of dragging Steyn and the magazine before two separate human - rights bodies for the “ crime ” of expressing an opinion is a good illustration of precisely what he was talking about .
If Maclean ’s , Canada ’s top - selling magazine , is found “ guilty , ” it could face financial or other penalties .
And the affair could have a devastating impact on opinion journalism in Canada generally .
As it happens , Canadian human - rights commissions have already come down hard on those whose writings they dislike , like critics of gay rights .
Nor should Americans dismiss this campaign against Steyn and Maclean ’s as merely another Canadian eccentricity .
Speech cops in America , too , are forever attempting similar efforts – most visibly , on college campuses .
In fact , New York City itself has a human - rights panel that tries to stamp out anything deemed too politically incorrect .
Since 9/11 , Americans have been alert to the threat of terror from radical Islamists .
But there ’s been all too little concern for a creeping accommodation of radical Islamist tenets , like curbs on critical opinions .
That needs to change .
David Malleau awoke in hospital with a gaping hole in his skull .
The 44 - year - old Hamilton truck driver had suffered a devastating car accident in 2004 that forced doctors at Hamilton General Hospital to remove a fist - sized piece of bone from his skull to relieve pressure on his brain .
Once the swelling subsided and he was ready for surgery in March 2005 , Malleau was sent home and placed on a waiting list .
Three months passed .
Then six .
He waited at home , a prisoner unable to leave the house for fear something would hit the exposed side of his brain – for him a potentially fatal incident .
In the end , it took nearly a year before he could get skull replacement surgery .
If Malleau lived anywhere else but Ontario , the provincial ombudsman 's office could have investigated why he had to wait so long for neurosurgery .
When patients or their families feel their complaints about the hospital system are falling on deaf ears , there is no independent body in Ontario with the power to conduct an independent investigation .
All other Canadian provinces give their ombudsmen power to scrutinize hospitals .
In Ontario , successive ombudsmen have sought that oversight power for more than three decades without success .
" The position of hospitals continues to be , ` Let 's keep our dirty laundry to ourselves , ' " says Ontario Ombudsman André Marin .
" There 's tens of billions of dollars signed away in the form of a blank cheque to run health care .
( Independent oversight ) is a complete no-brainer ...
It 's frankly embarrassing . "
With nowhere to turn , Pat Malleau , who quit her job in order to care for her house - bound husband , called New Democratic Party MPP Andrea Horwath ( Hamilton East ) for help .
Horwath called the hospital several times on their behalf .
She says she never got a satisfactory reason for the lengthy delay and was shocked by the lack of response from hospital officials .
" It was the most disgusting display of lack of responsiveness of a hospital that I 've seen in a long time , " she told the Star .
" His life was on hold for a year because they could n't find the time to put his skull together .
It was Humpty - Dumpty gone wrong . "
Malleau was reluctant to try another hospital because he wanted the same neurosurgeon who had performed his initial , post - accident surgery .
But , although he remained on the waiting list , he was repeatedly bumped as other , emergency surgeries took precedence .
Horwath 's experience trying to help Malleau led her to introduce a private member 's bill in order to give the ombudsman power to investigate hospitals and long - term care facilities .
Horwath doubts her bill will get a second reading before the Legislature rises for the summer .
A bill must be read three times in the House before becoming law .
" This case urged me on this issue , " she says .
" Why should it take me and our local media to get on the bandwagon and embarrass the hospital and government into doing what anybody would expect as a required procedure ?
It was horrifying . "
Horwath is n't the only one pressing for change .
A lack of hospital accountability has outraged Ontarians like John Balatinecz in Toronto .
The retired university professor began lobbying MPPs over the issue after a recent Star investigation .
Now the member of a community organization called Humber River Health Coalition is spearheading an effort to get hospital - focused citizen groups together to press for greater hospital transparency during the election campaign .
One goal of the new Ontario Alliance for Accountability of Hospital Boards is expanding the provincial ombudsman 's role to include hospitals .
" The ombudsman 's office is independent of political influence and political considerations , " says Balatinecz .
" It is really there to represent the citizenry . "
If Ontario 's ombudsman were given oversight powers into hospitals , his office would have no shortage of complaints .
Marin said last year alone his office had 237 complaints about hospitals and long - term care facilities he could do nothing about .
Officially , the role of the ombudsman is not to prosecute or investigate individuals , but to investigate decisions and processes to make sure they are " just , reasonable , fair and right , " says Marin .
He would look at hiring practices and staff qualifications , follow up on patient complaints and make sure communications between hospitals and patients are clear .
" I 'll go in , take a complaint , apply reasonable common sense , use the resources of my offices and make recommendations . "
The Ontario Hospital Association disagrees there is no meaningful oversight of hospitals .
It has argued Ontario hospitals rank among the most intensely scrutinized institutions in Canada , reporting to the health ministry and local health integration networks .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
As a result of a recent Star series , the governing Liberals are introducing mandatory regulations requiring hospitals to " inform patients when errors occur " and compel hospitals to report critical patient safety measures to the public .
The government is also close to passing Bill 171 , legislation that will introduce new disclosure rules and end secrecy around malpractice records , criminal convictions and limits on the licences of all health - care professionals .
But the Liberal government has said opening hospitals to investigations by the ombudsman 's office is not a priority .
Across Canada , provincial ombudsmen play a vital role in looking out for those without a voice in the health sector .
In Quebec , Le Protecteur du citoyen investigated complaints of abuse at a Montreal adult hospital for the developmentally challenged .
The Saint - Charles - Borromée hospital was effectively placed in trusteeship after the revelations of abuse .
Manitoba Ombudsman Irene Hamilton says her office routinely follows up on inquest recommendations related to hospital care issues to determine what actions have been taken .
" I think having an oversight function over hospitals is important .
There 's a significant expenditure of money and people need an avenue by which they can ask for the opportunity to have actions addressed . "
Alberta Ombudsman Gordon Button says that after 10 years of discussion , his office was given the power to investigate complaints last year .
" There needs to be an independent body to provide assurance – that last door to knock on ( for patients ) , " he says from his Edmonton office .
" We 've pushed long and hard for that .
There is no downside to openness and transparency and that is what the ombudsman brings . "
Alberta businessman Michael Broadhurst became an outspoken public advocate for making the hospital system more accountable after his 10 - year - old daughter died in 1997 .
Maren Burkhart was misdiagnosed with flu - like symptoms in a southern Alberta children 's hospital and sent home .
She returned to hospital and soon after died of septic shock .
Broadhurst became a thorn in the health system 's side , demanding explanations .
" All of us , we screw up .
If no one can look in from the outside , it 's going to get worse . "
Malleau , after finally getting his skull replacement surgery in January of last year , is paralyzed on his right side and his speech is only now beginning to return .
" I 've pretty much had to fight for everything , " says his wife Pat , a former bookkeeper .
" We were taxpayers .
Owned our own home .
We went from having our jobs , being in the middle class , to nothing . "
Read more about :
Category : Photoshop Brushes
Let ’s dive today into a sea of brushes .
Hundreds of thousands of sets are lying undiscovered like pirate treasures all over the web .
Due to this phenomenally vast amount of Photoshop brushes available , directories are becoming very popular lately .
Designers are collecting them like mad .
Not to mention that finding the most unique or bizarre set is a must .
And believe me , in this case , size does matter …
So , here ’s my contribution to all the Photoshop brushes starving hordes of designers and artists , including myself : 100 Awesome High Resolution Photoshop Brushes .
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
Turn a wok lid or mixing bowl into a super long range , tight focus amplification mic !
Easy and cheap !
I was ...
Turn a wok lid or mixing bowl into a super long range , tight focus amplification mic !
Easy and cheap !
I was even surprised !
Israel has dispatched an unscheduled delegation of intelligence officials to the US to try to convince it that Iran is still trying to develop nuclear weapon - contrary to the findings of a recent US intelligence report , security officials say .
The delegation , which set off last week on its unscheduled mission , will wind up its visit this week , the officials said .
They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter with the media .
It was not clear what type of material the Israeli delegation - for the most part military intelligence officers - presented to US officials .
The US and Israel will also hold additional joint formal meetings on the matter in coming weeks , the Israeli officials said .
Israel will use these forums to try to persuade the Americans that Iran is trying to development nuclear weapons , and intends to present information classified as top secret for security reasons , the officials said .
The US report , released earlier this month , concludes Iran halted its weapons development program in 2003 and that the program remained frozen through at least through the middle of this year .
The findings reversed a key conclusion from a 2005 intelligence report that Iran was developing a bomb .
Israeli officials who have reviewed all known intelligence on Iran 's nuclear activities have concluded that Iran did in fact suspend its atomic weapons development in 2003 , after the US invaded Iraq , the Israeli security officials said .
But Israel is convinced the Iranians set up a new production line whose details are n't known fully to Western intelligence agencies , they said .
Israel considers the regime in Tehran to be its biggest threat because of its nuclear ambitions , its long - range missile program and repeated calls by its president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , to wipe Israel off the map .
Iran says its nuclear program is designed to produce energy .
On Saturday , a senior Israeli Cabinet minister who once headed Israel 's internal security agency issued the country 's harshest criticism yet of the US intelligence report , calling it a ' ' misconception ' ' that threatened to lead to a surprise regional war .
'' Something went wrong in the American blueprint for analyzing the severity of the Iranian nuclear threat , '' Public Security Minister Avi Dichter said in a speech .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
A macrophage ( purple ) attacks a cancer cell ( yellow )
On October 1st 1890 , William B. Coley , a young bone surgeon barely two years out of medical school , saw one of his first patients in private practice at the New York Memorial Hospital .
Although he ’d only finished his residency earlier the same year , he ’d already gained a good reputation and many considered him a rising star of the New York surgical scene .
The seventeen year old patient had a painful , rapidly growing lump on the back of her right hand .
She had pinched the unlucky appendage between two railway carriage seats on a transcontinental trip to Alaska some months before , and when the bruise failed to heal she assumed the injury had become infected .
However the bruise turned into a bulge , the pain steadily worsened , and her baffled doctors were eventually compelled to call for Dr. Coley .
As a surgical man , Coley would never have guessed that this innocuous referral would take his career in a totally new direction⁠ — into an unusual branch of medicine now known as cancer immunotherapy .
At first Dr. Coley was also uncertain about the diagnosis .
But as the girl ’s condition rapidly deteriorated– with the lump becoming larger , more painful , and associated with the loss of sensation in some of the surrounding skin– the awful truth became apparent .
She had a sarcoma , a type of cancer that affects bone and connective tissue in the body .
Unfortunately , 19th century medicine offered very few treatment options .
On November 8th , Coley amputated her arm at the elbow .
Although the operation appeared to go well , the girl– named Elizabeth Dashiell– developed severe abdominal pain three weeks later .
Soon thereafter she noticed more lumps in her breasts and armpits , signs that the cancer was metastasizing , or spreading .
She rapidly lost strength and died on January 23rd 1891 , a scant three and a half months after her initial consultation , with a traumatized Dr. Coley at her bedside .
Elizabeth ’s death hit the young surgeon hard .
While a more experienced physician might have shrugged away the apparent failure and moved on , Coley was determined to do something .
His ensuing efforts culminated in the development of a famous fluid that , for a time , appeared to promise the fulfillment of that long - held dream : a universal cure for cancer .
Coley began by poring through the hospital ’s records , looking for clues from previous sarcoma cases that might lead to better treatments in the future .
He soon found what he was looking for : the case of a German man who came to the hospital with an egg - sized sarcoma in his left cheek some seven years earlier .
There were several attempts to excise the tumour but none of them were successful⁠ — each time the cancer came back , as aggressive as before .
The final operation could only partially remove the huge mass , leaving an open wound that subsequently became infected .
The unfortunate immigrant was deemed a terminal case .
Dr. William Coley
Yet four and a half months later , the man was discharged with no trace of disease .
Coley personally tracked down the former patient to verify that the miraculous cure had taken place .
Indeed , the man was healthy and happily settled into his new life in the United States .
The records showed that after the wound became infected with a commonplace bacterium , Streptococcus pyogenes , the patient went through several bouts of fever .
With each attack of fever the tumour shrank until eventually it disappeared entirely , leaving only a large scar under the left ear .
Coley surmised that the infection had stimulated the German ’s immune system– as evidenced by the repeated fevers– and that it was this immune response that had caused the eradication of the cancer .
The story so convinced Coley that he– perhaps cavalierly – contrived to contaminate his next ten suitable sarcoma cases with Streptococcus .
His initial approach was to inject a solution of live bacteria deep into the tumour mass on a repeated basis over several months .
The first patient to undergo this treatment was a bedridden man with inoperable sarcoma in the abdominal wall , bladder , and pelvis .
Using this experimental method , the patient was cured spectacularly .
He staged a full recovery , and survived another twenty - six years before dying from a heart attack .
But subsequent results were mixed ; sometimes it was difficult to get the infection to take hold , and in two cases the cancer responded well to treatment but the patients died from the Streptococcus infection .
Coley ’s discovery , as it turns out , was actually a re-discovery .
The idea of a link between acute infection and the resolution of tumours was not new , and the phenomenon of infection - related “ spontaneous regression ” of cancer has been documented throughout history .
A 13th century Italian saint was reputed to have his tumour - afflicted leg miraculously healed shortly after the malignant growth burst through the skin and became infected .
Crude cancer immunotherapies working along similar lines to Coley ’s early experiments were known in the 18th and 19th centuries , and may extend back to the time of the pharaohs .
Ancient writings suggest that the renowned Egyptian physician Imhotep may have used a similar infect - and - incise method to treat tumours .
But Coley took those first important steps in dragging this old remedy into the twentieth century .
After the fatalities with the ‘ live ’ version of his therapy , he developed an improved fluid containing killed bacteria of two different strains , Streptococcus pyogenes and Serratia marcescens .
This was based on the idea that the dead bacteria would still have the immune - stimulating capability of their living brethren ( in the form of purported ‘ toxins ’ ) , but not share their inconvenient tendency to cause death .
Streptococcus pyogenes
His invention became variously known as ‘ Coley ’s Toxins ’ , ‘ Coley ’s Vaccine ’ , ‘ Mixed Bacterial Toxins ’ or ‘ Coley Fluid . ’
The treatment was met with considerable success , with one study in 1999 suggesting that it was at least equally as effective in treating cancer as conventional modern therapies .
With due care in dosing and management of the induced fever , it was also remarkably safe .
Although Coley took the concept of immunotherapy much further than his pharaonic forebears , he had no clear idea how his toxins actually worked , and the tools did not yet exist for him to find out .
But given the rapid scientific progress at the turn of the last century , he reasoned that a deeper understanding of his therapy would arrive soon enough .
Although the true extent of his “ Toxin ” success has been questioned by historians , the validity of his approach has never been seriously called into doubt .
Indeed his results are regularly cited in the cancer research literature to this day .
Over the following years Coley continued to refine his technique .
He determined that the toxins should be administered to patients at progressively higher doses to counter the body ’s innate “ immune tolerance ” to the treatment .
Other physicians in America and Europe also experimented with the method , and found that the toxins appeared to work just as well in a number of different non-sarcoma cancer types such as carcinoma , lymphoma , and melanoma .
They could also be given intravenously some distance from the site of the tumour , and still be effective .
Variations on the basic bacterial recipe and different dosing regimes were tried , depending on the individual patient and the particular cancer ’s type and proliferation .
Through his career Coley himself treated over one hundred patients with his concoction , and countless more were treated by other doctors .
As the fame of his fluid grew , so did Dr Coley ’s stature : in 1915 he became head of the Bone Service at the New York Memorial Hospital ( which later became the Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center ) .
By the time he died in 1936 , Coley ’s Toxins were mentioned in a number of different surgical textbooks as a standard anti-cancer therapy .
Conventional modern medicine , however , very rarely employs Coley ’s Toxins in the treatment of cancer , for reasons almost as complicated as the human immune system itself .
One concern is the far - from - complete understanding of the mechanism of action ; generally , doctors are reluctant to administer treatments whose workings they do n’t fully comprehend .
The stimulated human immune system is a whirling tempest of different physiological and biochemical responses , and even now there ’s much uncertainty about how Coley ’s Toxins modified this complex mechanism to better attack its cancerous target .
T - cell ( small sphere ) attacks a cancer cell
One theory stresses the importance of the fluid - induced fever in killing the cancer cells ; another considers the debris - engulfing macrophage cells to be the main players , while others consider various different immune messenger molecules⁠ — or cytokines⁠ — to be important .
The eclipsing of Coley ’s Toxins also had something to do with the concurrent development of radiation therapy and , a little later , chemotherapy .
Soon after Wilhelm Roentgen discovered X - rays in 1895 , the possibility of using radioactivity to treat cancer was investigated .
The technology was exciting , new , and developing fast along well - understood principles .
Although the first results of radiotherapy were n’t all that impressive , it had the advantage of fractional doses , and once the equipment was in place it did n’t require the complicated , patient - specific preparation which was needed with Coley ’s Toxins .
Likewise chemotherapy was based on known scientific principles , and could be manufactured and used relatively easily .
Furthermore , both radiotherapy and chemotherapy have an immune - suppressing side - effect .
Since both treatments kill the rapidly dividing cells of the immune system along with the rapidly dividing cancer cells , both can be used together if care is taken .
But immune - stimulating Coley ’s Toxins work entirely differently , and their effect would be cancelled out if used at the same time as high - dose immunosuppressant chemo - or radiotherapy .
It became an either / or situation⁠ — and in the end , the fashionable new treatments won out over Coley ’s fiddly reworking of an ancient ‘ natural ’ remedy .
So when the US Food and Drug Administration changed the status of Coley ’s Toxins to that of a ‘ new drug ’ in 1963 – meaning that it could only be used in clinical trials , and greatly reducing its availability – it seemed that its time had already long passed .
But cancer immunotherapy does have limited applications today .
Perhaps its most frequent mainstream use is in the treatment of bladder cancer ; solutions containing the tuberculosis vaccine are routinely instilled into cancer - affected bladders , and are effective in causing regression of tumour deposits .
It is theorized that the bladder ’s immune response deals with the cancer in a similar way to the whole - body immune effect of Coley ’s Toxins .
Melanoma cells
Melanoma , a particularly nasty type of skin cancer that responds poorly to conventional radiotherapy and chemotherapy , is sometimes treated with an immune - stimulating cytokine called interferon .
In some ways this century - old form of treatment is still a fringe area of medicine .
But researchers have once again begun to probe the possibilities of immunotherapy .
New antibody - based treatments like Mabthera and Herceptin are making a real difference in the treatment of common cancers like lymphoma and breast cancer .
Although these therapies do n’t stimulate the body ’s immunity as a whole , they are based on antibody molecules which are key components of the human immune system .
They show that our increasing knowledge of the molecular nitty - gritty of the body ’s own defence and repair network is starting to make a real difference in the battle against cancer .
One tumour at a time , such advances in modern medicine are finally vindicating William Coley and his one - hundred - year - old cancer - killing concoction .
Posts
Young , Horny , and Impotent Woody Allen defined the act as “ sex with someone I love . ”
But sometimes you hurt the one you love , and in my case I proved Norman Mailer ’s theory that “ anybody who spends his adolescence masturbating enters his young adulthood with … Read More By Marty Beckerman / December 24 , 2007
Woody Allen defined the act as “ sex with someone I love . ”
But sometimes you hurt the one you love , and in my case I proved Norman Mailer ’s theory that “ anybody who spends his adolescence masturbating enters his young adulthood with no sense of being a man . ”
Specifically , I entered adulthood with no sense of how to have sex with an actual human female , thanks to Traumatic Masturbatory Syndrome .
TMS affects between five and fifteen percent of the male population , according to the TMS - awareness website Healthy Strokes .
The effects of TMS are twofold : inorgasmia , the inability to climax ( unless the penis is stimulated in the traumatic fashion ) , and erectile dysfunction .
Two - thirds of prone masturbators suffer from the latter even if they ’re 70 years younger than former Senator Bob Dole .
Before we proceed , it ’s important to note that TMS is n’t entirely accepted in the medical community as a physical affliction ; it is a theory that Dr. Lawrence Sank of the Center for Cognitive Therapy postulated in 1998 after studying just four traumatized masturbators .
( Would n’t “ Four Traumatized Masturbators ” make a great name for a band ? )
More research is necessary .
That said , my story would indicate that Dr. Sank is right on when it comes to hard - ons .
The first time I had an orgasm , I had no idea what I was doing .
I was lying on the floor of the family living room , doing seventh - grade homework , and suddenly my groin started to feel good .
So I pushed harder against the carpeting .
And harder .
And harder .
And then I peed my pants , only the pee was tugged out of my urethra .
At least I thought that it was urine .
My boxers were soaked with a warm , sticky liquid .
My heart was racing , my face was flushed and I was hyperventilating .
Why is my pecker so sore after peeing ?
I wondered .
Why did I piss myself when I did n’t need to go ?
I stood and limped through the living room , a stab of pain with every footstep .
“ Why are you wincing , honey ? ” my mother asked .
“ Do you have a headache ? ” Mom had guessed correctly , except that it was my southernmost head that ached .
I staggered to the bathroom and removed my briefs , dismayed to find that I had ejected gooey , clear piss .
I wondered if I should tell Mom to call 911 .
I had taken sex education the previous year , so I must have technically known what semen was — although the teacher never detailed its albino yolk - like consistency — but I did n’t put two and two together .
I decided against summoning an ambulance , changed into an unsoiled pair of underwear and forgot about the incident .
A few weeks later , however , I was lying face down in bed , trying to sleep before class the next day , and I felt the same pleasant pressure .
By instinct I cupped my testicles with my hands , thrust downward into the mattress , and soon ejaculated for the second time .
The third time , I used a towel from the linen closet to capture my sticky Semitic seed .
( And thus was I united with my jizz rag ; it ’s a heartwarming saga . )
I never had an older brother to teach me how to masturbate , and I did n’t understand the jerking motion my friends made whenever they referenced the topic .
Humping the bed seemed to work fine .
But when I finally scored the occasional opportunity to have sex with girls , the effects of this prone method took their toll .
The majority of traumatic masturbators would rather whack off than have sex , as opposed to 80 percent of non-traumatic masturbators ( which is still a startlingly low statistic — seriously , guys ? ) , and I soon discovered why .
Because of TMS my penis was moodier than a Dashboard Confessional record .
The first time a girl offered to have sex with me — an act of charity that dwarfs anything that Mother Teresa ever accomplished — I could n’t get it up .
This was partly due to nervousness , but mostly due to my traumatic masturbating .
“ Um … just give me a minute … ” I kept pleading , humping the mattress .
“ Maybe you should drive me home now ? ” she asked forty - five minutes later , as I sobbed upon her breasts like a little girl who had lost her teddy bear .
The next time a chick offered to defile me , however , I did manage to get it up — only I could n’t get it down .
After a good hour of fucking , I could n’t finish .
She was getting sore and asked if I ’d take much longer ; ultimately I drove her home with a raging , unsatisfied erection .
( Guys assume that it would be great to last forever , but when you ca n’t actually enjoy the proceedings , the feat of endurance is useless . )
When I arrived back at my house , my mattress finally got me off .
This happened the next time I had sex , a month later .
I bragged about my superhuman capacity to anyone who would listen but I privately wondered what the hell was wrong with me .
Why could I orgasm so easily when I made love to my bed , but mashed these girls ’ innards into the raw , stringy consistency of ground beef ?
However , by the time I started college , I had the opposite problem : I lasted only a few minutes , and sometimes seconds , during sex .
A girl once laughed after my sub -par performance and asked the most dreaded question a man can hear : “ That ’s it ? ”
The most shameful incident came in the summer of 2003 , when I had the chance to have sex with a lesbian whom no guy had ever penetrated .
( If I ’ve said it once , I ’ve said it a million times : Thank Christ for booze . )
We were pounding shots .
She said that I was cute — which proves that I ’m either such a stud that even lesbians can’t resist me , or I look like a pretty woman — and we made our way to a bedroom downstairs .
She gave the best head that I ’ve ever gotten in my life ( she licked my balls like a clitoris , I think ) , and then confessed that she had always wondered what it ’s like to have a man inside her instead of some chick ’s fist .
So I slid into her , totally getting off on the fact that I was converting a lesbian , and then I actually got off .
I blamed my premature ejaculation on the alcohol , but I knew it was the same problem that had plagued me for years .
I just did n’t know what the problem was .
( Fun Factoid : after I had finished filling the lesbian with Man Juice , she said , “ I thought it would spray more — like a geyser or something ! ” Fun Factoid # 2 : Did you know that only scientists can impregnate lesbians ? )
With my next girlfriend I tried those “ extended pleasure ” condoms with a numbing agent for guys with control issues , except that they made me so desensitized that I could n’t summon an erection in the first place .
By this point , I was terrified of sex — it always meant embarrassment and emasculation .
But salvation came in the form of a Google search for “ young male impotence , ” or some such thing .
I discovered Healthy Strokes.com and realized that I had been my own worst enemy for all those years ; I had conditioned my anatomy to only respond to the stimulus of pressure instead of friction .
The good news was that TMS is fully reversible .
I could save my privates through a journey of sacrifice .
The sacrifice was this : I had to forever give up humping the mattress .
At age 20 I had to teach myself how to masturbate all over again .
At first it felt foreign and strange , jerking up and down whilst I lay on my back .
There was nothing erotic about it ; I could n’t picture myself on top of a woman , and because of my TMS I had n’t yet had one on top of me during sex .
I started to despair ; what if I could n’t fix the problem and recondition my penis ?
What if I was doomed to a solitary life of self - satisfaction ?
But like Senator John McCain , my motto is No Surrender .
After a couple unsuccessful tries at whacking it like a normal human male — and subsequent relapses into prone masturbating — I forced myself to jerk it faster , faster , faster , and finally my body responded .
It was the best nut - bust of all time because it meant freedom .
Free at last !
Thank God Almighty , I was free from TMS at last !
I continued to squeeze ‘em off using the time - honored method , and then something happened when I next had sex : I actually had sex .
I lasted for a decent amount of time , I enjoyed it .
And I climaxed .
It was everything that I had always ( wet - ) dreamed .
However , because I ’m faithful to my current girlfriend and therefore cannot have good sex with all the girls whom I ’ve disappointed — especially that horny fucking lesbian — I must always live with the shame of knowing that I underperformed for all those years .
Things have straightened out , so to speak , but those females will always remember me as a boy — an invalid — instead of a man .
But for all of you budding traumatic masturbators out there , you can avoid my mistakes .
You are the future ; TMS is scary enough to make you really piss your pants , but you can spare yourselves from years of humiliation and self - doubt if you simply take the time to learn the proper method .
The choice is n’t hard , my friends , but you will be .
Start with a cage containing five apes .
In the cage , hang a banana on a string and put stairs under it .
Before long , an ape will go to the stairs and start to climb towards the banana .
As soon as he touches the stairs , spray all of the apes with cold water .
After a while , another ape makes an attempt with the same result -- all the apes are sprayed with cold water .
This continues through several more attempts .
Pretty soon , when another ape tries to climb the stairs , the other apes all try to prevent it .
Now , turn off the cold water .
Remove one ape from the cage and replace it with a new one .
The new ape sees the banana and wants to climb the stairs .
To his horror , all of the other apes attack him .
After another attempt and attack , he knows that if he tries to climb the stairs , he will be assaulted .
Next , remove another of the original five apes and replace it with a new one .
The newcomer goes to the stairs and is attacked .
The previous newcomer takes part in the punishment with enthusiasm .
Again , replace a third original ape with a new one .
The new one makes it to the stairs and is attacked as well .
Two of the four apes that beat him have no idea why they were not permitted to climb the stairs , or why they are participating in the beating of the newest ape .
After replacing the fourth and fifth original apes , all the apes that had been sprayed with cold water have been replaced .
Nevertheless , no ape ever again approaches the stairs .
Why not ?
Because that 's the way they 've always done it and that 's the way it 's always been around here .
And that 's how policy begins ....
-- random email forward
Last year , Netflix published 10 million movie rankings by 500,000 customers , as part of a challenge for people to come up with better recommendation systems than the one the company was using .
The data was anonymized by removing personal details and replacing names with random numbers , to protect the privacy of the recommenders .
Arvind Narayanan and Vitaly Shmatikov , researchers at the University of Texas at Austin , de-anonymized some ofthe Netflix data by comparing rankings and timestamps with public information in the Internet Movie Database , or IMDb .
Their research ( .pdf ) illustrates some inherent security problems with anonymous data , but first it 's important to explain what they did and did not do .
They did not reverse the anonymity of the entire Netflix dataset .
What they did was reverse the anonymity of the Netflix dataset for those sampled users who also entered some movie rankings , under their own names , in the IMDb .
( While IMDb 's records are public , crawling the site to get them is against the IMDb 's terms of service , so the researchers used a representative few to prove their algorithm . )
The point of the research was to demonstrate how little information is required to de-anonymize information in the Netflix dataset .
On one hand , is n't that sort of obvious ?
The risks of anonymous databases have been written about before , such as in this 2001 paper published in an IEEE journal ( .pdf ) .
The researchers working with the anonymous Netflix data did n't painstakingly figure out people 's identities – as others did with the AOL search database last year – they just compared it with an already identified subset of similar data : a standard data - mining technique .
But as opportunities for this kind of analysis pop up more frequently , lots of anonymous data could end up at risk .
Someone with access to an anonymous dataset of telephone records , for example , might partially de-anonymize it by correlating it with a catalog merchants ' telephone order database .
Or Amazon 's online book reviews could be the key to partially de-anonymizing a public database of credit card purchases , or a larger database of anonymous book reviews .
Google , with its database of users ' internet searches , could easily de-anonymize a public database of internet purchases , or zero in on searches of medical terms to de-anonymize a public health database .
Merchants who maintain detailed customer and purchase information could use their data to partially de-anonymize any large search engine 's data , if it were released in an anonymized form .
A data broker holding databases of several companies might be able to de-anonymize most of the records in those databases .
What the University of Texas researchers demonstrate is that this process is n't hard , and does n't require a lot of data .
It turns out that if you eliminate the top 100 movies everyone watches , our movie - watching habits are all pretty individual .
This would certainly hold true for our book reading habits , our internet shopping habits , our telephone habits and our web searching habits .
The obvious countermeasures for this are , sadly , inadequate .
Netflix could have randomized its dataset by removing a subset of the data , changing the timestamps or adding deliberate errors into the unique ID numbers it used to replace the names .
It turns out , though , that this only makes the problem slightly harder .
Narayanan's and Shmatikov 's de-anonymization algorithm is surprisingly robust , and works with partial data , data that has been perturbed , even data with errors in it .
With only eight movie ratings ( of which two may be completely wrong ) , and dates that may be up to two weeks in error , they can uniquely identify 99 percent of the records in the dataset .
After that , all they need is a little bit of identifiable data : from the IMDb , from your blog , from anywhere .
The moral is that it takes only a small named database for someone to pry the anonymity off a much larger anonymous database .
Other research reaches the same conclusion .
Using public anonymous data from the 1990 census , Latanya Sweeney found that 87 percent of the population in the United States , 216 million of 248 million , could likely be uniquely identified by their five - digit ZIP code , combined with their gender and date of birth .
About half of the U.S. population is likely identifiable by gender , date of birth and the city , town or municipality in which the person resides .
Expanding the geographic scope to an entire county reduces that to a still - significant 18 percent .
" In general , " the researchers wrote , " few characteristics are needed to uniquely identify a person . "
Stanford University researchers ( .pdf ) reported similar results using 2000 census data .
It turns out that date of birth , which ( unlike birthday month and day alone ) sorts people into thousands of different buckets , is incredibly valuable in disambiguating people .
This has profound implications for releasing anonymous data .
On one hand , anonymous data is an enormous boon for researchers – AOL did a good thing when it released its anonymous dataset for research purposes , and it's sad that the CTO resigned and an entire research team was fired after the public outcry .
Large anonymous databases of medical data are enormously valuable to society : for large - scale pharmacology studies , long - term follow - up studies and so on .
Even anonymous telephone data makes for fascinating research .
On the other hand , in the age of wholesale surveillance , where everyone collects data on us all the time , anonymization is very fragile and riskier than it initially seems .
Like everything else in security , anonymity systems should n't be fielded before being subjected to adversarial attacks .
We all know that it 's folly to implement a cryptographic system before it 's rigorously attacked ; why should we expect anonymity systems to be any different ?
And , like everything else in security , anonymity is a trade - off .
There are benefits , and there are corresponding risks .
Narayanan and Shmatikov are currently working on developing algorithms and techniques that enable the secure release of anonymous datasets like Netflix's .
That 's a research result we can all benefit from .
\—
Bruce Schneier is CTO of BT Counterpane and author of Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World .
You can read more of his writings on his website .
The ship lies beneath land by the Railway Inn in Meols
The vessel is believed to lie beneath 6 - 10 ft ( 2 - 3 m ) of clay by the Railway Inn in Meols , Wirral , where Vikings are known to have settled .
Experts believe the ship could be one of Britain 's most significant archaeological finds .
Professor Stephen Harding , of the University of Nottingham , is now seeking funds to pay for an excavation .
The Viking expert used ground penetrating radar ( GPR ) equipment to pinpoint the ship 's whereabouts .
He believes the vessel could be carefully removed and exhibited in a museum .
Professor Harding said : " The next stage is the big one .
Using the GPR technique only cost £ 450 , but we have to think carefully about what to do next .
Vikings are known to have settled on the Wirral
" Although we still do n't know what sort of vessel it is , it 's very old for sure and its Nordic clinker design , position and location suggests it may be a transport vessel from the Viking settlement period if not long afterwards .
" Scandinavian influence persisted here through the centuries .
" It is speculation at the moment , but at least we now know exactly where to look to find out .
How it got there is also hard to say .
" It is some distance from the present coastline and probably the old one too .
" It might have got to its present position after flooding and sinking into an old marsh . "
The ship was first uncovered in 1938 when the Railway Inn was being knocked down and rebuilt further from the road , the site of the old pub being made into a car park .
Workers were advised by the foreman to cover the ship over again so as not to delay construction .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush was told in August that Iran 's nuclear weapons program " may be suspended , " the White House said Wednesday , which seemingly contradicts the account of the meeting given by Bush Tuesday .
President Bush was n't given specifics in the August meeting , his press secretary says .
Adm .
Mike McConnell , the director of national intelligence , told Bush the new information might cause intelligence officials to change their assessment of the Iranian program , but said analysts needed to review the new data before making a final judgment , White House press secretary Dana Perino said late Wednesday .
" Director McConnell said that the new information might cause the intelligence community to change its assessment of Iran 's covert nuclear program , but the intelligence community was not prepared to draw any conclusions at that point in time , and it would n't be right to speculate until they had time to examine and analyze the new data , " Perino said in a statement issued by the White House .
The new account from Perino seems to contradict the president 's version of his August conversation with McConnell and raised new questions about why Bush continued to warn the American public about a threat from Iran two months after being told a new assessment was in the works .
But Perino said there was no conflict between her statement and Bush 's Tuesday account of the meeting , when he said McConnell " did n't tell me what the information was . "
" The president was n't given the specific details " of the revised intelligence estimate , which was released Monday , Perino said .
Nor did Bush mislead Americans in October , when he warned of a third world war triggered by Iran 's development of nuclear technology , she said .
" The president did n't say we 're going to cause World War III , " Perino said .
" He was saying he wanted to avoid World War III . "
In October , the president told reporters , " If you 're interested in avoiding World War III , it seems like you ought to be preventing [ Iran ] from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon . "
The apparent gap between what U.S. intelligence officials knew in August and Bush 's later warnings drew sharp criticism from Sen. Joseph Biden , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a Democratic presidential candidate , who called Bush 's explanation unbelievable .
" I refuse to believe that , " Biden said Tuesday .
" If that 's true , he has the most incompetent staff in modern American history , and he 's one of the most incompetent presidents in modern American history . "
But Perino said there was no need for Bush to pull back on any of his public statements after the August meeting , because McConnell stressed to the president that intelligence officials still had to do " due diligence " to make sure the new information was correct .
" The director advised that there were many streams of information that had the potential to be in conflict , and it would take more time to vet it all to determine validity , and that 's why they were not able to meet the deadline , " she said in the prepared statement .
Perino said her account came from a conversation that McConnell had Wednesday with another White House official .
Earlier , Perino 's deputy , Tony Fratto , had refused to provide reporters with further details about the August meeting between Bush and McConnell .
The Bush administration has spent years warning that Iran 's development of nuclear power plants and enriched uranium masked an effort to produce an atomic bomb .
But in a reversal of a 2005 report , the National Intelligence Estimate released Monday concluded that Iran suspended nuclear weapons work in late 2003 and was unlikely to produce enough weapons - grade uranium for a bomb until at least 2010 .
Instead of focusing on that reversal , Bush has continued to stress that the report confirms long - standing suspicions that Iran had a nuclear weapons program in the first place .
He said Wednesday that Tehran " has more to explain about its nuclear intentions and past actions , " including a weapons program " which the Iranian regime has yet to acknowledge . "
But Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the report was " a declaration of victory " for Iran in the face of international pressure to suspend his country 's production of nuclear fuel .
" Iran is a peaceful nuclear country now , and they have all accepted Iran as a nuclear country and have announced they will stand a nuclear Iran , " Ahmadinejad said Wednesday .
But Bush said Tuesday the report " does n't do anything to change my opinion about the danger Iran poses to the world . "
And Perino called Ahmadinejad a " liar " Wednesday , because the new NIE shows that Tehran did have a clandestine nuclear weapons program at one time .
" If anyone wants to call the president a liar , they are misreading the situation for their own political purposes , " Perino said .
" The liar is Ahmadinejad , and he has a lot of explaining to do . "
In the August meeting , the White House said , McConnell told Bush " that the intelligence community would not be able to meet a congressionally imposed deadline requiring a National Intelligence Estimate on Iran because new information had been obtained . "
Perino said this information showed the White House was correct in believing that Iran had a nuclear weapons program , which it halted only because of Bush 's policies .
" The international pressure -- and the president 's approach -- has worked , " she said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Iran • Nuclear Weapons • George W. Bush
Bin Laden : ' Your security is in your own hands '
( CNN ) -- Osama bin Laden delivered a new videotaped message which aired on the Arab language network Al - Jazeera Friday .
This is a transcript of his remarks as translated by CNN senior editor for Arab affairs Octavia Nasr .
You , the American people , I talk to you today about the best way to avoid another catastrophe and about war , its reasons and its consequences .
And in that regard , I say to you that security is an important pillar of human life , and that free people do not compromise their security .
Contrary to what [ President George W. ]
Bush says and claims -- that we hate freedom -- let him tell us then , " Why did we not attack Sweden ? "
It is known that those who hate freedom do n't have souls with integrity , like the souls of those 19 .
May the mercy of God be upon them .
We fought with you because we are free , and we do n't put up with transgressions .
We want to reclaim our nation .
As you spoil our security , we will do so to you .
I wonder about you .
Although we are ushering the fourth year after 9/11 , Bush is still exercising confusion and misleading you and not telling you the true reason .
Therefore , the motivations are still there for what happened to be repeated .
And I will talk to you about the reason for those events , and I will be honest with you about the moments the decision was made so that you can ponder .
And I tell you , God only knows , that we never had the intentions to destroy the towers .
But after the injustice was so much and we saw transgressions and the coalition between Americans and the Israelis against our people in Palestine and Lebanon , it occurred to my mind that we deal with the towers .
And these special events that directly and personally affected me go back to 1982 and what happened when America gave permission for Israel to invade Lebanon .
And assistance was given by the American sixth fleet .
During those crucial moments , my mind was thinking about many things that are hard to describe .
But they produced a feeling to refuse and reject injustice , and I had determination to punish the transgressors .
And as I was looking at those towers that were destroyed in Lebanon , it occurred to me that we have to punish the transgressor with the same -- and that we had to destroy the towers in America so that they taste what we tasted , and they stop killing our women and children .
We found no difficulties in dealing with the Bush administration , because of the similarities of that administration and the regimes in our countries , half of which are run by the military and half of which are run by monarchs .
And our experience is vast with them .
And those two kinds are full of arrogance and taking money illegally .
The resemblance started when [ former President George H.W. ]
Bush , the father , visited the area , when some of our own were impressed by America and were hoping that the visits would affect and influence our countries .
Then , what happened was that he was impressed by the monarchies and the military regimes , and he was jealous of them staying in power for tens of years , embezzling the public money without any accountability .
And he moved the tyranny and suppression of freedom to his own country , and they called it the Patriot Act , under the disguise of fighting terrorism .
And Bush , the father , found it good to install his children as governors and leaders .
We agreed with the leader of the group , Mohammed Atta , to perform all attacks within 20 minutes before [ President George W. ]
Bush and his administration were aware of what was going on .
And we never knew that the commander - in - chief of the American armed forces would leave 50,000 of his people in the two towers to face those events by themselves when they were in the most urgent need of their leader .
He was more interested in listening to the child 's story about the goat rather than worry about what was happening to the towers .
So , we had three times the time necessary to accomplish the events .
Your security is not in the hands of [ Democratic presidential nominee John ] Kerry or Bush or al Qaeda .
Your security is in your own hands .
Any nation that does not attack us will not be attacked .
( CNN ) -- Parents are struggling with what to tell their children after finding out that Britney Spears ' younger sister , Jamie Lynn Spears , is pregnant .
Jamie Lynn Spears , shown in September , stars in the popular Nickelodeon series " Zoey 101 . "
The 16 - year - old star of Nickelodeon 's " Zoey 101 " series told OK !
magazine that she is expecting a baby and that the father is her boyfriend , Casey Aldridge .
Many CNN.com readers responded to the news by saying they are going to overhaul their television - viewing habits as well as discuss the lessons to be learned with their children .
Watch a psychologist address teen pregnancy »
Below is a selection of the responses , some of which have been edited :
Lyric Rose of St. Louis , Missouri
My daughter is young , and she likes the show " Zoey 101 , " but she 's old enough to be asking questions .
I 'm hoping her father and I can sit her down and explain that sometimes we make poor choices and we are responsible for the consequences .
Hopefully citing examples of when she 's told a lie and gotten caught and the upcoming birth of her brother will help to clarify our discussion .
They are teaching " Health " to children younger and younger , and I 'm certain she has a pretty basic understanding of how things happen .
All we can do is hope that our message sinks in .
And pay attention and listen and perhaps catch problems before they become unmanageable .
Thank you .
Maurice L. of Winnipeg , Manitoba
Why has no one mentioned -- statutory rape ?
I mean she was 16 .
Lest we should forget the ordeal the young man in Georgia went through .
If she just turned 16 , then she was 15 when this occurred .
Should n't the father be thrown in jail ?
Why is this not rape when celebrities are involved ?
Watch CNN 's Sunny Hostin on what the law says »
Sheila Anderson of Boone , Iowa
I have told my daughter that this is a perfect example of parents not setting boundaries for their children .
Of course , a 16 - year - old girl will get pregnant when she lives with a 19 - year - old man .
She was not old enough to be responsible for herself , and if her mom and dad had been reasonable parents , they would never have allowed her to move in with her boyfriend .
Poor Jamie will never get the opportunity to just be a kid now that a baby is on its way .
She 's already grown up too fast and now will grow up even faster .
I hope the little baby lives in a happy and loving environment , but as past cases like the little " Baby Grace " story show us , all strikes are against the child when born to teenage parents .
Natalie St. Ange of Victorville , California
My daughter heard the announcement .
She is 11 and watches " Zoey 101 . "
Her first reaction was " Great .
Now she wo n't be taping ' Zoey 101 ' anymore . "
I thought it was funny , but realized that my daughter , in her own way , knew how a baby can impact Jamie 's life and career .
I try to talk to my daughter about waiting until she is married and told her what the challenges are ( coming from a young single mom who is now married ) .
I think for the parents out there who do n't know what to say I would recommend not being judgmental .
Jamie is probably scared , but it takes a big heart to want to keep the baby .
Most kids would have gotten an abortion or hid it .
She actually took time to make the decision .
Second , use this as an opening to finally talking to your kids about teen pregnancy and how difficult life can be if he / she becomes a parent at a young age .
I just feel really bad for her .
Most people are probably looking down on her , but I was in that boat and I was just fine .
Then again , I got pregnant at 18 , and it does make a difference .
But she works , has a good job , makes a lot of money and has the money for resources needed to ensure the baby is taken care of .
Above all else , she wo n't put herself in the same position her sister has .
She seems to be aware that she 'll be watched and just may surprise everyone .
George Romaka of Honolulu , Hawaii
This is one of those things that should just not happen .
These days , by the age of 16 , kids probably know more about sex than their grandparents .
...
They know about birth control and safe sex .
They know about abstinence .
She ( and her boyfriend ) made a mistake .
That being said , the mistake is made , and it 's time to move forward .
It is a good ( if tentative ) sign that she has stepped up to the plate and taken responsibility for her actions .
Despite the couple 's mistake , it is their mistake , not ours .
The only difference between them and the thousands of other teen parents in America is that she 's Britney Spears ' sister and a TV personality , which somehow , through the warped American infatuation with celebrity , makes it a newsworthy event .
As a society , we need to step up as well and support the new family .
We do n't have to agree with how it got this far , but is it right to shun a baby because of the actions of its parents ?
One more thing , I definitely give her credit for keeping the baby .
It 's a tough choice , and , in my own personal opinion , she made the right one .
So to the new family - to - be , congratulations .
May your lives not turn into a kind of ridiculous soap opera that Britney 's has .
Lauren Middleton of Dublin , Ohio
I 'm a 24 - year - old mother , and my sister became a mom for the first time at 16 .
Her second son was born when she was 19 .
All you can do is educate your children .
If you tell them what not to do , they 'll do it .
Once they hit the teenage years , and they start being allowed to go out with their friends and start dating , you have to trust that what you taught them is / was enough .
When my daughter gets older , I plan on educating her on the consequences of premarital sex ( she was born out of wedlock , but I was a bit older -- 23 , to be exact ) .
Just watching my sister struggle with her decision to give her son up was tough .
Amanda Smith of Portland , Oregon
My daughter is 16 , and although she does not have access to the wealth and privilege of Miss Spears , she has been educated enough to understand the ramifications of sex .
Although an uncomfortable subject for both of us , as her parent it is my responsibility to ensure that if and when she is having sex , she is always practicing safe sex .
This story will reiterate to my daughter that anyone can get pregnant without the proper precautions .
Kymberlie Piekkola of Buena Park , California
I have two boys .
They have friends who live with single mothers or whose parents are divorced .
So when we have conversations about sex and responsibility , I remind them constantly :
What would they prefer for themselves growing up ?
Would they rather not have a Dad in the home ?
Would they like to be shuffled back and forth between homes ?
Would they like to have a child in the world that they get to visit ?
I also know that it 's important to make the best of your life and cards you are dealt .
Be grateful for all you have , but when you have choices that will affect another person 's life , then you better be thinking of the consequences .
My 9 - year - old says it best .
Girlfriends mean kissing , which leads to sex , and sex makes babies , so wait to be picky and make a nest before you make the babies .
I guess all my talking is sinking in .
I just get so frustrated with the attitude of " I can do this alone , I do n't need a man , " but kids need dads , and I am so grateful for the wonderful example of fatherhood in our home and pray my boys make good and responsible choices as they grow up .
Frances Cleveland of Alabaster , Alabama
I have a 9 - year - old daughter and an 11 - year - old son .
I will use this as an opportunity to talk to them about why they should wait for marriage or at least until they 're older to begin having sex .
After the Vanessa Hudgens nude photo scandal and now this , I think we 're going to stop watching television for a while .
At least until I can make my kids understand that actors are not the people they portray on the screen .
My heart just breaks for Lynn Spears .
I hope 2008 is better for her than 2007 has been .
Arden VanNatten of Schenectady , New York
I 'm telling the kids " Zoey101 " has been canceled .
I hope Nickelodeon does the right thing and cancels the show .
She is a role model for young girls .
Looks like she 's following in the footsteps of her sister .
Annie Gardner of Oak Ridge , Tennessee
I would just tell her that sometimes even good kids make bad choices , and that each day the choices you make for yourself is what you have to live with the rest of your life .
Then I would tell her if she ever went out and even thought about acting like Britney Spears , I would ground her for the rest of her life .
Janice Coffman of Maumee , Ohio
The media goes too far intruding into anyone 's personal life .
This should have been a private matter within the family .
This is a problem that happens in the best of families .
All you can do is try to tell your children the facts and hope they take precautions .
As far as Ms. Spears is concerned , she should have known better .
Bill Braskey of Manhattan , Kansas
I will tell my little girls that they should n't be having sex until they get married at the ripe old age of 30 .
I will also let them know that just because these Spears girls are on TV does n't mean you need to follow them .
I think the Spears parents [ are ] mostly to blame for the trouble these girls have gotten themselves into .
Trina Gooden of Lorton , Virginia
I 'm trying to figure that out right now .
My daughter is 7 , and I allow her to watch the show on Sundays .
More than likely I 'll phase the show out of her Sunday ritual .
However , if I hear our Brownie troop talking about it , there will have to be a conversation in the near future .
I just do n't know how to sugarcoat this one .
A 16 - year - old many little girls look up to is expecting .
I guess that is what I will tell her and then let her ask me questions .
Patricia N. of Nashua , New Hampshire
Enough is enough .
Now we have a child glamorizing teen pregnancy .
Boycott anything to do with the Spears family .
Boycott Nickelodeon .
Write to them and tell them you will no longer allow that station to be viewed on any electronic device in your home .
As a grandparent whose grandchildren respect my opinions , I will have to stress the fact that some people are disrespectful and irresponsible and there are consequences to the actions we take .
As evidenced by the two sadly neglected children of Britney .
Mel Nutter of San Diego , California
Jamie was shocked when she found out she was pregnant ?
Did she realize that sex can lead to pregnancy ?
This family is so messed up .
Big sister is an unfit mother .
Little sister is irresponsible .
Is n't there any parental guidance in that family ?
Let me give everyone some advice :
First comes love , then comes marriage , then comes baby in a baby carriage .
Terra Crable of Springfield , Ohio
Unfortunately , I have no choice but to discuss it , seeing how it will cover every newsstand in the country .
I am not sure how to approach the subject with my three daughters : twins , 9 , and a 6 - year - old who enjoy Spears in " Zoey 101 " on Nickelodeon .
I am a social worker who believes in being open , but not disclosing things too soon to salvage their innocence as much as possible in today 's world .
We have talked about sex only in the terms of what happens between two adult people who are committed to one another for life in the form of marriage .
We have not discussed teen pregnancy or homosexuality yet , not because I have judgment against it , but because I do n't believe they are ready for this information developmentally .
Having money does not make you a good parent at any age , and I wish Hollywood would stop glorifying people making destructive decisions .
Focus on homelessness , poverty , hunger , war , fair wages , education .
The things that matter .
I am scared of what will be left for my children and their children .
Geoffrey Jacks of Blaine , Minnesota
My children ( 13 and 16 ) and I have had these conversations in the past .
Unfortunately , they have been exposed to the results of underage and premarital sex through acquaintances at school .
What I want them to focus on in this particular event is how quickly a teen icon ( yes , my daughter has been known to watch " Zoey 101 " ) disappears from the popular public eye .
She can , at best , reinvent herself as her sister did , though not well apparently .
I compare this issue to the Vanessa Hudgens nude photo fiasco .
Disney very quickly ( and probably rightfully ) moved the focus from Hudgens to co-star Ashley Tisdale .
I imagine Nickelodeon cannot afford to do otherwise .
Erin of Troy , Ohio
I think the media has gotten out of control .
Who cares if a 16 - year old is pregnant ?
Times are a - changin ' and this is n't the big shocker it would have been maybe 10 years ago .
Props to her for having the courage to go public and put herself through the same scrutiny that has all but destroyed her sister .
Larry Lines of Houston , Texas
Teen parents are not pariahs to be judged and pretend that they do n't exist .
They are real parents with real children who will be in society and the schools with everyone else .
Keep your judgment to yourself , or I will start criticizing your parenting skills .
There are plenty of people that waited until they got married to have sex that are terrible people and terrible parents .
The same group of fascists that tell us not to have sex until we get married and then ostracize Jamie Lynn for having a baby would crucify her for having an abortion .
Learn some real Christian compassion .
The miracle of life is happening to this young woman .
Get onboard or shut up .
Donovan Leslie of La Grange , Illinois
This is why I try to be the best dad I can be -- so my kids will look to me as a role model and not these celebrities .
I really hope all those girls watching Nickelodeon wo n't try to follow in her footsteps .
Jackie Borget of Boise , Idaho
Luckily I do n't have kids the age to even know who Spears is , so I have no explaining to do .
However , it really is sad that she does n't give the baby up for adoption .
It seems she has a promising career , and even with no career , a 16 - year - old is too young for a child .
I was 23 when my first was born , and I have a very supportive husband and it was still super difficult .
Never mind the Spears family history with child - rearing .
...
Good luck , she is sure going to need all she can get .
E-mail to a friend
All About Britney Spears • Pregnancy and Childbirth
A fake Hawaii license , which alternates between the names Fogell and McLovin , was sold with the " Superbad " DVD set .
COURTESY KITVA fake Hawaii license , which alternates between the names Fogell and McLovin , was sold with the " Superbad " DVD set .
No love for license in isles
A plea from the mayor spurs Wal - Mart to pull specially packaged DVDs of " Superbad "
Bonus packages of " Superbad " DVD movies carrying copies of a phony Hawaii driver 's license featured in the hit comedy have been pulled from all Wal - Mart stores in the islands , a recall that could spread nationally , officials said yesterday .
The move came after Mayor Mufi Hannemann on Wednesday called the promotional plastic card " inappropriate " advertising , fearing minors could use it to pass as adults or buy alcohol .
The city notified local authorities and even the Department of Homeland Security about the cards .
In the movie , produced by Sony Pictures , actor Christopher Mintz - Plasse , who plays high school teenager Fogell , tries to buy more than $ 100 worth of liquor for a senior party using a fake Hawaii I.D .
" We 're very pleased that Wal - Mart has taken prompt , corrective measures to comply with the city 's request to protect the integrity of our driver 's license , " Hannemann said yesterday in a news release .
" It was foolish of the movie studio to include this prop in the DVD , particularly because it could be used by unscrupulous people to deceive others who are unfamiliar with our driver 's license . "
It 's unclear if Wal - Mart 's sales ban , for now limited to its seven Hawaii stores , would affect mainland shops also offering the " Superbad " DVD package .
Wal - Mart is the only retailer marketing the movies with the card , according to Sony Pictures , though countless copies of the special package are up for sale on eBay and other Internet Web sites .
Brian Halsey , market manager over operations for Wal - Mart in Hawaii , said company officials " were considering " expanding the recall to all stores , but he was n't aware of a decision yesterday .
Sony Pictures , declining to comment on how many special " Superbad " packages had been made , said yesterday there are no plans for additional production .
In an e-mail , it said the card " has a shifting , dual photograph and other features to make clear it 's not a real I.D. "
" We regret that it has caused concerns in Hawaii or elsewhere , " the company said .
" This was a one - time promotion and no further shipments are planned . "
At some point , most people reach a point of “ burnout ” with their job .
The routines , paperwork , and effort reach a point of becoming overwhelming and you go home feeling absolutely empty , devoid of energy and life .
I ’ve gone through several periods like this myself , and I ’ve developed a lot of techniques for dealing with this level of burnout .
Take vacation as soon as possible .
File paperwork to take a week or two off , and just do nothing .
Seriously .
Sit at home and recharge .
Get caught up on things you ’ve been putting off because you ’ve been burnt out .
Eat very healthy and get some exercise .
Do a few things that are purely fun .
In fact , most of these other items work best if done immediately after returning from a vacation .
Make a list of the items that you do at work that you enjoy .
What tasks make you feel fulfilled at work ?
What ones do you actually enjoy doing ?
Think of the pieces of your job that make you feel productive and make you feel like you ’re actually contributing in a positive fashion , then list several of these .
Make a list of the items that you dislike doing at work .
Do n’t include ones you ’re indifferent about – just include the ones that are truly dreadful to you .
For me , the bane of my existence is bureaucracy – I hate filling out reports , forms , etc .
Spend a week or two doing only the tasks you enjoy .
Seriously .
Just let the other stuff build up for a while .
If a supervisor questions this , tell them that you ’re working on higher - priority stuff , which is true – you ’re trying to discover – or rediscover – the aspects of your job that bring about passion and excitement within you .
Hand off some of the burdens .
If you literally feel you have too many tasks to keep up with , talk to your supervisor and suggest that too many tasks are keeping you from providing excellent work on your core responsibilities .
Before you go in , identify some of the tasks that could potentially be moved to other workers .
Compress the periods where you do the things you do n’t like .
Do n’t like email ?
Do it only once a day .
Do n’t like paperwork ?
Do all needed paperwork in one batch once a week .
Do n’t like dealing with others ?
Hang a “ do not disturb ” sign outside your office or cubicle most of the time .
Likely , you have to do at least some of the tasks you do n’t enjoy , so compress them .
If there are strong interpersonal issues and you work in a large organization , request a transfer to another area .
This will usually be accommodated if you have a good work history .
Look for other positions in other areas in the organization where you might be able to be productive and feel comfortable .
If the situation is truly untenable , work on preparing your resume to move on .
Do n’t sit around feeling miserable .
If changes like these are n’t fixing the situation , it ’s time to make a serious change .
Sharpen up your resume and start applying for work elsewhere .
Remember , a job that makes your entire life miserable is not worth it , no matter what .
If a job is really making your entire life painful , it ’s well worth it to walk out the door and find something else .
The Interactive Fiction Database is an IF game catalog and recommendation engine .
IFDB is a Wiki - style community project : members can add new game listings , write reviews , exchange game recommendations , and more .
Tips & More Info
RSS Feed New on IFDB
September 29 , 2020
" ( my rating is currently not included in the game 's average ) I just completed this free demo .
I am not sure , but I think I used about 1.5 ... " -
See full review Denk reviews Tristam Island : " Review of demo ( hopefully the full game soon ) "
created September 29 , 2020
All IntroComp entrants must submit an excerpt of a new , never before seen work of interactive fiction that is not yet complete .
A new competition page : IntroComp 2020
September 29 , 2020
The ageless city of Tonciven is built on a foundation of cruelty , bloodshed , and exploitation .
Many inhabitants of today 's bustling city are unaware that relics from its dark past lie beneath the busy ...
A new listing for Tonciven , by Donald Conrad and Peter M.J. Gross
September 29 , 2020
" This game only takes 10 - 15 to playthrough once , and I recommend you play through it multiple times .
It is useful in getting a new player ... " -
See full review RadioactiveCrow reviews 9:05 : " Fun little game to get you acclimated to IF "
September 28 , 2020
" Loved this !
The relationship between the brothers is beautifully textured and well - drawn , the approach to magic feels interesting and ... " -
See full review JoshLabelle reviews Swan Hill : " You 're never more than a click away from a string of wonderful sentences . "
September 28 , 2020
Maybe the ninth Singapore Sling was n't such a good idea .
All you can remember after downing the sweet concoction is promising your newfound friends that you 'd write each and every one of them the minute you ...
A new listing for I Never Promised You A Nose Guard , by Rob Noyes
See the full list ...
IFDB Recommends ...
Points : 1 points ( 3 votes )
by enoughnow on November 4th , 2007 , 6:36 pm # 60854
This is absolute lunacy .
This completely infuriates me this is a stone cold example of police getting away with MURDER !
There is nothing that gave this guy the right to kill this young man .
Every one can speculate about whether he made it aware that he was an officer or whether or not he used the right amount of force .
or whether he was wrong because he was a cop !
Which I might add there is a reason for that , think about it .
This is the least of the corruption and insanity exercised by law enforcement every day .
Start thinking for yourself people and for future generations to come , stop beliving the lies .
Cops are not heros !
and in this case ARE murderers .
What would the case be if it was the other way around and the 25 year old had shot and killed the officer due to " fear for his life " or whatever lame excuse they come up with to cover this hotheaded officers reputation .
And yes that is probably all that is on the line for him not murder charges .
Does 'nt this scare the hell out of anyone but me ?
We have a very serious problem here !
our " justice " system as a whole is completly overcome with corruption .
I wonder if the jefferson county d.a. that presides over this case is going to be anything similar to the jefferson county d.a. caught red handed with the laptop full of corruption , and subsequently committed suicide to prevent being processed by the same system that he helped corrupt .
Think about it he would rather have died than be subject to his own system of " justice "
And honestly I dont blame him because it is in fact a very predatory , opportunisic , injust , system
That I myself unfortunatly have been subject to in jefferson county none the less and I will tell you first hand there is nothing right and just about it in its entirety .
Many good people are going down the tubes behind all of our backs .
And no one is doing anything about it .
If you dont believe me just wait and see , of course at that point it will probably be too late if it is not already .
Please tell me am I the only one who feels this way , Or realizes the evil that is upon us .
And by us i mean everyone suffers from this growing problem .
Not just here but everywhere !
When will the fbi or someone step in and correct this !
Our country is supposed to be one with the people over thier government it it like this today ?
Every voice counts !
I am pleased to see however that the media is exposing this .
Is this deputy reponsible for killing this kid for instigating the whole incidence for taking a promising future away from a young man and his family .
Absolutely
LOS ANGELES , July 24 — Although bald eagle on the menu would seem unthinkable in the United States , in Australia the formerly endangered kangaroo is commonly found as barbecued kebabs or stir fried with vegetables .
When the California Supreme Court on Monday effectively banned the sale of kangaroo leather soccer shoes in deciding a lawsuit , Australians here asked why .
“ Kangaroos are like rabbits in Australia , ” said Kalee StClair , who is from Sydney and has lived here for more than four years .
“ They ’re not protected at all , and it ’s actually encouraged to kill them .
“ I guess they are really cute .
And California is a sucker for a cute animal .
Look at how people dress their dogs here . ”
Ohio Democrat Robin Weirauch is in a tight battle with a slimy GOPer named Bob Latta , who put out the above attack ad against her .
Republicans are desperate to win this seat and are pumping money into this race .
With just 24 hours left for Robin to use contributions to purchase advertising , she needs our help now .
Please go to her Act Blue page and do what you can .
More from Daily Kos :
100 % found this document useful ( 10 votes )
100 % ( 10 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 10 votes )
Twilight of the Superheroes - Alan Moore
Alan Moore 's proposal for a 1987 crossover event for DC Comics .
Save Save Twilight of the Superheroes - Alan Moore For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
IN a commercial for Trojan condoms that has its premiere tonight , women in a bar are surrounded by anthropomorphized , cellphone - toting pigs .
One shuffles to the men ’s room , where , after procuring a condom from a vending machine , he is transformed into a head - turner in his 20s .
When he returns to the bar , a fetching blond who had been indifferent now smiles at him invitingly .
Directed by Phil Joanou ( “ State of Grace ” ) , with special effects by the Stan Winston Studio ( “ Jurassic Park ” ) , the commercial is entertaining .
But it also has a message , spelled out at the end : “ Evolve .
Use a condom every time . ”
“ We have to change the perception that carrying a condom for women or men is a sign they ’re on the prowl and just want to have sex , ” said Linda Kaplan Thaler , chief executive of the Kaplan Thaler Group , the New York advertising agency that created the “ Evolve ” campaign .
“ It ’s a sign of somebody being prepared — if the opportunity arises — to think about their own health and the health and safety of their partner . ”
But the pigs did not fly at two of the four networks where Trojan tried to place the ad .
Fox and CBS both rejected the commercial .
Both had accepted Trojan ’s previous campaign , which urged condom use because of the possibility that a partner might be H.I.V.- positive , perhaps unknowingly .
A 2001 report about condom advertising by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation found that , “ Some networks draw a strong line between messages about disease prevention — which may be allowed — and those about pregnancy prevention , which may be considered controversial for religious and moral reasons . ”
3.2
Holmen1 ( 10129 ) - Stavanger , NORWAY - SEP 29 , 2020
UPDATED : SEP 29 , 2020 Tilbake i trygge omgivelser hvor vi kan pleie våre selvpåførte diagnoser , Mi2 på Cardinal , med andre ord !
Siste samling med skibsrederen til stede før han setter kursen mot Kristiansund .
Heldigvis ble det en kveld med mange gode øl , og noks å uvanlig var det kun flaskeøl denne gangen .
Vi startet med to fra Schenkerla , og dette var den andre : klar rødlig kobber med fint skum som varer helt ned .
Tydelig preg av røykmalt , dog uten at det blir overveldende , den gode maltkroppen sørger for balanse .
Mange fornøyde fjes , tydeligvis liebhabere av stilen , men jeg opplevde at en småsur følelse ble hengende igjen i ganen .
3.2
tryeverything ( 46 ) - - SEP 23 , 2020
UPDATED : SEP 23 , 2020 Very unique , tastes like a campfire .
Amber bock in color .
Excellent carbonation balance .
Malt and hops well balanced .
Would definitely buy again
3.5
Samuel214 ( 3729 ) - Örebro , SWEDEN - SEP 20 , 2020
UPDATED : SEP 20 , 2020 Flaska från SB .
Rubinröd / brun med smutsvit krona .
Rökigt , läder , hårt rostade toner , aska , längre bak mer maltsötma .
4.1
FoamForever20 ( 555 ) - STAVANGER , NORWAY - SEP 14 , 2020
UPDATED : SEP 14 , 2020 Black , good white head .
Smoke aroma , good solid malt base , unami amd good hop balance
3
FlightLees22 ( 1404 ) - Groningen , NETHERLANDS - SEP 5 , 2020
UPDATED : SEP 8 , 2020 Bruin bier met een stevige schuimkraag .
Heeft iets moois karamel / graan achtig .
Daarnaast ene mooi rokerig aroma en iets mooi bloemigs .
Heeft in de verte ook iets van eiken en hout .
4
koorchuck ( 2208 ) - Nacpolsk , POLAND - AUG 28 , 2020
UPDATED : AUG 28 , 2020 Barwa bursztynowa , klarowne .
Piana średnia , trwała , oblepia szkło .
W aromacie oczywiście wędzonka w typie szynki , wędlin , do tego słód , nieco melanoidyn .
W smaku również wyraźnie wędzone , słodowo - biszkoptowe , wyczuwam też śliwkę .
Ciała wcale nie ma dużo , można nawet powiedzieć , że jest dość wytrawne , co mnie trochę zaskoczyło .
Długi , wędzony , bardziej ogniskowy , niż szynkowy finisz , goryczka niska .
Świetne piwo .
4.2
PlasticSoul ( 175 ) - TURKEY - AUG 27 , 2020
UPDATED : AUG 27 , 2020 50 cl. bottle .
Dark brown with a beige head .
Aroma is beautiful , beautiful smoke , and ham .
Notes of wood and some caramel as well .
Wow .
The taste !
I 'm not a fan of rauchbier , but this one is almost orgasmic .
Smoked pork - a puttana !
However , it becomes tiring after some time -- a smaller bottle might be a better idea .
It 's moderately sweet with a slight bitterness on the backend .
Body is medium , texture is oily - to - creamy with a little bit of stickiness .
It also feels like my nose is smoking , very pleasant !
Smoky finish .
And I 'm listening to some Smokey Robinson , right now .
Great !
4
Aggiebob ( 2854 ) - Huntsville , Alabama , USA - AUG 27 , 2020
UPDATED : AUG 29 , 2020 Black pour with an off - white head that leave light lacing .
Smoky aroma is fallowed by roasted malt and smoked meaty bbq flavor notes .
It is slightly thick on the tongue .
If you love smokiness this is one for you .
Very good .
4.3
PintjeFritz ( 712 ) - GERMANY - AUG 27 , 2020
UPDATED : AUG 27 , 2020 Drank on restaurant Schlenkerla in Bamberg from tap , black beer with light dark white long stable head , smell is smoke and this is dominated all time here , taste is also smoke , palatable , average carbonation , not sweet and not bitter , good balanced beer , medium body and texture , absolut not watery , malts are dominated , not hoppy , average carbonation ,
3.9
MarcinG ( 2424 ) - Cheshire , ENGLAND - AUG 18 , 2020
Vince Manze , president of program planning , scheduling and strategy at NBC , said the volume of reality on the schedule next year would be greater than usual .
“ Certainly some of it is strike - related , ” Mr. Manze said .
“ But part of it is not .
We always put reality on in the first quarter , ” when shows like “ Heroes ” go on a brief hiatus , although he acknowledged that the volume of reality on the schedule for early next year was greater than usual .
Among the new reality offerings is “ Oprah ’s Big Give , ” a contest on ABC sponsored by Oprah Winfrey to see who can give away large sums of money to society ’s greatest benefit .
ABC has long planned to have the series premiere in early 2008 , but its potential effect on the network ’s ratings is now more important than ever , given that the network ’s most successful shows will be appearing in reruns .
Image Mark Walberg will be the host of  The Moment of Truth on Fox , a reality show that is set to premiere in January .
Credit ... Joe Viles / Fox
At the other end of the spectrum is “ American Gladiators ” on NBC , a revival of a late - 1980s competition that pits contestants against professional athletes in feats of strength , and “ When Women Rule the World , ” a Fox series that features male contestants trying to survive in an environment ruled by women .
Not all of the comedies and dramas in prime time will be repeats .
Some returning series have long been scheduled to resume their run after the first of the year , including “ Lost ” on ABC and “ Medium ” on NBC .
Some new series also had been set for premieres in January , including “ Eli Stone ” on ABC and “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ” on Fox .
In addition , some continuing series have one or more individual episodes remaining , including most of the police dramas on CBS .
The deluge of new reality programming has become necessary because , in the weeks since the members of the Writers Guild of America stopped working on Nov. 5 , nearly all comedy and drama series have shut down production for lack of new scripts .
The writers are seeking a deal that will give them a share of the profits derived from the use of their material on the Internet and in other electronic media .
Download and Install Bazaar
Please select your platform from the list below or install from source .
If you have trouble with installation , please ask on #bzr in irc.freenode .
net or consult the mailing list .
( Your first list post will be held for moderation and then all others will go through automatically . )
The log of all changes made in each release is in the release notes , and an overview of history is available on Launchpad .
After installing Bazaar , you may wish to install extras .
What a difference a week makes .
Just last Wednesday , Bush was at the Heritage Foundation extolling the virtues of freedom and liberty :
We are standing with those who yearn for the liberty — who yearn for liberty in the Middle East , because we understand that the desire for freedom is universal , written by the Almighty into the hearts of every man , woman and child on this Earth .
( Applause . )
We are standing with those who yearn for liberty in the Middle East , because we know that the terrorists fear freedom even more than they fear our firepower .
They know that given a choice , no one will choose to live under their dark ideology of violence and death .
We ’re standing with those who yearn for liberty in the Middle East , because we know that when free societies take root in that part of the world , they will yield the peace we all desire .
See , the only way the terrorists can recruit operatives and suicide bombers is by feeding on the hopelessness of societies mired in despair .
And by bringing freedom to these societies , we replace hatred with hope , and this will help us to marginalize the extremists and eliminate the conditions that feed radicalism , and make the American people more secure .
This week , Bush ’s ally in Pakistan , the dictator Musharraf , has imposed martial law .
He is brutally attacking protesters who are fighting for democracy :
The Musharraf government ’s resolve to silence its fiercest opponents was evident in the strength of the crackdown by baton - wielding police officers who pummeled lawyers and then hauled them by the legs and arms into police wagons in Lahore .
At one point , lawyers and police officers clashed in a pitched battle , with lawyers standing on the roof of the High Court throwing stones at the police below , and the police hurling them back .
Some of the lawyers were bleeding from the head , and some passed out in clouds of tear gas .
But as Mark Mazzetti at the NY Times points out , Bush is n’t defending democracy or those who “ yearn for liberty ” in Pakistan :
President Bush on Monday urged Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani president , to hold elections and give up his army post “ as soon as possible , ” but gave no indication that the general ’s imposition of emergency rule would bring about any significant change in American policy .
If you ’re a dictator that Bush likes , you can impose martial law and beat protesters .
If he does n’t like you , he invades .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ in charity , ” Francis Bacon wrote , “ there is no excess . ”
But then Bacon never saw Extreme Makeover : Home Edition , which since 2003 has been meting out garish and super - sized acts of charity — each more skillfully choreographed and excessive than the last — every Sunday night on abc .
Each week , the reality show ’s “ design team , ” led by cloying carpenter Ty Pennington , parks its tour bus at the dilapidated doorstep of a deserving , downtrodden family and unleashes a whopping assault of good will .
After hugging the family , Pennington commiserates in his hushed tone of surferesque sincerity ( he often talks to people as if they are crying , even if they have n’t yet started ) and then offers hope .
“ Here ’s the good news , ” he tells a single mother in Mississippi whose three children have learned to defecate in plastic bags because they have no plumbing .
“ We ’re here now , and things are going to get better . ”
Typically , at this point the family is whisked off to Disney World and the design team begins demolishing its house and building a better one — fully landscaped and prominently decorated with brand - name appliances and furnishings supplied by Sears , Home Depot , and the show ’s other sponsors — in one week .
The family returns to a crowd of neighbors , volunteer builders , and well - wishers chanting “ Move that bus ! ” before the team ’s motor coach peels away from the curb , revealing the new home .
Just like that , Makeover plucks poor or working - class people from their misfortunes and not only gives them a new Owens Corning roof over their heads , but — the implication is — newfound stability and comfort .
Often the family also gets a new car , computers , or college scholarships for the kids .
These changes can be profound .
That Mississippi mom , reeling beside her new Ford Edge suv while Pennington shouts , “ It looks great , it ’s fun to drive , and best of all it ’s all yours ! ” mentions that she ’s never owned a new car before .
Suddenly we grasp the life - changing enormity of just giving her a reliable vehicle .
But wait — here are an iPod , modern art , bicycles , a karaoke machine , Panasonic flat - screen TVs , a collection of African percussion for her son , and a spacious new storefront for her fledgling business .
Plus , gospel singer CeCe Winans has turned up to raise the family a nest egg !
We are increasingly tuning in to this brand of life - affirming transformation , whether it ’s
Ty and the gang framing up a starter mansion , Madonna whisking children out of Malawi and into the tabloids , Oprah opening a school for impoverished South African girls , or Michael Moore — spouting the kind of schmaltzy platitudes Pennington has perfected — delivering sick and forgotten 9/11 rescue workers to the handsome Cuban doctors who will treat them for free .
These are feel - good narratives , meticulously polished to make us feel good about ourselves , too .
With each cathartic conclusion , it ’s easy to believe that we are contributing to the healing when in fact we are just watching TV .
Moreover , the ideal of domesticity into which Makeover deposits its families — the outsized house , the stainless - steel appliances and items from the Sears “ Ty Pennington Style ” collection — feeds our love of consumption and luxury ; nobody tunes in to watch Habitat for Humanity build multiple modest houses .
Frankly , the whole package is irresistible .
More than once , I have caught myself mouthing “ Move that bus ! ” along with the crowd .
And yet even as I am moved by such acts of kindness , I also feel an uncontrollable urge to cut them down .
Makeover is schlock .
But as reality TV increasingly concocts its schlock out of actual hardship and actual kindness , deriding it can open some unsettling moral terrain .
I felt a certain smugness , for example , watching American Idol ‘s “ Idol Gives Back ” fundraising special last April .
There was Ryan Seacrest , fresh from handing out meals to aids orphans in Kenya , clutching a child and urging him to just “ let it out . ”
And there I was : sitting on my couch , eating a tremendous burrito , scoffing at the man who had traveled across the globe to feed orphans .
Clearly , something was wrong .
I have never fed aids orphans .
I have never built anyone a house .
By these measures , I do n’t stack up very well at all against Ty Pennington and his cadre of extreme prime - time altruists .
I feel only slightly less conflicted about mocking Makeover knowing that it ca n’t always deliver the fairy - tale endings it suggests .
Several newspaper reports have exposed how some Makeover families wind up unprepared for their new , exponentially higher utility bills and property taxes .
A blind New Jersey man with three disabled children and a $ 14,000 tax bill on his new abode told one paper , “ With all the taxes , it ’s like we ’re on a chopping block . ”
Meanwhile , five siblings featured on an Easter Sunday 2005 episode recently sued their adoptive parents for driving them out of the nine - bedroom , six - bathroom house built for them .
They also sued the show for rebroadcasting their episode knowing that its ending had soured .
The kids ’ attorney happily revealed to the Los Angeles Times that the show ’s touching “ door knock ” scene , in which the design team first arrived at the house and dispensed hugs , took seven takes to shoot .
Even infrequent viewers will notice how the show has tightened its stranglehold on our consciences by gradually inflating its misery quotient .
While the first season featured a couple that needed a larger home for its ( surprise ! ) triplets , only two seasons later we were deep into a gallery of woe : twins with leukemia , the mother of a little girl who wandered off to catch fireflies and disappeared forever .
In a memo acquired by the Smoking Gun website , a producer asks the show ’s casting agents to look for a kid with “ congenital insensitivity to pain ” : “ There are 17 known cases in US , let me know if one is in your town ! ”
It ’s easy to resent Makeover for the ways it simultaneously helps and exploits its beneficiaries .
But when it comes down to it , I resent Makeover because it exploits me .
I can feel it bullying me for my compassion , extracting it with a ham - fisted conspiracy of narration , editing , and musical accompaniment .
What ultimately offends me about Makeover is that it takes humanity and turns it into bad art .
It ’s an affront to my aesthetics more than my morals .
There ’s some solace , perhaps , in knowing that kindness is popular enough to be shamelessly commodified — that charity sells .
And that thankfully , not everyone who comes into contact with the show is distracted by its wretched artifice .
“ I really think a community could do this without the cameras , without Hollywood , ” a Missouri woman told a local paper after Makeover wrapped an episode in her town .
After all , all of the labor on the show is volunteer .
And while few community groups could get the truckloads of lavish furnishings
Makeover does without the kickback of prime - time exposure , not everyone needs cameras trained on them in order to act selflessly .
Was n’t it stirring to see so many people racing down to the Gulf Coast to contribute plywood , sweat , and compassion after Hurricane Katrina ?
Witnessing the efforts of volunteers in her hometown of Pass Christian , Mississippi , Good Morning America ‘s Robin Roberts felt compelled to remind viewers , “ This is not Extreme Makeover : Home Edition .
This is true reality TV . ”
But even “ true reality TV ” demands that no act of genuine altruism be left unhyped .
And so Roberts signaled for a humongous banner to be pulled away , revealing the progress made on rebuilding one woman ’s home .
But there was more .
“ CeCe Winans is going to sing for us , ” Roberts smiled .
“ She ’s gonna lift our spirits with song ! ”
By the year 2050 , nearly 80 % of the earth 's population will reside in urban centers .
Applying the most conservative estimates to current demographic trends , the human population will increase by about 3 billion people during the interim .
An estimated 109 hectares of new land ( about 20 % more land than is represented by the country of Brazil ) will be needed to grow enough food to feed them , if traditional farming practices continue as they are practiced today .
At present , throughout the world , over 80 % of the land that is suitable for raising crops is in use ( sources : FAO and NASA ) .
If only a portion of a high - rise was dedicated to hydroponic and aeroponic agriculture , the building would be able to process its waste water - as well as waste water from elsewhere on the utility grid - using it to water the plants AND to reuse as drinking water .
Here ’s how :
The grey water extracted from sewage would be subjected to biological and mechanical filtration , then it would be used to water the plants .
The plants , in turn , would transpirate heavily in the indoor environment , and dehumidifiers would harvest this water - this transpirated water would be pristine drinking water , able to be pumped back upstairs or into the utility grid for reuse .
This concept of using transpiration from plants in a commercial high - rise agricultural operation to provide the last mile of grey water purification in the urban environment is revolutionary .
Along with the surprisingly low , and dropping , cost of desalination , and advances being made in primary sewage treatment , this innovation could SOLVE the issues of potential water scarcity in the urban environment .
Year - round crop production ; 1 indoor acre is equivalent to 4 - 6 outdoor acres or more , depending upon the crop ( e.g. , strawberries : 1 indoor acre = 30 outdoor acres )
No weather - related crop failures due to droughts , floods , pests
All VF food is grown organically : no herbicides , pesticides , or fertilizers
VF virtually eliminates agricultural runoff by recycling black water
VF returns farmland to nature , restoring ecosystem functions and services
VF greatly reduces the incidence of many infectious diseases that are acquired at the agricultural interface
VF converts black and gray water into potable water by collecting the water of transpiration
VF adds energy back to the grid via methane generation from composting non-edible parts of plants and animals
VF dramatically reduces fossil fuel use ( no tractors , plows , shipping . )
VF converts abandoned urban properties into food production centers
VF creates sustainable environments for urban centers
VF creates new employment opportunities
We cannot go to the moon , Mars , or beyond without first learning to farm indoors on Earth
By building " high - rise farms " we solve the problem of the shortage of agricultural land -- AND -- by building these farms inside urban areas and just outside the urban perimeter , transportation costs of bringing crops to market are slashed appreciably .
The food will be fresher as well .
But there are even more advantages to " vertical farming " than these three .
Aeroponic farming methods may hold the greatest promise for liberating farming from rural countryside .
Aeroponic farming can be quite economical as the economies of scale and innovation come into play .
Finally , vertical urban farming frees up more land for recreation , animal reserves , and biofuel cultivation .
Thanks to EcoWorld
Labels : agriculture , food production , high rise farming
I had a good Christmas myself , and while writing that last little obligatory “ how was yours ” post , I was reminded of a little flak I tend to get annually around this time of year .
Near without fail , someone ends up asking me how in the world I can celebrate Christmas .
I do n’t believe in the religious end of it , so how can I feel fine about celebrating the day of the savior ’s birth ?
Such things usually come in two forms .
The first is the angry Christian who thinks I have no right or I ’m hypocritical by observing the holiday when I do n’t worship the guy it was named after .
The other is the bullheaded nonbeliever who refuses on principle to do anything with a religious theme to it and thinks I ’m betraying myself .
I ’ll start with the first .
Anyone making the “ you do n’t worship Christ so you ca n’t celebrate Christmas ” is making two assumptions : that Christmas is inherently Christian and that its celebration today is the same .
Both are completely wrong .
A history lesson is in order .
Very little that we think of as “ Christmas ” really has any Biblical roots .
I ’m sure people are saying “ how can that be ?
It ’s CHRISTmas !
We ’re celebrating Jesus ’ birth ! ”
Well yes , that ’s the ostensible reason for the holiday , but even accepting the event in question there ’s a whole lot more to it .
Consider the date , December 25th .
When I was younger and in school I thought it was so strange that Christmas just happened to be within a few days of the winter solstice .
Well would n’t you know , it turns out that ’s not a coincidence at all .
Even religious experts agree that Jesus was n’t really born on the 25th , and posit that the date was chosen also because of a Roman holiday called “ Saturnalia ” .
The church probably began to celebrate the birth of Christ when they did in order to replace pagan holidays with Christian ones .
Beginning with the emperor Constantine , who converted to Christianity , there was a decided movement in this direction .
So right off the bat , the date has more to do with assimilating the pagans than commemorating the date of Christ ’s birth .
The same happened with Easter , which just happens to be right around the vernal equinox .
Now the writer on Beliefnet states that the solstice is on the 21st , but the date can be anywhere between the 20th and the 23rd , and it ’s unlikely ancient pagans could have been that accurate .
Anyway , let ’s keep going .
You know what that winter solstice celebration was called ?
That ’s right , Yule .
You can read up on Yule either here or on the Wikipedia article .
A few of those traditions should sound familiar , such as the tree , log , and the mistletoe .
Hey , that tree .
You know the Christmas tree pre-dates Christmas because it was referred to directly in the book of Jeremiah 10: 2 - 4 , when God condemned the idea as a pagan ritual .
Thus saith the LORD , Learn not the way of the heathen , and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven ; for the heathen are dismayed at them .
For the customs of the people are vain : for one cutteth a tree out of the forest , the work of the hands of the workman , with the axe .
They deck it with silver and with gold ; they fasten it with nails and with hammers , that it move not .
So far none of the traditions are , strictly speaking , Christian , and at least the tree business was almost directly condemned by Old Testament God .
By the way , celebrating the day at all is n’t described in the Bible .
The Bible spends a lot of time talking about what to celebrate and how to celebrate it .
Exodus in particular is fond of discussing tabernacles and candle formations .
Even the Ten Commandments point out the Sabbath to be observed .
Nowhere , however , is there any discussion about celebrating Christmas .
As a result , many early Christians were against celebrating it ( aside from the fact that for a while they had no set date ) .
You can understand why , of course .
It goes against the idea of the humble origin idea when there ’s a giant hullabaloo and everyone takes a day off of work .
There ’s also a strange irony in that Christians today celebrate a day that is n’t commanded and ignore observing the one that is .
So really , Christmas is just Yule with Jesus thrown on top of it .
Bill O’Reilly ’s statement some years back that without Christmas businesses would be sunk is then exposed as ignorant , since without it we ’d still be all about the solstice .
What about the second ?
According to that logic , even accepting the above , it ’s still seen as Christian today and thus I should steer clear .
That argument ’s easy enough to toss out considering how many Christmas decorations can be put up and carols sung without making a single reference to Jesus .
Toss up a tree and some stockings and listen to Deck the Halls .
No problem .
However , there is a nugget of truth to the idea that everyone sees Christmas as , at its core , all about Jesus .
Bart Simpson famously said that Christmas is the day when people of all religions come together and worship Jesus Christ .
That said , I ’m a believer in the idea that whether you do something or avoid something based on others ’ actions , you ’re letting someone else live your life .
Even if others believe it ’s Christian period , I do n’t .
Some have also suggested to me that they dislike the commercial aspect to it .
Recently a friend sniffed at me that he loves his family every day , why buy into the Hallmark and Wal - Mart empire for no good reason ?
Simply put , the giving and getting is fantastic no matter who you are .
I spent easily $ 500 on friends and family this year and the looks on their faces when opening a gift always puts me in a good mood .
Plus , hey , everyone likes free stuff .
Not only that , but no matter how much one might protest , no one lives every day with “ I love my family so much ” in mind .
We do n’t have big family dinners every day and we certainly do n’t spend that much quality time with them .
This is especially true if your family is separated by a lot of geography .
Christmas gives me a great opportunity to show everyone what they mean to me .
Forgive the sappiness on that last part , I ’m an old softy at times , I know .
My point is that Christmas is my favorite time of the year , and not just because it means I get a free gift card to Best Buy or an Xbox 360 game I ’ve had my eye on .
It ’s because of the general atmosphere of the season , and no matter what anyone claims , the vast bulk of what we call “ Christmas ” has nothing to do with the figure it ’s supposed to be based on .
So no , I have no compunctions with both celebrating and wishing others a Merry Christmas , and neither should you .
# 820509 +( 1440 ) - [ X ] <+ JimBastard > you wouldnt believe what just happened
<+ JimBastard > i've been tracking my macbook all day on fedex , gets signed for by " One CHILETA " at 3 pm ... while im at work
<+ JimBastard > turns it was misdelivered .... TO THE MARCY PROJECTS IN BROOKLYN
<+ JimBastard > A BRAND NEW LAPTOP
<+ JimBastard > so what did jim bastard do ?
<+ JimBastard >
I put on a button up shirt , black leather jacket , kakhis , and a dress shoes
<+ JimBastard > went to the address
<+ JimBastard > and pretended i was a detective
<+ JimBastard > laptop is sitting on their desk
<+ JimBastard > " Maam I 'm here about a misdelievered package "
<+ JimBastard >
" We know its here "
<+ JimBastard >
" We just want it back , or else I 'm going to have to come back with a warrant "
<+ JimBastard > " and no one wants that "
<+ JimBastard > never underestimate the power of a well dressed well spoken white man in the hood
<+ JimBastard > the guy took one look at me as he was walking towards the door .... turned around and came back with the package
We 're glad you 've found this blog !
Come back frequently to see what is happening in the world 's one and only City of Lights .
This blog is about the beautiful city of Paris and everything linked to it .
Feel free to leave a comment , speak your mind , or tell us what you would like to see or know .
Feel free to contact us
The wounding took place at Glynneath 's rugby ground
Rhys Garfield , 23 , of Pontycymmer , was playing for his village team when he stamped on Gareth Howells , who was playing for the home side , Glynneath .
The promising No 8 caused a 10 cm wound which needed 30 stitches .
The judge said it was " wholly unacceptable behaviour " on a rugby field .
Garfield had been found guilty by a jury of unlawful wounding last month .
The court heard the game took place on 10 December 2005 .
Cut short
Early in the match , Garfield had been seen to stamp on Mr Howells ' head following a line - out .
In mitigation , Andrew Davies , defending , said the incident was out of character and Garfield had shown genuine remorse .
" Rhys Garfield is a young man of considerable ability .
He 's a talented sportsman who had attracted the attention of regional rugby teams . "
Gareth Howells needed 30 stitches in a head wound
He said following the incident Garfield 's own career had been cut short while he bravely saved a fellow employee during an accident at work .
Mr Davies asked the judge to consider a suspended sentence as Garfield had " otherwise had a blameless and dedicated young life . "
He described Mr Howells ' permanent injuries as " cosmetic " and said that he had returned to playing the game .
But the judge Recorder Gareth Jones said only a custodial sentence was appropriate .
He told Garfield his conduct on the rugby field was " wholly unacceptable . "
After the trial last month Mr Howells explained his decision to press charges .
" I did not want the same thing to happen to another player , and the verdict goes to show you cannot get away with that sort of thing , " he said .
He added : " I have had plenty of knocks during that time , but this was something else .
" I know people can overstep the line in rugby and become aggressive , but this was beyond that .
I did not want this person to get away with that . "
The Welsh Rugby Union said there was no place for violence in the game .
" If any individual breaks the law , on or off the sports pitch , clearly , if that case is proven , all the penalties available to the court including imprisonment may be imposed , " said a spokesman .
A paper in the British Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery reports on a remarkable case of a man who tried to commit suicide with a crossbow and shot an arrow through his neck into his brain .
Thankfully he survived with seemingly little long - term impairment .
The arrow missed all major blood vessels and did not seem to seriously damage any crucial brain areas , although the gentleman lost some sight due to severing part of the optic nerve .
The case report reads :
A 25 - year - old man , presented to the accident and emergency department , after having fired an 18 - inch arrow with a metal point from a crossbow just beneath his chin in an attempt to kill himself .
He was known to be addicted to cocaine , was depressed , and had been feeling low for several months .
He had tried to explain his state of mind to his girlfriend , and a month later he attempted suicide .
The entry point of the arrow was apparent through the anterior part of the neck , and close to the midline .
There was no active bleeding .
The arrow crossed the mouth and had passed behind the soft palate , which resulted in mechanical trismus and therefore a potentially difficult intubation .
Nasotracheal fibreoptic intubation [ camera through the nose ] was eventually completed .
With the patient anaesthetised , plain radiographs and computed tomograms ( CT ) were taken urgently ; these showed that the arrow had passed up through the brain , and the tip was protruding through a comminuted fracture of the skull vault .
In view of the location , and to assess soft tissue damage further , a magnetic resonance cerebral angiogram was taken , which showed the anatomy clearly , in particular no vascular injury .
The patient was therefore transferred to the nearest neurosurgical centre for definitive treatment .
Under general anaesthesia and together with the maxillofacial surgeons , the arrow was withdrawn gently along the precise path of its insertion .
This was followed by profuse bleeding from behind the soft palate and base of skull , which had been anticipated and was controlled by a post - nasal pack .
No further intervention proved necessary .
His recovery was uneventful , but he lost the sight in his right eye as a result of damage to the right optic nerve .
No other neurological deficit was documented .
The patient was given psychiatric care for several months for further management of his depression , which had been the cause of his attempted suicide .
Fans caught when NFL , Big Ten networks lock horns with cable operators
Welcome to Season 2 of the NFL Network , whose first two games should be wonderful showcases for the league 's reigning champion ( Colts at Falcons on Thursday night ) and two of its most storied franchises ( Packers at Cowboys next Thursday night ) .
Colts fans hoping to watch Peyton Manning and his Indianapolis teammates Thanksgiving night will have to find an alternative if they do n't get the NFL Network on their basic cable systems .
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Table of Contents
JSON is a text file format similar to XML , but less verbose .
It has been called " XML lite " .
This article describes JSON Spirit , a C++ library that reads and writes JSON files or streams .
It is written using the Boost Spirit parser generator .
If you are already using Boost , you can use JSON Spirit without any additional dependencies .
Key features :
supports ASCII or Unicode
std ::vector or std:: map implementations for JSON Objects
or implementations for JSON Objects object library or header file only use
The JSON Spirit source code is available as a Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 C++ " solution " .
However , it should compile and work on any platform compatible with Boost .
JSON Spirit has been built and tested with Visual C++ 2005 , 2008 , 2010 , and G++ version 4.2.3 on Linux .
It has been tested with Visual C++ using Boost versions 1.34.0 , 1.37.0 , 1.39.0 , and 1.42.0 .
It has also been tested with STLPort .
Platform independent CMake files are included , kindly supplied by Uwe Arzt , with CPack declarations for packaging and a " make install " target supplied by Amzlkej .
The Visual C++ solution consists of five projects :
The JSON Spirit library and header files
An application running the library 's unit tests
Three small programs demonstrating how to use JSON Spirit
A JSON value can hold either a JSON array , JSON object , string , integer , double , bool , or null .
The interface of the JSON Spirit Value class is shown below .
The Value class for Unicode is analogous ; for details , see the section on Unicode support .
enum Value_type{ obj_type , array_type , str_type , bool_type , int_type , real_type , null_type } ; class Value { public : Value ( ) ; Value ( const char * value ) ; Value ( const std:: string& value ) ; Value ( const Object& value ) ; Value ( const Array& value ) ; Value ( bool value ) ; Value ( int value ) ; Value_impl ( boost : : int64_t value ) ; Value_impl ( boost : : uint64_t value ) ; Value ( double value ) ; bool operator == ( const Value& lhs ) const ; Value_type type ( ) const ; const std::string& get_str ( ) const ; const Object& get_obj ( ) const ; const Array& get_array ( ) const ; bool get_bool ( ) const ; int get_int ( ) const ; boost ::int64_t get_int64 ( ) const ; boost ::uint64_t get_uint64 ( ) const ; double get_real ( ) const ; Object& get_obj ( ) ; Array& get_array ( ) ; template < typename > T get_value ( ) const ; bool is_uint64 ( ) const ; bool is_null ( ) const ; static const Value null ; private : ... } ;
You obtain the Value 's type by calling Value : : type ( ) .
You can then call the appropriate getter function .
Generally , you will know a file 's format , so you will know what type the JSON values should have .
A std::runtime_error exception is thrown if you try to get a value of the wrong type , for example , if you try to extract a string from a value containing an integer .
The template getter function get_value ( ) is an alternative to get_int ( ) , get_real ( ) , etc.
Example usage would be :
int i = value_1.get_value < int >( ) ; double d = value_2.get_value< double >( ) ;
A top level Value read from a file or stream normally contains an Array or an Object .
An Array is a std :: vector of values .
An Object is , by default , a std::vector of JSON pairs .
typedef std::vector< Pair >
Object ; typedef std::vector< Value >
Array ;
A Pair is a structure that holds a std:: string and a Value .
struct Pair { Pair ( const std:: string& name , const Value& value ) ; bool operator == ( const Pair& lhs ) const ; std :: string name_ ; Value value_ ; } ;
JSON Array s and Object s can themselves contain other Array s or Object s , forming a tree .
Note , JSON Spirit provides an alternative std:: map based Object ; see the Map Implementation section below .
In this case , a Pair type is not needed as an mObject is a std : : map of names to values .
typedef std:: map < std::string , mValue > m Object ;
You can read JSON data from a stream or a string :
bool read ( const std:: string& s , Value& value ) ; bool read ( std :: istream& is , Value& value ) ;
For example :
ifstream is ( " json.txt " ) ; Value value ; read ( is , value ) ;
You can also read JSON data by supplying a pair of string iterators .
bool read ( std::string::const_iterator& begin , std:: string::const_iterator end , Value& value ) ;
After a successful read , the iterator " begin " will point one past the last character of the text for the value just read .
This allows the decoding of a string containing multiple top level values .
A subsequent call to read will read the next value in the string .
Similarly the stream reading functions now allow a sequence of top - level values to be read one at a time .
Before version 3.0 , a stream was converted to a string before being parsed .
This was fine for files , but not if , for example , you wanted to read multiple JSON values from a socket .
To output JSON , you first create a Value object containing your data , then write the created Value to a stream or string .
For example , the following code will create a small JSON file containing an object with three members :
Object addr_obj ; addr_obj.push_back( Pair ( " house_number " , 42 ) ) ; addr_obj.push_back( Pair ( " road " , " East Street " ) ) ; addr_obj.push_back( Pair ( " town " , " Newtown " ) ) ; ofstream os ( " address.txt " ) ; write ( addr_obj , os , pretty_print ) ; os.close ( ) ;
The object addr_obj is automatically converted into a Value as it is passed to the write function .
The file address . txt will contain :
{ " house_number " : 42 , " road " : " East Street " , " town " : " Newtown " }
There are two versions of each function , one to write to strings , the other to write to files :
std ::string write ( const Value& value , Output_options options = none , unsigned int precision_of_doubles = 0 ) ; void write ( const Value& value , std :: ostream& os , Output_options options = none , unsigned int precision_of_doubles = 0 ) ;
The options parameter controls how the data is written :
enum Output_options { none = 0 , pretty_print = 0x01 , raw_utf8 = 0x02 , remove_trailing_zeros = 0x04 , single_line_arrays = 0x08 , always_escape_nonascii = 0x10 } ;
The pretty_print option causes white - space and line breaks to be added to the JSON text .
The raw_utf8 option is an extension to the JSON standard .
It disables the escaping of non-printable characters , allowing UTF - 8 sequences held in 8 bit char strings to pass through unaltered .
The remove_trailing_zeros option is really only present for backwards compatibility purposes .
It is no longer needed as trailing spaces are now removed by default .
The only effect it now has is to set the default number of decimal places used for outputting double to 16 instead of the normal default of 17 .
The single_line_arrays option has the same effect as the pretty printing option except that arrays printed on single lines unless they contain composite elements , i.e. objects or arrays .
This produced output like :
{ " 1 " : [ 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ] , " 2 " : [ [ 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ] , [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , [ 0 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ] , [ 0 , 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 ] , [ 0 , 4 , 8 , 12 , 16 ] ] }
The always_escape_nonascii option means that all unicode wide characters are escaped , i.e. outputted as " \uXXXX " , even if they are printable under the current locale , ASCII printable chars are not escaped .
The precision_of_doubles parameter determines the precision used when outputting doubles .
The default is 17 .
You can apply more than one option by using the OR operator , i.e. :
write ( addr_obj , os , pretty_print | raw_utf8 ) ;
The default is to write the JSON text without any white - space and to escape non-printable characters .
There is also a function called write_formatted .
This is equivalent to :
write ( addr_obj , os , pretty_print ) ;
From version 3.00 , JSON Spirit provides functions that report the position of format errors in the text being parsed .
These functions are identical to the normal read functions except that instead of returning false if an error is found , they throw a json_spirit :: Error_position exception .
Note , these functions run about three times slower than the normal read functions .
The Error_position structure holds the line and column number where the first error was found .
struct Error_position { ... unsigned int line_ ; unsigned int column_ ; std:: string reason_ ; } ;
Unicode support is provided by std:: wstring versions of the JSON Spirit Value , Array , Object , and Pair types .
These are called wValue , wArray , wObject , and wPair .
There are also std :: wstring versions of each reader and writer function .
Note that there is no support for reading Unicode files and converting them to wstring s as this is not a task specific to JSON .
The Value and wValue classes are actually instantiations of the template class Value_impl .
Before version 4.00 , the JSON Spirit Object type was a std:: vector of name / value Pair s.
You now have the option of using mObject which is a name / value std: :map .
For the std :: map version , use mValue instead of Value , mObject instead of Object , and mArray instead of Array .
For the Unicode map version , use wmValue , wmObject , and wmArray .
The following table shows the time in seconds it takes on my PC to extract the data from a single object of varying sizes .
The methods used are as per the demo programs .
The vector version is faster until the number of object members reach around 10 , but then gets exponentially slower .
size vector map 2 2.03253e-007 3.24672e-007 5 7.63788e-007 9.59516e-007 10 2.26948e-006 2.00929e-006 15 4.68965e-006 3.28509e-006 20 8.19667e-006 4.75871e-006 30 1.72695e-005 7.64189e-006 50 4.63171e-005 1.39316e-005 75 0.000102418 2.27205e-005 100 0.000179923 3.17732e-005 200 0.000709335 7.3061e-005 500 0.00440368 0.00022076 1000 0.0175385 0.000495554 10000 1.76533 0.00658268 100000 178.718 0.127325 1000000 17800.718 1.99467
Note : with a vector , object members will be written out in the same order they were read in .
A map will sort members alphabetically .
A vector object also allows members to have duplicate names .
This might be useful in some circumstances but would be non-standard .
There is a Stream_reader class to work around a bug that prevents multiple top level values that are not separated by white space from being read from a stream .
The standard stream reading functions would fail in this case .
istringstream is ( " [ 1 ] [ 1,2 ] [ 1,2,3 ] " ) ; Stream_reader < istringstream , Value > reader ( is ) ; Value value ; const bool ok = reader.read_next ( value ) ; reader.read_next ( value ) ; reader.read_next ( value ) ;
I originally thought that this was caused by a bug in the boost .
multi_pass iterator .
However , I now realise that it basically results from the intrinsic behaviour of the std :: istream_iterator constructor in immediately reading a character from its stream .
There are two ways to use the library :
Build and link in the JSON Spirit an object library .
Just include the relevant header files , i.e. , " header only " use .
Linking to the object library has the advantage that the heavily templated code only has to be compiled once .
Compiling the code can take some time .
If you just include the header file implementation , the code will be compiled each time it is included .
The use of precompiled headers should help , but I have not investigated this .
The include files needed to read JSON text using the object library are json_spirit_reader.h and json_spirit_value .h.
To generate JSON text , you need json_spirit_writer.h and json_spirit_value .h.
Alternately , you can include json_spirit.h , which includes all three of the above .
The include files needed when using the header only implementation are json_spirit_reader_template.h and json_spirit_writer_template.h .
All JSON Spirit declarations are in the namespace json_spirit .
As already described , you can choose between four different types of JSON value classes : Value , mValue , wValue and wmValue .
You would normally chose a single type and stick with it , however the compiler will process the templates to generate sets of classes for all four types .
This results in longer than necessary build times and larger intermediate files .
You can disable value types you do n't want by commenting out the relevant lines in json_spirit_value.h below :
#define JSON_SPIRIT_VALUE_ENABLED
#define JSON_SPIRIT_WVALUE_ENABLED
#define JSON_SPIRIT_MVALUE_ENABLED
#define JSON_SPIRIT_WMVALUE_ENABLED
If you intend to use JSON Spirit in more than one thread , you will need to uncomment the following line near the top of json_spirit_reader.cpp .
In this case , Boost Spirit will require you to link against Boost Threads .
An advanced feature introduced in version 4.05 is a constructor in the Value classes for containers .
A container is passed in as an iterator range .
This allows you to create an Array from a container such as an std::vector .
For example , the following code creates and outputs the array " [ 1,2,3 ] " :
std::vector< int > int_vect ; int_vect.push_back( 1 ) ; int_vect.push_back( 2 ) ; int_vect.push_back( 3 ) ; const Value val ( int_vect.begin( ) , int_vect.end ( ) ) ; cout << write ( val ) ;
Any compatible container type can be used .
The following code creates and outputs the array " [ 1.0,2.0,3.0 ] " :
std::list < float > float_list ; double_vect.push_back ( 1 . 0 ) ; double_vect.push_back ( 2 . 0 ) ; double_vect.push_back ( 3 . 0 ) ; const Value val ( double_vect.begin( ) , double_vect.end ( ) ) ; cout << write ( val , remove_trailing_zeros ) ;
Another advanced feature introduced in version 4.05 is a constructor in the Value classes for boost : : variant objects .
Any compatible variant type can be used .
For example :
boost : : variant < int , string , std::vector < bool > > var ; var = 1 ; Value val ( var ) ; cout << write ( val ) << endl ; var = string ( " hello " ) ; val = var ; cout << write ( val ) << endl ; std::vector< bool > bool_vect ; bool_vect.push_back ( true ) ; bool_vect.push_back ( false ) ; bool_vect.push_back ( true ) ; var = bool_vect ; val = var ; cout << write ( val ) << endl ;
Output :
1 " hello " [ true , false , true ]
Nothing in the entire world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity .
Martin Luther King Jr. ( 1929 - 1968 )
Every now and then when some poor country is about to receive some American military attention , the American people are prepared by an intense and unceasing propaganda .
They are bombarded day in and day out by what a threat the leader of that country is to the peace loving , civilized and democratic people of the United States .
Newspapers , TVs , Radios , blogs and anything else that can in anyway convey a message to the people are employed to present this person as the worst of the worst .
I do n’t know if you remember the invasion of Panama in 1989 ; but it was just the same then as it is now .
Manuel Noriega the president of Panama , who incidentally for many years had worked for the CIA ( for Bush Senior ) , was no longer following the orders from Washington .
The US decided to replace him .
Overnight Mr. Noriega became the most evil man on the planet .
He was the dictator and a drug lord that had to be dealt with .
He was made responsible for the entire drug trafficking in the US .
He was made the most dangerous man in the world .
He was the cruellest dictator that ever existed .
In addition we were told that people of Panama deserved “ democracy ” .
After a short while the American people started thinking that if Mr. Noriega was removed then the drug problem in the US would vanish as well .
So on December 1989 twenty seven thousand American soldiers invaded Panama .
However , in order to keep the democratic tradition alive in Panama , a few hours prior to the invasion , US military appointed Mr. Guillermo Endara as the new President of Panama .
The ceremony took place inside a US military base in the Panama Canal Zone .
Well , as you can see the drug problem is still there .
Mr. Noriega turned - out to be nothing but a CIA agent that was n’t following the orders .
After a few months people forgot all about it .
Later it was Saddam Hussein that became the most evil person in the world .
Once again the media started the same old song and dance routine .
The Gulf War ensued and thousands of people were killed .
Now it is Iran ’s turn ; and the Evil de jour is Mr. Ahmadinejad .
He is described as anything from Hitler reincarnate to the most dangerous man on earth .
Never mind that he is not the head of an army , or that he has no real power ; the main thing is that he is EVIL .
Never mind that there are no Iranian troops in Canada or Mexico ; never mind that he does not possess thousands of nuclear missiles ; he is still the most dangerous man alive and we have to do something about him .
It always amazes me to see that people , time and again , fall for the same old song and dance routine .
Do n’t you ever get a sense of déjà vu ?
Ca n’t people see that they are being , so openly , manipulated ?
Apparently not .
The very people who are preparing us for another war are the only ones that are going to benefit from it .
Majority always lose and most likely you and I will be among the losers .
We are the ones who have to pay for it , and believe me we will .
We are already doing it by having to work more just to make ends meet .
But no amount of money can give one that joy of seeing “ our boys ” smashing those evil , backward people , right ?
We may feel great for a while seeing all those smart bombs killing thousands of people , but the feeling of the superiority along with the entertainment that war footage provides will be fleeting .
After a few months of the bloodshed and after a few leaks , one begins to question the wisdom of it all .
But by then most people will have forgotten that they were also one of those that supported the war .
As you shake your head and hope for it all to end soon , you are presented with a surge .
You hope that if more troops are poured - in things will cool down .
But as soon as you begin to realise that this was a bad idea , another EVIL man is identified , and you begin to think that something has to be done about him otherwise the world as we know it will come to an end .
And so things will just continue to deteriorate and before you know it the country is involved in a war that it no longer can extricate itself from .
Meanwhile , all these wars and threats of war are frightening people around the world .
People are asking themselves who is going to be next ?
There is already a joke going around in the Muslim world about this huge bold eagle and the fox .
It goes something like this : once a zebra saw a fox distraught and running wild in the jungle .
The zebra stopped the fox and asked him what was wrong .
The fox answered : you know about the huge eagle do n’t you ?
The zebra answered yes .
The fox said : “ well , she ’s gone crazy .
The eagle says that she has dreamt that there is an animal with three testicles that is going to destroy the jungle ” .
The zebra smiled and said : “ well none of us has three testicles , so why are you running ? ”
The fox said : “ because the eagle first pulls out the testicles and then she counts them . ”
After hearing this , the zebra started running as well .
Well one might find this joke funny , but it depicts the feeling of the people other than the US and its allies .
Fear breeds hatred and hatred leads to war .
It is always easy to start a war , but extremely difficult to end one .
As the journalists go around and pat themselves on the shoulder for coming - up with the best “ evil ... ” title of the day , they should realise that they are unwittingly paving the road to another war .
Copyright : Abbas Bakhtiar , all rights reserved .
by
That ’s right its been proven over at moz.com that over
50 % of first page listings have HTTPS
Further proof as to why our new Google Site Generator
sites rank so well right ouf of the box .
So what that means is webmasters are very slow on the uptake
of HTTPS why ?
its not so easy and expensive , especially compared
to the price of a domain .
I know long term very successful
online marketers who do n’t even know how to get HTTPS
setup on their own domains ,
So how could local business owners stand a chance ?
They would n’t even know what HTTPS is etc .
This is WHY the Google sites generated by my NEW
Google Site Generator works so well right out
of the box , sites.google.com is obviously HTTPS
We ’ve just released my new Google Site Generator
Software in Beta .
You can create an unlimited
about of laser targeted Google sites , especially
great for local SEO
You can dominate entire regions easily using our
software .
Our next update coming shortly enables you to
edit the default template used to be able
to impliment any design you like .
We use the “ Classic ” Sites when creating sites
which enables you to even use Iframes 🙂
YOu can put tracking on these templates
so you can see which of your sites is gaining
the most traffic at a glance .
You can beta test this software here
https://petestrafficsuite.com/showthread.php?24-Pete-s-Beta-Google-Site-Generator-Software-is-LIVE-Order-Inside!
notice that link is HTTPS of course .
Google loves HTTPS so it can provide its audience
with safer sites and less malware and virus ’s etc .
its a great move on their behalf .
By the time Local business ’s catch onto the need to
impliment HTTPS your Google sites will have aged
nicely .
And they ’ll retain their current rankings .
This is the biggest response I ’ve had to a Beta Release .
It ’s great to see people getting back into SEO .
Though this means I ca n’t keep the doors open forever .
We do n’t want to flood Google with too many sites
to fast , they ’ll start putting restrictions on them
which is obviously what we do n’t want .
So jump in now while the doors are still open .
https://petestrafficsuite.com/showthread.php?24-Pete-s-Beta-Google-Site-Generator-Software-is-LIVE-Order-Inside!
Cheers
Pete
The CIA is holding its own inquiry into the destruction of the tapes
Four senior administration lawyers , including former Attorney - General Alberto Gonzales , debated the fate of the tapes , the New York Times said .
The White House said the implication that it had hidden facts was " troubling " and should be corrected .
The Bush administration has refused to comment directly on the case .
The CIA 's actions in destroying the tapes are currently the subject of three investigations .
Both the US justice department and Congress are probing exactly how and why the tapes came to be destroyed .
And the CIA itself is looking into the issue .
The Bush administration has so far refused to co-operate with the congressional investigation .
' Misleading '
" We will continue to decline to comment on this issue , and in response to misleading press reports , " press secretary Dana Perino said .
Nevertheless , she said : " The New York Times ' inference that there is an effort to mislead in this matter is pernicious and troubling . "
She added that the White House was formally seeking a change to the story - particularly the sub - headline , which read : " White House role was wider than it said . "
The four lawyers the New York Times alleged were involved in the decision to destroy the tapes also included ex-White House counsel Harriet Miers .
Mr Gonzales served as White House counsel until 2005 , until he was succeeded by Ms Miers .
The other two , according to the New York Times , were David Addington , a lawyer in Vice - President Dick Cheney 's office , and John Bellinger , a national security council lawyer .
The newspaper said evidence suggested the involvement of White House officials in discussions about the tapes was more widespread than had previously been admitted .
Last week US Attorney General Michael Mukasey ruled that it was not appropriate for the White House to release information to Congress while the justice department was also probing the matter .
There has been speculation that the tapes , showing the interrogation of two al - Qaeda suspects , contained evidence of harsh treatment that critics say amounted to torture .
The CIA says it destroyed the tapes to protect the identity of its agents .
The Iraqi government has ordered all policewomen to hand in their guns for redistribution to men or face having their pay withheld , thwarting a U.S. initiative to bring women into the nation ’s police force .
The Interior Ministry , which oversees the police , issued the order late last month , according to ministry documents , U.S. officials and several of the women .
It affects all officers who have earned the title “ policewoman ” by graduating from the police academy .
It does not apply to men in the same type of jobs .
Critics say the move is the latest sign of the religious and cultural conservatism that has taken hold in Iraq since Saddam Hussein ’s ouster ushered in a government dominated by Shiite Muslims .
Now , that tendency is hampering efforts to bring stability to Iraq by driving women from the force , said U.S. Army Brig .
Gen. David Phillips , who has led the effort to recruit female officers .
“ We nursed it along , ” he said last week , referring to the recruiting effort .
“ We saw this as : ‘ If we could get 50 % of the brain power in this country that is not being utilized engaged , how much further along would we be ? ’ ”
Without policewomen , Phillips said , there will be no officers to give pat - down searches to female suspects , even though women have joined the ranks of suicide bombers in Iraq .
Last week , a female bomber killed at least 16 people north of Baghdad , at least the fifth such attack in Iraq this year .
Another U.S. advisor noted that forcing out female officers will hamper investigation of crimes such as rape , which stigmatizes women in Iraq , because few victims feel comfortable reporting it to policemen .
Policewomen say the decree also will leave them unable to protect themselves at work or off duty .
Scores of police employees , both officers and administrative workers , have been killed by insurgents .
Men and women have traditionally been allowed to carry their Glock pistols with them after hours for security .
“ We are considered policewomen .
We face kidnapping .
We could be assassinated .
If anyone knew where we worked , of course they would try to do something to us , ” said a 27 - year - old interviewed Sunday .
“ How can I be a policewoman without a weapon ? ” she asked incredulously as three female colleagues nodded in agreement .
They , and Phillips , said the pistol recall was the latest in a series of moves that has limited most policewomen to desk jobs .
The few who have worked on the streets have been reassigned to administrative tasks .
Iraqi law still prevents policewomen from advancing to commanding - officer levels .
Phillips said women have complained to him about limited opportunities and harassment by male colleagues .
U.S. trainers began recruiting women in early 2004 and were so swamped with applicants that they had to turn many away .
By the end of that year , about 1,000 women had graduated .
Since U.S. authorities handed over responsibility for police recruitment and training to Iraqi authorities in February 2006 , Phillips said , the number of female recruits has dropped to virtually zero .
A handful of policewomen are working in western Al Anbar province after graduating from the academy in October , but Phillips said they were recruited , trained and paid with U.S. funds under a program not recognized by the Iraqi government .
“ When we stop paying , they stop getting paid , ” Phillips said .
Phillips , who works closely with Interior Ministry officials , said he got wind of the latest move to rein in female officers last month .
When he questioned the plan , Phillips said , he was told by one ministry official : “ Females are taken care of by men in this country .
They are not out there being police officers . ”
The ministry has been “ whittling away step by step ” at the initiative launched by U.S. troops in late 2003 , Phillips said .
Attempts to get a ministry official to explain the weapons order were unsuccessful .
The official spokesman did not respond to telephone messages .
The order suggests that the weapons are being confiscated because some women had quit the force and absconded with their guns .
However , the four policewomen interviewed said all female employees should not be punished because a few stole their weapons .
They added that policemen have stolen guns and sold them but have not been stripped of their weapons en masse .
Men who hold office jobs at the ministry are being allowed to keep their weapons , the women added .
The wording of the order also suggests that weapons are needed to outfit new male recruits .
Phillips said that was not the case .
There are more than 8,600 Glock pistols , the standard police - issued sidearm , in the main weapons warehouse in Baghdad , he said .
An additional 120,000 are due to arrive in the coming months , he said .
The impact of the growing religious influence on Iraqi women has manifested itself in other ways as well .
In the southern city of Basra , police say religious militants this year have killed dozens of women who did not cover their hair or dress modestly .
In Baghdad , once a secular metropolis , it is rare to see women without scarves covering their hair .
Women ’s activists say the new constitution clears the way for Islamic rule by guaranteeing individuals the right to decide domestic and family issues according to religious traditions .
The U.S. attempt to recruit female police officers faced hurdles from the start .
Phillips said that although hundreds of women have gone through the police academy and performed as well as , if not better than , men , few have been given assignments outside the office .
Even so , the policewomen interviewed said they had held out hope that eventually they would gain a genuine role in fighting crime .
“ We know there are policewomen in other countries , ” said one 30 - year - old woman , wearing a long black abaya and a pale pink head scarf .
She said she became a policewoman after her husband , who had been a police captain , was killed .
It was , she said , “ a sign of love ” for him .
It also was a way to support her three children .
For a few months , she said , she was a member of the “ rescue police ” squad , on the streets in uniform , mainly frisking women at checkpoints .
But in April , she and another woman said , they were among dozens of female police reassigned to office jobs .
“ Now , we are not so happy , ” said the woman , who , like her colleagues , requested anonymity .
A young woman seated beside her , in trendy brown suede boots and an embroidered skirt , said joining the police force “ was a new opportunity ” for women to earn good salaries and break out of traditional roles .
“ For three years I ’ve done my best , but unfortunately , they have not appreciated our efforts , ” she said .
One colleague , a 37 - year - old widow rearing three daughters in the capital ’s Sadr City area , said she considered her weapon “ like a brother to me .
I have to keep it with me . ”
For her and other Iraqi women , police work was seen as a chance to break away from the limited options left for many Iraqis after the war , and to make decent money .
The women interviewed said they earn between $ 600 and $ 700 a month , about twice what most Iraqi civil servantsmake .
Despite the ministry order , the women said they would not hand in their weapons .
If their pay is withheld at the end of the month , they plan to stage a protest .
They added that they were counting on U.S. authorities to back them up and force the ministry to back off .
Phillips , though , said U.S. officials have limited options .
“ It ’s a sovereign nation .
We turned over the running of their own police force to them , ” he said .
“ We do n’t have a veto . ”
tina.susman@latimes.com
I recently offended some people , quite unintentionally , with my modest suggestion that perhaps it was n’t in the best interests of the nation to hand over so much decision - making power to people who are n’t informed about the issues and their own system of government .
( Responses ranged from “ thoughtful disagreement ” to what I believe is referred to as a “ galloping hissy fit . ” )
Honestly , I was a bit shocked by the reaction – when I penned those remarks it hardly occurred to me that I was saying something controversial .
On the other hand , it seemed to me that I was merely stating common sense .
Since that post I ’ve been ruminating about the assumption embedded in the premise – that a goodly number of Americans are n’t intelligent enough to be safely entrusted with the vote .
In order to bring a little more depth to this debate I thought I ’d do some research to discover whether or not the nation ’s citizens are under - informed , and if so , to what degree .
I thought about pulling together a laundry list of reports comparing US students to their counterparts in other nations , but that seemed too easy ( and not entirely satisfying ) .
Instead , I decided to present some interesting poll results .
After all , you ca n’t really assess the intellect of the average man in the street by perusing a lot of egg - headed numbers on book - learning .
Likewise , it ’s not fair to evaluate their media consumption habits , because a lot of what looks at a glance to be trivial is in fact in the public interest .
Here ’s what I discovered .
Over a third of the population believes in ghosts and UFOs .
This is around the same number who believe invading Iraq was a good idea .
A smaller but still substantial 23 percent say they have actually seen a ghost or believe they have been in one ’s presence , with the most likely candidates for such visits including single people , Catholics and those who never attend religious services .
By 31 percent to 18 percent , more liberals than conservatives report seeing a specter .
Nearly half of Americans either believe evolution is untrue or have no opinion .
Two - thirds believe in “ creationism , ” the idea “ that God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time within the last 10,000 years . ”
( Which , I think , means that some people simultaneously believe in creationism and evolution . )
“ 34 % of college graduates surveyed believe that ‘ the Biblical account of creation ’ is a fact ” and 62 % of voters say they wouldnâ€™t vote for an atheist candidate .
One in three Americans still believe that Saddam Hussein had something to do with the attacks on the World Trade Center .
64 % of those polled by CBS News and the New York Times say they “ have concerns about losing civil liberties as a result of anti-terrorism measures put in place by President Bush . ”
However , 53 % approve of warrantless spying “ in order to reduce the threat of terrorism . ”
If that seems inconsistent , consider the LA Times / Bloomberg poll showing that only 43 % approve of Bush ’s performance as president , but a majority think his policies have made the nation more secure .
Then there ’s my favorite : nearly half of all Americans believe the Bill of Rights affords “ too much freedom . ”
I should probably watch my tongue here since “ a majority of Americans have said they would restrict public remarks that might offend people of other faiths or races . ”
Some of the specific findings of the AJR report are just delicious :
More than 40 percent of those polled said newspapers should not be allowed to freely criticize the U.S. military ’s strategy and performance .
Roughly half of those surveyed said the American press has been too aggressive in asking government officials for information about the war on terrorism .
More than four in 10 said they would limit the academic freedom of professors and bar criticism of government military policy .
About half of those surveyed said government should be able to monitor religious groups in the interest of national security , even if that means infringing upon religious freedom .
More than four in 10 said the government should have greater power to monitor the activities of Muslims living in the United States than it does other religious groups .
A separate poll done by Freedom Forum ’s First Amendment Center in 2002 showed that “ over 20 percent of the respondents felt newspapers should not be allowed to publish without some type of government approval . ”
( Note to America : we had that already .
It was called “ Pravda . ” )
I linger on this last bit to make a point .
Some of my critics on those earlier posts were rather bright - eyed about their defense of the rights and autonomy and general goodness of the noble ordinary citizen , and I ’d merely ask why I should endure such abuse for suggesting that their freedoms should be curbed when they themselves are convinced they have too much freedom as it is ?
In any case , a portrait is painted for your consideration .
And again I should note , in parting , that each of these fine people has a vote that counts as much as yours .
God Bless America !
EXCLUSIVE : by BAZ BAMIGBOYE
Last updated at 08:39 31 December 2007
Nicole Kidman and her husband of 18 months are expecting their first baby , the Daily Mail can reveal .
The Oscar - winning actress and Keith Urban , the country and western singer she calls the " love of my life " , broke the news to their families over the Christmas holiday .
The 40 - year - old Australian star had already spoken of " winding down " her film - making activities as much as possible next year .
The baby , whose expected arrival date has not yet been revealed , will be the actress 's first natural child .
She adopted Isabella , 14 , and twelve - year - old Conor during her first marriage to Tom Cruise .
Miss Kidman was stunned when he filed for divorce in 2001 .
Shortly after they split , she revealed that she had suffered an ectopic pregnanacy and a miscarriage during the marriage .
Miss Kidman spent her Christmas holiday in Sydney , after finishing work on Baz Lurhmann 's epic romantic adventure film " Australia " on December 21 .
She is due to film The Reader with Ralph Fiennes and British director Stephen Daldry in Berlin next month , but has no more cinema work planned after that .
" I just want to spend as much time as possible with my husband , " she told the Daily Mail .
Earlier this month the actress also dismissed the idea of returning to the stage next year .
" It would n't fit in with the logistics and dynamics of my family , " she said - a remark given extra meaning by the news of her pregnancy .
Her most recently - released film is the extravagant fantasy The Golden Compass .
Although the film was attacked by some critics , the actress 's performance as the glamorous villain Mrs Coulter won wide praise .
Scroll down for more ...
Miss Kidman married Urban in Sydney in June 2006 .
The early months of the marriage were described as difficult as the actress helped her new husband deal with a drink problem .
Urban spent several months in a rehabilitation clinic in the U.S .
Nicole Kidman 's most recent film is the extravagant fantasy film The Golden Compass , although the film was attacked by some critics , the actress 's performance as the glamorous villain Mrs Coulter won wide praise .
At the film 's Australian premiere in Sydney on December 14 , Nicole was mocked in some quarters for wearing a silver trouser suit ensemble with a jacket .
That suit was most likely carefully chosen to conceal rather than reveal .
Also when the Daily mail visited the set of Australia in Sydney earlier in December the actress was shooting scenes in a long ball gown , so again , much could be kept out of view .
In between takes on set Nicole took to a bed in one of the studio's dressing room 's complaining that she felt ' constantly tired ' .
KDE4 has a lot of hype .
It is a significant change , reportedly a big jump forward .
Â
There is a lot of new technology and names : Plasma , Oxygen , Phonon , Okular , Solid and more .
Depending on what you read , and where you read it , it is either the second coming of the DE Christ , or the first coming of the DE Anti-christ .
I decided to live with KDE RC2 + on OpenSuse Linux for an entire month , Dec 11 – Jan 11th ( the release date ) and record my experiences .
I ’ll be publishing an article a day about KDE 4 through the release .
10 things I hate about KDE 4 RC2 + ( the openSuse flavor ) !
10 . Crashy and inconsistent .
Dragging a widget to the Panel wrecks it , every single time .
I get some garbled half - bar , end up having to log out and log back in only to find the widget did not go into the TBR .
Key combos , like Cntl + F8 ( to show all desktops ) work some of the time , other times do things like CLOSE THE WORD PROCESSOR i AM USING WITHOUT WARNING , making me lose everything I have typed .
Other times KDE4 will just crash without warning .
I will say this , the quantity of crashes keeps diminishing with each update .
9 . I ’m stuck with a big , fat Panel .
One of the first things I typically do when running a new system is resize the taskbar .
I like my taskbars like Americans like their female celebrities , super thin .
I ca n’t change the size of the taskbar ( or for that matter get widgets to go into it ) as far as I can tell .
I ’m a KDE freak .
One of my complaints about the 3 series of KDE is that it lacks configuration options !
Getting stuck with a huge Panel with no way to change it creates a small feeling of hostility , like I ’m at the mercy of what someone thinks my computer should look like .
This brings me to petty point eight :
8. Right clicking on the Panel does nothing .
For some reason this makes me nuts .
I would n’t even mind it if a box appeared telling me “ nothing to see here ! ”
Instead , I feel like I am locked out of something .
It might not make sense , but do us Linux users make sense ?
7. Space wasting translucent strip on top of the Panel .
It might look nice , but it gets old very quickly .
6 . Get your Dolphin out of my Konqueror , or let me do it .
I have no problem with Dolphin .
It seems to work well as a basic file browser .
I thought I had read that Konqueror would use Dolphin as a file browser , but you could change this .
I ca n’t see how to do it , and now I feel like I am using something neutered .
Things that are part of my daily life , right clicking and choosing “ Extract here ” or the excellent “ Move to ” or “ Copy to ” are just gone .
I ’m hoping it is just an add - on package that is n’t ready or that I have overlooked , because if these things fall out of KDE 4 I see problems .
5. Desktop Icons from KDE 3 sessions get ugly and crazy .
This might be a specific Opensuse issue .
When I log into KDE 4 , all of the desktop icons sit in a big pile in the middle of the desktop .
If I spread them out , they get chopped and become ugly half - icons , some showing a translucent box around them .
It is simple enough to close them , I do n’t need desktop icons anyway , but it is still an annoyance and unpleasant to look at .
4 . Right click opens both the file and a dialog in Dolphin .
I ’m sure this will change upon final release , but man , I really hate this .
3 . Why do I want to “ Zoom out ” and “ Zoom in ” ?
I ’m given these choices from the little wrench in the upper corner of the screen , but I do n’t know why I would want to do that , or what purpose it serves .
2. Blurry fonts .
Fonts are blurry in Ocular and KWord , which I am using to write this .
I feel like I need glasses .
1. Upcoming Firestorm .
This is the real reason I wrote this .
It is only recently that I have seen recommendations that people hold off until KDE 4.1 to really use series 4 .
Unfortunately , the expectations are so high that when people do use it for the first time anger might be the first emotion they feel .
That is a shame .
I can see countless posts like this all over the internet .
I hope people get some sense of perspective about the huge amount of effort that has gone into KDE 4 .
I ’m impressed with KDE 4 , this post aside .
It has become usable very quickly .
It will take months for some of the radical changes to bear fruit .
Complaints will be listened to and addressed .
Change is n’t easy , and for those of us who love KDE , this is a big change .
I had a hard time coming up with ten things I hate about KDE 4 .
Tomorrow I will give you ten things I love about it , it will be much easier to write .
Clarke ’s Third Law
Every so often , a TV producer who wants to get ratings will air a “ documentary ” about some wonder of the ancient world .
Say , the great pyramids at Giza .
The formula for this “ documentary ” is pretty simple : you get a bunch of people from modern , industrialized nations to go crawl over these huge ancient monuments in Egypt and speculate on how those ancient Egyptians managed to build them .
And , inevitably , a lot of these people will throw their hands up and decide that the Egyptians must have had help from aliens or mystical “ pyramid power ” or some other magical or quasi-magical force , because the average modern Westerner does n’t know the first damn thing about how to build a huge pyramid and line it up just right so that it points at Betelgeuse on the Feast of St. Swizzen .
And if it ’s a really well - done documentary , there ’s a thirty - second segment where somebody shows up with some sticks and string and demonstrates how you can lay out a perfect square of pretty much any size , aligned with pretty much any earthly or astronomical feature you like , and optionally also shows how you can move gigantic rocks around with nothing more than logs and some grease .
Another example comes out of the Nazca Desert in Peru , where there are a bunch of lines scratched into the ground in strange patterns ; it ’s only when you get up into the air over the desert that you see how the lines actually form gigantic figures in the shapes of animals and people .
Crackpot theories about these lines abound : aliens who supervised the designs from their flying saucers are a popular explanation , as are magical flying shamans who could levitate above the desert to make sure the lines were drawn correctly .
But if you avoided the people who inevitably get interviewed for documentaries about the Nazca lines , and went instead to a draftsman or painter who was trained before the age of computers , you ’d get a boring explanation of how you can start with a small drawing and scale it up to any size you like , using tools that are n’t complex at all .
Back in the 1980s , three guys from Kentucky drew a 440 - foot - long Nazca - style condor on the ground using nothing more than ropes , sticks and their brains .
There are n’t a whole lot of professions these days which require this sort of knowledge or thinking ; as a culture , we ’ve largely forgotten that Archimedes showed how , with a lever long enough and a place to stand , you could move the planet .
And even sailors , who used to live and die by applying the principles of one of the classical simple machines , have mostly gotten out of the business of lifting huge things with them .
Today they just use cranes .
Which is n’t to say that these things are “ simple ” in terms of the knowledge you need to apply them .
The actual machinery you need to , say , lift a five - ton granite block off the ground is “ simple ” in that it ’s just ropes and pulleys , but the knowledge of math and physics — even if you ’re not thinking of it in those terms — required to properly set up and operate those ropes and pulleys is pretty complex ; an ancient Egyptian would probably have spent years as an apprentice pyramid - builder in order to learn the ropes ( pun intended ) and be able to carry on the work .
In that sense — the knowledge and understanding required to operate ostensibly “ simple ” devices — the ancient world had some pretty advanced technology .
Those of us who live in modern , industrial , computerized societies do n’t really have a clue anymore about all that advanced technology .
We like to think of people like the ancient Egyptians as fairly primitive folks , and we reinforce that idea by latching on to the way they believed that , for example , drying your corpse out in the desert and wrapping it in linen could grant you eternal life .
So most of us , when faced with a great damn pyramid looming up out of the sand , get confused and assume they must have used magic .
Which brings me to Arthur C. Clarke , whose Third Law famously states that
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic .
What ’s important to realize here is that this principle applies to computers just the same as anything else .
Computers are n’t really any more “ advanced ” than the systems used to build the pyramids or lay out the Nazca lines ; ultimately , they boil down to really simple parts chained together in complex ways .
Just like the wonders of the ancient world , it ’s all about having the knowledge and understanding to apply the relatively - simple machinery in just the right way .
And , for sufficiently complex knowledge , it ’ll end up looking like magic .
Django ’s old - school “ magic ”
If you sit down today , with a recent copy of Django , and set out to define a data model , it ’s pretty straightforward .
You might represent a blog entry like so :
from django.db import models class Entry ( models .
Model ) : title = models .
CharField ( max_length = 250 ) body = models .
Text Field ( ) pub_date = models .
DateTimeField ()
You ’d stick that in an application named blog , run syncdb and start adding entries to your database .
And when you needed to get them back out again you ’d do something like this :
from blog .
models import Entry entry_list = Entry . objects . all ()
But that ’s on a modern copy of Django .
At the sprint over the weekend , Jacob gave a short historical talk outlining the evolution of Django ’s model syntax , going back all the way to the days when “ Django ” was a set of modules in our private repository known as “ the CMS ” .
Even those of us who were using Django right after its initial public release have largely forgotten how things used to work : with the blog entry model , for example , you could n’t do anything so nearly straightforward as from blog .
models import Entry .
You would have done something more like this :
from django.models.blog import entries entry_list = entries .
get_list ()
Which immediately raises questions like “ why is there a module named entries when I did n’t define one , and how did it get out of the spot where I put my models file and into django .
models ? ”
The answer was that Django did an immense amount of under - the - hood work aimed at eventually throwing away the model class you ’d defined ; instead of using that directly , Django would build one or more entire modules of code — complete with module - level constants , methods and exception classes — and hack Python ’s import mechanism to make it live in the django . models namespace .
This was , in Python terms , pretty advanced technology , and even to an experienced Python programmer it was sufficient to be indistinguishable from magic .
That ’s why we got rid of it and switched to the model system we have now , the one that leaves your model classes right where you put them and which mostly works by having lots of things happen to the base Model class which inherit into its subclasses .
The development effort which replaced the old system with the new was called “ magic - removal ” precisely because we ’d gotten to that indistinguishable - from - magic point where even people who really knew Python could be stumped by what was going on inside Django .
Modern magic
Thanks to the magic - removal effort we ’ve pretty much gotten rid of the indecipherable and counterintuitive things Django used to do ; there ’s still a minor amount of magic in how custom template tags work , but it ’s not nearly so bad and most people never even notice it ( until they have a tag library which raises an ImportError and start wondering why Django thinks the tags should be living in django .
templatetags , but that ’s a story for another day ) .
There is , however , a fair amount of reliance on features of Python which are n’t necessarily obvious to someone who ’s just starting out with the language .
The way we set up the database API methods to accept the right keyword arguments for your model ’s fields and relations , for example , must seem awfully strange if you do n’t know how Python ’s variable argument lists work .
And , yes , the way a QuerySet can be sliced , indexed into and iterated over as if it were a list probably seems strange if you do n’t know how Python lets any class emulate a sequence or container .
These are somewhat advanced uses of the language ; they ’re not things you ’ll learn in the first five minutes of a Python tutorial , and some people write Python for months or even years without ever noticing these features or knowing how they work .
They ’re a form of moderately advanced technology , in other words , and so it ’s tempting sometimes to label them “ magic ” .
But , just as you can lay out a pyramid or a 400 - foot condor using nothing but ropes and sticks , or move a multi - ton block of stone with an arrangement of pulleys , the trick here is not in the complexity of the technology : it ’s as simple as accepting ** kwargs in your argument list and inspecting the resulting dictionary , or implementing a few specially - named methods on a class .
The complexity here is knowledge and experience of working with Python ; just as anybody could have gone through an apprentice - pyramid - builder stage and come out of it knowing how to lay out the structure and move the rocks , anybody can go through an apprentice - Python - programmer stage and come out knowing how to make a function take any arguments you want to throw at it , or how to make a class behave like a list .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - U.S. consumer spending in the crucial holiday period looks weak , upping the chances that the credit crunch tips the economy into recession .
Shoppers look at electronics in a store in New York 's Time 's Square November 23 , 2007 .
U.S. consumer spending in the crucial holiday period looks weak , upping the chances that the credit crunch tips the economy into recession .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Americans spent less in stores last week compared to a year ago for the third week running .
More of them say they will spend less this year , while fewer say they will spend more .
Little wonder .
The seemingly unsinkable American consumer is weighed down by debt , has seen the ATM machine they call home shrink in value and is now finding loans are harder to come by .
With consumer spending accounting for about 70 percent of U.S. gross domestic product , the stakes this Christmas could n’t be higher .
Sales in the week ending December 15 fell 0.4 percent from a year earlier , compared to falls of 2.7 percent and 4.4 percent the two weeks before , ShopperTrak RCT said on Wednesday .
A National Retail Federation survey released on Tuesday found that a third of shoppers intend to spend less this year , up from 29 percent who were cutting back a year ago .
Only 16.4 percent of shoppers plan to spend more this December , down from the 20.4 percent planning an increase last year .
MasterCard data released over the weekend showed sales have slowed steadily since the Thanksgiving weekend .
While shoppers may have been stymied last week by a winter storm , the more likely explanation for the muted December is that gasoline at more than $ 3 per gallon is combining with the most widespread housing slump in more than a generation to dampen demand .
To understand why the outcome of consumer spending is both important and a likely source of recession you need to understand just how deeply indebted they have become .
U.S. household debt hit $ 14.2 trillion in the third quarter , or a record 138 percent of household disposable income , up from 113 percent in 2002 .
“ People do n’t realize how far expenditure is above income .
Each year the consumer needs to increase its debts by the equivalent of 4 percent of GDP just to keep that level of that expenditure ( consumption plus investment ) the same , ” said Albert Edwards , global strategist at Societe Generale Cross Asset Research .
“ With the current imbalance between spending and income , debt carries on ballooning upward just to keep expenditures the same .
If the rate of borrowing falls back a bit , expenditure falls back very sharply . ”
If this marks a turning point for the consumer debt cycle , the impact will outstrip that of the credit crunch , not to mention providing another push to the self - reinforcing cycle .
BREAKING OPEN THE RETIREMENT SAVINGS PIGGYBANK
But why now ?
Americans have kept on spending through other tough periods , and indeed betting against them has historically been a losing proposition .
What is key now is that the main asset against which Americans borrow has declined in value at the same time that borrowing has become much more difficult .
The S&P / Case - Shiller national index is down 4.5 percent for the year to November , and many analysts are predicting bigger falls in the coming year .
American ’s equity in their own houses declined by $ 128 billion in the third quarter , according to Federal Reserve data .
And banks are less willing lend against that dwindling equity .
Home equity lines of credit and other mortgage loans are now harder to get and more expensive , due in part to a higher level or perceived risk by banks but also because of the effective shutdown of the global securitized debt markets .
With few other options for ready cash , a growing number of Americans are breaking into their retirement savings , according to a survey of chief financial officers by Duke University and CFO Magazine .
It showed that nearly a fifth of CFOs have seen an increase in those seeking “ hardship ” access to their retirement accounts , with 45 percent of those using the money to make mortgage payments .
Incredibly , 40 percent sought to break their retirement piggybank to allow “ non-emergency ” spending .
Given that these withdrawals incur a ten percent penalty tax it ’s not “ something people do lightly , ” said John Graham , a finance professor at Duke .
With this as a backdrop the soggy holiday sales figures make more sense .
Retailers in the U.S. are hoping that a last minute rush this weekend saves the day .
If consumers do hang in there the U.S. may escape recession , but if not it does look likely .
“ I ’d be very surprised if we were not in recession by the first half of next year , ” said Edwards of SocGen .
“ In fact , I ’d be astounded . ”
In an “ unforeseen and unprecedented ” shift , the world food supply is dwindling rapidly and food prices are soaring to historic levels , the United Nations ’ top food and agriculture official warned Monday .
The changes created “ a very serious risk that fewer people will be able to get food , ” particularly in the developing world , said Jacques Diouf , head of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization .
The agency ’s food price index rose by more than 40 percent this year , compared with 9 percent the year before — a rate that was already unacceptable , Mr. Diouf said .
New figures show that the total cost of food imported by the neediest countries rose 25 percent in the last year , to $ 107 million .
— a rate that was already unacceptable , Mr. Diouf said .
New figures show that the total cost of food imported by the neediest countries rose 25 percent in the last year , to $ 107 million .
At the same time , reserves of cereals are severely depleted , the agency ’s records show .
World wheat stores declined 11 percent this year , to the lowest level since 1980 .
That corresponds with 12 weeks of the world ’s total consumption , much less than the average of 18 weeks ’ consumption , in storage during the 2000 - 2005 period .
.
That corresponds with 12 weeks of the world ’s total consumption , much less than the average of 18 weeks ’ consumption , in storage during the 2000 - 2005 period .
There are only 8 weeks of corn left , down from 11 weeks in the same five - year period .
Prices of wheat and oilseeds are at record highs , Mr. Diouf said Monday .
Wheat prices have risen by $ 130 a ton , or 52 percent , since a year ago .
United States wheat futures broke $ 10 a bushel for the first time Monday , a psychological milestone .
Mr. Diouf said the crisis was a result of a confluence of recent supply and demand factors that , he said , were here to stay .
On the supply side , the early effects of global warming have decreased crop yields in some crucial places .
So has a shift away from farming for human consumption to crops for biofuels and cattle feed .
Demand for grain is increasing as the world ’s population grows and more is diverted to feed cattle as the population of upwardly mobile meat - eaters grows .
“ We ’re concerned that we are facing the perfect storm for the world ’s hungry , ” said Josette Sheeran , executive director of the World Food Program , in a telephone interview .
She said that her agency ’s food procurement costs had gone up 50 percent in the last five years and that some poor people were being “ priced out of the food market . ”
. ” To make matters worse , high oil prices have doubled shipping costs in the last year , putting stress on poor nations that need to import food and the humanitarian agencies that provide it .
Already “ unusual weather events , ” linked to climate change — like drought , floods and storms — have decreased production in important exporting countries like Australia and Ukraine , Mr. Diouf said .
I have talked about this subject of resource shortages relentlessly in the blog , but now the mainstream press and ' academic studies ' are seeing the strains on our food supply by a ' World of Shortages ' .
Our inflation this time is not due to an overheated economy like past cycles but demographic worldwide trends ( the world was not built for 7 billion plus people , with > 50 % urbanized which is where we are headed within a decade ) ; this is why I argue the Fed just needs to forget about inflation ( it is powerless to stop the trends behind it ) and work on growth .
It would also help if our gosh darn politicians did not encourage programs that diverted food supply away from food and into energy , especially such inefficient things as corn ethanol but votes are votes , and they will be bought off any way they can in Iowa , to the detriment of us all .
It is one thing to put sarcastic comments into a blog , but these are truly very bad things happening that our politicians are in fact encouraging ( they kill the solar incentive in the recent tax bill ?
they keep subsidizing the bad types of energy and call this a ' victory ' ? )
What a joke .
Just like the mortgages , until it gets so terrible that wide parts of our population suffer and raise hell , then they will reverse course - and look back at these type of energy bills and say " so and so is to blame for such a bad decision " .
Check back in 3 - 4 years , trust me , this will happen .
These are not things that get fixed if China GDP drops from 12 % annual to 3 % or US " slows down " .
This is what " those in the know " either do n't know or are ignoring .
And again we move to a ' reactive ' situation than ' proactive ' .
I am not sure what it will take to put this on the radar , since people unable to pay for food in the lower tranches of society wo n't affect the investment banks in New York and thus do not require any urgent action or Fed hand holding .
As I have stated , this is incrementally happening year by year ( all this inflation , not just food ) , but now it 's really starting to accelerate and affect much larger swathes of people .
And this is why the economy will be issue # 1 , # 2 , and # 3 by the time the general election is in full swing .
I expect to see an angry electorate in fact .
First , World Food Supply is Shrinking U.N. Agency Warns
Next , Food and Fuel Compete for Land
Shopping at a Whole Foods Market in suburban Chicago , Meredith Estes said food prices have jumped so much she has resorted to coupons .
Charles T. Rodgers Jr. , an Arkansas cattle rancher , said normal feed rations so expensive and scarce he is scrambling for alternatives .
In Oregon , Jack Joyce , the owner of Rogue Ales , said the cost of barley malt has soared 88 percent this year .
( ok I have to admit I laughed at the first sentence ... poor lady had to resort to coupons at Whole Foods , a very expensive place to shop for you darn yuppie types )
) For years , cheap food and feed were taken for granted in the United States .
But now the price of some foods is rising sharply , and from the corridors of Washington to the aisles of neighborhood supermarkets , a blame alert is under way .
Among the favorite targets is ethanol , especially for food manufacturers and livestock farmers who seethe at government mandates for ethanol production .
The ethanol boom , they contend , is raising corn prices , driving up the cost of producing dairy products and meat , and causing farmers to plant so much corn as to crowd out other crops .
The results are working their way through the marketplace , in this view , with overall consumer grocery costs up roughly 5 percent in a year and feed costs up more than 20 percent .
Now , with Congress poised to adopt a new mandate that would double the volume of ethanol made from corn , ethanol skeptics say a fateful moment has arrived , with the nation about to commit itself to decades of competition between food and fuel for the use of agricultural land .
“ This is like a runaway freight train , ” said Scott Faber , a lobbyist for the Grocery Manufacturers Association , who complained that ethanol has the same “ magical effect ” on politicians as the tooth fairy and Santa Claus have on children .
“
It ’s great news for corn farmers , but terrible news for consumers . ”
. ” But ethanol critics are not getting much traction with their argument .
Last week , the Senate voted 86 to 8 for a new energy bill containing expanded ethanol mandates , and the House is expected to follow suit this week .
Experts with no stake in the argument say ethanol has indeed contributed to rising food costs , but that is only one among several factors .
Higher fuel costs are driving up the expense of growing and transporting food .
And strong economic growth abroad is increasing demand for agricultural commodities , allowing once - destitute people to augment their diets with meat and dairy .
It is also a tough time , politically , to make a case against ethanol .
With continuing turmoil in the Middle East , sky - high gas prices and presidential candidates stumping in Iowa , the heart of the Corn Belt , a new renewable fuel standard has plenty of supporters on Capitol Hill .
“ We did get whipped , ” said Jay Truitt , vice president of government affairs for the National Cattlemen ’s Beef Association .
“ We continue to be caught up in this fervor , almost spirituality , about ethanol .
You ca n’t get anyone to consider that there is a consequence to these actions . ”
” He added , “ We think there will be a day when people ask , ‘ Why in the world did we do this ? ’”
The bill in Congress would increase the mandate for renewable fuels to a striking 36 billion gallons by 2022 .
That is far beyond a requirement on the books now for 7.5 billion gallons of ethanol by 2012 .
Much of the newly required ethanol could be made from agricultural wastes like corn stalks and straw , and its production would not compete directly with food production .
But the proposed mandate , known as a renewable fuel standard , also calls for 15 billion gallons of ethanol made from grains , primarily corn .
Mark W. Leonard , who raises cattle and corn in western Iowa and owns a stake in several ethanol plants , said it was “ absolutely essential ” that the government increase the mandate for ethanol , and he urged Congress to push up the deadlines .
( clearly an unbiased opinion )
“ This is a national security issue more than anything else , ” said Mr. Leonard , noting the nation ’s dependence on imported oil .
“ We need to quit sending money to people who want to blow us up . ” ( of course , the fallback for everyone when questioned - the terrorists will come to our corn fields if we do n't go to their corn fields first )
)
“ This is a national security issue more than anything else , ” said Mr. Leonard , noting the nation ’s dependence on imported oil .
“ We need to quit sending money to people who want to blow us up . ” ( )
Joe Victor , vice president for marketing for Allendale , an agricultural research firm in the Chicago suburbs , said Midwestern farmers would face a pleasant quandary in the spring in deciding what to plant because wheat and soybean prices are at or near record highs and corn prices remain bullish .
“ Oh geez , they ’ve got money galore , ” he said .
“ The Senate vote for the energy bill was a real confidence builder for the farmer to think , ‘ They are not going to pull the rug out from underneath us . ’ ”
Feed costs have increased 25 to 30 percent in the last year , according to David Fairfield , director of feed services at the National Grain and Feed Association .
He attributed virtually all of the increase to the demands of the ethanol industry
As the debate continues , one thing is certain : American shoppers are increasingly frustrated over rising prices .
“ It ’s the staples , the cheeses , the milks and produce , ” said Ms. Estes , shopping at the Chicago - area Whole Foods .
“ It ’s going up , and my grocery bill at the end , it ’s like , ‘ Are you kidding me ? ’ ”
If this blog is around in 3 years , let 's check back and ask in joining Mr Truitt " Why in the world did we do this ?’.
So when you see your politicians on local and national TV trumpeting this plan , unless you live in a corn filled state , I 'd urge you to boo and hiss .
And call them .
Until then I will just complain in the blog and continue to look for the people with deeper and deeper pockets ( farmers ) and find the items they will be throwing our tax money at ( fertilizer ) .
What a system .
ROME 
All the world loves Italy because it is old but still glamorous .
Because it eats and drinks well but is rarely fat or drunk .
Because it is the place in a hyper - regulated Europe where people still debate with perfect intelligence what , really , the red in a stoplight might mean .
But these days , for all the outside adoration and all of its innate strengths , Italy seems not to love itself .
The word here is “ malessere , ” or “ malaise ” ; it implies a collective funk  economic , political and social  summed up in a recent poll : Italians , despite their claim to have mastered the art of living , say they are the least happy people in Western Europe .
“ It ’s a country that has lost a little of its will for the future , ” said Walter Veltroni , the mayor of Rome and a possible future center - left prime minister .
“ There is more fear than hope . ”
The problems are , for the most part , not new  and that is the problem .
They have simply caught up to Italy over many years , and no one seems clear on how change can come  or if it is possible anymore at all .
Even we 're not immune to a bit of hyperbole at Mashable when talking about exciting new technologies , but some quotes in the technology field have turned out to be real humdingers .
This is a collection of seven that really made you go " hmm " when you thought of them later .
Steve Ballmer - Oh , Steve .
Sometimes you have to wonder if Steve , as CEO of Microsoft , is ever actually told what 's going on at the company .
On October 2nd , we had the following quote :
“ I think these things [ social networks ] are going to have some legs , and yet there ’s a faddishness , a faddish nature about anything that basically appeals to younger people . ”
On October 24th , a mere 22 days later , Microsoft invested $ 240 million in Facebook .
It 's good to know you can just throw that sort of money at a " fad " .
That 's not to mention the fact Microsoft has added social networking features to Xbox Live .
He really should read those daily memos before going out and making comments .
Sony - During the RIAA case against Jammie Thomas , Jennifer Pariser of Sony shared her rather ... " unique " ... viewpoint on the idea of backing up / ripping music from your legally purchased CD :
" When an individual makes a copy of a song for himself , I suppose we can say he stole a song ... ( it 's ) a nice way of saying ' steals just one copy ' , "
Wow , that 's just amazing .
So , even though you legally purchased your CD , you can't do as you please with for your personal enjoyment .
Good to know .
Facebook 's Beacon System -
They were so excited when they launched Beacon .
And they were so sure that people were going to be excited about the ability to become " trusted referrals " of products and services to their friends .
“ Social actions are powerful because they act as trusted referrals and reinforce the fact that people influence people , ” said Zuckerberg .
“ It ’s no longer just about messages that are broadcasted out by companies , but increasingly about information that is shared between friends .
So we set out to use these social actions to build a new kind of ad system . ”
Well , we all know how that ended up going , do n't we ?
It may have sounded good in the brainstorming sessions , but it failed miserably in the real world environment .
Hopefully companies will learn a lesson from this little debacle .
Mark Cuban -
There is no denying the man ( he 's the one on the right if you needed help ) made a killing years ago in the days of the first .com bubble , but apparently he has n't kept up with technology , as proven by this quote :
“ My position is related to the last mile .
P2P is so incredibly inefficient .
You send and receive the same bytes , which means for the portion of the file you are a seed for , you are at least 50 pct inefficient ” .
Oh , Mark ... it 's such a cute idea , but perhaps you should stick to the dancing ?
Sure , something more efficient may come out some day , but for now it is a boon to too many people as a way to split up the cost of bandwidth .
Never mind he also called for P2P to be blocked ... somehow I think companies like Joost and Skype may have thoughts on that .
NBC - The war between NBC Universal and Apple just got silly at some points , but it was usually more on the NBC side that you would scratch your head .
Jeff Zucker , the CEO , gave us this head scratcher via an article in Variety .
" Apple sold millions of dollars worth of hardware off the back of our content , and made a lot of money , " Zucker said .
" They did not want to share in what they were making off the hardware or allow us to adjust pricing . "
Really , Mr. Zucker ?
You think people bought all those iPods and Apple TVs because they were thinking " Oh wow , I can get NBC shows with this thanks to iTunes ! "
Trent Reznor - Mr. Reznor has never been one to bite his tongue .
If something is annoying him , we usually hear about it somewhere .
In the wake of the Radiohead In Rainbows experiment , Trent basically said they had the right idea .
“ … Most people are n’t aware of the world of art and commerce where exploitation strips each artist down to ni**er .
Each label , like apartheid , multiplies us by our divide and whips us ’til we conform to lesser figures .
What falls between the cracks is a pile of records stacked to the heights of talents hidden from the sun …
And the only way to choose is to jump ship from old truths and trust dolphins as we swim through changing ways . ”
Somewhere in all that flowery language is hidden the message that Trent is tired of earning squat from the record labels .
Considering there is a laundry list of artists thinking the same , it seems 2008 could be a very rough year for record executives .
Agloco -
It seemed like such a great idea , albeit one that had already been tried , and even by some of the same people .
You surf the web with a toolbar turned on , get your friends to also surf , you all earn money .
But , seeing as this had been tried years ago in the form of All Advantage , we should have all realized it would fail again .
“ To be a sustainable entity in the long term , AGLOCO makes Member cash distributions from its positive cash flow ( revenue minus costs ) .
Therefore , please do not expect a check after the first couple of months as it will take time to collect revenue from advertisers and this revenue must exceed costs in order to make cash distributions to Members .
We will be keeping Members informed of our financials and you can visit the Official company blog at http://blog.agloco.com for the latest updates . ”
Considering this quote is from April of this year , and as of mid-December they are providing members with emails about how to take over the company , it would seem that the " few months " estimate they spoke of may have been a tad " off " .
So what was your favorite quote of the year ?
What made you roll your eyes ?
Chace Crawford is crazy about Carrie Underwood .
Apparently , so is the Dallas native 's entire family .
" His whole family loves her , " a friend of Chace Crawford and Carrie Underwood tells Us Weekly .
" They are really perfect for each other . "
How close are the adorable Idol / Gossip Girl duo of six months - who started dating in July but did n't go public until October , and are still pretty coy about it ?
After the fourth season American Idol winner and Oklahoma native , 24 , spent Thanksgiving with the Gossip Girl hottie , 22 , at his parents ' home in Texas , she joined his relatives on part of her Christmas vacation as well .
" They spent Christmas together and had a wonderful time , " a source says .
" His parents are fond of her and think she 's extremely talented .
And they certainly believe Carrie Crawford would be a great addition to the family ! "
Carrie Underwood , meanwhile , has no regrets about her July split from Tony Romo , the Dallas Cowboys star who is now dating Jessica Simpson .
" She thanks her lucky stars she is n't with Tony anymore ! " added the insider Us source .
" She thinks it 's a joke he's with Jessica Simpson and sees him as a player .
Carrie and Chace call him ' the player ' and Jessica ' the ditz . ' "
https://antipolygraph.org/documents/marston-fbi-file.pdf
The FBI opened its file on Marston in March 1938 , with acknowledgment of receipt of an advance copy of Marston 's book , The Lie Detector Test , " which copy was sent to [ FBI Director J. Edgar ]
Hoover for review . "
E.P. Coffey , who headed the FBI 's Technical Laboratory , trashes the book in a review dated 11 May 1938 .
According to James Allan Matte ( Forensic Psychophysiology Using the Polygraph , p. 29 ) , " Special Agent Coffey was the first FBI polygraphist ... and probably the first examiner in the Federal Government . "
Regarding Marston 's book Coffey writes :
Quote :
Re : Review of book entitled , Lie Detector Test by Doctor William M. Marston .
The above - entitled book was reviewed by Mr. Quinn Tamm of the Technical Laboratory who reports that in his opinion the book is typical of all the work done by Doctor Marston in that it is written in an extremely egotistical vein and that the sole purpose of the book seems to be to establish the fact that Doctor Marston was the first to use the blood pressure test in the detection of deception .
The first three chapters in the book deal with the subject of pointing out how Doctor Marston discovered the blood pressure test as a deception detector and also ridicules all other psychological attempts along this same line .
The balance of the book is devoted to the various uses to which Doctor Marston has put the so - called lie detector test such as actual use in police cases , examination of employees in banks , a chapter entitled " Love and the Lie Detector " in which Marston points out how he has settled marital difficulties by the use of his psychological test .
It is noted that throughout the book the author points out that the blood pressure test for the detection of deception in the hands of a trained operator is infallible and that once the deception has been detected it has been his experience that if this is pointed out to the subject he will admit his guilt and it will have the psychological effect upon him of making him always in the future tell the truth .
This to Mr. Tamm , exemplifies the same egotistical ridiculous strain in which this book is written .
Yet Marston 's claims are little more egotistical and ridiculous than those commonly made by polygraph operators to this very day .
Also of interest is a " personal and confidential " memorandum dated 13 July 1939 from John S. Bugas , the Special Agent in Charge of the FBI 's Detroit office to Director Hoover .
Bugas reports that Marston misrepresented the results of an experiment using the lie detector that was supposed to show that Gillette razor blades were superior to those of competitors .
It did n't .
Nonetheless , Marston appeared in a
Quote :
PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL
Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington , D.C .
DirectorFederal Bureau of InvestigationWashington , D.C. Re : WILLIAM MOULTON MARSTON
Dear Sir :
With respect to telephonic request from Inspector L.B. NICHOLS that [ redacted ] of the Detroit Police Department be contacted for whatever information he possessed concerning WILLIAM MOULTON MARSTON , the following data are set out .
[ Redacted ] advised that in 1938 the Gillette Razor Company conceived the idea , apparently at the instigation of Mr. MARSTON , of using the lie detector in an advertising scheme concerning Gillette razor blades .
The idea was to have a representative number of individuals , who used Gillette razors , shave with a razor containing a Gillette blade and then on the same occasion shave with a razor containing some substitute blade that fits a Gillette razor .
These individuals were then to be immediately questioned by allegedly unbiased individuals concerning the respective merits of the blades just used .
MARSTON 's lie detector machine was to be used during this interrogation and , of course , it was presumed that the answers would show the preponderant merits of Gillette blades over the other blades .
The lie detector machine would simply show the veracity of the answers and thus help to establish the superiority of Gillette blades over the others .
This scheme was handled by an advertising concern in Detroit , called Maxon's , Inc. , which is one of the largest advertising agencies in the United States .
According to [ redacted ] conducted experiments with a small group of individuals and padded the results so as to show that the Gillette blades were superior .
[ Redacted ] and his associates in the Detroit Police Department then assisted MARSTON in carrying the experiment further and making a test with a larger number of individuals .
[ Redacted ] stated that the interrogation engaged in with his assistants showed about fifty per cent of the individuals thus tested indicated Gillette blades to be superior and about fifty per cent indicated the other blades to be superior .
MARSTON was not satisfied with this latter test and then confidentially advised an associate of [ redacted ] that if this associate would swear to results indicating that all the individuals believed Gillette to be superior , there would be a good sum of money in it not only for MARSTON but for this associate of [ redacted ] [ .]
The associate declined to perjure himself in this fashion and , apparently , the entire scheme fell through as far as the Detroit area was concerned at least .
MARSTON indicated on that occasion that he stood to make around thirty thousand dollars for his part in the entire scheme .
Very truly yours ,
JOHN S. BUGAS
Special Agent in Charge Dear Sir : With respect to telephonic request from Inspector L.B. NICHOLS that [ redacted ] of the Detroit Police Department be contacted for whatever information he possessed concerning WILLIAM MOULTON MARSTON , the following data are set out .
[ Redacted ] advised that in 1938 the Gillette Razor Company conceived the idea , apparently at the instigation of Mr. MARSTON , of using the lie detector in an advertising scheme concerning Gillette razor blades .
The idea was to have a representative number of individuals , who used Gillette razors , shave with a razor containing a Gillette blade and then on the same occasion shave with a razor containing some substitute blade that fits a Gillette razor .
These individuals were then to be immediately questioned by allegedly unbiased individuals concerning the respective merits of the blades just used .
MARSTON 's lie detector machine was to be used during this interrogation and , of course , it was presumed that the answers would show the preponderant merits of Gillette blades over the other blades .
The lie detector machine would simply show the veracity of the answers and thus help to establish the superiority of Gillette blades over the others .
This scheme was handled by an advertising concern in Detroit , called Maxon's , Inc. , which is one of the largest advertising agencies in the United States .
According to [ redacted ] conducted experiments with a small group of individuals and padded the results so as to show that the Gillette blades were superior .
[ Redacted ] and his associates in the Detroit Police Department then assisted MARSTON in carrying the experiment further and making a test with a larger number of individuals .
[ Redacted ] stated that the interrogation engaged in with his assistants showed about fifty per cent of the individuals thus tested indicated Gillette blades to be superior and about fifty per cent indicated the other blades to be superior .
MARSTON was not satisfied with this latter test and then confidentially advised an associate of [ redacted ] that if this associate would swear to results indicating that all the individuals believed Gillette to be superior , there would be a good sum of money in it not only for MARSTON but for this associate of [ redacted ] [ .]
The associate declined to perjure himself in this fashion and , apparently , the entire scheme fell through as far as the Detroit area was concerned at least .
MARSTON indicated on that occasion that he stood to make around thirty thousand dollars for his part in the entire scheme .
Very truly yours , JOHN S. BUGASSpecial Agent in Charge
A hand - written note on the letter reads , " I always thought this fellow Marston was a phoney & this proves it . "
In addition , a memorandum dated 30 October 1940 summarizing the Bureau 's response to a Congressional inquiry regarding a newspaper article reporting that Marston was going to establish a " truth bureau " includes the handwritten note : " He is a crackpot . "
On 12 December 1941 , five days after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor marked America 's entry into the Second World War , Marston sent a letter to the president of the United States , along with his book , The Lie Detector Test , volunteering his services to the nation .
His letter was referred to the Justice Department , which on 5 January 1942 sent him a polite letter giving him the brush - off .
How ironic that the FBI , which viewed the creator of the lie detector as a crackpot and a phony , today relies heavily his pseudoscientific creation to guide investigations as well as to screen applicants and employees .
A contributor who prefers to remain anonymous has provided AntiPolygraph.org with the FBI file of lie detector inventor William Moulton Marston , who under the pen name Charles Moulton also created the comic book character Wonder Woman , whose magical Lasso of Truth causes those trapped in its coils to reveal all .
The file , released under the Freedom of Information Act , may be downloaded as a 736 kb PDF file here :
The FBI opened its file on Marston in March 1938 , with acknowledgment of receipt of an advance copy of Marston 's book , " which copy was sent to [ FBI Director J. Edgar ]
Hoover for review .
" E.P. Coffey , who headed the FBI 's Technical Laboratory , trashes the book in a review dated 11 May 1938 .
According to James Allan Mattep. 29 ) , " Special Agent Coffey was the first FBI polygraphist ... and probably the first examiner in the Federal Government . "
Regarding Marston 's book Coffey writes : Yet Marston 's claims are little more egotistical and ridiculous than those commonly made by polygraph operators to this very day .
Also of interest is a " personal and confidential " memorandum dated 13 July 1939 from John S. Bugas , the Special Agent in Charge of the FBI 's Detroit office to Director Hoover .
Bugas reports that Marston misrepresented the results of an experiment using the lie detector that was supposed to show that Gillette razor blades were superior to those of competitors .
It did n't .
Nonetheless , Marston appeared in a 1938 advertisement ( 5.2 mb PDF ) claiming , " My study enables me to state flatly that Gillette Blades are far superior in every respect to competitive blades tested " :
A hand - written note on the letter reads , " I always thought this fellow Marston was a phoney & this proves it . "
In addition , a memorandum dated 30 October 1940 summarizing the Bureau 's response to a Congressional inquiry regarding a newspaper article reporting that Marston was going to establish a " truth bureau " includes the handwritten note : " He is a crackpot .
" On 12 December 1941 , five days after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor marked America 's entry into the Second World War , Marston sent a letter to the president of the United States , along with his book , , volunteering his services to the nation .
His letter was referred to the Justice Department , which on 5 January 1942 sent him a polite letter giving him the brush - off .
How ironic that the FBI , which viewed the creator of the lie detector as a crackpot and a phony , today relies heavily his pseudoscientific creation to guide investigations as well as to screen applicants and employees .
Next , Levy points out that we ’re perfectly capable of falling in love with non-humans , including our pets , our teddy bears , our computers and our computerized pets ( remember the Furby and Tamagotchi crazes a few years ago ? ) .
Once you realize how easy it is to think of your own laptop as a sympathetic friend , how much more difficult is it to imagine having fond feelings for a robot programmed to interact with you in exactly the way your heart desires ?
Image Credit ...
Henning Wagenbreth
Humans , Levy writes , are hard - wired to impute emotions onto anything with which we ’re in intimate contact , to feel love for objects both animate and inanimate .
And robots , he argues , might turn out to be even more lovable than some humans .
By 2025 “ at the latest , ” he predicts , “ artificial - emotion technologies ” will allow robots to be more emotionally available than the typical American human male .
“ The idea that a robot could like you might at first seem a little creepy , but if that robot ’s behavior is completely consistent with it liking you , then why should you doubt it ? ”
When it comes to the even creepier prospect of a robot wanting to have sex with you , Levy takes a similar step - by - step approach .
First , he explores why people have sex with other people ( for “ pure pleasure , ” “ to express emotional closeness , ” “ because your partner wants to ” ) .
He then moves on to why we have sex with a range of artificial objects , from plain old white - bread vibrators to elaborate mechanical contraptions with names like the Thrillhammer and the Stallion XL .
He begins with sex toys you hold in your own hand and progresses to ones you engage in with another person : telephone sex for starters , followed by dildonics ( computer - controlled sex devices ) and then remote - controlled “ teledildonics . ”
Robot sex already exists , sort of , in the form of sex dolls — generally slim , big - breasted females with pliable “ cyberskin ” and a fake heartbeat that increases as the doll mimics arousal .
Levy helpfully includes the addresses for Web sites where such dolls can be purchased today for several thousand dollars each .
He also writes about the “ doll experience rooms ” in many Korean hotels ( 25,000 won , or about $ 25 an hour ) , which sprang up after that country cracked down on prostitution in 2004 .
There was some debate over whether paying for sex with dolls was also illegal , but for now , according to Levy , the prostitution ban applies only to intercourse with other humans .
Throughout the book , Levy builds up his case almost clinically , as though he ’s just trying to bring the reader up to speed on an inevitable social development .
But despite my own brief robot crush , I would have appreciated a little ironic distance .
Levy simply embraces the sexy robots in our future , whether they are a sensitive cybermale or an adoring female robot that is like “ a Stepford wife , but without her level of built - in subservience . ”
But it is n’t the subservience that makes the uniform , unthinking , unblinking Stepford wives so unnerving ; it ’s the fact that they are — hello ! — robots .
Browse column I got a lot of grumpy readers who want a column on the Kurdish - Turkish skirmishes in Northern Iraq , pronto .
A lot of them were pissed off at my last column gloating about the Malibu fires .
I guess I 'm only supposed to glorify this violent shit if it happens outside California .
Well , too bad , fellas .
Maybe you were n't one of those kids who always cheered for the flood vs. the dam , the wildfire vs. the water - bombers , and Ebola vs. those interfering French " doctors without frontiers , " but I was and still am .
People get the wrong idea about me , like I 'm actually a cuddly puppy growling at the sofa .
But I mean every damn word of it , and that goes for Malibu every bit as much as Mali .
Sure , I have sentimental favorites , but not many any more .
And I try to be fair about it .
If you were to say , " So Gary , would you be just as happy to see Fresno burn as Malibu ? "
I 'd say , " Sir or Madam , Your Honor , that is what I dream about every night on my commute . "
Hook me up to a polygraph and you 'll see nothing but a little smiley - face on the graph when the notion of Fresno burning comes up .
Hitler asked , " Is Paris burning ? "
My question is , " Why not Fresno ? "
But fine then , ya pussies , we 'll go back to nice safe overseas chaos 'n 'violence , take a slow Predator tour of Kurdistan and zoom in on what little gore there is to highlight .
See , that 's the first thing to keep in mind : this is classic low - intensity warfare , and if you 're hoping it 'll build up to a nice big poppable zit of a battle , forget it .
Nobody wants that except us frustrated war watchers , and you 'd think by now , after 60 years of this chronic - fatigue warfare , we 'd face facts .
But we 're all -- and I admit I feel it too -- we 're all hoping for something a little more Stalingrad , a decisive campaign with winners and losers .
I guarantee a lot of you wo n't like the story here , because it 's the same old thing : combat itself is trivial in this kind of war , casualties are insignificant ( unless you 're one of them ) and military genius , it do n't mean shit .
This is one of those annoying " wars " that are just about everything EXCEPT combat , everything from the difference between a language and a dialect to the whole notion of being something called a " Kurd . "
Could you draw a map of Kurdistan ?
Basically it 's a peanut - shaped footprint across SE Turkey , Northern Iraq and a patch of western Iran .
But it 's not on any world map , because the Kurds , like the Tibetans and the Tuareg , are stuck in the Hell of the Landlocked Tribes , a seriously bad Hell when countries are mostly defined by their chunk of coastline .
There are 25 million Kurds just festering in that peanut , but they do n't have their own country and never will unless a new Woodrow Wilson comes along and gives the world another shaken - not - stirred roll of the liar 's dice like Woody did in 1919 .
We get a lot of our dumbest ideas from that fine Presbyterian gentleman , but Wilson would 've been better off sticking to showing off his stiff collars as president of Princeton instead of doing his Jurassic Jimmy Carter routine by playing Sir Noble Knight defending " the rights of small nations . "
The right of small nations is to duck , shuck and say " Yessuh . "
That 's about it .
That 's how they survive .
Small nations that can fight for their rights usually keep going past the tribal borders till they 're stomping on the rights of other small nations that can't back their " rights " up with guns .
Prussia would be the classic example here , and it's more relevant to the Kurdish example than you 'd think .
When we think " Prussian " we think German officers with monocles and an attitude problem , but there were other Prussians living there first .
They spoke something called " Old Prussian " that was n't even German - based .
It was related to Lithuanian , and as far as I can tell , Lithuanian is related to the Language of the Flowers or Proto - Gnome or Paleo - Sanskrit in a fur coat or something like that .
Pages : Previous 1 2345 Next Print Share article
Unlike conventional body armor , Hydroflex remains flexible under normal motion , but can become rigid and absorb energy despite being paper - thin .
According to the inventor : “ Liquid is in the fabric by impregnation , hardens on impact , and melts back within time . ”
Videos after the break .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Dear World !
I started one of Sweden 's first Internet Service Providers .
I was educated at the Stockholm School of Economics .
I was a Fulbright Fellow in the United States of America .
I am a writer , blogger , social critic and internet theorist .
I have discussed intellectual property , file - sharing , freedom of communication and the future of culture in a digital world at length .
Because of my analysis and my writings I have earned the trust of the Piracy Movement of Sweden and have now been asked to further the following announcement , which they claimed was inspired by a column I wrote for a magazine .
I ventured that Swedish youth had started to feel pride over the defiance of The Pirate Bay and that the guys behind it are the rock star rebels of our time .
/ Oscar Swartz
Birth of the Nation of Pirate Pride
" The Kingdom of Sweden has been delivered a notice from powerful external forces , asking us to submit to reactionary demands .
Those demands can and should be read in this PDF ( 531 KB ) , a shameful letter delivered by postal mail to our Minister of Infrastructure and officially archived on November 13 , 2007 .
The headline of the letter reeks of desperation as it attacks one of the national monuments of Sweden :
" PIRATE BAY SHOULD HAVE NO PLACE IN SWEDEN OR THE EUROPEAN UNION "
The petitioners demand :
" It is absolutely essential that the individuals and companies responsible for Pirate Bay be called to account by the Swedish authorities without any delay .
We urge you to do everything possible to make this happen . "
Our answer is this :
" It is absolutely essential that the individuals and companies responsible for Pirate Bay be protected by the Swedish authorities and people without any restrictions .
We urge them to do everything possible to counteract . "
The petitioners demand :
" We believe that , given the Pirate Bay 's cult popularity , this is a key opportunity for one country to educate the global internet community about the need for respect of copyright and the importance of intellectual property . "
Our answer is this :
" We believe that , given the Pirate Bay 's cult popularity , this is a key opportunity for one country to educate the global internet community about the need for a change in copyright legislation and the importance of undermining traditional theories of intellectual property " .
We hereby proudly announce :
We , the people of the Kingdom of Sweden , in order to form a more perfect future , establish justice , insure international understanding , provide for the common good of humankind , promote the global reach of all culture , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do ordain and establish this Principle for the Internet :
The Pirate Bay Shall Stay Alive , protected by the full powers of the people of Sweden and the Nation of Pirate Pride , born in the Kingdom of Sweden .
Our comments are these :
Sweden led the sexual revolution in the 1960s .
We have decided to lead the way towards Internet Freedom and Enlightenment in the Digital era .
Swedish movie I am Curious ( Yellow ) , by national hero Vilgot Sjöman , made the U.S. Supreme Court overturn obscenity laws in 1970 .
The Pirate Bay is our tool for change this time .
We urge all individual creators to join us .
Our former Minister of Justice took commands from foreign powers and ordered a raid on The Pirate Bay on May 31 , 2006 .
A few days later the site was up and running and is now stronger than ever .
We , the people of the Kingdom of Sweden , have formed alliances with brothers all over the world , forming the Nation of Pirate Pride .
The Pirate Bay will stay on the Net .
If The Pirate Bay is ever physically threatened in Sweden again , we will form a human wall around any building that is invaded by its enemies .
Our SMS and mail and chat chains and politicians will swiftly convene thousands of people that are prepared to follow Gandhi 's example of Satyagraha , nonviolent resistance .
Please note that King Carl XVI Gustaf has received an award from The Pirate Bay for leading this country in the North where the future is born , where the Pirate Bureau is a mass movement and were the Pirate Parties of the world were born . "
As we 've discussed more times than I care to recall , the US educational system does not do a good job of producing scientifically - literate adults , and the media is n't a force for clarity in the sciences either .
Two physicists from the University of Central Florida are now saying the combination of the two makes everything that much worse .
They claim that as Hollywood mixes realistic special effects with the physically absurd , they 're leaving a scientifically - illiterate public completely bewildered about what 's actually possible here in the real world .
In a paper ( PDF ) published in the ever - popular Praxis der Naturwissenschaften Physik , they lay out their case as follows : " often the absurdity is hard to detect by people not very ?uent in science literacy and untrained in critical thinking .
In this way , Hollywood is reinforcing ( or even creating ) incorrect scientific attitudes that can have negative results for the society . "
They then go on to list a fine collection of the ways in which Hollywood 's sending scientific literacy down the toilet .
Some examples :
Gravity takes a vacation in Speed :
There 's a gap in a freeway bridge with a relatively flat surface .
A bus , traveling about 70 mph , crosses that gap , flying along an apparently horizontal path .
Gravity was apparently taking a well - deserved break .
There 's a gap in a freeway bridge with a relatively flat surface .
A bus , traveling about 70 mph , crosses that gap , flying along an apparently horizontal path .
Gravity was apparently taking a well - deserved break .
Spider - Man 's military genius fails vector math : The Green Goblin cut the cables on the Roosevelt Island Tram but held the loose end to keep it from plunging into the East River .
Although he was well positioned to handle the vertical component of the force , the horizontal portion of the pull from the tram car would have wrenched him sideways and into the river .
The Green Goblin cut the cables on the Roosevelt Island Tram but held the loose end to keep it from plunging into the East River .
Although he was well positioned to handle the vertical component of the force , the horizontal portion of the pull from the tram car would have wrenched him sideways and into the river .
The Core rings hollow :
On their way towards the center of the earth , the crew takes a break 700 miles beneath the surface .
Oddly , gravity is normal , despite the fact that a significant fraction of the Earth 's mass is now above them .
Meanwhile , a dead crewman 's body sinks into molten rock , despite the relatively low density of its primary component , water .
On their way towards the center of the earth , the crew takes a break 700 miles beneath the surface .
Oddly , gravity is normal , despite the fact that a significant fraction of the Earth 's mass is now above them .
Meanwhile , a dead crewman 's body sinks into molten rock , despite the relatively low density of its primary component , water .
The X - Men make a last food stand : A rough estimate of the calories Magneto had to consume to fuel the magnetic fields that moved the Golden Gate Bridge ?
4.8 million , the equivalent to burning of 1,350 pounds of fat .
Dieters , take note .
A rough estimate of the calories Magneto had to consume to fuel the magnetic fields that moved the Golden Gate Bridge ?
4.8 million , the equivalent to burning of 1,350 pounds of fat .
Dieters , take note .
Superman ... uh , gets lots of stuff wrong :
The authors , in describing a scene where Superman induces the Earth to reverse its rotation in order to have time move backwards , say it about as well as anyone could : " There are few scenes in all of movies ever produced that rewrite so many physics laws as this one does . "
The most basic mistake ?
Superman flies in the opposite direction from where he needs to go to reverse the Earth 's rotation .
There are a few others sprinkled in , but it gives you a pretty good taste .
In an informal poll here in the Orbiting Headquarters ( which , for your information , obeys both gravity and Newtonian mechanics ) , the following items rated highly in the " annoying departures from reality " department :
Pretty much anything that happened in Mission to Mars and Sphere .
Any time any show involving a crime lab ( and there are a lot of those ) does something involving DNA , the answers arrive within minutes .
Reality suggests hours or days are more likely .
Lasers producing visible beams of light .
This would include just about any movie with a laser that 's not used to play with a cat .
Yes , they can reflect off dust particles , but in most cases , the dust would have to be too thick to actually see anything else in the room .
And there 's not much dust in most areas of space .
Anything that makes a noise in a vacuum .
Which covers just about every movie set in space aside from 2001 .
Any time Star Trek tried to do biology .
They may have been awful with all the other areas of science , but I 'm a biologist , and I know they were awful with this .
Note to film and TV producers : science grad students work for peanuts .
Buy one .
Feel free to add your own entries in the discussion .
Let 's face it : most movies require a certain suspension of disbelief .
But we 're constantly bombarded by discussions of movie plotlines stretching that ability past its breaking point .
I can't say I 've ever seen an equivalent discussion of how ignoring the basic properties of reality can do the same .
Last night 's Talking Points on the O'Reilly Factor has to be seen to be believed :
Download Download ( thanks to Scarce for the vids )
Okay , maybe I 'm mishearing things , but it sounded to me that Falafel Man just said that consumers should remind corporations not to reward bad behavior .
You know , like hate speech or advocating violence against an innocent group of people ?
So , does anyone have a list of FOXNews / O'Reilly 's advertisers ?
Kos is giving a pony to the person who finds the " violent overthrow " diary on the homepage .
C'mon , Markos , you know Billo does n't let something as petty as a truth or reality to get in the way of getting his secular - progressive hate on ...
View of the Lake Malawi's lush vegetation .
Credit : Courtesy of the Lake Malawi Drilling Project
From 135,000 to 90,000 years ago tropical Africa had megadroughts more extreme and widespread than any previously known for that region , according to new research .
Learning that now - lush tropical Africa was an arid scrubland during the early Late Pleistocene provides new insights into humans ' migration out of Africa and the evolution of fishes in Africa 's Great Lakes .
" Lake Malawi , one of the deepest lakes in the world , acts as a rain gauge , " said lead scientist Andrew S. Cohen of The University of Arizona in Tucson .
" The lake level dropped at least 600 meters ( 1,968 feet ) -- an extraordinary amount of water lost from the lake .
This tells us that it was much drier at that time . "
He added , " Archaeological evidence shows relatively few signs of human occupation in tropical Africa during the megadrought period . "
The new finding provides an ecological explanation for the Out - of - Africa hypothesis that suggests all humans descended from just a few people living in Africa sometime between 150,000 and 70,000 years ago .
" We 've got an explanation for why that might have occurred -- tropical Africa was extraordinarily dry about 100,000 years ago , " said Cohen , a UA professor of geosciences .
" Maybe human populations just crashed . "
Other researchers have documented droughts in individual regions of Africa at that time , such as the Kalahari desert expanding north and the Sahel expanding south , he said .
" But no one had put it together that those droughts were part of a bigger picture . "
Tropical Africa 's climate became wetter by 70,000 years ago , a time for which there is evidence of more people in the region and of people moving north .
As the population rebounded , people left Africa , Cohen said .
The newly discovered drastic drought also suggests the famous cichlid fishes of Lake Malawi evolved four to eight times slower than previously thought , altering scientists ' view of fish evolution in the African Great Lakes .
The research article by Cohen , UA researchers Jeffery Stone , Peter Reinthal and David Dettman and their colleagues , " Ecological consequences of early Late Pleistocene megadroughts in tropical Africa , " is scheduled for early online publication the week of Oct. 8 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Another article by members of the Lake Malawi Drilling Project , " East African megadroughts between 135 and 75 thousand years ago and bearing on early - modern human origins , " is online at the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Christopher Scholz of Syracuse University in N.Y. is first author and Cohen and others are co-authors .
Both articles are scheduled for publication in the Oct. 16 , 2007 , print edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
A full list of authors for each article is at the end of this release .
The National Science Foundation , the International Continental Drilling Program and the Smithsonian Institution funded the research .
Cohen and his colleagues have been working for years to learn more about ancient Africa 's climate and ecology by coring Africa 's deepest lakes .
The scientists discovered the ancient megadroughts by studying sediments cored from the bottom of Lake Malawi , an African rift lake that is currently 2,316 feet ( 706 meters ) deep , and comparing those findings with similar records from Lakes Tanganyika and Bosumtwi .
" What 's unique about the Malawi , Tanganyika and Bosumtwi cores is that they 're continuous records .
We can see what happened in one place over a long period of time , " Cohen said .
Extracting cores from Lake Malawi required the kind of rig used in ocean - going drilling expeditions .
Those expeditions just sail a drill - equipped ship to the desired site .
However , the Lake Malawi Drilling Project 's target was land - locked .
The international research team collected the equipment necessary , shipped it overland , rented a barge and outfitted it to become a scientific drilling vessel .
They equipped the ship , M/V Viphya , with the type of GPS positioning system needed to hold the large ship steady under windy and wavy conditions .
The drilling equipment was lowered 1,942 feet ( 592 meters ) to the lake bottom and bored into the lake 's sediment another 1247 feet ( 380 meters ) .
If the ship did n't hold its position over the drilling site , the expensive drilling equipment might snap .
The work was successful -- the team extracted a series of cores , some as much as 1247 feet ( 380 meters ) long , representing hundreds of thousands of years of African history .
Such lake cores contain a high - resolution record of the things that fell in or died in the lake -- plankton , aquatic invertebrates , charcoal from fires on land , pollen from the surrounding vegetation .
Scientists analyze those materials to figure out what the vegetation and the lake conditions were like at a particular point in time .
The researchers used radiocarbon and other dating techniques to establish the age of regions of the Malawi cores .
Then researchers took samples at 300 - year - intervals .
Samples from the megadrought times had little pollen or charcoal , suggesting sparse vegetation with little to burn .
Cohen said , " The area around Lake Malawi , which today is heavily forested and has rainfall levels comparable to the southeastern U.S. , at that time would have looked like Tucson . "
One indicator of drought present in the cores were species of invertebrates and plankton that only live in shallow , turbid , algae - rich waters -- a situation very different from the deep , clearwater lake that Malawi is now .
" During the megadrought , Lake Malawi was algae - filled and pea-soup green , much like modern - day Lake Turkana , " Cohen said .
" Lake Turkana is known as the Jade Sea . "
The African Great Lakes are known for the spectacular biological diversity of their cichlid fish species , which number in the hundreds .
A dramatic increase in the number of species was thought to happened after a dry spell about 25,000 to 15,000 years ago .
In contrast , Cohen and his colleagues suggest that the rise in species diversity happened after the megadroughts .
By 70,000 years ago the lake had risen to more or less its current level and it had become a freshwater lake as it is today .
Although the team has used the lake cores to peer back in time 150,000 years , there 's still much more to do : the Lake Malawi core represents as much as 1.5 million years of tropical Africa 's past .
Source : University of Arizona
Explore further Study calls for urgent plan to manage invasive weed which threatens livelihoods in Africa
Ecology is often seen as a recent invention .
But the idea that capitalism degrades the environment in a way that disproportionately affects the poor and the colonized was already expressed in the nineteenth century in the work of Karl Marx and Frederick Engels .
Writing in Capital in 1867 on England ’s ecological imperialism toward Ireland , Marx stated : “ For a century and a half England has indirectly exported the soil of Ireland , without even allowing its cultivators the means for replacing the constituents of the exhausted soil . ”
Marx was drawing here on the work of the German chemist Justus von Liebig .
In the introduction to the seventh ( 1862 ) edition of his Organic Chemistry in Its Applications to Agriculture and Physiology Liebig had argued that “ Great Britain robs all countries of the conditions of their fertility ” and singled out Britain ’s systematic robbing of Ireland ’s soil as a prime example .
For Liebig a system of production that took more from nature than it put back could be referred to as a “ robbery system , ” a term that he used to describe industrialized capitalist agriculture .
1
Following Liebig and other analysts of the nineteenth - century soil crisis , Marx argued that soil nutrients ( nitrogen , phosphorus , and potassium ) were sent in the form of food and fiber sometimes hundreds and thousands of miles to the cities , where , instead of being recycled back to the land , these nutrients ended up polluting the urban centers , with disastrous results for human health .
Meanwhile , faced with an increasingly impoverished soil , Britain , as Liebig pointed out , imported bones from Napoleonic battlefields and from Roman catacombs together with guano from Peru in a desperate attempt to restore nutrients to the fields .
( Later on the invention of synthetic fertilizers was to help close the nutrient gap , but this was to lead to additional environmental problems , such as nitrogen runoff . )
In addressing these environmental issues Marx took over the concept of Stoffwechsel or metabolism from Liebig , 2 describing the ecological contradiction between nature and capitalist society as “ an irreparable rift in the interdependent process of social metabolism . ”
Indeed , “ capitalist production , ” Marx explained , “ only develops the techniques and the degree of combination of the social process of production by simultaneously undermining the original sources of all wealth — the soil and the worker . ”
This rift in the metabolic relation between humanity and nature could only be overcome , he argued , through the systematic “ restoration ” of the metabolism between humanity and nature “ as a regulative law of social organization . ”
But this required the rational regulation of the labor process ( itself defined as the metabolic relation of human beings to nature ) by the associated producers in line with the needs of future generations .
“ Even an entire society , a nation , or all simultaneously existing societies taken together , ” Marx stated , “ are not owners of the earth .
They are simply its possessors , its beneficiaries , and have to bequeath it in an improved state to succeeding generations as boni patres familias [ good heads of the household ] . ”
3
Marx ’s ecological discussions , coupled with those of Engels , therefore went well beyond the general understanding of his time .
Today the ecological issues that Marx and Engels addressed ( albeit sometimes only in passing ) read like a litany of many of our most pressing environmental problems : the division of town and country , the degradation of the soil , rural isolation and desolation , overcrowding in cities , urban wastes , industrial pollution , waste recycling in industry , the decline in nutrition and health , the crippling of workers , the squandering of natural resources ( including fossil fuel in the form of coal ) , deforestation , floods , desertification , water shortages , regional climate change , conservation of energy , the dependence of species on changing environments , historically - conditioned overpopulation tendencies , and famine .
Marx saw the materialist conception of history as related to the materialist conception of nature , the science of history as related to the science of nature .
He filled his natural science notebooks with studies of geology , chemistry , agronomy , physics , biology , anthropology , and mathematics .
He attended the lectures at the Royal Institution in London of the Irish - born physicist John Tyndall .
Marx was fascinated by Tyndall ’s experiments on radiant heat , including the differentiation of the sun ’s rays .
4
It is even possible that he was in the audience in the early 1860s when Tyndall presented results of his experiments demonstrating for the first time that water vapor and carbon dioxide were associated with a greenhouse effect that helped to retain heat within the planet ’s atmosphere .
( No one at that time of course suspected that the greenhouse effect interacting with carbon dioxide from the human burning of fossil fuels might lead to human - generated global climate change — a hypothesis not introduced until 1896 by the Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius . )
Today the dialectical understanding with regard to nature - society interactions that Marx and Engels embraced is increasingly forced on us all , as a result of an accelerating global ecological crisis , symbolized above all by global warming .
Recent research in environmental sociology has applied Marx ’s theory of metabolic rift to contemporary ecological problems such as the fertilizer treadmill , the dying oceans , and climate change .
Writing on the social causes of the contemporary “ carbon rift , ” stemming from the rapid burning up of fossil fuels , Brett Clark and Richard York have demonstrated that there is no magic cure for this problem outside of changes in fundamental social relations .
Technology is unlikely to alleviate the problem substantially since gains in efficiency , according to what is known as the “ Jevons Paradox ” ( named after William Stanley Jevons who wrote The Coal Question in 1865 ) , lead invariably under capitalism to the expansion of production , the accompanying increases in the throughput of natural resources and energy , and more strains on the biosphere .
“ Technological development , ” Clark and York therefore conclude , “ cannot assist in mending the carbon rift until it is freed from the dictates of capital relations . ”
5
The only genuine , i.e. sustainable , solution to the global environmental rift requires , in Marx ’s words , a society of “ associated producers ” who can “ govern the human metabolism with nature in a rational way , bringing it under their collective control instead of being dominated by it as a blind power ; accomplishing it with the least expenditure of energy and in conditions most worthy and appropriate for their human nature . ”
6
The goals of human freedom and ecological sustainability are thus inseparable and necessitate for their advancement the building of a socialism for the 21st century .
Notes
1 Karl Marx , Capital , vol . 1 ( New York : Vintage , 1976 ) , 860 ; John Bellamy Foster , Marx ’s Ecology ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2000 ) , 164 .
See also Erland Mårald , “ Everything Circulates : Agricultural Chemistry and Recycling Theories in the Second Half of the Nineteenth Century , ” Environment and History , vol. 8 ( 2002 ) , 65 - 84 .
2 As indicated in the editor ’s notes to the Penguin / Vintage edition of Capital , vol .
3 : “ Liebig is referred to several times in both this volume and Volume 1 , and it seems that Marx took from Liebig the concept of metabolism ( Stoffwechsel ) that he applied there , suitably transformed , to the analysis of the labour process ( Chapter 7 ) . ”
In Karl Marx , Capital , vol . 3 ( New York : Vintage , 1981 ) , p. 878 .
3 Foster , Marx ’s Ecology , 155 - 70 .
See also Paul Burkett , Marx and Nature ( New York : St. Martin ’s Press , 1999 ) ; Paul Burkett and John Bellamy Foster , “ Metabolism , Energy , and Entropy in Marx ’s Critique of Political Economy , ” Theory & Society , vol. 35 ( 2006 ) , 109 -56 .
4 Spencer R. Weart , The Discovery of Global Warming ( Cambridge , Massachusetts : Harvard University Press , 2003 ) , pp. 3 - 4 ; Y. M. Uranovsky , “ Marxism and Natural Science , ” in Nikolai Bukharin , et. al. , Marxism and Modern Thought ( New York : Harcourt , Brace , and Co. , 1935 ) , p. 140 .
In 1865 Engels reported that a chemist that he had just met — probably Carl Schorlemmer , who was to become one Engels and Marx ’s closest friends , a Fellow of the Royal Society and the first individual in England to occupy a chair in organic chemistry — had explained to him Tyndall ’s “ sunbeam experiment . ”
See W. O. Henderson , The Life of Friedrich Engels ( London : Frank Cass , 1976 ) , vol. 1 , p. 262 .
5 Brett Clark and Richard York , “ Carbon Metabolism : Global Capitalism , Climate Change , and the Biospheric Rift , ” Theory & Society , vol. 34 ( 2005 ) , p. 419 .
For further work on the metabolic rift and global ecological crisis see Rebecca Clausen and Brett Clark , “ The Metabolic Rift and Marine Ecology , ” Organization & Environment , vol. 18 , no. 4 ( 2005 ) , pp. 422-44 ; Philip Mancus , “ Nitrogen Fertilizer Dependency and Its Contradictions , ” Rural Sociology , vol. 72 , no. 2 ( June 2007 ) .
6 Marx , Capital , vol. 3 , p. 959 .
John Bellamy Foster is professor of sociology at the University of Oregon , author of Marx ’s Ecology and Ecology Against Capitalism , and editor of Monthly Review .
|
| Print
Download Download
Tonight 's Republican YouTube debate on CNN started out with bang -- and a pow and a bam .
The first question was directed at Rudy Giuliani from an unhappy New Yorker who accused him of running a sanctuary city during his time as Mayor .
Rudy defends his record on immigration and crime , but when host Anderson Cooper asks fellow candidate Mitt Romney to comment , he goes after Rudy and it was all downhill from there .
The two went back and forth trading barbs about who was nicer to immigrants , when Rudy accuses Romney of hiring illegal immigrants to work at his mansion .
Romney did n't take kindly to the accusation and after Rudy got more personal and refused to allow Cooper to move on to another question the boos started flying from the audience .
This was really ugly , and a real statement about the state of the Republican Party .
As Scarce commented -- this debate is like a funeral ... with booing .
Quote :
http://www.latimes.com/news/printedition/california/la-me-marine16aug16,1,497311...
Former Marine charged in killings of 8 Iraqi prisoners
The Murrieta resident , who worked as a Riverside police officer until last week , is expected to appear in court today .
By Joe Mozingo and Tony Perry
August 16 , 2007
The U.S. attorney in Los Angeles has filed charges against a former Marine sergeant for his alleged role in the killing of eight unarmed Iraqi prisoners during a November 2004 battle in Fallouja , according to military and civilian sources .
Jose Nazario , a Murrieta resident who worked as a sworn officer in the Riverside Police Department until his termination last week , is expected to appear in a federal courtroom in Riverside today .
The criminal complaint and affidavit detailing the exact charges are under seal but are expected to be made public at that time .
A spokesman for the U.S. attorney declined to comment .
Nazario could not be reached for comment .
The former sergeant is being charged in civilian court because he is no longer a Marine .
Naval Criminal Investigative Service agents are examining allegations against other members of Nazario 's squad , who are still in the Marine Corps , but referred Nazario 's case to the U.S. attorney , sources said .
The investigation involves the same company -- Kilo Company , 3rd Battalion , 1st Regiment -- that is the focus of the worst alleged atrocity in Iraq , the killing of 24 civilians in Haditha on Nov. 19 , 2005 .
Marines have called the house - to - house fighting in Fallouja the most intense urban combat since Vietnam .
One senior Marine officer who was in Fallouja said he was concerned that Nazario was being tried in a civilian court , where the jury might not " understand the reality of combat , understand the reality of Fallouja . "
In three recent courts - martial at Camp Pendleton involving Marines accused of war crimes in Iraq , all the jurors were Iraq veterans , most of them from infantry battalions .
All three cases resulted in convictions , but two juries opted to release the Marines without additional prison time and the third gave a sentence that was half what the prosecutors sought .
Military investigators first became aware of the Fallouja incident when a member of the squad , Cpl. Ryan Weemer , took a polygraph examination as part of his bid to join the Secret Service .
In answer to a routine question -- if he had been involved in unjustified killings -- Weemer disclosed the prisoner killings .
The disclosure touched off the Naval Criminal Investigative Service probe .
A spokesman for the service declined to discuss the investigation .
Sources say Nazario passed lie detector tests when he was applying for jobs with the Los Angeles Police Department and Riverside police .
Steven Frasher , a spokesman for the Riverside Police Department , confirmed that Nazario was terminated Aug. 7 , but said he could not comment on the reasons for Nazario 's departure or whether it was linked to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation .
" When it comes to personnel matters and investigations being handled by other agencies , there is really not much we can say , " Frasher said .
Frasher said Nazario was employed by the department since November 2005 , including his recruitment period .
As a probationary police officer , he was in the field for some of that time but was still undergoing training , Frasher added .
Frasher said all recruits undergo a polygraph test before they are hired , but he said Nazario was not asked whether he took part in " wrongful killings . "
Nazario enlisted in the Marines in September 1997 and left as a sergeant in October 2005 .
--
joe.mozingo@latimes.com
tony.perry@latimes.com
Times staff writers Maeve Reston and Julian Barnes contributed to this report .
The Murrieta resident , who worked as a Riverside police officer until last week , is expected to appear in court today .
By Joe Mozingo and Tony PerryAugust 16 , 2007 The U.S. attorney in Los Angeles has filed charges against a former Marine sergeant for his alleged role in the killing of eight unarmed Iraqi prisoners during a November 2004 battle in Fallouja , according to military and civilian sources .
Jose Nazario , a Murrieta resident who worked as a sworn officer in the Riverside Police Department until his termination last week , is expected to appear in a federal courtroom in Riverside today .
The criminal complaint and affidavit detailing the exact charges are under seal but are expected to be made public at that time .
A spokesman for the U.S. attorney declined to comment .
Nazario could not be reached for comment .
The former sergeant is being charged in civilian court because he is no longer a Marine .
Naval Criminal Investigative Service agents are examining allegations against other members of Nazario 's squad , who are still in the Marine Corps , but referred Nazario 's case to the U.S. attorney , sources said .
The investigation involves the same company -- Kilo Company , 3rd Battalion , 1st Regiment -- that is the focus of the worst alleged atrocity in Iraq , the killing of 24 civilians in Haditha on Nov. 19 , 2005 .
Marines have called the house - to - house fighting in Fallouja the most intense urban combat since Vietnam .
One senior Marine officer who was in Fallouja said he was concerned that Nazario was being tried in a civilian court , where the jury might not " understand the reality of combat , understand the reality of Fallouja .
"
In three recent courts - martial at Camp Pendleton involving Marines accused of war crimes in Iraq , all the jurors were Iraq veterans , most of them from infantry battalions .
All three cases resulted in convictions , but two juries opted to release the Marines without additional prison time and the third gave a sentence that was half what the prosecutors sought .
Military investigators first became aware of the Fallouja incident when a member of the squad , Cpl. Ryan Weemer , took a polygraph examination as part of his bid to join the Secret Service .
In answer to a routine question -- if he had been involved in unjustified killings -- Weemer disclosed the prisoner killings .
The disclosure touched off the Naval Criminal Investigative Service probe .
A spokesman for the service declined to discuss the investigation .
Sources say Nazario passed lie detector tests when he was applying for jobs with the Los Angeles Police Department and Riverside police .
Steven Frasher , a spokesman for the Riverside Police Department , confirmed that Nazario was terminated Aug. 7 , but said he could not comment on the reasons for Nazario 's departure or whether it was linked to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation .
"
When it comes to personnel matters and investigations being handled by other agencies , there is really not much we can say , " Frasher said .
Frasher said Nazario was employed by the department since November 2005 , including his recruitment period .
As a probationary police officer , he was in the field for some of that time but was still undergoing training , Frasher added .
Frasher said all recruits undergo a polygraph test before they are hired , but he said Nazario was not asked whether he took part in " wrongful killings . "
Nazario enlisted in the Marines in September 1997 and left as a sergeant in October 2005.--joe.mozingo@latimes.comtony.perry @latimes.comTimes staff writers Maeve Reston and Julian Barnes contributed to this report .
Jose Nazario , who has been criminally charged in federal court in connection with the killing of eight unarmed prisoners , passed pre-employment polygraph examinations with both the Los Angeles and Riverside , California police departments .
One of the relevant questions asked during the LAPD polygraph is , " Have you committed an undisclosed serious crime ? "
Mr. Peabody Explains fork ( )
Sherman , my boy , step over here to the WaBac ( tm ) machine and let me show you exactly what fork is about .
The fork ( ) function is all about process creation .
That is , how do I start a new program ?
But Mr Peabody : I already know how to do that in Perl ! I can use system ( ) or even backticks .
Patience , Sherman !
The fork ( ) function goes back to how Unix creates any new process .
For example the system ( ) call fundamentally needs to create a new process , and running programs with backticks needs to create new processes as well .
And under Unix ( and Perl ) that 's done with fork ( ) .
Let 's distinguish between processes and threads for just a moment .
A process ( in unix terminology ) is a program with its own address space , it 's own slot in the scheduler , and resources that are all its own ( except the filesystem and shared resources , of course ) .
Processes are generally designed to run independantly of whatever else is going on on the system .
A thread , however , shares some resources with another thread .
The first thread creates the second thread ususally for the purpose of taking a task and parallelizing it .
For example , a web browser might create indepenendant threads for fetching network data and for running the browser itself .
Under most architectures , each process can contain many threads .
We 're mostly concerned with Processes .
And since you 're familar with Windows , let 's see how Windows does process creation .
In Perl , it looks like this :
# Bullwinkle .perl # use Win32:: Process ; sub ErrorReport{ print Win32::FormatMessage ( Win32::GetLastError ( ) ) ; } Win32:: Process :: Create( $ ProcessObj , " D:\\winnt35\\system32\\rocky.exe " , " rocky nuts " , 0 , NORMAL_PRIORITY_CLASS , " . " ) || die ErrorReport ( ) ;
Of course , in the parent you now have a process object ( $ ProcessObj ) that you can use to do manipulations on the process , but otherwise they 're unrelated .
You see , Sherman , under Unix process creation looks entirely different .
In the guts of Unix ( the kernel ) ) there 's a function called fork ( ) .
This function is accessable to the user through the normal C library routines .
What fork ( ) does is extrordinary !
It takes the existing process and clones it .
If you 're familar with Star Trek , this is like a bad transporter accident .
An exact copy is made of each process , and each process is almost unaware of the other .
The code is executed instruction - by - instruction until the fork ( ) call is reached .
At that point , the process is cloned and now there are two identical processes running the instruction right after the fork ( ) .
In fact , they 're so identical that only one bit of information distinguishes between them : the return value of fork ( ) .
In the child process fork ( ) appears to have returned 0 .
In the parent process , fork ( ) appears to have returned a non -zero integer .
This is how parent and child tell themselves apart .
Are they really identical ?
Quite !
If the parent had files open before the fork ( ) , those files remain open ... and the child will also have those files open complete with file pointers in the same position as before the fork ( ) .
Any data structures and memory allocated by the parent before the fork ( ) are copied in the child .
If the parent had network socket connections open before the fork ( ) , the child will have a copy of that socket connection .
The environment variables , user ID , and other associated baggage also is copied .
After the fork ( ) however , the processes are independant .
If the parent allocates new memory the child does n't know ( or care ) .
Newly opened filehandles are only accessable in the process that opened them .
All that copying of data structures sounds slow .
Always the pessimist , Sherman ?
The designers of Unix were n't fools .
They developed a scheme called copy on write which would prevent this slowness from happening .
Essentially copy on write means that as the kernel executes the fork ( ) all of the pages of memory in the parent are tagged to say that , " if this page of memory is ever written to , it needs to be copied first " .
Afterwards , if the CPU ever goes to write to that page of memory it 's first copied for the other process and the tag removed .
So only those pages that need to be copied will be .
So in the beginning , the child is mostly a " skeleton " of page - pointers back to the original pages of memory .
After running for a while , those pages are copied into the child 's own private memory space .
Ok I think I understand now .
But how do new kinds of programs get created ?
This would eventually give me a system full of clones -- not particularly useful .
The fork ( ) system call is only the first shoe .
The other shoe is exec ( ) .
And together they make a nice pair .
The exec ( ) function , like fork ( ) , is a C library routine which directly accesses a kernel routine of similar name .
What exec ( ) does is overlay a process with new code .
The original process ' baggage ( environment variables , open file handles , user ID , etc ... ) are kept , but the code and the data associated with the process is dropped in place of a new program .
So very often in Unix code you 'll see something like this :
# Perl $ pid=fork ( ) ; die " Cannot fork : $ ! " if (! defined $ pid ) ; if (! $ pid ) { #
Only the child does this exec ( " /usr/bin/rocky " ) ; die " Could not exec : ! $ " ; }
For example , if you log into a Unix system over a network : inetd forks , and the child execs telnetd to handle the telnet connection .
When that connection is established , telnetd execs login .
When your login is completed , login execs your shell .
Every time you run a program at your shell prompt the shell itself forks and the child execs the program whose name you typed .
If you examine the output of the ps program on any Unix system , you 'll note that each process has a process ID number ( the value returned by fork ( ) ) and a parent process ID number ( the child can see this with the getppid ( ) function ) .
Thus , the parentage of a process can be traced all the way back to process ID # 1-- init .
UID PID PPID C STIME TTY TIME CMD root 1 0 0 Mar31 ? 00:00:04 init [ 5 ] root 374 1 0 Mar31 ?
00:00:00 inetd root 11254 374 0 23:38 ?
00:00:00 in.telnetd root 11255 11254 0 23:38 pts/3 00:00:00 login -- clintp clintp
11256 11255 0 23:38 pts/3 00:00:00 - bash clintp
11288 11256 0 23:39 pts/3 00:00:00 ps -ef
Ahh !
Like all questions of origin , the answer is complicated .
The init process is typically constructed by the Unix kernel when the system boots .
Here fork ( ) is n't used : the process is simply created ex nihilo .
The init process after creation , goes about creating all of the other processes that are required to get the system up and running using fork ( ) and exec ( ) .
If you look at a ps listing on a Unix system , you 'll see a LOT of processes have init as their parent .
Some of these were actually created by init , and some were not .
In addition to being the creator , init also inherits any orphaned processes : processes whose parent process dies and they continue running .
Parents forking , children , killing , dying ... that 's pretty gruesome , Mr. Peabody .
Oh it gets even more gruesome than that .
Child processes which die become zombie processes ( also called " defunct processses " ) .
They go into a state where their memory is freed and they 're no longer running any code -- they 're just hanging around to have their death acknowledged by their parent .
The parent process has to occasionally reap the dead children by using the wait ( ) function .
Doing this allows dead children to completely disappear .
Details of this exercise are in the Unix or Perl documentation for the wait function .
The beauty and elegance of this process creation technique is n't in the processes that are created , its in the baggage .
You 'll recall that when a process is forked and execed , the " baggage " that comes along consists of :
Open filehandles ( this includes sockets )
Environment
Process ' user ID
... and a few other items .
So , for example , a program which listens on a network port as root ( the superuser ) can fork ( ) and carefully take away its own privelages and then exec ( ) an insecure user - program .
The user - program will have no more privelages than the parent wants it to have .
I guess that 's clever .
I 'm still not impressed .
Patience , m'boy .
Patience .
The one application for fork ( ) which drove its creation under Win32 was for networking .
In a network server application , a process is bound to a network port and listens for connections .
For example , a web server is usually bound to port 80 on a computer and listens there for incoming connections .
Only one process may be bound to a port at a time .
Thus , only one program can be listening to port 80 at a time .
Also , if the port is unbound -- even for a little bit of time -- an incoming request will fail with " connection refused " .
When a connection comes in , the code designer has to make a choice -- should the incoming ( and outgoing ) stream of data be processed , or should we wait for new connections ?
Both horns of this dilemma are dangerous .
On the one hand , processing the request from the user quickly is important and all due speed should be given to that .
But on the other hand , while processing the user 's data we must not ignore new incoming connections for too long -- or they 'll time out .
What programmers traditionally do is take a middle ground .
They 'll process the user - request , and occasionally go back and listen for a new connection .
When new connections are received , they are queued up until the first user request is satisfied , and then processed in order .
Following me so far Sherman ?
Yup !
Now the Unix way of doing this is simple .
Since network sockets ( like filehandles ) are inherited by children Unix network servers typically work like this :
Step 1 : The server binds to a network port and listens for a connection .
Step 2 : Upon receipt of a connection , the server and the client establish the socket .
Step 3 : The server then immediately performs a fork ( ) .
Remember , the child inherits open file descriptors .
Step 4 ( for the parent ) :
The parent closes his copy of the socket and goes back and listens for another connection .
Step 4 ( for the child ) :
The child inherits the socket connection and talks to the client on the other end .
When the child is done processing , it simply exits .
The Unix utility inetd works just like this , and runs almost every interesting server that runs on a Unix system .
Gee !
That 's great !
Are there other things I can do with fork ( ) ?
Almost any task that lends itself to parallelism can be tackled with fork ( ) and other tools ( Interprocess Communications , for example ) .
Be careful with fork ( ) though .
Remember to check to see if fork ( ) worked by examining the return value .
If fork ( ) returns undef , then the fork failed .
The reason for failure will be stored in $! ( errno in C ) .
Too much forking can cause a system to bog down creating processes instead of doing real work .
These kinds of programs that fork indiscriminantly are known as fork bombs .
Well it really is worth a fuss .
You see Sherman : Microsoft has one way of doing process creation , Unix has another .
Anything which can bridge this gap is worth getting excited about .
Getting fork ( ) to work at all in a Microsoft Windows environment is a feat because Windows simply does n't work that way .
There 's no concept of " cloning " an entire running process as a new process and having both clones continue running where they left off , much less having the clones inherit file handles and such .
So how'd they do it ?
Simply like this : when you run a fork ( ) function in a Perl program , the Perl interpreter creates a new thread of itself .
It 's the same interpreter , it 's just running in threads now .
So within that interpreter there are two " copies " of your perl script running .
The process IDs returned to fork ( ) for the parent are actually just handles on threads within Perl .
Perl takes care of the nasty details so that your program " feels " like it 's running as a different process .
When you exec ( ) a new program , the thread which performed the exec ( ) terminates and a new process is created normally .
Does fork ( ) work on all versions of Perl ?
Not quite .
Under Unix fork ( ) works as it always has using Unix 's native fork ( ) routines .
Under Microsoft
Windows you have to compile Perl with this pseudo - fork enabled .
You do this by selecting the " MULTIPLICITY " and " ITHREADS " options when compiling Perl .
The 5.6 distribution of Perl from ActiveState is compiled with fork ( ) enabled .
Most other architectures do not have fork ( ) under Perl .
Where can I learn more about fork ( ) ?
From the following manual pages , distributed with Perl 5.6 :
Last updated at 09:12 26 July 2007
A crowd of 100 stunned stargazers brought a town centre to a standstill when five mysterious UFOs were spotted hovering in the sky .
Drinkers spilled out of pubs , motorists stopped to gawp and camera phones were aimed upwards as the five orbs , in a seeming formation , hovered above Stratford - Upon - Avon for half an hour .
The unidentified flying objects lit up the otherwise clear night sky above Shakespeare 's birthplace in Warwickshire on Saturday .
Although Air Traffic Control reported no unusual activity , some witnesses were convinced they were witnessing an extra-terrestrial spectacle .
The strange episode started just after 10.30 pm , when the lights were seen hovering slowly over the town before three of them formed a triangular shape with one positioned just to the right .
A few minutes later a fifth came into view travelling towards the others at breakneck speed before slowing down and stopping a short distance away .
Sceptics dismissed the UFOs as nothing more than hot air balloons , fireworks or even lanterns which had broken loose from a local rugby club .
Others , however , claimed the speed and agility of the objects was unlike any known aircraft and said the odd movement , lack of noise and the length of time in the air discounted any man-made explanation .
Tom Hawkes , who captured these amazing images , spotted the lights during his girlfriend Kate Lyall 's birthday at the One Elm pub .
He and the 15 other revellers were in the bar when they spotted some commotion outside .
Tom , 30 , said : " We walked outside and there was at that time a growing crowd of about 60 people looking up at something in the sky .
" I saw this light appear , then three others .
They came over our heads in formation but then manouvered into different positions .
" Three had formed a triangular shape and one was to the right .
Then another one came hurtling towards the rest at what looked like a very fast speed .
But as it neared them it suddenly slowed and stopped altogether .
" By this time more people had poured out onto the street .
Two pubs had emptied , some people had come out of their houses and drivers slowed their cars .
" The objects were there for about half an hour .
It was very eerie because they did n't make any sound and they stayed still before moving slowly beyond the horizon .
There were no stars in the sky , just them .
" It was the most extraordinary thing I 've ever seen and the way in which everyone gathered in the street to watch them reminded me of a scene from Independence Day . "
The extraordinary scenes were also witnessed by some of the staff of the One Elm pub .
Chef Kern Griffiths , 26 , said : " I saw five lights , we all thought they were hot air balloons at first because the glowing spheres looked like a burst of flames .
But I could n't see any outline of the balloon itself and they were travelling far too fast .
" Suddenly someone shouted ' look ' and there were these bright dots fizzing across the sky .
" It was weird , they way they moved did look alien .
Some people reckon they 're fireworks but they were lit up in the sky for far too long , the local rugby club say they were lanterns that blew loose over the weekend but these objects were far too fast and too high up .
" They were unlike any aircraft I 've seen .
It 's a mystery . "
Hillary Potter from The British Earth Aerial Mystery Society ( BEAMS ) said they were being inundated with similar calls from across the country but said it was rare for such phenomena to be witnessed by so many people .
She said : " Such incidents have been on the increase recently .
There are reports at the moment coming in from all over the country .
" We 've had many reports of people seeing quite large unidentified objects in the skies .
It 's not going away , It seems these incidents are becoming more bold .
" People do n't know what to do when they witness such sights and that 's what we 're here for .
We take the reports very seriously . "
A Mod Spokesman said : " The MoD does not have any expertise or role in respect of UFOs or flying saucer matters or to the question of the existence of extra terrestrial life forms , about which we remain totally open minded .
" I should add that to date the MoD knows of no evidence which substantiates the existence of these alleged phenomena .
The MoD examines any reports of unidentified flying objects it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have some defence significance .
" Namely whether there is any evidence that the UK air space might have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised foreign military activity .
" Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an external military source , and to date no UFO report has revealed such evidence , we do not attempt to identify the precise nature of each sighting reported to us .
" We believe that rational explanations such as aircraft lights or natural phenomena could be found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose but its not the function of the MoD to provide this kind of aerial identification service . "
Frankie Spray , from Wellesbourne Airfield , just outside Stratford , added : " The lights were nothing to do with us .
None of our aircraft fly at night at this time of year .
" It 's very bizarre but I 've got no explanation as to what the lights were . "
Birmingham Air Space which covers the skies over the town said they had not heard of any unusual activity showing up on the radar .
The film industry is aiming to stop movie piracy
TorrentSpy was taken to court by the Motion Picture Association of America .
A judge made a default ruling in favour of the MPAA after she said the site 's operators had tampered with evidence .
The site had ignored an order to retain server logs and the unique online addresses of computers which traded files using the BitTorrent program .
The ruling could have personal privacy implications because the information TorrentSpy had been told to retain was held in Random Access Memory of computers .
Defendants Justin Bunnell , Forrest Parker , Wes Parker and Valence Media originally had argued that its servers were located in the Netherlands and so were protected by Dutch law from having to turn over server logs .
' Obstreperous ' conduct
The judge then asked for information from the Ram in their computers but the defendants failed in their attempt to argue the data was temporary and therefore could not be retained .
The defendants ' conduct was " obstreperous , " Judge Florence - Marie Cooper wrote in her decision .
" They have engaged in widespread and systematic efforts to destroy evidence and have provided false testimony under oath in a effort to hide evidence of such destruction .
" A substantial number of items of evidence have been destroyed , " she wrote .
" Defendants were on notice that this information would be of importance in this case . "
TorrentSpy 's lawyer Ira Rothken said his clients had concerns about protecting users ' privacy .
TorrentSpy is expected to appeal Judge Cooper 's decision .
A ruling on damages will happen at a later date .
The MPAA , which filed the case against TorrentSpy in February 2006 , welcomed the ruling .
" The court 's decision ... sends a potent message to future defendants that this egregious behaviour will not be tolerated by the judicial system , " John Malcolm , the MPAA 's executive vice president and director of worldwide anti-piracy operations , said in a statement .
" The sole purpose of TorrentSpy and sites like it is to facilitate and promote the unlawful dissemination of copyrighted content .
TorrentSpy is a one - stop shop for copyright infringement . "
Satoshi Kambayashi
FOR several years , the darkest scenarios for the world economy have involved a dollar crash .
The script was simple .
America 's dependence on foreign capital was a dangerous vulnerability .
At some point foreign investors would refuse to pile up ever more dollar assets .
If investors were spooked , say by a crisis in American financial markets , they might ditch dollars fast .
The greenback would plunge .
A tumbling currency would prevent the Fed from cutting interest rates , deepening and spreading the economic pain .
Well , the financial shock has hit but where is the stampede out of dollars ?
The greenback has fallen , to be sure , particularly since it has become clear that the Federal Reserve is likely to cut interest rates on September 18th , and particularly against the yen and the euro — the dollar hit an all - time low of $ 1.39 per euro on Wednesday September 12th and its decline continued on Thursday .
But the decline , so far , has hardly been a panicked rout .
Although the dollar has plumbed historical depths against an index of important currencies , it has fallen by less than 1.5 % since the financial turmoil hit in early August .
Measured against a broader group of currencies that includes all America 's main trading partners , the dollar is little changed from where it was before August 's tumult began .
As the first signs of trouble emerged , the dollar even rose .
To some analysts this confirmed the dollar 's status as a haven in troubled times .
More likely , it was the consequence of unwinding leveraged bets elsewhere .
Whatever the reason , the dollar 's initial buoyancy did not last .
In recent weeks the greenback has slowly fallen and the likely path of interest rates suggests there is more weakness to come .
Recent gloomy job statistics suggested that the economy was weakening well before the credit turmoil hit , and all but sealed the case for a cut in short - term interest rates on September 18th , certainly of a quarter point , perhaps by as much as half a percentage point .
With the European Central Bank hinting strongly that euro - zone interest rates might rise again this year , it is no surprise that the dollar has hit new lows against the euro .
Its path against the yen is harder to foresee .
Japan 's economy , too , seems to be in a spot of bother making it much less likely that the Bank of Japan will raise interest rates in a hurry .
That suggests the carry - trade ( selling borrowed yen to invest elsewhere ) will remain attractive , limiting the yen 's rise .
For true dollar pessimists , these cyclical considerations are only part of the story .
Far more important , they argue , is the risk that the private investors and central banks that have been funding America 's gaping current - account deficit become permanently less keen on dollar assets .
Ken Rogoff , an economist at Harvard University , and a dollar bear , argues that America 's image as a great financial centre has been tarnished by the subprime mess .
The “ mystique ” that has allowed America to borrow lavishly and cheaply has suffered a blow .
The result , he argues , must be a lower dollar and higher interest rates in America relative to the rest of the world .
Indeed , the complex structured - debt products that investors now shun have been an important source of financing for America 's current - account deficit .
In 2006 foreign investors , on net , bought some $ 400 billion of corporate - issued debt ( including mortgage - backed securities not guaranteed by the government - sponsored housing giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) .
That is the equivalent of around half the current - account deficit .
It is hard to know what share of this debt was asset - backed , let alone mortgage - backed but the numbers are big enough that foreign flight from the mortgage - backed market , if not countered by eager buying of other types of American assets , could cause trouble for the dollar .
The lesson of the past few weeks , however , is that this is unlikely to happen all of a sudden .
And if private investors fret , central banks may well pick up the slack .
China , in particular , has little to gain from a dollar crash .
With domestic inflation now at a ten - year high , China 's politicians may be willing to let the yuan rise somewhat faster against the dollar .
But they are unlikely to add to a rout , not least because that would make their exports much less competitive in America .
Another argument against a sudden crash is that the dollar is already quite cheap .
In real effective terms , it has slowly fallen by some 20 % since its recent peak in 2002 .
That decline is already helping to shrink America 's external deficit .
Add in the probability of sharply slower domestic demand in America , and the current - account deficit could shrink a fair bit over the coming months .
A smaller need for foreign funds would itself put a floor under the dollar .
All told , the doom - mongers ' script may play out in reverse .
Instead of a financial crisis prompting a dollar crash , it may accelerate the unwinding of the imbalances that had the worrywarts so unnerved in the first place .
“ Sir Loin ” Watercolor by Kathy Maister 2015 *
Three basic ways to cook steak are …
# 1… You can fry it .
# 2… You can oven roast it the way they do in restaurants .
# 3… You can grill it .
Drawing Credit : The Reluctant Gourmet
OK , take a deep breath and start off with a steak that is at least 1 - inch thick ( strip steak , t- bone , porterhouse , etc. ) — anything thinner will likely dry out , and anything thicker makes it difficult to gauge doneness .
No matter which cooking style you choose , begin by sprinkling the meat with a good dose of salt and pepper .
I also like to take a crushed garlic clove and rub it all over the beef .
If you ’d like , try marinating the steak , but this is n’t necessary for any of the techniques below .
Now , let ’s review our cooking options :
1. Fry :
Simply put , you ’re tossing a hunk of beef into a frying pan .
Fire up a pan on medium heat , and warm up a teaspoon of oil for a minute , and then lay your steak in the pan .
( Make sure you turn on your stovetop fan and keep your pan covered because this tends to be a smoky job . )
A 1 - inch thick steak should cook for about 4 minutes on each side , depending on how you like it cooked .
2. Oven Roasting :
Restaurants often use this method of cooking steak , but it requires two steps :
Pre -heat the oven to 450 degrees F and grab a heavy frying pan that ’s oven - safe ( like one of those black cast iron skillets your mom used to use ) .
Turn the burner or element on high heat , and warm up that skillet until it ’s piping hot .
Drop a teaspoon of oil in the pan and let it heat up
Using tongs , gently put the steak in the pan and sear it for about 90 seconds on each side .
This locks in the juices .
Now , place the pan in the oven to finish cooking .
Roast the meat for 6 - 9 minutes , depending on how you like it cooked .
If you do n’t have an iron skillet , all hope is not lost .
Use a regular frying pan to sear the steak , and then transfer it and all the juices to an oven - safe pan to finish the roasting process .
3. Grill :
This tends to be the method of choice for meat - lovers .
Make sure your barbecue is piping hot ( at least 450 degrees F ) .
Pour a little olive oil on a paper towel or a small brush and rub the grill slats before you lay the steak down .
Once it ’s on the grill , reduce the heat to medium and keep the lid down ( and quit peeking ! )
After 4 - 5 minutes , it ’s time to turn the steak over and let it go another 4 - 5 minutes on the other side .
5 Tips for Cooking a Great Steak :
Decide before you start cooking on how you want the steak done .
A few people like “ blue ” ( near raw ! ) but most tend to prefer their steaks from medium rare to well - done .
If you decide in advance , you ’re more likely to pay attention to it and remove the meat in time .
Try to avoid turning the meat too many times .
Ideally , you should have one flip — two at most .
Resist the temptation to touch the meat too much .
Use a set of tongs to turn the steak .
Poking it with a fork puts holes in it and allows the juice to seep out — and then you ’re just asking for dry beef .
Do n’t mash on the steak with your tongs .
That ’s just as bad as poking it with a fork , and presses out all the juices .
If you ’re testing for doneness , just gently press with the flat part of your tongs .
The harder the meat is , the drier it will be .
Do n’t just gobble up the steak the moment you stop cooking it .
Put it on a plate and let it rest for a few minutes .
You ’ll notice that a lovely juice oozes out as it settles .
* Watercolor of “ Sir Loin ” by Kathy Maister was inspired by Jeremy Paul , wildlife artist
Carnegie Mellon University has redeemed itself by winning the $ 2 m first place prize in the DARPA Urban Challenge .
Stanford University took second and $ 1 m , while Virginia Tech took $ 500 k for third .
Six vehicles of the 11 vehicles finished the sixty - mile course with Stanford , Carnegie Mellon and Virginia Tech all closing within a few minutes of each other .
The robots had to complete a number of different missions , returning to the starting point each time to collect a new task .
Meanwhile , teams from University of Pennsylvania , MIT and Cornell finished as well , although after the alloted six - hour limit .
( You can find our diary of the race here . )
Individual winner aside , the contest proved a success for DARPA and for the advancement of robotics technology .
Just three years ago , similar vehicles failed to travel more than a handful of miles along a desert course .
In that race , the systems were hand - fed GPS points and needed only focus on speed while avoiding stationary targets such as ditches and trees .
One year later , the vehicles mastered those tasks but were unprepared for facing more demanding tasks .
Stanford won the second race , beating out a pair of vehicles produced by longtime robotics powerhouse Carnegie Mellon .
The Stanford victory proved tough for Carnegie Mellon to swallow since the Stanford team is led by Sebastian Thrun - a former student of Carnegie Mellon lead Red Whittaker .
This time Red got his revenge .
In addition to the money , the winning teams received cheesy , giant eagle statues .
Carnegie Mellon had to overcome a bit of adversity to take the victory .
A jumbotron screen near the starting line crippled its GPS receivers .
So , Carnegie Mellon had to replace its receivers and started about thirty minutes late .
DARPA officials said that Carnegie Mellon averaged about 14 mph with Stanford and Virginia Tech slightly under that .
The Winners - Stanford ( left ) , VT ( middle ) and CMU ( right )
Over the span of two years , the university teams have been the ones to show the most progress .
Boosted by millions of dollars in government and corporate aid , the academics have crafted systems that can share the road with human drivers .
The robots know how to take their turn at a four - way stop .
They know how to follow traffic laws such as flashing their indicators when passing a slower car , and they can , for example , mimic the task of taking off from a garage to pick up a jug of milk and then return home .
Would these robots fare well on the busy streets of a real city ?
No .
In fact , even the winning teams suffered from the repeated stops and starts generated by confusion .
Some cars would perform great , weaving through one way streets and intersections only to come to a complete halt in the middle of an open road .
Happy Carnegie Mellons
We 'll be damned though if the day when you could flip your car into automatic mode while stuck in bumper - to - bumper traffic is n't far off .
You 'd still be lodged in the hell that is rush hour , but at least you could watch some TV or read a book during the process .
Such a practical use of robotics technology could serve as a great boon for an industry that has relied more on fantasy than practical application for its charming aura .
DARPA too benefits from this endeavor .
The agency looked the clown in 2004 when it bumbled through the Grand Challenge , allowing too many teams to participate , changing rules at a whim and celebrating a $ 1 m first - of - its - kind race that resulted in a stream of negative press reports .
The organization must look better in the eyes of Washington officials now that it 's figured out how to control the qualification events and overall structure of the race to almost ensure some sort of victory .
Six teams finishing this more complex event beats out the five finishing the 2005 challenge by a significant margin .
CREW : White House lost at least 10 million e-mails Nick Juliano
Published : Monday December 3 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email
This Doubles previous estimate of extent of communications improperly deleted
They could be anything from spam offering male enhancement to furtive exchanges of political strategy with convicted lobbyists , but observers say the White House deleted more than twice as many e-mails as previous estimates , bringing the total number of missing communications involving administration aides like Karl Rove and others to higher than 10 million .
Anne Weismann , the top lawyer for a watchdog group suing the White House , said sources close to Congressional and private investigations doubled previous estimates of the number of deleted e-mails .
" I will tell you , by the way , that it 's way higher than five million , " Weismann , chief counsel for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington told ChannelWeb .
" It 's more than 10 million . " CREW and another open - government watchdog , the National Security Archive , have joined forces to force the government to restore the millions of e-mails that were improperly deleted .
Last month , the pair scored a legal victory in convincing a judge to order the White House to retain backup tapes that contain archived copies of the deleted e-mails .
The Temporary Restraining Order required the Executive Office of the President to maintain copies of all the backup tapes it has , although CREW lawyers cannot say how many of the missing e-mails have been preserved for future historians .
" I have a sinking fear that the backups we want have been overwritten .
Millions of e-mails , gone .
Obviously , if they 're already destroyed ... " she told the Web site , trailing off .
Michigan Highways >
In Depth > The Michigan Left
The Michigan Left
Contents : Introduction | How it Works | History | Photos & Plans | Other Thoughts
Often maligned , often misunderstood , the Michigan Left turn is an operation which causes much consternation among out - of - state drivers and nary a second thought from locals .
Developed in Michigan in 1960 ( see History ) , these turning set - ups exist across the entire state , from Niles to Escanaba and from Detroit to Marquette .
( Yes , the Upper Peninsula has Michigan Lefts !
At last check , about 30 individual turnarounds . )
As of 2010 , one MDOT document noted , " In Michigan , there are more than 425 miles of median with directional crossovers on the state highway system . "
The Michigan Left was developed to avoid the interlocking left - turn movements along divided highways .
In this way , the only turning movements allowed at such an intersection are right - hand turns .
Traffic lights can be placed at busier Michigan Left intersections if warranted .
For the most heavily - used " crossovers , " specialized traffic signals may be placed to ensure traffic does not back up on the highway waiting to turn left .
The Michigan Left is often railed against by visitors and those moving to Michigan from other areas .
While it is often contrasted with other intersection improvement solutions , such as the New Jersey Jughandle , New England rotaries , the standard roundabout , and even grade - separated interchanges , studies over the past 50 years keep proving the Michigan Left 's worth .
Those studies show the average wait times at Michigan Left intersections are much shorter than if that same intersection had a traditional four - phase traffic signal with protected left - turn movements .
Plus , the types of collisions which occur at Michigan Left intersections cause less damage , fewer injuries , and costs drivers less .
Additionally , the National Highway Institute Research Center reports that " nearly 75 % of all access - related crashes [ to and from driveways from the main highway ] are left turns .
The left - turn movement into a driveway , without the benefit of a signal , accounts for 47 % of the crashed associated with driveways .
Twenty - seven percent of the crashes were turning left out of the driveway .
Only 26 % of driveway crashes are right - turns ( with 16 % in and 10 % out ) . "
( See graphic at left . )
As for those who constantly complain and insult the traffic engineers who continue to install Michigan Lefts , think about it this way :
If Michigan Lefts were truly judged to be more dangerous or ineffective at their purpose , why are they still proliferating a half century later ?
And why are so many more states and other nations around the world using them or slight variations of them ?
Hmmm ...
How it Works
Red Line traffic on the divided highway cannot turn left directly at the crossroad intersection .
To accomplish the left turn , the divided highway traffic moved to the left lane , continues past the crossroad , and turns left into a " median crossover , " usually placed about 660 feet beyond the intersection .
When traffic clears sufficiently , the left turn onto the opposite direction of the divided highway is completed .
The driver then moves to the right lane and turns right onto the crossroad , thus completing the traffic movement .
Green Line traffic on the crossroad wishing to turn left onto the divided highway first turns right onto that highway , moves to the left lane and turns left into the " median crossover " approximately 660 feet from the intersection .
When traffic clears sufficiently , the left turn onto the opposite direction of the divided highway is completed .
History of the Michigan Left
The following is excerpted from the publication " The State of Michigan Trunk Line Story , " Third Edition , by Stanley D. Lingeman , P.E. Fellow Member , August 15 , 1996 .
From the second chapter titled " U.S. and Super Highways , " Mr. Lingeman relates just how the Michigan Left came to be :
The Super Highway , which was originally designed for use in the Detroit area as part of the United States Highway Program of the late 1920s , proved with time to have some operational problems that developed from the traffic growth following World War II .
In 1960 , in order to avoid the interlocking of left - turn movements , a number of major intersections along Telegraph Road [ US - 24 ] in Wayne County were designed as Super Highway with directional crossovers .
The purpose of the directional crossovers was to remove the left turns from the major intersections .
The crossovers were placed in the median island about 350 feet from the cross street .
Joseph Hobrla , the Department 's Signal Engineer , was dissatisfied with the traffic flow characteristics of these intersections on Telegraph Road .
He and Joseph Marlow , the District Traffic Engineer [ for the State Highway Department ] , decided to experiment with the westbound Eight Mile Road [ M - 102 ] left turn at Livernois Avenue in Detroit .
A directional left - turn crossover was constructed in the median of Eight Mile Road at a point 660 feet west of Livernois .
A traffic signal was placed on eastbound Eight Mile Road at Livernois to handle the right - turn movement .
The operation has proved to be so successful that 700 directional crossovers have been constructed on the trunk line system throughout the state .
The Michigan Left turn treatment continues to be implemented around the state whenever deemed necessary to improve the flow of traffic .
In the early 1990s , for example , M - 44 / East Beltline Ave in the Grand Rapids area , from I - 96 northerly to Plainfield Ave , was completely reconstructed as a divided highway with Michigan Left crossovers .
Also in West Michigan , US - 31 from Holland to Grand Haven is slowly being upgraded to include Michigan Lefts at the busier intersections .
Although Michigan has been using the Michigan Left treatment for over five decades , other states had been slow to experiment with this type of traffic control .
However , in recent years other states and municipalities have begun to implement Michigan Lefts due to shrinking transportation budgets and increasing traffic congestion .
For example , the North Carolina Department of Transportation has been actively implementing Michigan Lefts as a part of their " Superstreet " program and municipalities in Arizona have gone so far as to rename them as " Arizona Boulevard " turns .
Photos & Plans
Other Thoughts
( Adds Sarkozy ’s TV appearance on Thursday )
PARIS , Nov 28 ( Reuters ) -
Angry students , mayors of riot - hit suburbs and consumers suffering from rising prices are demanding money from French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Slow growth and tax cuts mean he does not have enough to satisfy them .
“ There is no money available in the state budget , ” Philippe Marini , senator in Sarkozy ’s UMP party , told Le Figaro .
“ We must not delude ourselves by looking in the state budget for things that can not be found . ”
In Paris housing estates where youths clashed with police this week , officials say they need more cash to tackle unemployment and improve schools and housing .
Students blockading universities want extra money to back education reform .
Transport workers who went on strike this month want higher salaries to compensate for pension cuts .
Consumers are also awaiting measures Sarkozy will announce on television on Thursday aimed at putting more money in their pockets .
The 2008 budget will include some 9 billion euros ( $ 13.3 billion ) in tax cuts Sarkozy promised during his election campaign to help homeowners , students and encourage overtime work .
But economists say that if the government spends any more money it will send the deficit soaring , hurt the economy and draw more fire from the European Union .
“ There is no more money .
The government has to find solutions that do n’t cost anything , ” said Nicolas Bouzou , economist at Asteres consultancy .
The government is predicting a deficit of 2.3 percent of gross domestic product next year , down from 2.4 percent in 2007 .
That is based on a growth forecast of 2.0 to 2.5 percent that economists and the European Commission say is unrealistic .
“ The budget for next year is very tight .
We ’re now estimating they will overshoot the budget by a huge margin , giving a deficit of 3.1 percent , ” said Alexander Law , economist at Xerfi consultancy .
FOOD AND FUEL
Breaching the European Commission ’s 3.0 percent deficit limit when France takes over the EU presidency in July would be an embarrassment that would undermine French credibility .
In his campaign for the May presidential election , Sarkozy promised to be the president of “ purchasing power ” .
Although official statistics show purchasing power has improved , polls show French people are worried about rising living costs , notably higher petrol , housing and food prices .
This has hurt consumer spending , the main driver of the French economy .
Le Figaro newspaper said Sarkozy could freeze gas prices and government spokesman Laurent Wauquiez said on Sunday he could pressure banks and mobile phone firms to cut their charges , all measures that would require no extra government spending .
“ The CFDT ( union ) is expecting some serious gestures in terms of housing , transport and health , three areas of spending which are weighing more and more in household budgets , ” the union ’s leader Francois Chereque told Le Parisien newspaper .
Sensing the government ’s problems , the opposition Socialists have called for a 50 percent rise in a subsidy that encourages people to remain in work .
( Reporting by Anna Willard ; Editing by Jon Boyle and Robert Woodward )
As the Supreme Court prepares once more to consider whether the detainees at Guantánamo have habeas corpus rights –- a cornerstone of civilization and a principle established 800 years ago in England , giving prisoners the right to challenge the basis of their detention in court –- Andy Worthington looks at the key arguments in what Law.com has described as “ perhaps the most important habeas corpus case in modern history . ”
On December 5 , the nine justices of the Supreme Court will hear arguments from the government , represented by a team led by US Solicitor General Paul D. Clement , and from lawyers for the detainees , whose cases –- Al Odah v. United States and Boumediene v. Bush –- will be put forward by Seth P. Waxman , a former US Solicitor General , who is now a partner in the law firm Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr .
The detainees ’ main briefs are backed up by more than two dozen amicus briefs looking at various aspects of the cases , which have been filed by a wide range of legal experts , including such veterans of the Guantánamo legislation as Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights , and Tom Wilner of Shearman and Sterling .
At stake is whether or not Congress acted unconstitutionally in passing the Military Commissions Act of 2006 ( MCA ) , which established Military Commissions to try “ enemy combatants ” held at Guantánamo , and also stripped the US courts of their right to hear habeas corpus petitions filed by the Guantánamo detainees .
The MCA was itself a response to two previous Supreme Court decisions : Rasul v. Bush , in June 2004 , and Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , in June 2006 .
In Rasul , the justices ruled , by a majority of 6 - 3 , that the Guantánamo prisoners had the right to challenge the legal limbo in which they were held , and demolished the administration ’s long - cherished belief that Guantánamo –- which was specifically chosen as the venue for a “ War on Terror ” prison because it was presumed to be beyond the reach of the US courts –- did not count as US territory .
“ They are not nationals of countries at war with the United States , ” the judges declared , “ and they deny that they have engaged in or plotted acts of aggression against this country ; they have never been afforded access to any tribunal , much less charged with and convicted of wrongdoing ; and for more than two years they have been imprisoned in territory over which the United States exercises exclusive jurisdiction and control . ”
In his majority opinion , Justice John Paul Stevens emphasized the importance of habeas corpus , citing a 1945 case in which it was described as “ a writ antecedent to statute … throwing its roots deep into the genius of our common law , ” and a 1953 case dealing specifically with the detention of aliens in US custody : “ Executive imprisonment has been considered oppressive and lawless since John , at Runnymede , pledged that no free man should be imprisoned , dispossessed , outlawed or exiled save by the judgment of his peers or by the law of the land .
The judges of England developed the writ of habeas corpus largely to preserve these immunities from executive restraint . ”
In Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , which focused on the case of Salim Hamdan , a Yemeni who was one of Osama bin Laden ’s drivers in Afghanistan , the justices of the Supreme Court delivered an equally damning verdict on the legitimacy of putting the detainees forward for trial by Military Commission .
This system of show trials was dreamt up by Vice President Dick Cheney and his advisors , including David Addington , and established in a document known as Military Order No. 1 , which was approved with no Congressional oversight whatsoever in November 2001 .
It authorized indefinite detention without due process for “ enemy combatants , ” and established ground rules for the Commissions that drew widespread criticism from lawyers and human rights activists , for several obvious reasons .
These included the fact that the juries and presiding officers would be hand - picked by the administration , that evidence obtained through hearsay or torture would be allowed , and that both the accused and his lawyers could be prevented from seeing certain evidence .
By a majority of 5 - 3 , the justices ruled that that the Military Commissions were illegal under US law and the Geneva Conventions .
Concluding that Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions –- which forbids “ cruel treatment and torture ” and “ outrages upon personal dignity , in particular humiliating and degrading treatment ” –- was “ applicable ” to Hamdan and others facing Military Commissions , Justice Stevens stated that it was Hamdan ’s right to be tried by a “ regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples . ”
By confirming the importance of Common Article 3 , the Supreme Court struck at the heart of the administration ’s novel and unprecedented flight from domestic and international law .
Justice Anthony Kennedy spelled out this position even more clearly , warning the administration that “ violations of Common Article 3 are considered ‘ war crimes , ’ punishable as federal offences , when committed by … United States nationals and military personnel . ”
In the case of Rasul v. Bush , the government responded by allowing the detainees to have access to lawyers , for the first time in over two and a half years of isolated detention , but ignored the main thrust of the verdict –- that they should have access to the US courts –- by establishing military reviews at Guantánamo , known as Combatant Status Review Tribunals ( CSRTs ) , which were blatantly unlawful .
Designed merely to review whether or not the detainees had been correctly designated as “ enemy combatants ” when they arrived in US custody – mostly between 2001 and 2003 , and mostly delivered by the US military ’s allies in Afghanistan and Pakistan at a time when bounty payments for al - Qaeda and Taliban suspects were prevalent – the CSRTs prevented the detainees from being represented by lawyers , and , like the Commissions , relied on classified evidence , which was not revealed to the detainees and which , moreover , was just as readily obtained through the torture , coercion and bribery of other detainees .
In response to Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , the government seized on a comment made by Justice Stephen Breyer –- “ Nothing prevents the President from returning to Congress to seek the authority he believes necessary [ to reestablish the Commissions ] ” –- by doing just that , pushing the MCA through a supine Congress just three months later , reestablishing the reviled Military Commissions and , for good measure , stripping the detainees of their habeas rights .
Although the MCA was challenged in April this year , when the justices of the Supreme Court chose to delay judgment on the cases , allowing time for a limited review of the detainees ’ cases to proceed under the terms of the Detainee Treatment Act ( another flawed piece of anti-terror legislation , passed in 2005 ) , the road to Wednesday ’s momentous Supreme Court hearing opened up just two months later , when , reversing itself for the first time in 60 years , the Supreme Court agreed to hear the detainees ’ arguments once more .
Commentators credited this extraordinary change of heart to the explosive revelations contained in an affidavit filed in Al - Odah v. United States by Lt. Col.
Stephen Abraham , a military intelligence officer with 20 years ’ experience , who was involved in compiling the “ evidence ” for the CSRTs .
In a comprehensive hatchet job , Lt. Col .
Abraham described the tribunals as severely flawed , relying on intelligence “ of a generalized nature –- often outdated , often ‘ generic , ’ rarely specifically relating to the individual subjects of the CSRTs or to the circumstances related to those individuals ’ status . ”
In addition , he insisted that the process was designed to rubber - stamp the detainees ’ prior designation as “ enemy combatants , ” and this was confirmed when it became apparent that several detainees had been subjected to second or third CSRTs when the verdict in the first did not meet with the administration ’s approval .
Lt. Col .
Abraham later revealed that two of his former colleagues had supported his statements , and in September another whistleblower , an Army major who had been a tribunal member on 49 of the 558 CSRTs , also spoke out , confirming Abraham ’s complaints about both the gathering of intelligence and the reconvening of tribunals .
The revelations of Lt. Col .
Abraham and his colleagues have returned the issue of the detainees ’ indefinite detention to center stage , just as it was three and a half years ago in Rasul v. Bush .
In his argument on Wednesday , Seth Waxman will explain that the MCA is unconstitutional , and will point out that rulings made by the Supreme Court back in the summer of 2004 are still applicable .
His brief states that , in Rasul , “ this court ruled that noncitizens detained by the United States military at Guantánamo Bay have access to the writ of habeas corpus , a conclusion informed by the Court ’s analysis of the common law writ , ” and that the government has offered “ no persuasive rebuttal to the Court ’s reading of history . ”
Waxman ’s brief also refutes “ the government ’s reliance on cases declining to grant habeas relief ” as they relate to “ prisoners of war , ” and he reiterates the point made by the Supreme Court in Rasul : “ Petitioners maintain that they are not enemy soldiers subject to military detention .
Unlike prisoners of war in traditional armed conflicts – where it is usually clear or undisputed that the prisoners are in fact detainable enemy soldiers – Petitioners are civilians from a friendly nation who were abducted by the government far from any theater of war and have never engaged in armed hostilities against the United States . ”
Whilst it seems from this argument that the Supreme Court will have no choice but to reiterate its 2004 verdict , Joanne Mariner , Terrorism and Counterterrorism Director at Human Rights Watch , has pointed out that the justices are in fact being asked to decide “ whether prisoners at Guantánamo enjoy a constitutional right of habeas corpus ( in other words , whether the Rasul decision was grounded in the Constitution , or whether it had mere statutory grounds ) . ”
If they agree that habeas corpus is a constitutional right –- as the Constitution ’s Framers clearly intended it to be , ruling that it can only be suspended in “ cases of rebellion or invasion ” –- Mariner notes that they may then assess not only whether Congress “ meant to suspend the right , ” but whether , indeed , the nation ’s politicians actually “ had the power to do so . ”
Mariner also observes that the justices may rule on whether Congress , in allowing for limited federal court review of the CSRTs ( in the Detainee Treatment Act ) , has provided the detainees with an “ adequate substitute ” for the right of habeas corpus , which , as she adds , is where “ kangaroo courts ” –- the tribunals , as demolished by Lt. Col.
Abraham –- “ come into the picture . ”
Although no decision is expected before spring 2008 , tomorrow ’s hearing is indeed of colossal importance , not only to the detainees in Guantánamo , many of whom are about to start their seventh year of imprisonment without charge or trial , but also to the government ’s assertion that it is entitled to pursue these policies without any significant judicial oversight .
As Britain ’s Financial Times noted in a recent editorial , “ American democracy is based on the optimistic notion that all three branches of government will not do the wrong thing , all at the same time .
The president and even Congress might step over the line –- but if they do , the US Supreme Court is there to restore the rule of law over the mistakes of men . ”
Although the Bush administration has attempted to shift the Supreme Court to the right –- and to its own point of view –- in its two most recent appointments , the justices have repeatedly shown , as Suzanna Sherry , a professor at Vanderbilt University Law School , explained , that their job is “ to balance the need to prevent terrorism with individual rights . ”
They are also clearly aware of their own right not to be shunted aside by an executive that demands the freedom to operate without any restraint whatsoever .
Dennis Hutchinson , a professor at the University of Chicago Law School , summed up this attitude in a single line that those campaigning for the detainees ’ rights must be hoping is particularly applicable : “ The Court does n’t like to be told , ‘ You do n’t have a role to play here . ’ ”
This article draws on passages in my book The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed .
As published on CounterPunch and the Huffington Post .
See the following for a sequence of articles dealing with the crucial testimony of Lt. Col .
Stephen Abraham and other Guantánamo whistleblowers : Guantánamo whistleblowers : Lt. Col. Stephen Abraham is not the first insider to condemn the kangaroo courts ( July 2007 ) , The Guantánamo whistleblower , a Libyan shopkeeper , some Chinese Muslims and a desperate government ( July 2007 ) , Guantánamo : more whistleblowers condemn the tribunals ( August 2007 ) , A New Guantánamo Whistleblower Steps Forward to Criticize the Tribunal Process ( October 2007 ) , Guantánamo whistleblower launches new attack on rigged tribunals ( November 2007 ) , Guantánamo and the Supreme Court : What Happened ?
( December 2007 ) , Guantánamo whistleblower Stephen Abraham addresses European Parliament ( March 2008 ) , The Supreme Court ’s Guantánamo ruling : what does it mean ?
( June 2008 ) , An interview with Guantánamo whistleblower Stephen Abraham ( Part One ) ( December 2008 ) , An interview with Guantánamo whistleblower Stephen Abraham ( Part Two ) ( December 2008 ) , Guantánamo : Lies , Damned Lies and Statistics ( February 2009 ) .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the Guantánamo habeas cases , see : Guantánamo as Alice in Wonderland ( Uighurs ’ first court victory , June 2008 ) , What ’s Happening with the Guantánamo cases ?
( July 2008 ) , Government Says Six Years Is Not Long Enough To Prepare Evidence ( September 2008 ) , From Guantánamo to the United States : The Story of the Wrongly Imprisoned Uighurs ( October 2008 ) , Guantánamo Uyghurs ’ resettlement prospects skewered by Justice Department lies ( October 2008 ) , Guilt By Torture : Binyam Mohamed ’s Transatlantic Quest for Justice ( November 2008 ) , After 7 Years , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo Kidnap Victims ( November 2008 ) , Is Robert Gates Guilty of Perjury in Guantánamo Torture Case ?
( December 2008 ) , A New Year Message to Barack Obama : Free the Guantánamo Uighurs ( January 2009 ) , The Top Ten Judges of 2008 ( January 2009 ) , No End in Sight for the “ Enemy Combatants ” of Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( January 2009 ) , How Cooking For The Taliban Gets You Life In Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Bad News And Good News For The Guantánamo Uighurs ( February 2009 ) , The Nobodies Formerly Known As Enemy Combatants ( March 2009 ) , Farce at Guantánamo , as cleared prisoner ’s habeas petition is denied ( April 2009 ) , Obama ’s First 100 Days : A Start On Guantánamo , But Not Enough ( May 2009 ) , Judge Condemns “ Mosaic ” Of Guantánamo Intelligence , And Unreliable Witnesses ( May 2009 ) , Pain At Guantánamo And Paralysis In Government ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo : A Prison Built On Lies ( May 2009 ) , Free The Guantánamo Uighurs ! ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part One ) : Exposing The Bush Administration ’s Lies ( July 2009 ) , Obama ’s Failure To Deliver Justice To The Last Tajik In Guantánamo ( July 2009 ) , Obama And The Deadline For Closing Guantánamo :
It ’s Worse Than You Think ( July 2009 ) , How Judge Huvelle Humiliated The Government In Guantánamo Case ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , As Judge Orders Release Of Tortured Guantánamo Prisoner , Government Refuses To Concede Defeat ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , Guantánamo As Hotel California : You Can Check Out Any Time You Like , But You Can Never Leave ( August 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release From Guantánamo Of Kuwaiti Charity Worker ( August 2009 ) .
Also see : Justice extends to Bagram , Guantánamo ’s Dark Mirror ( April 2009 ) , Judge Rules That Afghan “ Rendered ” To Bagram In 2002 Has No Rights ( July 2009 ) .
Dandelion Salad
setfree69
One of Benazir Bhuttos Aides has pured scorn on the Pakistan Governments explanation of her assassination .
Towards the end of this video is a slowed down video of her last moments SHOWING that there was evidence of activity just before the bomb exploded that would suggest there WAS gunfire .
Added : December 29 , 2007
I ’m not far away from entering the job market again .
This means , of course , the joy of job interviews .
As a contractor I go through more job interviews in about two years than most people do in their lifetimes .
As a result I ’m quite good at all the bullshit that ’s required .
One of the key things that you learn from doing hundreds of job interviews is how useless the whole process is .
I suppose you can weed out the absurdly unqualified ( programmers who ca n’t complete basic programming tasks , business analysts who ca n’t form a coherent sentence ) however , they ’re all but useless for finding the best person for the job .
Really , interviews are little more than a thinly disguised popularity contest .
Who would the interviewers most want to spend time with ?
If a workplace can actually admit that ’s their hiring process and it ’s done right , this is actually a pretty good way to recruit people .
After all , why hire people you ca n’t stand to be around ?
But hardly anyone admits this .
So you end up with this standard way of doing interviews with more or less standard questions because of course this will produce standardised results .
Except it does n’t .
Interviewers ask stupid questions , interviewees lie in response and interviewers make an arbitrary decision .
And so the world keeps turning .
Here ’s a few of the questions I ’ve had to answer hundreds of times with the kind of honest answer I wish I could get away with giving :
Q : What did you do in your last position ?
A : Kept my contempt for my moronic manager concealed for long enough to complete the required work and get out without killing anyone .
Q : How do you deal with difficult co-workers ?
A : I ’ve mastered the ability to speak calmly while fixing them with a stare that makes it clear I ’d step on their throat and crush their fucking windpipe if there were no witnesses .
Q : What pay rate do you want ?
A : What do I want ?
About double what you ’re prepared to pay me .
Can we stop pretending you care what I want ?
Q : What would you say is your best quality ?
A : The ability to work with morons without killing them .
Q : What would you say is your worst quality ?
A : The inability to take stupid fucking questions like that seriously .
What do you expect me to say ?
That I ’m a pathological liar , thief , addicted to crystal meth and prone to violent outbursts ?
Q : That ’s all the questions we have , do you have any questions ?
A : Yeah , why do you ask such stupid fucking questions ?
Seriously , did you have to fail an intelligence test to get your job ?
For those suffering from sarcasm blindness ( an unfortunately widespread condition ) I do n’t actually say those things in interviews .
9 times out of 10 I can work out exactly what an interviewer wants to hear and I ’m an accomplished liar .
I think the interviewers know that too .
It ’s just that , if I fuck up , they like to be able to say “ but he interviewed so well … ”
Migrant workers :
Key to agriculture in Cambridgeshire
Migrant dons uniform
Julie Spence of Cambridgeshire Police says a dramatic change in the make - up of the population in the county had meant new challenges for her officers .
For example , in the space of one year , drink - drive figures showed a 17 - fold rise in arrests of foreigners .
Since 2004 , 83,000 East Europeans have registered to work in Eastern England .
The Home Office said it has launched a forum to gauge concerns around the UK about the impact of migrants but cautioned against singling out one section of society and blaming it for crime .
Figures compiled for the Cambridgeshire police force predict immigration will continue to have a greater impact on population growth than " natural " change .
TOP FIVE NON -UK NATIONALITIES ARRESTED IN CAMBRIDGESHIRE IN 2006 Lithuania Poland Portugal
No proof of citizenship Slovakia
Introducing an in - depth report into the impact of migration , Mrs Spence said the county had changed dramatically .
Police officers were now dealing with close to 100 languages without having the right skills - a situation which had landed the force with a translation bill of at least £ 800,000 .
The force had also seen rises in some crimes which could be directly associated with migration .
These included drink - driving involving foreign nationals and the emergence of an " international dimension " to crimes including cannabis production , human trafficking and credit card skimming .
Mrs Spence said knife crime was another problem area .
She told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme a lot of people who carried knives for protection in their home country believe they can do the same in the UK .
While the economic benefits of growth are clear we need to maintain the basic public services infrastructure which means increasing the number of officers we have
Chief Constable Julie Spence
Impact of migrants Reaction to migrant impacts
" They do n't necessarily come here to commit crime but they need to be told what they can and can't do . "
She added that ongoing feuds can also be brought into the country .
" We recently had a murder that was Lithuanian on Lithuanian and it could have happened in Lithuania but it did n't , " she said .
Immigration Minister Liam Byrne said it was " vital " to consider the social impact of immigration when making migration decisions .
" It 's because we want to hear voices like Julie Spence 's that I set up the Migrant Impacts Forum so public services can help shape our tough points system which is introduced in around 150 days ' time .
" It 's also important that those we welcome into the UK understand our traditions , learn English and use our language .
" Cambridgeshire has had something like a 20 % boost in their funding in real terms over the last decade , and actually crime in Cambridgeshire is down , and down significantly , by about 20 % in fact .
" So I think we 've just got to be quite careful about singling out any particular section of society and pinning the blame for crime on them . "
Peter Fahey of the Association of Chief Police Officers , who speaks on race and diversity , said police forces were facing a huge increase in budget for interpreters .
" Not just because of foreign people being arrested , but obviously because of people ¿ being victims of crime and we still need interpreters to get a full account of what 's happened . "
In response to Mrs Spence 's statement , Peter Conniff , chairman of the police authority in neighbouring county Bedfordshire expressed similar concerns .
But BBC home affairs correspondent Andy Tighe said it was " unusual " that the Cambridgeshire force was prepared to make its controversial comments about the problems caused by the number of foreign workers living in the area .
The force 's report warned that officers had seen increases in " critical incidents " and tensions within some communities fuelled by local resentment towards newcomers .
It said that outdated population figures meant the force was attempting to deal with new challenges with inadequate resources .
That warning echoes concerns raised by some other local authorities which say levels of public service funding are not taking into account changes caused by immigration .
HAVE YOUR SAY
I work in the health service and we are experiencing the same problems
Linda Crisp , London
Send us your comments
Mrs Spence said : " We 've been short - changed for a number of years , losing money as the population continues to grow .
" The profile of the county has changed dramatically and this simply is n't taken into account when the government allocates funding .
" While the economic benefits of growth are clear we need to maintain the basic public services infrastructure which means increasing the number of officers we have . "
Research into migrant workers has shown they are playing an increasingly pivotal role in some regions where employers say they struggle to recruit .
The food industry is one of these key sectors , with major farming - related employers in Cambridgeshire and neighbouring counties actively seeking Eastern European workers to cover labour shortages .
Like what you see !
You may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
GpsEd is a FREE location based service which helps you to trace you tracks in real time on google maps and the information is stored in an online archive .
The service is compatible with any mobile cell phone that can record tracks in GSM , Edge , WiFi or 3G .
The service application also features simple geotagging and it is also possible to pin pictures to a map precisely where they were taken .
With Gpsed you can :
Map GPS tracks from your mobile and keep them in a personal archive
Pin your photos to a map with one - click geotagging feature
Share your position and tracks with friends and family
If you can check the compatibility of your phone to see if it works with Gpsed .
Check out this new service here .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
1 On the morning of Thursday , 4 May 2006 , the United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence held an open hearing entitled “ Terrorist Use of the Internet . ”
The Intelligence committee meeting was scheduled to take place in Room 1302 of the Longworth Office Building , a Depression - era structure with a neoclassical façade .
Because of a dysfunctional elevator , some of the congressional representatives were late to the meeting .
During the testimony about the newest political applications for cutting - edge digital technology , the microphones periodically malfunctioned , and witnesses complained of “ technical problems ” several times .
2 By the end of the day it seemed that what was to be remembered about the hearing was the shocking revelation that terrorists were using videogames to recruit young jihadists .
The Associated Press wrote a short , restrained article about the hearing that only mentioned “ computer games and recruitment videos ” in passing .
Eager to have their version of the news item picked up , Reuters made videogames the focus of their coverage with a headline that announced , “ Islamists Using US Videogames in Youth Appeal . ”
3 Like a game of telephone , as the Reuters videogame story was quickly re-run by several Internet news services , each iteration of the title seemed less true to the exact language of the original .
One Internet news service changed the headline to “ Islamic militants recruit using U.S. video games . ”
Fox
News re-titled the story again to emphasise that this alert about technological manipulation was coming from recognised specialists in the anti-terrorism surveillance field : “ Experts : Islamic Militants Customizing Violent Video Games . ”
4As the story circulated , the body of the article remained largely unchanged , in which the Reuters reporter described the digital materials from Islamic extremists that were shown at the congressional hearing .
During the segment that apparently most captured the attention of the wire service reporters , eerie music played as an English - speaking narrator condemned the “ infidel ” and declared that he had “ put a jihad ” on them , as aerial shots moved over 3D computer - generated images of flaming oil facilities and mosques covered with geometric designs .
Suddenly , this menacing voice - over was interrupted by an explosion , as a virtual rocket was launched into a simulated military helicopter .
The Reuters reporter shared this dystopian vision from cyberspace with Western audiences by quoting directly from the chilling commentary and describing a dissonant montage of images and remixed sound .
5
“ I was just a boy when the infidels came to my village in Blackhawk helicopters , ” a narrator ’s voice said as the screen flashed between images of street - level gunfights , explosions and helicopter assaults .
6
Then came a recording of President George W. Bush ’s September 16 , 2001 , statement : “ This crusade , this war on terrorism , is going to take a while . ”
It was edited to repeat the word “ crusade , ” which Muslims often define as an attack on Islam by Christianity .
7 According to the news reports , the key piece of evidence before Congress seemed to be a film by “ SonicJihad ” of recorded videogame play , which – according to the experts – was widely distributed online .
Much of the clip takes place from the point of view of a first - person shooter , seen as if through the eyes of an armed insurgent , but the viewer also periodically sees third - person action in which the player appears as a running figure wearing a red- and - white checked keffiyeh , who dashes toward the screen with a rocket launcher balanced on his shoulder .
Significantly , another of the player ’s hand - held weapons is a detonator that triggers remote blasts .
As jaunty music plays , helicopters , tanks , and armoured vehicles burst into smoke and flame .
Finally , at the triumphant ending of the video , a green and white flag bearing a crescent is hoisted aloft into the sky to signify victory by Islamic forces .
8 To explain the existence of this digital alternative history in which jihadists could be conquerors , the Reuters story described the deviousness of the country ’s terrorist opponents , who were now apparently modifying popular videogames through their wizardry and inserting anti-American , pro-insurgency content into U.S. - made consumer technology .
9
One of the latest video games modified by militants is the popular “ Battlefield 2 ” from leading video game publisher , Electronic Arts Inc of Redwood City , California .
10
Jeff Brown , a spokesman for Electronic Arts , said enthusiasts often write software modifications , known as “ mods , ” to video games .
11
“ Millions of people create mods on games around the world , ” he said .
“ We have absolutely no control over them .
It ’s like drawing a mustache on a picture . ”
12 Although the Electronic Arts executive dismissed the activities of modders as a “ mustache on a picture ” that could only be considered little more than childish vandalism of their off - the - shelf corporate product , others saw a more serious form of criminality at work .
Testifying experts and the legislators listening on the committee used the video to call for greater Internet surveillance efforts and electronic counter - measures .
13 Within twenty - four hours of the sensationalistic news breaking , however , a group of Battlefield 2 fans was crowing about the idiocy of reporters .
The game play footage was n’t from a high - tech modification of the software by Islamic extremists ; it had been posted on a Planet Battlefield forum the previous December of 2005 by a game fan who had cut together regular game play with a Bush remix and a parody snippet of the soundtrack from the 2004 hit comedy film Team America .
The voice describing the Black Hawk helicopters was the voice of Trey Parker of South Park cartoon fame , and – much to Parker ’s amusement – even the mention of “ goats screaming ” did not clue spectators in to the fact of a comic source .
14Ironically , the moment in the movie from which the sound clip is excerpted is one about intelligence gathering .
As an agent of Team America , a fictional elite U.S. commando squad , the hero of the film ’s all - puppet cast , Gary Johnston , is impersonating a jihadist radical inside a hostile Egyptian tavern that is modelled on the cantina scene from Star Wars .
Additional laughs come from the fact that agent Johnston is accepted by the menacing terrorist cell as “ Hakmed , ” despite the fact that he utters a series of improbable clichés made up of incoherent stereotypes about life in the Middle East while dressed up in a disguise made up of shoe polish and a turban from a bathroom towel .
15 The man behind the “ SonicJihad ” pseudonym turned out to be a twenty - five - year - old hospital administrator named Samir , and what reporters and representatives saw was nothing more exotic than game play from an add - on expansion pack of Battlefield 2 , which – like other versions of the game – allows first - person shooter play from the position of the opponent as a standard feature .
While SonicJihad initially joined his fellow gamers in ridiculing the mainstream media , he also expressed astonishment and outrage about a larger politics of reception .
In one interview he argued that the media illiteracy of Reuters potentially enabled a whole series of category errors , in which harmless gamers could be demonised as terrorists .
16
It was n’t intended for the purpose what it was portrayed to be by the media .
So no I do n’t regret making a funny video . . . why should I ?
The only thing I regret is thinking that news from Reuters was objective and always right .
The least they could do is some online research before publishing this .
If they label me al - Qaeda just for making this silly video , that makes you think , what is this al - Qaeda ?
And is everything al - Qaeda ?
17 Although Sonic Jihad dismissed his own work as “ silly ” or “ funny , ” he expected considerably more from a credible news agency like Reuters : “ objective ” reporting , “ online research , ” and fact - checking before “ publishing . ”
18 Within the week , almost all of the salient details in the Reuters story were revealed to be incorrect .
SonicJihad ’s film was not made by terrorists or for terrorists : it was not created by “ Islamic militants ” for “ Muslim youths . ”
The videogame it depicted had not been modified by a “ tech - savvy militant ” with advanced programming skills .
19 Of course , what is most extraordinary about this story is n’t just that Reuters merely got its facts wrong ; it is that a self - identified “ parody ” video was shown to the august House Intelligence Committee by a team of well - paid “ experts ” from the Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) , a major contractor with the federal government , as key evidence of terrorist recruitment techniques and abuse of digital networks .
Moreover , this story of media illiteracy unfolded in the context of a fundamental Constitutional debate about domestic surveillance via communications technology and the further regulation of digital content by lawmakers .
Furthermore , the transcripts of the actual hearing showed that much more than simple gullibility or technological ignorance was in play .
20 Based on their exchanges in the public record , elected representatives and government experts appear to be keenly aware that the digital discourses of an emerging information culture might be challenging their authority and that of the longstanding institutions of knowledge and power with which they are affiliated .
These hearings can be seen as representative of a larger historical moment in which emphatic declarations about prohibiting specific practices in digital culture have come to occupy a prominent place at the podium , news desk , or official Web portal .
This environment of cultural reaction can be used to explain why policy makers ’ reaction to terrorists ’ use of networked communication and digital media actually tells us more about our own American ideologies about technology and rhetoric in a contemporary information environment .
When the experts come forward at the Sonic Jihad hearing to “ walk us through the media and some of the products , ” they present digital artefacts of an information economy that mirrors many of the features of our own consumption of objects of electronic discourse , which seem dangerously easy to copy and distribute and thus also create confusion about their intended meanings , audiences , and purposes .
21 From this one hearing we can see how the reception of many new digital genres plays out in the public sphere of legislative discourse .
Web pages , videogames , and Weblogs are mentioned specifically in the transcript .
The main architecture of the witnesses ’ presentation to the committee is organised according to the rhetorical conventions of a PowerPoint presentation .
Moreover , the arguments made by expert witnesses about the relationship of orality to literacy or of public to private communications in new media are highly relevant to how we might understand other important digital genres , such as electronic mail or text messaging .
22 The hearing also invites consideration of privacy , intellectual property , and digital “ rights , ” because moral values about freedom and ownership are alluded to by many of the elected representatives present , albeit often through the looking glass of user behaviours imagined as radically Other .
For example , terrorists are described as “ modders ” and “ hackers ” who subvert those who properly create , own , legitimate , and regulate intellectual property .
To explain embarrassing leaks of infinitely replicable digital files , witness Ron Roughead says , “ We ’re not even sure that they do n’t even hack into the kinds of spaces that hold photographs in order to get pictures that our forces have taken . ”
Another witness , Undersecretary of Defense for Policy and International Affairs , Peter Rodman claims that “ any video game that comes out , as soon as the code is released , they will modify it and change the game for their needs . ”
Thus , the implication of these witnesses ’ testimony is that the release of code into the public domain can contribute to political subversion , much as covert intrusion into computer networks by stealthy hackers can .
23 However , the witnesses from the Pentagon and from the government contractor SAIC often present a contradictory image of the supposed terrorists in the hearing transcripts .
Sometimes the enemy is depicted as an organisation of technological masterminds , capable of manipulating the computer code of unwitting Americans and snatching their rightful intellectual property away ; sometimes those from the opposing forces are depicted as pre-modern and even sub-literate political innocents .
In contrast , the congressional representatives seem to focus on similarities when comparing the work of “ terrorists ” to the everyday digital practices of their constituents and even of themselves .
24 According to the transcripts of this open hearing , legislators on both sides of the aisle express anxiety about domestic patterns of Internet reception .
Even the legislators ’ own Web pages are potentially disruptive electronic artefacts , particularly when the demands of digital labour interfere with their duties as lawmakers .
Although the subject of the hearing is ostensibly terrorist Websites , Representative Anna Eshoo ( D - California ) bemoans the difficulty of maintaining her own official congressional site .
As she observes , “ So we are – as members , I think we ’re very sensitive about what ’s on our Website , and if I retained what I had on my Website three years ago , I ’d be out of business .
So we know that they have to be renewed .
They go up , they go down , they ’re rebuilt , they ’re – you know , the message is targeted to the future . ”
25 In their questions , lawmakers identify Weblogs ( blogs ) as a particular area of concern as a destabilising alternative to authoritative print sources of information from established institutions .
Representative Alcee Hastings ( D - Florida ) compares the polluting power of insurgent bloggers to that of influential online muckrakers from the American political Right .
Hastings complains of “ garbage on our regular mainstream news that comes from blog sites . ”
Representative Heather Wilson ( R - New Mexico ) attempts to project a media - savvy persona by bringing up the “ phenomenon of blogging ” in conjunction with her questions about jihadist Websites in which she notes how Internet traffic can be magnified by cooperative ventures among groups of ideologically like - minded content - providers : “ These Websites , and particularly the most active ones , are they cross - linked ?
And do they have kind of hot links to your other favorite sites on them ? ”
At one point Representative Wilson asks witness Rodman if he knows “ of your 100 hottest sites where the Webmasters are educated ?
What nationality they are ?
Where they ’re getting their money from ? ”
In her questions , Wilson implicitly acknowledges that Web work reflects influences from pedagogical communities , economic networks of the exchange of capital , and even potentially the specific ideologies of nation - states .
26It is perhaps indicative of the government contractors ’ anachronistic worldview that the witness is unable to answer Wilson ’s question .
He explains that his agency focuses on the physical location of the server or ISP rather than the social backgrounds of the individuals who might be manufacturing objectionable digital texts .
The premise behind the contractors ’ working method – surveilling the technical apparatus not the social network – may be related to other beliefs expressed by government witnesses , such as the supposition that jihadist Websites are collectively produced and spontaneously emerge from the indigenous , traditional , tribal culture , instead of assuming that Iraqi insurgents have analogous beliefs , practices , and technological awareness to those in first - world countries .
27 The residual subtexts in the witnesses ’ conjectures about competing cultures of orality and literacy may tell us something about a reactionary rhetoric around videogames and digital culture more generally .
According to the experts before Congress , the Middle Eastern audience for these videogames and Websites is limited by its membership in a pre-literate society that is only capable of abortive cultural production without access to knowledge that is archived in printed codices .
28 Sometimes the witnesses before Congress seem to be unintentionally channelling the ideas of the late literacy theorist Walter Ong about the “ secondary orality ” associated with talky electronic media such as television , radio , audio recording , or telephone communication .
Later followers of Ong extend this concept of secondary orality to hypertext , hypermedia , e-mail , and blogs , because they similarly share features of both speech and written discourse .
Although
Ong ’s disciples celebrate this vibrant reconnection to a mythic , communal past of what Kathleen Welch calls “ electric rhetoric , ” the defence industry consultants express their profound state of alarm at the potentially dangerous and subversive character of this hybrid form of communication .
29 The concept of an “ oral tradition ” is first introduced by the expert witnesses in the context of modern marketing and product distribution : “ The Internet is used for a variety of things – command and control , ” one witness states .
“ One of the things that ’s missed frequently is how and – how effective the adversary is at using the Internet to distribute product .
They ’re using that distribution network as a modern form of oral tradition , if you will . ”
Thus , although the Internet can be deployed for hierarchical “ command and control ” activities , it also functions as a highly efficient peer - to - peer distributed network for disseminating the commodity of information .
Throughout the hearings , the witnesses imply that unregulated lateral communication among social actors who are not authorised to speak for nation - states or to produce legitimated expert discourses is potentially destabilising to political order .
30 Witness Eric Michael describes the “ oral tradition ” and the conventions of communal life in the Middle East to emphasise the primacy of speech in the collective discursive practices of this alien population : “ I ’d like to point your attention to the media types and the fact that the oral tradition is listed as most important .
The other media listed support that .
And the significance of the oral tradition is more than just – it ’s the medium by which , once it comes off the Internet , it is transferred . ”
31 The experts go on to claim that this “ oral tradition ” can contaminate other media because it functions as “ rumor , ” the traditional bane of the stately discourse of military leaders since the classical era .
32
The oral tradition now also has an aspect of rumor .
A [ n ] event takes place .
There is an explosion in a city .
Rumor is that the United States Air Force dropped a bomb and is doing indiscriminate killing .
This ends up being discussed on the street .
It ends up showing up in a Friday sermon in a mosque or in another religious institution .
It then gets recycled into written materials .
Media picks up the story and broadcasts it , at which point it ’s now a fact .
In this particular case that we were telling you about , it showed up on a network television , and their propaganda continues to go back to this false initial report on network television and continue to reiterate that it ’s a fact , even though the United States government has proven that it was not a fact , even though the network has since recanted the broadcast .
33 In this example , many - to - many discussion on the “ street ” is formalised into a one - to many “ sermon ” and then further stylised using technology in a one - to - many broadcast on “ network television ” in which “ propaganda ” that is “ false ” can no longer be disputed .
This “ oral tradition ” is like digital media , because elements of discourse can be infinitely copied or “ recycled , ” and it is designed to “ reiterate ” content .
34 In this hearing , the word “ rhetoric ” is associated with destructive counter - cultural forces by the witnesses who reiterate cultural truisms dating back to Plato and the Gorgias .
For example , witness Eric Michael initially presents “ rhetoric ” as the use of culturally specific and hence untranslatable figures of speech , but he quickly moves to an outright castigation of the entire communicative mode .
“ Rhetoric , ” he tells us , is designed to “ distort the truth , ” because it is a “ selective ” assembly or a “ distortion . ”
Rhetoric is also at odds with reason , because it appeals to “ emotion ” and a romanticised Weltanschauung oriented around discourses of “ struggle . ”
35 The film by SonicJihad is chosen as the final clip by the witnesses before Congress , because it allegedly combines many different types of emotional appeal , and thus it conveniently ties together all of the themes that the witnesses present to the legislators about unreliable oral or rhetorical sources in the Middle East :
36
And there you see how all these products are linked together .
And you can see where the games are set to psychologically condition you to go kill coalition forces .
You can see how they use humor .
You can see how the entire campaign is carefully crafted to first evoke an emotion and then to evoke a response and to direct that response in the direction that they want .
37Jihadist digital products , especially videogames , are effective means of manipulation , the witnesses argue , because they employ multiple channels of persuasion and carefully sequenced and integrated subliminal messages .
38 To understand the larger cultural conversation of the hearing , it is important to keep in mind that the related argument that “ games ” can “ psychologically condition ” players to be predisposed to violence is one that was important in other congressional hearings of the period , as well one that played a role in bills and resolutions that were passed by the full body of the legislative branch .
In the witness ’s testimony an appeal to anti-game sympathies at home is combined with a critique of a closed anti-democratic system abroad in which the circuits of rhetorical production and their composite metonymic chains are described as those that command specific , unvarying , robotic responses .
39 This sharp criticism of the artful use of a presentation style that is “ crafted ” is ironic , given that the witnesses ’ “ compilation ” of jihadist digital material is staged in the form of a carefully structured PowerPoint presentation , one that is paced to a well - rehearsed rhythm of “ slide , please ” or “ next slide ” in the transcript .
The transcript also reveals that the members of the House Intelligence Committee were not the original audience for the witnesses ’
PowerPoint presentation .
Rather , when it was first created by SAIC , this “ expert ” presentation was designed for training purposes for the troops on the ground , who would be facing the challenges of deployment in hostile terrain .
According to the witnesses , having the slide show showcased before Congress was something of an afterthought .
Nonetheless , Congressman Tiahrt ( R - KN ) is so impressed with the rhetorical mastery of the consultants that he tries to appropriate it .
As Tiarht puts it , “ I ’d like to get a copy of that slide sometime . ”
40 From the hearing we also learn that the terrorists ’
Websites are threatening precisely because they manifest a polymorphously perverse geometry of expansion .
For example , one SAIC witness before the House Committee compares the replication and elaboration of digital material online to a “ spiderweb . ”
Like Representative Eshoo ’s site , he also notes that the terrorists ’ sites go “ up ” and “ down , ” but the consultant is left to speculate about whether or not there is any “ central coordination ” to serve as an organising principle and to explain the persistence and consistency of messages despite the apparent lack of a single authorial ethos to offer a stable , humanised , point of reference .
41 In the hearing , the oft - cited solution to the problem created by the hybridity and iterability of digital rhetoric appears to be “ public diplomacy . ”
Both consultants and lawmakers seem to agree that the damaging messages of the insurgents must be countered with U.S. sanctioned information , and thus the phrase “ public diplomacy ” appears in the hearing seven times .
However , witness Roughhead complains that the protean “ oral tradition ” and what Henry Jenkins has called the “ transmedia ” character of digital culture , which often crosses several platforms of traditional print , projection , or broadcast media , stymies their best rhetorical efforts : “ I think the point that we ’ve tried to make in the briefing is that wherever there ’s Internet availability at all , they can then download these – these programs and put them onto compact discs , DVDs , or post them into posters , and provide them to a greater range of people in the oral tradition that they ’ve grown up in .
And so they only need a few Internet sites in order to distribute and disseminate the message . ”
42 Of course , to maintain their share of the government market , the Science Applications International Corporation also employs practices of publicity and promotion through the Internet and digital media .
They use HTML Web pages for these purposes , as well as PowerPoint presentations and online video .
The rhetoric of the Website of SAIC emphasises their motto “ From Science to Solutions . ”
After a short Flash film about how SAIC scientists and engineers solve “ complex technical problems , ” the visitor is taken to the home page of the firm that re-emphasises their central message about expertise .
The maps , uniforms , and specialised tools and equipment that are depicted in these opening Web pages reinforce an ethos of professional specialisation that is able to respond to multiple threats posed by the “ global war on terror . ”
43 By 26 June 2006 , the incident finally was being described as a “ Pentagon Snafu ” by ABC News .
From the opening of reporter Jake Tapper ’s investigative Webcast , established government institutions were put on the spot : “ So , how much does the Pentagon know about videogames ?
Well , when it came to a recent appearance before Congress , apparently not enough . ”
Indeed , the very language about “ experts ” that was highlighted in the earlier coverage is repeated by Tapper in mockery , with the significant exception of “ independent expert ” Ian Bogost of the Georgia Institute of Technology .
44 If the Pentagon and SAIC deride the legitimacy of rhetoric as a cultural practice , Bogost occupies himself with its defence .
In his recent book Persuasive Games : The Expressive Power of Videogames , Bogost draws upon the authority of the “ 2,500 year history of rhetoric ” to argue that videogames represent a significant development in that cultural narrative .
Given that Bogost and his Watercooler Games Weblog co-editor Gonzalo Frasca were actively involved in the detective work that exposed the depth of professional incompetence involved in the government ’s line - up of witnesses , it is appropriate that Bogost is given the final words in the ABC exposé .
As Bogost says , “ We should be deeply bothered by this .
We should really be questioning the kind of advice that Congress is getting . ”
45 Bogost may be right that Congress received terrible counsel on that day , but a close reading of the transcript reveals that elected officials were much more than passive listeners : in fact they were lively participants in a cultural conversation about regulating digital media .
After looking at the actual language of these exchanges , it seems that the persuasiveness of the misinformation from the Pentagon and SAIC had as much to do with lawmakers ’ preconceived anxieties about practices of computer - mediated communication close to home as it did with the contradictory stereotypes that were presented to them about Internet practices abroad .
In other words , lawmakers found themselves looking into a fun house mirror that distorted what should have been familiar artefacts of American popular culture because it was precisely what they wanted to see .
References ABC
News .
“ Terrorist Videogame ? ” Nightline Online . 21 June 2006 .
22 June 2006 < http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=2105341>.
Bogost , Ian. Persuasive Games : Videogames and Procedural Rhetoric .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press , 2007 .
Game Politics .
“ Was Congress Misled by ‘ Terrorist ’ Game Video ?
We Talk to Gamer Who Created the Footage . ” 11 May 2006 .
< http://gamepolitics.livejournal.com/285129.html#cutid1>.
Jenkins , Henry .
Convergence Culture : Where Old and New Media Collide .
New York : New York UP , 2006 .
julieb .
“ David Morgan Is a Horrible Writer and Should Be Fired . ”
Online posting .
5 May 2006 .
Dvorak Uncensored Cage Match Forums .
< http://cagematch.dvorak.org/index.php/topic,130.0.html>.
Mahmood .
“ Terrorists Do n’t Recruit with Battlefield 2 . ” GGL Global Gaming .
16 May 2006 < http://www.ggl.com/news.php?NewsId=3090>.
Morgan , David .
“ Islamists Using U.S. Video Games in Youth Appeal . ”
Reuters online news service .
4 May 2006 < http://today.reuters.com/news/ArticleNews.aspx?type=topNews &storyID=2006-05-04T215543Z_01_N04305973_RTRUKOC_0_US-SECURITY- VIDEOGAMES.xml&pageNumber=0&imageid=&cap=&sz=13&WTModLoc= NewsArt-C1-ArticlePage2 >.
Ong , Walter J. Orality and Literacy : The Technologizing of the Word. London / New York : Methuen , 1982 .
Parker , Trey .
Online posting .
7 May 2006 .
9 May 2006 < http://www.treyparker.com>.
Plato .
“ Gorgias . ” Plato : Collected Dialogues .
Princeton : Princeton UP , 1961 .
Shrader , Katherine .
“ Pentagon Surfing Thousands of Jihad Sites . ” Associated Press 4 May 2006 .
SonicJihad .
“ SonicJihad : A Day in the Life of a Resistance Fighter . ”
Online posting .
26 Dec. 2005 .
Planet Battlefield Forums .
9 May 2006 < http://www.forumplanet.com/planetbattlefield/topic.asp?fid=13670&tid=1806909&p=1>.
Tapper , Jake , and Audery Taylor .
“ Terrorist Video Game or Pentagon Snafu ? ” ABC News Nightline 21 June 2006 .
30 June 2006 < http://abcnews.go.com/Nightline/Technology/story?id=2105128&page=1>.
U.S. Congressional Record .
Panel I of the Hearing of the House Select Intelligence Committee , Subject : “ Terrorist Use of the Internet for Communications . ” Federal News Service .
4 May 2006 .
Welch , Kathleen E. Electric Rhetoric : Classical Rhetoric , Oralism , and the New Literacy .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press , 1999 .
resignation and postmortem .
© 1999 Jamie Zawinski < jwz@jwz.org >
April 1st , 1999 will be my last day as an employee of the Netscape Communications division of America Online , and my last day working for mozilla.org .
www.aclu.org enter " Military Commissions
Act fact sheets " into the search box and it will come up
The Military Commissions Act :
Makes the President his own judge and jury by " interpreting " the Geneva Conventions and the U.S. Constitution .
Thus , the President was granted ( by the former Republican Congress , with only a few Democrats breaking the party lines with their votes ) the power to unilaterally declare what exact form torture takes .
Because the Geneva Conventions provide a guide to what constitutes torture / does not , and the President may now " Interpret " that , means that the President himself dictates what exact form torture takes .
That form ai n't pretty .
It 's defined in the MCA as eliciting pain levels equivalent to what is experienced in " severe organ failure and death " .
Thus , waterboarding is only one form that torture takes .
The public discussion of waterboarding is important , but also may offer the illusion that once waterboarding has been struck from torture at large , that the problem has been fixed .
Not so .
http://uruknet.iknfo/?p=m33306&s1=h1
" ACLU suit allege firm is profiting from torture The Boing Subsidiary is accused of helping facilitate mistreatment of terrorism suspects " Henry WEinstein , Times staff writer
This article above refers to the use of a scalpel to cut the clothes off the suspect 's body and engrave his body , cut wounds into his groin , and pouring scalding hot liquids into the wounds .
So much for waterboarding as " Torture " sum total .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
As for the vanishing of the CIA " interrogation " tapes , that is easily explained .
The fact that Congress itself approved these " enhanced interrogation methods " against Constitutional and international law means that they themselves stand to be indicted .
Especially because they gave their bosom buddy , Bush , the power to torture WITHOUT BEING PROSECUTED AS WAR CRIMINAL under the MCA .
No wonder impeachment is off the table and no wonder the tapes disappeared .
Studies about torture conflict :
Some sources say that it works and is an important tool for gaining intelligence .
Others say that torture is useless because the severity of it is such that false confessions are routinely squealed up if only to stop being murdered in the absence of actual death being the result .
Geez .
Which means that the innocent confess to crimes they never committed and are punished for it , yet the real bad guy walks around free .
Further , it has been pointed out in some studies that when a terrorist is in captivity , the terrorist home team changes its tactic .
So the " intelligence " squealed up by force may prove useless in most cases , anyway , even in the rare events that it is true .
HERE IS SOMETHING VERY IMPORTANT TO POINT OUT TO YOUR FRIENDS : Since the MCA nixes habeas corpus ( The right to challenge the legal grounds for one 's detention ) and the terrorist suspects are forbidden access to their own attorneys , most of them end up with nobody to prove their innocence or guilt , either way .
Thus , to see a newspaper photograph accompanying a statement that a " terrorist " or even a ring leader has been caught , is to be questioned .
These people have no way of proving if they are innocent ( and according to the Red Cross , , more than 70 % of Guantanamo detainees are innocent ) .
THEREFORE NOBODY SHOULD ASSUME THAT JUST BECAUSE THEY SEE A NEWSPAPER PHOTOGRAPH , THAT SUCH A PHOTO SHOULD " PROVE " THAT THE PHOTO SHOWS AN ACTUAL TERRORIST .
THIS COULD BE JUST PLAIN " SPIN " TO GAIN THE GOVERNMENT FALSE CREDIBILITY IN ITS PROWESS IN FIGHTING THE WAR ON TERROR .
PLEASE SPREAD WORD !
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
SANDY SPRING , Md. , Oct. 18 — When the football players here at Sherwood High School were not getting the message about washing their uniforms and using only their own jerseys , the school nurse paid a surprise visit to the locker room .
She brought along a baseball bat .
“ Do n’t make me use this , ” the nurse , Jenny Jones , said , pointing out that seven players on the team had already contracted a deadly drug - resistant strain of bacteria this year .
“ Start washing your hands , ” she said .
“ I mean it . ”
School officials around the country have been scrambling this week to scrub locker rooms , reassure parents and impress upon students the importance of good hygiene .
The heightened alarm comes in response to a federal report indicating that the bacteria , methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , are responsible for more deaths in the United States each year than AIDS .
MRSA ( pronounced MEER - suh ) is a strain of staph bacteria that does not respond to penicillin or related antibiotics , though it can be treated with other drugs .
The infection can be spread by sharing items , like a towel or a piece of sports equipment that has been used by an infected person , or through skin - to - skin contact with an open wound .
The assassination of Benazir Bhutto on Thursday provoked rioting in Islamabad and Karachi , with her supporters blaming President Pervez Musharraf , while he pointed his finger at Muslim extremists .
The renewed instability in Pakistan came as a grim reminder that the Bush administration has been pursuing a two - front war , neither of which has been going well .
Bush 's decision to put hundreds of billions of dollars into an Iraq imbroglio while slighting the effort to fight al - Qaida , rebuild Afghanistan , and move Pakistan toward democracy and a rule of law has been shown up as a desperate and unsuccessful gamble .
The question is whether President Musharraf now most resembles the shah of Iran in 1978 .
That is , has his authority among the people collapsed irretrievably ?
The Bush administration backed military dictator Musharraf to the hilt as a way of dealing with U.S. security and al - Qaida on the cheap while it poured hundreds of billions into Baghdad .
George W. Bush was entirely willing to let the Pakistani judiciary , the rule of law , and any real democracy be gutted by an ambitious general .
For Washington , allowing Bhutto to return to Pakistan was simply a way to shore up Musharraf 's legitimacy .
Now Pakistan faces new turmoil , and Bush appears to have no Plan B. Since Pakistan is a nuclear power and al - Qaida extremists still use it as a base to plot against the West , this failure is inexcusable and threatens U.S. security in a way Iraq never did .
Bhutto , the leader of the Pakistan People 's Party , was leaning out of the sunroof of a car leaving a political rally on Thursday evening in Rawalpindi near the capital , Islamabad , when an armed assailant dressed as a policeman approached , shot her twice , and then detonated a belt bomb , killing her and some 22 other persons .
When Bhutto's death was announced , rioting broke out in Rawalpindi and her home base , the southern port city of Karachi .
Many of her supporters blamed Musharraf , who , though he recently resigned from the military , came to power in a 1999 military coup and has ruled as a military dictator .
The house of a senior politician from the Pakistan Muslim League ( Qaid - i Azam ) , Musharraf 's party , was burned down by an angry mob .
It is clear that many in the Pakistan People 's Party blame Musharraf and his supporters for Bhutto 's death , whether fairly or unfairly .
If this sentiment becomes widespread , it is hard to see how Musharraf can survive .
The Pakistan People 's Party was expected to do well in the scheduled Jan. 8 parliamentary elections , which the Bush administration had hoped would begin a transition away from military rule .
The PPP , which has an impressive grass - roots organization that has proved it can get out the vote in election after election , has been important in Pakistani politics since the 1970s .
It has been in power at the federal level during 11 of the past 36 years and has particular strength in the Punjab , Pakistan 's wealthiest and most populous province .
The party will hold a convention to formally elect a successor to Bhutto , but whether parliamentary elections can still be held on Jan. 8 has been cast into doubt .
Bhutto's rival , Nawaz Sharif , who heads the right - of - center Muslim League , announced that his party would boycott the elections to protest the failure of the Pakistani military to give Bhutto better security .
Bhutto's assassination was a profound blow to Bush administration policy in South Asia .
Washington looked the other way when Musharraf had himself elected " president " in a referendum in spring of 2002 , wherein he had no competition .
It accepted Musharraf 's interference in the fall 2002 elections , which was aimed at handicapping the two major parties , the Pakistan People 's Party and the Muslim League .
All Musharraf managed to do was to throw the key northwest frontier province and Baluchistan into the hands of the Muslim fundamentalist parties , which had never before done so well in those regions , but which were left without much competition when their rivals were hobbled by the military .
These Muslim fundamentalist local governments in turn ran interference for Muslim radicals , denying that there was any such thing as al - Qaida .
The combination of political ineptitude whereby Musharraf helped put the fundamentalists in power in the Pushtun regions of Pakistan and the heavy - handedness of his military interventions in the fiercely independent tribal north , helped set the stage for the greater political violence .
The government 's neglect of the hardscrabble farming regions of the north also fueled discontent .
At the same time it was coddling the dictator , the United States has been attempting to do nation building in Afghanistan and to strengthen the government of Hamid Karzai , while trying to face down a resurgent Pushtun insurgency in the south of that country .
In the frontier badlands of the tribal areas straddling Afghanistan and Pakistan , remnants of the Taliban and the " Arab Afghans " of al - Qaida have been hiding out and regrouping .
There is some evidence that they continue to have contacts with , and even to train , Muslim militants based in Europe .
The Pakistani military dislikes the Karzai government and sees the " Northern Alliance " that came to power with American help as overly friendly to India and Iran .
It is suspected that some elements in the Pakistani army and its military intelligence branch , the Inter - Services Intelligence , are secretly stirring up Pushtun tribesmen against the Karzai regime in hopes that a government more friendly to Pakistan will come to power .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Paradoxically , the Pakistani military has cracked down hard on Taliban - like groups inside Pakistan itself .
Troops have fought several major engagements in the rugged tribal territories of the north , and over time have captured some 700 al - Qaida operatives .
But the fiercely independent tribespeople of Waziristan and its neighboring areas have fought back .
Starting in September 2006 the military even attempted a truce with the tribal leaders in hopes that they would deal with the Muslim militants themselves .
That truce began to break down when the military stormed the Red Mosque in the capital , Islamabad , where Pushtun and Baluch tribesmen belonging to a neo -Deobandi cult and advocating strict puritanism had established themselves and begun acting like vigilantes .
Musharraf ordered his military to close the mosque , where the cultists had stored arms , resulting in a sanguinary conflict .
In the aftermath , Muslim militants in Pakistan 's northeast carried out a record number of suicide bombings .
If he faced a rural crisis deriving from the fundamentalism of neglected northern farming communities , Musharraf faced an urban crisis as well .
Pakistan 's good economic growth for the past six years has helped create a new middle class , numbering in the tens of millions , who are educated and connected to the world by cable television and the Internet .
They depend on the rule of law to pursue their white - collar occupations , and when Musharraf attempted to fire the chief justice of the Supreme Court , the urban middle classes staged large rallies and resisted the packing of the courts .
They won the first round when Musharraf , weakened by the Red Mosque fiasco , was forced to reinstate the chief justice .
Benazir Bhutto served as prime minister twice , from 1988 to 1990 and again from 1993 to 1996 , and was dismissed on charges of corruption both times .
She has been in political exile since 1999 , the year of Musharraf 's military coup .
After the Red Mosque debacle and his conflict with the country 's Supreme Court , Musharraf was so weakened that he accepted a new American plan .
It provided for Bhutto to return and contest elections , such that she would likely be the next prime minister , and for Musharraf to resign from the military and become a civilian president .
This plan was in danger of being derailed when the Supreme Court seemed likely to decide that Musharraf was ineligible to serve as president , and the dictator reacted by dismissing the court , packing it with his own supporters , and declaring a state of emergency .
Bhutto expressed outrage at those high - handed actions and clearly feared that they would taint her own legitimacy .
Under severe American pressure , Musharraf lifted the state of emergency and agreed to new elections on Jan. 8 .
Pakistan 's future is now murky , and to the extent that this nation of 160 million buttresses the eastern flank of American security in the greater Middle East , its fate is profoundly intertwined with America 's own .
The money for the Sept. 11 attacks was wired to Florida from banks in Pakistan , and al - Qaida used the country for transit to Afghanistan .
Instability in Pakistan may well spill over into Afghanistan , as well , endangering the some 26,000 U.S. troops and a similar number of NATO troops in that country .
And it is not as if Afghanistan were stable to begin with .
If Pakistani politics finds its footing , if a successor to Benazir Bhutto is elected in short order by the PPP and the party can remain united , and if elections are held soon , the crisis could pass .
If there is substantial and ongoing turmoil , however , Muslim radicals will certainly take advantage of it .
In order to get through this crisis , Bush must insist that the Pakistani Supreme Court , summarily dismissed and placed under house arrest by Musharraf , be reinstated .
The PPP must be allowed to elect a successor to Ms. Bhutto without the interference of the military .
Early elections must be held , and the country must return to civilian rule .
Pakistan 's population is , contrary to the impression of many pundits in the United States , mostly moderate and uninterested in the Taliban form of Islam .
But if the United States and " democracy " become associated in their minds with military dictatorship , arbitrary dismissal of judges , and political instability , they may turn to other kinds of politics , far less favorable to the United States .
Musharraf may hope that the Pakistani military will stand with him even if the vast majority of people turn against him .
It is a forlorn hope , and a dangerous one , as the shah of Iran discovered in 1978 - 79 .
Juan Cole teaches Middle Eastern and South Asian history at the University of Michigan .
His most recent book Napoleon 's Egypt : Invading the Middle East ( New York : Palgrave Macmillan , 2007 ) has just been published .
He has appeared widely on television , radio and on op - ed pages as a commentator on Middle East affairs , and has a regular column at Salon.com .
He has written , edited , or translated 14 books and has authored 60 journal articles .
His weblog on the contemporary Middle East is Informed Comment .
© 2007 Salon.com
Cheney to address top secret conservative policy group Jason Rhyne
Published : Friday September 28 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This
An ultra -secret conservative group -- so secret that members do n't even use the group 's name in communications -- will feature Vice President Dick Cheney as a speaker at a meeting in Utah today .
" Cheney will address the fall meeting of the Council for National Policy , a group whose self - described mission is to promote ' a free - enterprise system , a strong national defense and support for traditional Western values , " according to the Salt Lake City Tribune .
Founded in 1981 by Tim LaHaye , the co-author of the popular post - apocalyptic Christian - themed Left Behind books , the group holds confidential meetings three times a year attended by a small but powerful cadre of top conservatives .
" The media should not know when or where we meet or who takes part in our programs , before of after a meeting , " one of the group 's rules reads , according to a New York Times profile of the organization in 2004 .
" The membership list is ' strictly confidential , " said the Times .
" Guests may attend ' only with the unanimous approval of the executive committee . "
" In e-mail messages to one another , " the paper continued , " members are instructed not to refer to the organization by name , to protect against leaks . "
" We do not lobby Congress , support candidates , or issue public policy statements on controversial issues , " the group states on its website .
Members " meet to share the best information available on national and world problems , know one another on a personal basis , and collaborate in achieving their shared goals . "
" Czech Republic President Václav Klaus is also expected to address the Council for National Policy 's meeting in downtown Salt Lake City , " the Tribune reports , adding that GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney will also be in Utah , but did not respond to the paper about whether or not he would be attending the meeting .
" Many current and former members politely said they would prefer not to speak on the organization 's behalf , " ABC 's Marc Ambinder said in an earlier behind - the - scenes piece focusing on the group .
" Those who did respond to telephone and e-mail messages declined to talk about their interest in the organization .
More than a dozen did not respond at all . "
Cheney 's speech and other events of his trip , which coincides with a fundraising swing through West , is closed to the public and the press , according to the Tribune .
Last year at this time , I was excited .
Jubiliant even .
After spending several months frantically preparing for my defense , getting my dissertation in shape and job hunting , I was looking forward to starting my new job .
I had received job offers from three companies .
After agonizing over the details , I had finally picked one .
The company was doing great .
The pay was good and the job description sounded very exciting .
The stock prices were up and as far as I was concerned , I was all set .
Things remained that way for about a quarter or so after I joined .
And then there were rumors .
Followed by bad reviews from the press .
And crashing stock prices .
And drastic reduction in annual bonuses .
And finally , announcements of layoffs .
I survived through the first round of layoff rumors without being too worried .
We were the golden boys and girls that were involved in the development of the next generation killer product which the company desperately needed to get out of the rut .
So , we would not be touched .
And sure enough , in the first round of layoffs , out of the 3000 + that were let go , only two were from our center , out of whom one was rumored to be voluntary .
Now the second round of layoffs has been announced .
This time the reduction will be by 4000 jobs .
And apparently , we wo n’t be spared .
I do n’t understand how managers think , but apparently , they are targeting to close down some of the design centers entirely and let go of most people while relocating the few best to other centers .
Our center is currently on the target list .
I am under no illusion that with my less - than - one - year experience , I will be among the few that are retained .
The first commercial product from our center will be out this month .
If our product makes the expected numbers , we stay .
If not …
Initially , when I heard this rumor I tried to ignore it .
Denial is supposed to be one of the first human defense mechanisms against unexpected high stress changes , and sure enough it kicked right in .
But yesterday one of my colleagues overheard a discussion among managers about this topic .
At this point they are as clueless as we are .
But they are quite scared and jittery too .
And that ca n’t be a good sign .
Another colleague is waiting for way longer than normal for a signature on her immigration forms .
Normally , our managers are quite efficient and immigration related legal forms move by their desks quickly .
But now looks like everyone is in limbo , not really sure how to respond .
Preparing for the first layoff , even before the first year anniversary at work !!
That ai n’t nobody ’s dream .
Frankly , I do n’t know if I am coping , or still in a state of disbelief and a certain amount of denial .
This post is meant to be a pep talk to myself .
If you have any suggestions or stories to share , please feel free to drop a line .
While working for a big corporation in the tech industry , layoffs are a way of life .
Learn to live with it .
We all have options .
But many of us choose to join the big companies .
In my case , it was part greed for the money , and part anticipation of working on one of the most cutting edge pieces of technology .
Good benefits , a matching 401K plan , stock options , annual bonus , employee stock purchase plan , etc. , all helped too .
Well , nothing in life comes for free .
The price we pay is that , in a big company we are just small fish in a very big pond .
Pawns in a gigantic chess game .
Part of a disposable work force .
When things go well , we will be rewarded with bonuses .
And when things did n’t quite work out , we will be let go .
That ’s just the way it is .
Deal with it !
If you picked to join a big corporation in the tech industry , you chose your fate .
Learn to live with it .
Stop second guessing your decisions and having self doubts .
I had multiple offers when I graduated .
If I had taken one of the other offers , would things be different ? — I ca n’t help but wonder .
But it is useless waste of energy to think about the what - if’s .
There is no point in second guessing your own decisions .
Under the circumstance , knowing what I knew , I made the best possible decision .
Now it is the time to live with it .
Just grab the ball and keep running .
At the work place , listen to all the rumors , filter them and file away .
But , turn off the internal commentary .
It is good to be aware .
At least that way , when the shit hits the fan you wo n’t be clueless and devastated .
But if you keep playing mind games with yourself , you will soon lose all peace of mind and there will be no joy in getting up in the morning and going to work ( assuming there was some before the layoff rumors ) .
Remember that most of the stuff you hear on the grapevine are just rumors spread by someone else who is as scared as you are .
Or interpretations of what they think they heard .
Yes , if there are heavy rumors there is a good chance that you could find yourself without a job sometime soon .
But no amount of worrying will change the fact .
So switch off that internal commentary .
Be aware of what other jobs are available in case the axe does fall .
Remember , many of your colleagues will also be looking for jobs and the competition is bound to be tough .
Find out more information about your company .
If the plan is to shutoff the entire center , the company may try to place some of the people in other centers .
Be aware of what options are available just in case you have an opportunity to move to another center .
Look at who your competitors are .
They will likely have job profiles that match very closely to your skill set .
Such jobs will be easier to slide into .
Revive old contacts .
With several other people from your company — with possibly similar skill set as you — looking for jobs , any edge will be advantageous .
Think outside the box and look for options that many of your colleagues may not consider .
If you think of all this before the actual layoff , you will be in a much better shape if and when it does happen .
Use this as an opportunity to determine if your career path needs changes .
How about the dream you always had for working at a really small startup company with possibly a low pay but a much better potential to strike gold ?
Or how about taking up a consulting job that pays a lot more than the full time job , but you may not receive any benefits ?
What about becoming self - employed , a dream you have had for a long time , but never really pursued due to the cushy job you had ?
Or why not start a family , something that has been on your mind more and more of late ?
Now is a good time to give some serious thought to such questions .
Think of this layoff rumor ( or the actual layoff itself ) as an opportunity to turn your life around and set it on a different track .
When your outlook changes things begin be a lot less stressful .
Get your finances in order .
Cut the expenditure and increase the amount you stash away in savings .
Beef up the emergency account .
You may have had multiple offers in the past .
But that does not mean you will even get an interview call in the future .
Especially with several people with similar or better profiles than you out on the market looking for similar jobs as you .
You do n’t know how long it will be before you can land another job .
If the whole industry is going through a slump , even when you get a job , you may be forced to take a pay cut .
So start to tighten up the belt now , so you may worry less later .
If immigrant worker , know all the information about immigration requirements .
Be aware of your options in the home country .
Those of us here on a H1 visa need to worry about the time duration within which we need to find another job , in case we get laid off .
Be aware of the INS rules and immigration laws .
Be aware of your company policy — in some cases you may be able to negotiate with your company about when they will report your job termination to INS , giving you a little more time to look for jobs .
For some of us , it may become inevitable that we may have to return back to the home country .
It is a decision that can make or break you .
I have seen people return back with the tail between their legs .
In their mind they are failures because they could not hold onto their job here in the US .
But a layoff is not an indication of how good you are .
So stop beating yourself up and unnecessarily making this personal .
At the same time , I have seen others who turned this into an opportunity .
Who took all their savings and returned to the home country where they are very gainfully employed .
Heck , one of my friends invested the savings in local real estate and rode the wave up .
His wife has retired at the age of 31 and works on voluntary gigs to “ keep her mind busy ” .
They have a weekend home that could put my weekday home to shame 🙂
Again , it ’s all in the attitude .
Instead of being forced to make decisions , if you think ahead of time and make those decisions voluntarily and are prepared to back it up , you will be able to live life with a lot less stress and a lot more satisfaction .
If a native worker , be aware of the rules and procedures for claiming unemployment benefits
I read some place that you need wait for a certain amount of time before you can receive unemployment benefits .
Sorry , I do n’t know much about this since it is not an option available to me .
But if it is applicable to you , you must know all the rules and act as early as possible , even if you firmly believe you will never have to rely on unemployment checks .
Just think of it as Plan B ( or Plan C if you already have a plan B , or Plan D … )
If you have some opportunities that you can avail , you should know all that you can about them .
Make sure your resume is up - to - date .
Polish your interview answers .
Prepare a mental note of your references .
If you really do get laid off , you will need to act quickly .
Having an up - to - date resume will help you get out there onto the playing field quickly .
Remind yourself that you are not fired due to unsatisfactory performance .
You were just the victim of bad fate and corporate whims .
The more you believe this , the more confident can be in an interview .
Polish the answers that you will offer to the interview questions that will focus on the reasons for your termination .
Have a list of references ready .
Make sure you include on that list someone other than your current managers .
If they themselves are looking for jobs , they may not be too inclined to be spending time writing reference letters .
Being prepared to act quickly is half the battle .
Show up at work everyday on time .
Make sure you meet your deadlines .
To most , on a good day it is difficult to stay focused and motivated .
With rumors like these floating , it is easy for the morale to go down and the quality of work to start slipping .
Do not let that happen .
If the upper management gives your manager a fixed number of employees they have to let go of , you do n’t want your name to be the first one to pop up in your boss ’ mind !
I would go so far as to say avoid taking any vacations or time off until things calm down .
Finally , keep your emotions in control .
Do n’t not take your frustration out on your family .
When frustrated , it is very easy to lash our on your family .
Your job is already in turmoil , do you really want your personal life to be a mess as well ?
Keep your anger in check .
Bite your tongue before snapping at the spouse or worse , a child .
Make sure you go out and relax and spend some quality time with your family .
Ask yourself , what do you work for after all ?
For whose sake do you want to have a job ?
If the anxiety caused by the possible loss of job is making you mean to your family , is that job really worth having ?
Do n't Envy the Successful Entrepreneur - Become One ! "
Like this post ?
Want more great articles ?
Check out our newsletter to receive exclusive content sent only to the select few who subscribe .
We will even start you off with the bonus 10 - part eSeries
( h/t Scarce )
Wall Street Journal :
Every Monday night at 10 o'clock , Iranians by the millions tune into Channel One to watch the most expensive show ever aired on the Islamic republic 's state - owned television .
Its elaborate 1940s costumes and European locations are a far cry from the typical Iranian TV fare of scarf - clad women and gray - suited men .
But the most surprising thing about the wildly popular show is that it is a heart - wrenching tale of European Jews during World War II .
The hour - long drama , " Zero Degree Turn , " centers on a love story between an Iranian - Palestinian Muslim man and a French Jewish woman .
Over the course of the 22 episodes , the hero saves his love from Nazi detention camps , and Iranian diplomats in France forge passports for the woman and her family to sneak on to airplanes carrying Iranian Jews to their homeland .
On the surface , the message of the lavish , state - funded production appears sharply at odds with that sent out by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has repeatedly called the Holocaust a myth .
In fact , the government 's spending on the show underscores the subtle and often sophisticated way in which the Iranian state uses its TV empire to send out political messages .
The aim of the show , according to many inside and outside the country , is to draw a clear distinction between the government 's views about Judaism -- which is accepted across Iranian society -- and its stance on Israel -- which the leadership denounces every chance it gets .
Portable Python is not being developed anymore .
At the moment there are several better and more up - to - date alternatives :
Python( x , y ) is a free scientific and engineering development software for numerical computations , data analysis and data visualization based on Python programming language , Qt graphical user interfaces and Spyder interactive scientific development environment .
A free Python - distribution for Windows plattform , including prebuilt packages for Scientific Python .
Completely free enterprise - ready Python distribution for large - scale data processing , predictive analytics , and scientific computing
PythonAnywhere makes it easy to create and run Python programs in the cloud .
You can write your programs in a web - based editor or just run a console session from any modern web browser .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The organisation behind the project has launched the " give one , get one " scheme that will allow US residents to purchase two laptops for $ 399 ( £ 198 ) .
One laptop will be sent to the buyer whilst a child in the developing world will receive the second machine
The G1G1 scheme , as it is known , will offer the laptops for just two weeks , starting on the 12 November .
The offer to the general public comes after the project 's founder admitted that concrete orders from the governments of developing nations had not always followed verbal agreements .
Nicholas Negroponte told the New York Times : " I have to some degree underestimated the difference between shaking the hand of a head of state and having a cheque written .
" And yes , it has been a disappointment . "
Walter Bender , head of software development at One Laptop per Child ( OLPC ) , told the BBC News website : " From day one there 's been a lot of interest expressed in having some way of people in the developed world participate in the programme . "
Price hike
The XO laptop has been developed to be used by children and is as low cost , durable and simple to use as possible .
It packs several innovations including a sunlight readable display so that it can be used outside .
It has no moving parts , can be powered by solar , foot - pump or pull - string powered chargers and is housed in a waterproof case .
The machine 's price has recently increased from $ 176 ( £ 88 ) to $ 188 ( £ 93 ) although the eventual aim is to sell the machines for $ 100 ( £ 50 ) .
Governments can buy the green and white machines in lots of 250,000 .
In July , hardware suppliers were given the green light to ramp - up production of all of the components needed to build the low - cost machines .
The decision suggested that the organisation had met or surpassed the three million orders it need to make production viable .
The names of the governments that have purchased the first lots of machines have not been released .
Developing whirl
But , according to OLPC , there has also been huge interest in the XO laptop from individuals in the developed world .
" I do n't know how many times people have added an entry in our wiki saying ' how do I get one ? ' or ' I 'd gladly pay one for a child if I could get one ' , " said Mr Bender .
The laptop was designed to be used in developing countries
In January this year , Michalis Bletsas , chief connectivity officer for the project , told the BBC news website that OLPC was hoping to sell the laptop to the public " next year " .
Nicholas Negroponte , the founder of OLPC , has also previously said : " Many commercial schemes have been considered and proposed that may surface in 2008 or beyond , one of which is ' buy 2 and get 1 ' . "
According to Mr Bender , OLPC see several advantages to offering laptops to the developed world .
" There 's going to be a lot more people able to contribute content , software development and support , " said Mr Bender .
But primarily , he said , it was a way of extending the laptop project to countries that cannot afford to participate .
" We see it as a way of kick - starting the programme in the least developed countries . "
Early adopter
The first countries to receive the donated laptops will be Cambodia , Afghanistan , Rwanda and Haiti .
Other least developed countries ( LDC ) , as defined by the UN , will be able to bid to join the scheme .
The laptops will go on sale for two weeks through the xogiving .org website .
They will only be available for two weeks to ensure OLPC can meet demand and so that machines are not diverted away from countries that have already placed orders .
Although the exact number of laptops available through the G1G1 scheme has not been revealed , Mr Bender said that the " first 25,000 " people that purchase one should receive it before the end of the year .
Others will receive their machines in the first quarter of 2008 .
Mr Bender said that if it proves successful , the organisation would consider extending the scheme .
" Our motivation is helping kids learn and giving them an opportunity to participate in the laptop programme so whatever will advance that cause we will do , " he said .
" This is something we are going to try and if it looks like it is an effective tool we will do more of it . "
If you ’ve never bothered to get out of the 80’s and upgrade from that old Commodore 64 , it turns out you do n’t have to miss out on modern video games .
Heck , why should n’t you be able to play Guitar Hero on your C64 ?
Toni Westbrook ’s Shredz64 project aims to interface a Playstation GH controller with a C64 , then to create a rudimentary version of the rhythm matching game that runs on the classic computer .
Plans are to use the system ’s retro 8 - bit beeps and blips to crank out its tunes .
Thusfar , Westbrook has gotten the controller working with the C64 , and started work on the game itself earlier this year .
While his initial tests were written in good old Commodore BASIC , he expects to write the final game using C and 6502 assembler language .
Now if only I could get Mass Effect to run on my Atari 400 and Bioshock on my TRS - 80 , I ’d be set .
[ via Waxy.org via Kotaku ]
Mike Gravel 's Unitarian Universalism
Mike Gravel 's Unitarian Universalism
UU World Magazine , published by the Unitarian Universalist Association
Maybe , as you have listened to the parade of spin and sound bites and talking points that is the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign , you ’ve had the same fantasy I ’ve had :
If a Unitarian Universalist ran for president , it would n’t be like this .
A UU candidate would give straight answers instead of crafting statements that hint at much but say nothing definite .
He or she would put forward big , bold ideas rather than pretend that a few innocuous tweaks will fix the system .
And when that campaign started to take off , the other candidates would have to respond in kind .
Everything would change .
Well , guess what ?
One candidate — Mike Gravel , the former senator from Alaska — is a UU .
And his campaign resembles that fantasy .
Sort of .
Except maybe for the part about taking off and everything changing .
Despite all the enthusiastic comments about Gravel you can find on the Internet , his poll numbers remain stuck somewhere between 1 percent and an asterisk .
Kind of like Unitarian Universalism itself .
In another of my fantasies , I interview a presidential candidate one - on - one .
It goes like this : A bouncer - sized guy with a black cord hanging out of his ear admits me to the executive suite of some expensive hotel , where clumps of people in suits are talking on Blackberries and typing on laptops .
The candidate is sternly issuing commands until someone whispers into his / her ear and points at me .
Suddenly the public face reboots , the one full of smiles and charm .
We move to a slightly less busy corner , where two handlers hover over us like vultures , occasionally interrupting to rephrase my question or edit the candidate ’s reply .
It ’s a fencing match : I jab to elicit something new ; the candidate parries by repackaging statements from the website in a way that sounds responsive .
Afterwards I comb the fifteen - minute tape until I find some nuance I can spin into a story .
Interviewing Mike Gravel is nothing like that .
On the phone Elliott , the campaign manager , gives me a time and an address in an upscale but not ostentatious neighborhood of Manchester .
It ’s a house that belongs to one of Gravel ’s old friends , and he stays there whenever he ’s campaigning in New Hampshire .
When I arrive , Gravel is sitting by himself in a small car in the driveway , trying to figure out why his phone says its mailbox is full even after he has deleted all its messages .
At 77 , Gravel is spry but not fast .
It takes a while to get out of the car and into the house .
“ I do n’t ever want to retire , ” he says .
“ I want to die with my boots on , and keep trying to make a significant contribution in life . ”
Inside , he introduces me to Elliott and to someone else working in a side room , then shuts the door on them and goes out to the kitchen to get us cans of Diet Coke .
We settle in the living room and chat .
There is no fencing .
He answers each question either directly or by launching into some relevant story .
He never dodges , never consults an aide , and never promises to look something up and get back to me .
At the hour - and - a - half mark , Elliott sticks his head into the living room and hints that I might be wearing the candidate out .
It takes another fifteen minutes to wrap up .
As I leave , Gravel is returning to the mystery of his cell phone .
Mike Gravel ’s path to Unitarian Universalism resembles the spiritual journey of many UUs of his generation .
His Roman Catholic family sent him to Catholic schools .
His sister became a nun , but Gravel struggled with religion through adolescence and into adulthood .
He remembers standing at the kitchen sink in an apartment he rented while he was finishing his degree at Columbia University and deciding that he could no longer be a Catholic .
“ I was n’t angry about it , but when I made the decision , my God , I felt free , like a weight was off me . ”
Gravel ran into Unitarianism after he moved to Alaska in 1956 .
( That same year , another Unitarian , Adlai Stevenson , received the Democratic Party ’s nomination for president for the second time . )
“ When you go to Unitarians , ” Gravel recalls , “ you do n’t get much religion , but you get a lot of humanism .
And you get a lot of politics , too .
And that turned me on . ”
Unitarian humanism resonated with conclusions he had come to on his own a long time before .
“ When I was sixteen , I decided that the human race comes first . ”
Although Gravel describes himself as “ not a joiner , ” he joined what is now the Anchorage UU Fellowship .
And although he says , “ I do n’t view Unitarianism as a religion , ” during his 1968 Senate campaign he started telling reporters that his religion was Unitarianism .
“ Subsequently I found out that Thomas Jefferson was a Unitarian , and that really is me . ”
Since he left Alaska his institutional connections with Unitarian Universalism have been sporadic .
As a Senator he went to Sunday services when he was home , but not in Washington , D.C. ( Jefferson did the opposite .
He attended Joseph Priestley ’s Unitarian Church when he was George Washington ’s secretary of state and the national capital was in Philadelphia .
At home he was “ contented to be an Unitarian by myself . ” )
Gravel continues to identify with Unitarian Universalism , but does not currently belong to a UU church .
“ I ’m the kind of guy who spends his Sunday mornings with The New York Times . ”
The Pentagon Papers — which Gravel entered into the public record in 1971 and which the UUA ’s Beacon Press published in the multi-volume “ Senator Gravel edition ” — cemented Gravel ’s identification with Unitarian Universalism .
“ Nobody would touch it , ” he says , “ nobody but the Unitarians .
So that really locked me in : I ’m Unitarian , and I ’m damn proud of it .
They ’ve got courage .
I ’m very loyal to the Unitarian Church for what they did . ”
At the UUA General Assembly last June , Gravel appeared with Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked the Pentagon Papers , and the Rev. Robert West , the former UUA president who encouraged Beacon Press to publish them , for a 35 - year Pentagon Papers retrospective .
“ You could n’t have kept me away with wild horses , ” Gravel says .
( see below for links to UU World stories about the Pentagon Papers . )
Until you listen at length to one of the “ fringe ” presidential candidates like Gravel , his fellow Democrat Rep. Dennis Kucinich , or Republican Rep. Ron Paul , it is hard to appreciate the extent to which an unexamined conventional wisdom pervades the national conversation .
In televised debates , the questions assume an implicit list of well - defined issues .
Like power forwards waiting for a rebound , each party ’s major candidates jostle to occupy the same favored positions .
Any candidate with an unconventional message has to fight the format , give answers that sound like non sequiturs , and risk sounding wacky .
( The conventional wisdom , by contrast , hardly ever sounds wacky , no matter how violent , destructive , or divorced from reality it might be . )
Rather than say , for example , how far he ’d go to keep Iran from getting nuclear weapons , Gravel challenges the question ’s premise : “ What ’s wrong with Iran acquiring nuclear devices ?
We ’ve got them .
China ’s got them .
India ’s got them .
Anybody who ’s afraid of us wants nuclear weapons . ”
No debate moderator ’s list of issues includes the central plank of Gravel ’s platform : establishing a national initiative process , so that the voters can make laws directly .
“ Representative government is broken , ” he claims , and he believes that the people will never take power back from special interests or dismantle the military - industrial complex until they become lawmakers .
He has been working on his initiative proposal for two decades and claims to have fixed the problems that plague the various state initiative processes .
This issue pulled him back into politics after he lost his senate seat in 1980 and has pushed him into this presidential race .
“ A friend called me more than two years ago and said , ‘ Gravel , if you want to live to see the National Initiative , you ’ve got to do something unusual — run for president . ’
And I said , ‘ You ’re a fool . ’
But six months later I realized he was right . ”
Gravel ’s other major proposal , replacing the income tax with a consumption tax , comes up in Republican debates but not Democratic ones .
To raise his issues in front of a national audience , Gravel has to shoehorn them context - free into discussions about something else .
Sometimes he succeeds at this difficult maneuver , but when he fails he can sound like an old man who has woken up abruptly and is trying to continue the conversation from his dream .
In April The New York Times described him as “ a kind of cranky uncle in the solemn field of well - barbered sound - bite practitioners . ”
Recently , debate organizers have been squeezing Gravel out entirely by restricting the field to candidates who have raised at least $ 1 million dollars .
The most engaging thing about Gravel is his complete refusal to stay on message , control the conversation , or otherwise play the game that politics has become .
There is pride in his voice when he says : “ I do n’t act like a politician is supposed to act . ”
Gravel has no money for TV advertising , but the most - watched Gravel video on YouTube is called Rock .
In it , he stares wordlessly at the camera for a full minute , turns away to walk down a beach , throws a rock into the water , and then keeps walking until he ’s out of sight .
He describes his role in the video as being “ a warm body . ”
The artistic vision came from the filmmakers , and Gravel went with it .
He is so tickled to have been part of someone else ’s creative process that he tells me not only about Rock , but about an animated parody in which the rock kills a duck rather than producing ripples that propagate symbolically off the screen .
He claims to be the first presidential candidate ever to address the Free Speech Coalition , a group representing the adult entertainment industry .
When I list some of his impolitic statements — that Sen .
Joe Lieberman ’s support for war is “ sick , ” that General David Petraeus is “ craven and venal , ” and that our country ( like Iran ) is run by “ a religious nut ” — he does n’t deny or qualify them .
“ They ’re truthful , ” he says simply .
Only one subject causes Gravel to stick to an improbable talking point :
He is going to win the election and become president .
He talks matter - of - factly about the generals he will inherit and how the National Initiative will help him accomplish things that Congress would never approve .
I ’m skeptical , but I decide to go along for the ride .
“ When you ’re president , ” I ask , “ are you still going to say all those outrageous things ? ”
Just for a moment , his septuagenarian eyes twinkle like a naughty six - year - old’s .
“ Oh , ” he promises , “ you wo n’t believe the things I ’m going to say . ”
Disclosure : After filing this column , the author was invited to join Mike Gravel 's slate of delegates from New Hampshire .
— The editors ( 12.21.07 )
Related Resources
Mike Gravel ’08 .
Official campaign website .
( Gravel2008.us )
Religion and Politics 2008 : Mike Gravel .
Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life profile of the candidate ’s religious biography and political platform .
( pewforum.org )
From the Archives
By Stephen Lendman
RINF Alternative News
Labor Day is commemorated on the first Monday in September each year since the first one was celebrated in New York in 1882 .
Around the world outside the US , socialist and labor movements are observed on May 1 to recognize organized labor ’s social and economic achievements and the workers in them .
This day gets scant attention in the US , but where it ’s prominent it ’s commonly to remember the Haymarket Riot of May 4 , 1886 in Chicago .
It followed the city ’s May 1 general strike for an eight hour day that led to violence breaking out on the 4th .
Labor Day became a national federal holiday when Congress passed legislation for it in June , 1894 at a time working people had few rights , management had the upper hand , only wanted to exploit them for profit , and got away with it .
It took many painful years of organizing , taking to the streets , going on strike , holding boycotts , battling police and National Guard forces , and paying with their blood and lives before real gains were won .
They got an eight hour day , a living wage , on - the - job benefits and the pinnacle of labor ’s triumph in the 1930s with the passage of the landmark Wagner Act establishing the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) .
It guaranteed labor the right to bargain collectively on equal terms with management for the first time ever .
All of it was won from the grassroots .
Management gave nothing until forced to and neither did government .
It always sides with business never yields a thing unless threatened with disruptive work stoppages or possible insurrection .
All this is in a democracy that claims to be a government of the people , by the people and for the people , most of whom are ordinary working class ones .
Since a worried Congress passed the 1935 Wagner Act during The Great Depression , the state of organized labor declined , especially post - WW II .
It accelerated precipitously during the Reagan years under an administration openly hostile to worker rights in its one - side support for management .
It continued unabated , under Republican and Democrat administrations , and today stands at a multi-generational low .
Under George Bush conditions got much worse .
Since coming into office in 2001 , he sided with management openly on policies to strip workers of their right to organize and be able to bargain for a living wage and essential benefits .
He hired anti-union officials , denied millions overtime pay , cut pay raises for 1.8 million federal workers claiming a “ national emergency , ” and schemed to end Social Security as we know it by plotting ( unsuccessfully so far ) to let Wall Street sharks take it over .
Since labor ’s ascendency decades earlier , corporate America , in league with government , shamelessly denigrated unions and the rights of working people in them .
In 1958 , 34.7 % of the work force was unionized , but now the figure is around 12 % overall , and only 7.4 % in the private sector – the lowest it ’s been in seven decades .
Even worse , most jobs are low - pay service sector ones because the nation ’s manufacturing base and many higher - paying positions in finance and technology have been offshored to low - wage developing nations .
Workers there can be hired for a fraction of the pay scales here or as virtual serfs at below poverty wages as low as $ 2 a day or less and no benefits .
They fill legions of sweatshop factory jobs in countries prohibiting unions and fair worker practice standards for Wal - Mart ’s “ Always low prices ” on the backs of ruthlessly exploited working people .
Nonetheless , on the first Monday each September , this nation “ remembers ” working Americans with a federally - mandated holiday in their “ honor . ”
Who ’s celebrating when it ’s disingenuously commemorated at a time worker rights are threatened , ignored , forgotten , and uncared about by heartless governments beholden to capital .
They scorn working people who are no longer as deceived with meaningless bread and circus droppings at the expense of what they need most : good jobs at good pay , essential benefits , job security , and a government on their side doing what counts most – supporting their rights with worker - friendly legislation .
Workers are reminded every day that backing like that is off the table by governments shamelessly mocking their day .
It ’s commemorated in name only by a nation beholden to capital , the corporate giants controlling it , and the best democracy their money can buy for them alone .
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to The Steve Lendman News and Information Hour on TheMicroEffect.com Saturdays at noon US central time .
and
Sure , we know you love actually owning a car , but let 's be honest -- in large cities with condensed layouts , your H3 does n't make a lot of sense .
A group of researchers at MIT have been hard at work developing a solution that 's kind on the planetyour scrawny legs .
A team called Smart Cities have designed a small , two - seat , electric vehicle -- which they call the City Car -- that can be " stacked " in convenient locations ( say , just outside a subway stop ) , and then taken on short trips around urban areas .
The cars -- which are based around an omnidirectional " robot wheel " that encases an electric motor , suspension , and steering -- can be " folded " and attached to a group of other cars for charging .
The lineups of rentable vehicles would be accessible from various points around a city , with six or eight cars occupying just a single " regular " car space .
Of course , you 'll have to forgo your 24 - inch rims ... but that 's life .
[ Via Technology Review
Topping Nixon , Bush disapproval soars to highest level ever recorded in Gallup poll RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday November 7 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
For the first time , George W. Bush has surpassed Richard M. Nixon in unpopularity in the Gallup Poll , receiving the highest " strongly disapprove " rating for a president in Gallup 's history .
The little noticed statistic -- publicly noted on Gallup 's poll writeup -- made a single headline in Google News .
The story , at Editor and Publisher , was titled " GALLUP : Bush Finally Tops Nixon -- In Unpopularity -- As Call for Iraq Pullout Hits New Peak . "
Gallup details
Bush 's falling numbers in a series of graphs that appear below .
They note that Bush 's " strongly disapprove " rating is the highest Gallup has ever measured for a US president , though the category is not polled in every survey .
" Gallup has followed its classic job approval measure with this strongly  probe on only an intermittent basis over the years , so it is important to note that the historical context is fairly limited , " the pollsters note .
" Additionally , other variations in polling over the years make comparisons of this measure inexact .
Still , it is worth noting that the current 50 % strongly disapprove figure for Bush is as high as Gallup has ever measured .
( A February 1974 poll showed Richard Nixons strongly disapprove number at 48 % , statistically equivalent to Bushs current reading on this measure . ) "
On Feb. 6 , 1974 , the House voted to authorize the Judiciary Committee to investigate grounds for impeaching President Nixon ; in March of that year , seven of Nixon 's former staff were indicted for Watergate - related crimes .
Nixon resigned the presidency August 9 , 1974 .
Gallup 's survey was conducted last Friday through Sunday and involved 1,024 Americans .
I paraphrase , of course .
However , this whole interview seems like a Freudian analysis waiting to happen .
The Politico :
Vice President Cheney warned in an interview Wednesday that a premature withdrawal from Iraq would invite " further attacks " against the United States and said he has been surprised by the weakness of the Democratic Congress .
Most striking were his virtually taunting remarks of two men he described as friends from his own days in the House : Democratic Reps.
John Dingell ( Mich . ) and John P. Murtha ( Pa. ) .
In a 40 - minute interview with Politico , he scoffed at the idea of two men who spent years accruing power showing so much deference to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) in the big spending and energy debates of the year .
Murtha " and the other senior leaders ... march to the tune of Nancy Pelosi to an extent I had not seen , frankly , with any previous speaker , " Cheney said .
" I 'm trying to think how to say all of this in a gentlemanly fashion , but [ in ] the Congress I served in , that would n't have happened . "
But his implication was clear :
When asked if these men had lost their spines , he responded , " They are not carrying the big sticks I would have expected . "
Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - Ill. ) , who as Democratic Caucus Chair is the party 's fourth - ranking House leader , replied : " Some of us were surprised that the president did n't have a bigger stick when he could have stood up to Dick Cheney . "
Democratic presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich had a stage all to himself last night as he broadcast a Manchester , N.H. , town hall meeting live at the same time the G.O.P. candidates were competing for the spotlight in Florida .
The congressman from Ohio focused on the theme “ Defending the Constitution ” during the 90 - minute event on New Hampshire public access television and the Internet .
“ If you give me your vote , I ’ll give you your country back , ” he said .
He spoke at length about his desire to protect First Amendment rights and his desire to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney for leading the country to war , a motion that is now sitting in congressional committee .
If citizens wanted to help speed up the impeachment process , Mr. Kucinich urged them to contact their member of Congress , the House Judiciary Committee and House leaders .
One member of the audience of about 200 asked him why health care is n’t mandated by the Constitution .
“ Well , I just happen to have my copy of the Constitution with me , ” Mr. Kucinich replied .
He pulled it out from his pocket and read aloud the Preamble — emphasizing the line “ promote the general welfare . ”
Health and welfare are almost synonymous , he said before detailing his plan to make the health care system not for profit .
Every American would receive free medical and dental care under his plan .
Mr. Kucinich also addressed his outrage at the way anyone labeled an enemy combatant to the United States can be put in prison and denied his or her constitutional rights to habeas corpus and trial by jury , and is subject to cruel and unusual punishment .
Restoring these laws is “ fundamental ” to the nation ’s “ moral compass . ”
Citizens should under no circumstances be subject to a “ thought crime bill , ” where they ’d be arrested for thinking about committing an terrorist act .
“ The right to free speech would have to include the right to think … hello ! ” he said , adding that prosecuting thought crimes would infringe on the Fifth Amendment right to avoid self - incrimination .
Under a Kucinich administration , there would be no government wiretapping , eavesdropping , torture , rendition or private military contractors like Blackwater in Iraq .
In fact , he would bring home all troops immediately .
The town hall meeting host asked Mr. Kucinich what he would ask the G.O.P. candidates if he were submitting a question to them on YouTube .
“ I would ask the Republican candidates , ‘ Do you really believe that this country has the right to attack Iran ? ’ ”
Rising tensions with Iran were not addressed during the actual CNN / YouTube event .
As for the last Democratic debate , which also aired on CNN , Mr. Kucinich said he was n’t disappointed he did n’t receive more time from moderator Wolf Blitzer to state his arguments .
“ It ’s not about the quantity of time , but the quality of time , ” he said .
To emphasize his point , Mr. Kucinich referred to Paul Potts , a run-of - the - mill cell phone salesman who became an opera sensation after moving an audience to tears during the tryout for British reality show “ Britain ’s Got Talent . ”
Mr. Kucinich also plugged his education plan , which would entail severely cutting the defense budget and making education from age three through four years of college free for all Americans who agreed to commit themselves to two years of public service .
He would also create more job opportunities for the “ differently abled , ” carefully avoiding the word “ disabled , ” which Mr. Kucinich said he does n’t like .
In perhaps a subtle swipe at Barack Obama , Mr. Kucinich pointed out that a blind supporter gave him the flag pin on his lapel .
The pin says “ U.S.A. ” in Braille .
The Web site kept a count on the number of online forum viewers at every given moment .
Mr. Kucinich took the state with about 220 online viewers , made it to 371 at one point and left the stage with 352 in the Web audience .
A CBS News / New York Times poll in mid-November showed Mr. Kucinich with 5 percent of the New Hampshire Democratic vote , with 18 percent undecided .
Next week , Mr. Martin is expected to formally propose that the newspaper and broadcast cross-ownership restriction be relaxed in the nation ’s largest cities if the television station is not one of the largest in the community .
He has told officials that he hopes to complete action on that rule in December .
Image Kevin J. Martin , chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , supports new regulations for the cable market .
Credit ... Kevin Wolf / Associated Press
The cable finding suggests that Mr. Martin is not approaching the media ownership debate with a uniform deregulatory approach — as his predecessor did — but is instead taking a more nuanced approach and intervening in one market , cable television , even as he tries to loosen the rules for other media conglomerates .
In the cable proceeding , senior commission officials said that this month the agency would announce as part of its annual report on the state of the video services market that it has broad new regulatory authority over the cable industry under the so - called 70/70 rule of the Cable Communications Act of 1984 .
Under that provision , the agency may adopt rules necessary to promote “ diversity of information sources ” once the commission concludes that cable television is available to at least 70 percent of American households , and at least 70 percent of those households actually subscribe to a cable service .
Officials and consumer groups said that the 70/70 cable television finding would provide the legal basis for the commission to adopt rules in the coming weeks and months aimed at increasing programming and reducing rates for consumers .
The consumer groups and networks that are independent of the cable companies have long maintained there is no adequate process for the commission to sort complaints when a cable company refuses to carry programs .
The commission is preparing to take steps to make it less expensive for rivals of the largest cable conglomerates to buy their programs — so that , for instance , a satellite company would find it less expensive to buy programs by the Turner Broadcasting System , a unit of Time Warner .
Relations have been strained between Canada and Iran
" Canada regrets the decision of the government of Iran to order our ambassador to leave Tehran , which is entirely unjustifiable , " he said .
He said the move came after Ottawa failed to approve Iran 's proposed diplomatic representation to Canada .
He said the Canadian embassy in Iran would be headed by Canada 's charge d'affaires for the time being .
" As always , Canada remains prepared to receive an Iranian ambassador provided a suitable candidate is presented , " Mr Bernier said .
New Kazemi investigation
Relations between the two countries have been strained since a Canadian - Iranian journalist died in police custody in Iran in 2003 .
Ms Kazemi died from head injuries while in Iranian police custody
She had been detained without charge in June 2003 while taking photographs outside Evin prison in the north of the Iranian capital .
An intelligence ministry agent , Mohammad Reza Aghdam Ahmadi , was acquitted of a charge of " semi-intentional murder " in 2004 .
In November , the UN passed a Canadian - sponsored resolution condemning Iran 's " systematic violations of human rights " .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook PARIS  A kilogram just is n't what it used to be .
The 118 - year - old cylinder that is the international prototype for the metric mass , kept tightly under lock and key outside Paris , is mysteriously losing weight — if ever so slightly .
Physicist Richard Davis of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures in Sevres , southwest of Paris , says the reference kilo appears to have lost 50 micrograms compared with the average of dozens of copies .
" The mystery is that they were all made of the same material , and many were made at the same time and kept under the same conditions , and yet the masses among them are slowly drifting apart , " he said .
" We do n't really have a good hypothesis for it . "
The kilogram 's uncertainty could affect even countries that do n't use the metric system — it is the ultimate weight standard for the U.S. customary system , where it equals 2.2 pounds .
For scientists , the inconstant metric constant is a nuisance , threatening calculation of things like electricity generation .
" They depend on a mass measurement and it's inconvenient for them to have a definition of the kilogram which is based on some artifact , " said Davis , who is American .
But do n't expect the slimmed - down kilo to have any effect , other than possibly envy , on wary waistline - watchers : 50 micrograms is roughly equivalent to the weight of a fingerprint .
" For the lay person , it wo n't mean anything , " said Davis .
" The kilogram will stay the kilogram , and the weights you have in a weight set will all still be correct . "
Of all the world 's kilograms , only the one in Sevres really counts .
It is kept in a triple - locked safe at a chateau and rarely sees the light of day — mostly for comparison with other cylinders shipped in periodically from around the world .
" It 's not clear whether the original has become lighter , or the national prototypes have become heavier , " said Michael Borys , a senior researcher with Germany 's national measures institute in Braunschweig .
" But by definition , only the original represents exactly a kilogram . "
The kilogram 's fluctuation shows how technological progress is leaving science 's most basic measurements in its dust .
The cylinder was high - tech for its day in 1889 when cast from a platinum and iridium alloy , measuring 1.54 inches in diameter and height .
At a November meeting of scientists in Paris , an advisory panel on measurements will present possible steps toward basing the kilogram and other measures — like Kelvin for temperature , and the mole for amount — on more precise calculations .
Ultimately , policymakers from around the world would have to agree to any change .
Many measurements have undergone makeovers over the years .
The meter was once defined as roughly the distance between scratches on a bar , a far cry from today 's high - tech standard involving the distance that light travels in a vacuum .
One of the leading alternatives for a 21st - century kilogram is a sphere made out of a Silicon - 28 isotope crystal , which would involve a single type of atom and have a fixed mass .
" We could obviously use a better definition , " Davis said .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Jacques Brinon , AP
A copy of a 118 - year - old cylinder that has been the international prototype for the metric mass .
American physicist Richard Davis said the reference kilo appears to have lost 50 micrograms compared to the average of dozens of copies .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
YouTube
March 19 , 2008
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Helen Briggs
Science reporter , BBC News
The animal was small , stocky and about the size of a raccoon
Remains found in the Kashmir region of India suggest the fox - sized mammal is the long - sought land - based ancestor of whales , dolphins and porpoises .
Research in Nature indicates the animal lived mainly on land but dived into water to escape predators .
Whales are known to be descended from land - dwellers but the " missing link " has been a mystery until now .
Although Indohyus , as it is known , looks nothing like the whales of today , it shares certain anatomical features .
We 've found the closest extinct relative to whales and it is closer than any living relative
Professor Hans Thewissen
The structures of its skull and ear are similar to those of early whales , and like other animals that spend a lot of time in water , it had thickened bones that provided ballast to keep its feet anchored in shallow water .
" We 've found the closest extinct relative to whales and it is closer than any living relative , " said study leader Professor Hans Thewissen of the Department of Anatomy at Northeastern Ohio Universities College of Medicine in Ohio , US .
Hippo link
Indohyus belongs to an ancient order of mammals that had two or four toes on each foot .
Modern day representatives of the group include camels , pigs , and hippopotamuses .
Hans Thewissen holding the skull of Indohyus
This led Professor Thewissen and his team to search for an older land - based ancestor that would fill in some of the gaps in our knowledge of the whale 's dramatic evolutionary journey from land to sea .
After seeing loose teeth and fragments of jaw bones found by the late Indian geologist A Ranga Rao some 25 years ago , Professor Thewissen obtained rock samples from Rao 's private collection .
They harboured a treasure trove of complete Indohyus fossils , including skulls and leg bones .
Dietary clues
The stable - oxygen - isotope composition of its teeth suggests the animal spent much of its time in water .
Some have assumed that the ancestor of whales first took to the water to feed on fish but the latest evidence suggests otherwise .
" The new model is that initially they were small deer - like animals that took to the water to avoid predators , " Professor Thewissen told BBC News .
" Then they started living in water , and then they switched their diet to become carnivores . "
Although the behaviour and habits of Indohyus appear somewhat strange , there is a modern day parallel in the African mousedeer ( chevrotain ) .
The mousedeer lives on land , but is known to leap into the water to avoid predators such as eagles .
Seriously , there 's a whole lot of shit that went on this year that we'd rather not have to explain to our children and grandchildren .
Let 's do our best to destroy every record of it .
If that fails and if you 're , in fact , reading this in the year 2107 , we 'll do our best to put it into context .
But , really , you had to be there .
7 Huddled Masses Lining Up for Bullshit
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The biggest shortage in 2007 was shortages .
In this part of the world , there was so much food and clothes and stuff stacked around us that we were n't really short on anything .
This was a terrible source of frustration for us , because it turns out shortages are kind of necessary .
They gave us a reason to get out of bed in the morning .
The whole phenomenon was made worse by a wave of adults who were raised in the 80's .
Movies like The Road Warrior and Terminator had promised us that by the time we grew up , we'd be living in the aftermath of a nuclear apocalypse , tear - assing around a wasteland wearing leather and firing huge guns at each other , while fighting over precious food and gasoline .
Shortages , in other words , were going to give us a blank check to act awesome .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
None of that happened and , by 2007 , shortage shortages were reaching desperate levels .
iPhone
In June , Apple released a phone that was the same as other phones , except instead of pushing buttons to make it work , you rubbed your finger around the screen .
Astonished by this life - changing invention , masses of desperate Americans took to the streets , braving the elements and camping out on sidewalks , clinging to the hope that they may finally escape the tyranny of their cruel , buttoned phones .
These people needed purpose in their lives , and for that one morning , their purpose was to get a fucking iPhone even if it meant sitting on the sidewalk all night in front of the Apple store .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
In July , fans ranging from age 10 to pedophile lined up at bookstores around the world for the midnight release of the seventh and final Harry Potter book .
Unlike the iPhone , there were in fact no shortages of the book and everyone involved knew that stacks of them would be available in every single retail outlet and grocery store in the free world the next day , and for the foreseeable future .
No , these lines were purely so that the fans could find out Harry 's fate that night , rather than getting a good night 's sleep and picking it up the next day .
Here was a line , not for the chance to have the desired object , but only to have it a few hours sooner than their friends , so that they would be first to know that ( SPOILER ) the good guys win and everything turns out OK ( END SPOILER ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Nintendo Wii
In November and December , the Christmas shopping season arrived , a holiday when the Western world celebrates the birth of free - market capitalism .
These days , the most important part of the ceremony is declaring one gift to be the " hot " gift of the season and swarming over it like a school of piranha skeletonizing a cow .
The object of the frenzy is usually some mildly amusing toy that the manufacturer has failed to make enough of .
In 2007 , for the second year in a row , this was the Nintendo Wii .
The Wii was an innovation over previous game consoles much in the same way the iPhone was an innovation over previous phones .
Instead of pushing the buttons on the controller to play the game , the user shook the controller like a maraca .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This innovation set the bullshit - buying public aflame , clawing and scratching each other for a spot in line at their local Best Buy , and paying grossly inflated prices on eBay .
THE WEDGE STRATEGY
CENTER FOR THE RENEWAL OF SCIENCE & CULTURE
INTRODUCTION
The proposition that human beings are created in the image of God is one of the bedrock principles on which Western civilization was built .
Its influence can be detected in most , if not all , of the West 's greatest achievements , including representative democracy , human rights , free enterprise , and progress in the arts and sciences .
Yet a little over a century ago , this cardinal idea came under wholesale attack by intellectuals drawing on the discoveries of modern science .
Debunking the traditional conceptions of both God and man , thinkers such as Charles Darwin , Karl Marx , and Sigmund Freud portrayed humans not as moral and spiritual beings , but as animals or machines who inhabited a universe ruled by purely impersonal forces and whose behavior and very thoughts were dictated by the unbending forces of biology , chemistry , and environment .
This materialistic conception of reality eventually infected virtually every area of our culture , from politics and economics to literature and art
The cultural consequences of this triumph of materialism were devastating .
Materialists denied the existence of objective moral standards , claiming that environment dictates our behavior and beliefs .
Such moral relativism was uncritically adopted by much of the social sciences , and it still undergirds much of modern economics , political science , psychology and sociology .
Materialists also undermined personal responsibility by asserting that human thoughts and behaviors are dictated by our biology and environment .
The results can be seen in modern approaches to criminal justice , product liability , and welfare .
In the materialist scheme of things , everyone is a victim and no one can be held accountable for his or her actions .
Finally , materialism spawned a virulent strain of utopianism .
Thinking they could engineer the perfect society through the application of scientific knowledge , materialist reformers advocated coercive government programs that falsely promised to create heaven on earth .
Discovery Institute 's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture seeks nothing less than the overthrow of materialism and its cultural legacies .
Bringing together leading scholars from the natural sciences and those from the humanities and social sciences , the Center explores how new developments in biology , physics and cognitive science raise serious doubts about scientific materialism and have re-opened the case for a broadly theistic understanding of nature .
The Center awards fellowships for original research , holds conferences , and briefs policymakers about the opportunities for life after materialism .
The Center is directed by Discovery Senior Fellow Dr. Stephen Meyer .
An Associate Professor of Philosophy at Whitworth College , Dr. Meyer holds a Ph.D. in the History and Philosophy of Science from Cambridge University .
He formerly worked as a geophysicist for the Atlantic Richfield Company .
THE WEDGE STRATEGY
Phase I .
Scientific Research , Writing & Publicity
Phase II .
Publicity & Opinion - making
Phase III .
Cultural Confrontation & Renewal
THE WEDGE PROJECTS
Phase I. Scientific Research , Writing & Publication
Individual Research Fellowship Program
Paleontology Research program ( Dr. Paul Chien et al. )
Molecular Biology Research Program ( Dr. Douglas Axe et al. )
Phase II .
Publicity & Opinion - making
Book Publicity
Opinion - Maker Conferences
Apologetics Seminars
Teacher Training Program
Op-ed Fellow
PBS ( or other TV ) Co-production
Publicity Materials / Publications
Phase III .
Cultural Confrontation & Renewal
Academic and Scientific Challenge Conferences
Potential Legal Action for Teacher Training
Research Fellowship Program : shift to social sciences and humanities
FIVE YEAR STRATEGIC PLAN SUMMARY
The social consequences of materialism have been devastating .
As symptoms , those consequences are certainly worth treating .
However , we are convinced that in order to defeat materialism , we must cut it off at its source .
That source is scientific materialism .
This is precisely our strategy .
If we view the predominant materialistic science as a giant tree , our strategy is intended to function as a " wedge " that , while relatively small , can split the trunk when applied at its weakest points .
The very beginning of this strategy , the " thin edge of the wedge , " was Phillip ] ohnson 's critique of Darwinism begun in 1991 in Darwinism on Trial , and continued in Reason in the Balance and Defeatng Darwinism by Opening Minds .
Michael Behe 's highly successful Darwin's Black Box followed Johnson 's work .
We are building on this momentum , broadening the wedge with a positive scientific alternative to materialistic scientific theories , which has come to be called the theory of intelligent design ( ID ) .
Design theory promises to reverse the stifling dominance of the materialist worldview , and to replace it with a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions .
The Wedge strategy can be divided into three distinct but interdependent phases , which are roughly but not strictly chronological .
We believe that , with adequate support , we can accomplish many of the objectives of Phases I and II in the next five years ( 1999 - 2003 ) , and begin Phase III ( See " Goals / Five Year Objectives / Activities " ) .
Phase I : Research , Writing and Publication
Phase II : Publicity and Opinion - making
Phase III : Cultural Confrontation and Renewal
Phase I is the essential component of everything that comes afterward .
Without solid scholarship , research and argument , the project would be just another attempt to indoctrinate instead of persuade .
A lesson we have learned from the history of science is that it is unnecessary to outnumber the opposing establishment .
Scientific revolutions are usually staged by an initially small and relatively young group of scientists who are not blinded by the prevailing prejudices and who are able to do creative work at the pressure points , that is , on those critical issues upon which whole systems of thought hinge .
So , in Phase I we are supporting vital witting and research at the sites most likely to crack the materialist edifice .
Phase II .
The pnmary purpose of Phase II is to prepare the popular reception of our ideas .
The best and truest research can languish unread and unused unless it is properly publicized .
For this reason we seek to cultivate and convince influential individuals in pnnt and broadcast media , as well as think tank leaders , scientists and academics , congressional staff , talk show hosts , college and seminary presidents and faculty , future talent and potential academic allies .
Because of his long tenure in politics , journalism and public policy , Discovery President Bruce Chapman brings to the project rare knowledge and acquaintance of key op - ed writers , journalists , and political leaders .
This combination of scientific and scholarly expertise and media and political connections makes the Wedge unique , and also prevents it from being " merely academic . "
Other activities include production of a PBS documentary on intelligent design and its implications , and popular op - ed publishing .
Alongside a focus on influential opinion - makers , we also seek to build up a popular base of support among our natural constituency , namely , Chnstians .
We will do this primarily through apologetics seminars .
We intend these to encourage and equip believers with new scientific evidence 's that support the faith , as well as to " popularize " our ideas in the broader culture .
Phase III .
Once our research and writing have had time to mature , and the public prepared for the reception of design theory , we will move toward direct confrontation with the advocates of materialist science through challenge conferences in significant academic settings .
We will also pursue possible legal assistance in response to resistance to the integration of design theory into public school science curricula .
The attention , publicity , and influence of design theory should draw scientific materialists into open debate with design theorists , and we will be ready .
With an added emphasis to the social sciences and humanities , we will begin to address the specific social consequences of materialism and the Darwinist theory that supports it in the sciences .
GOALS
Governing Goals
To defeat scientific materialism and its destructive moral , cultural and political legacies .
To replace materialistic explanations with the theistic understanding that nature and hurnan beings are created by God .
Five Year Goals
To see intelligent design theory as an accepted alternative in the sciences and scientific research being done from the perspective of design theory .
To see the beginning of the influence of design theory in spheres other than natural science .
To see major new debates in education , life issues , legal and personal responsibility pushed to the front of the national agenda .
Twenty Year Goals
To see intelligent design theory as the dominant perspective in science .
To see design theory application in specific fields , including molecular biology , biochemistry , paleontology , physics and cosmology in the natural sciences , psychology , ethics , politics , theology and philosophy in the humanities ; to see its innuence in the fine arts .
To see design theory permeate our religious , cultural , moral and political life .
FIVE YEAR OBJECTIVES
1 . A major public debate between design theorists and Darwinists ( by 2003 )
2 . Thirty published books on design and its cultural implications ( sex , gender issues , medicine , law , and religion )
3 . One hundred scientific , academic and technical articles by our fellows
4. Significant coverage in national media :
Cover story on major news magazine such as Time or Newsweek
PBS show such as Nova treating design theory fairly
Regular press coverage on developments in design theory
Favorable op - ed pieces and columns on the design movement by 3rd party media
5. Spiritual & cultural renewal :
Mainline renewal movements begin to appropriate insights from design theory , and to repudiate theologies influenced by materialism
Major Christian denomination (s ) defend (s ) traditional doctrine of creation & repudiate (s )
Darwinism Seminaries increasingly recognize & repudiate naturalistic presuppositions
Positive uptake in public opinion polls on issues such as sexuality , abortion and belief in God
6 . Ten states begin to rectify ideological imbalance in their science curricula & include design theory
7. Scientific achievements :
An active design movement in Israel , the UK and other influential countries outside the US
Ten CRSC Fellows teaching at major universities
Two universities where design theory has become the dominant view
Design becomes a key concept in the social sciences Legal reform movements base legislative proposals on design theory
ACTVITIES
(1) Research Fellowship Program ( for writing and publishing )
(2) Front line research funding at the " pressure points " ( e.g. , Daul Chien 's Chengjiang Cambrian Fossil Find in paleontology , and Doug Axe 's research laboratory in molecular biology )
(3) Teacher training
(4) Academic Conferences
(5) Opinion - maker Events & Conferences
(6) Alliance - building , recruitment of future scientists and leaders , and strategic partnerships with think tanks , social advocacy groups , educational organizations and institutions , churches , religious groups , foundations and media outlets
(7) Apologetics seminars and public speaking
(8) Op-ed and popular writing
(9) Documentaries and other media productions
( 10 ) Academic debates
( 11 ) Fund Raising and Development
( 12 ) General Administrative support
THE WEDGE STRATEGY PROGRESS SUMMARY
Books
William Dembski and Paul Nelson , two CRSC Fellows , will very soon have books published by major secular university publishers , Cambridge University Press and The University of Chicago Press , respectively .
( One critiques Darwinian materialism ; the other offers a powerful altenative . )
Nelson 's book , On Common Descent , is the seventeenth book in the prestigious University of Chicago " Evolutionary Monographs " series and the first to critique neo-Dacwinism .
Dembski's book , The Design Inference , was back - ordered in June , two months prior to its release date .
These books follow hard on the heals of Michael Behe 's Darwin 's Black Box ( The Free Press ) which is now in paperback after nine print runs in hard cover .
So far it has been translated into six foreign languages .
The success of his book has led to other secular publishers such as McGraw Hill requesting future titles from us .
This is a breakthrough .
InterVarsity will publish our large anthology , Mere Creation ( based upon the Mere Creation conference ) this fall , and Zondervan is publishing Maker of Heaven and Earth : Three Views of the Creation - Evolution Contoversy , edited by fellows John Mark Reynolds and J.P. Moreland .
McGraw Hill solicited an expedited proposal from Meyer , Dembski and Nelson on their book Uncommmon Descent .
Finally , Discovery Fellow Ed Larson has won the Pulitzer Prize for Summer for the Gods , his retelling of the Scopes Trial , and InterVarsity has just published his co-authored attack on assisted suicide , A Different Death .
Academic Articles
Our fellows recently have been featured or published articles in major sciendfic and academic journals in The Proceedings to the National Academy of Sciences , Nature , The Scientist , The American Biology Teacher , Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications , Biochemirtry , Philosophy and Biology , Faith & Philosophy , American Philosophical Quarterly , Rhetoric & Public Affairs , Analysis , Book & Culture , Ethics & Medicine , Zygon , Perspectives on Science and the Christian Faith , Relgious Studies , Christian Scholars ' Review , The Southern Journal of Philosophy , and the Journal of Psychalogy and Theology .
Many more such articles are now in press or awaiting review at major secular journals as a result of our first round of research fellowships .
Our own journal , Origins & Design , continues to feature scholarly contribudons from CRSC Fellows and other scientists .
Television and Radio Appearances
During 1997 our fellows appeared on numerous radio programs ( both Christian and secular ) and five nationally televised programs , TechnoPolitics , Hardball with Chris Matthews , Inside the Law , Freedom Speaks , and Firing Line .
The special edition of TechnoPolitics that we produced with PBS in November elicited such an unprecedented audience response that the producer Neil Freeman decided to air a second episode from the " out takes . "
His enthusiasm for our intellectual agenda helped stimulate a special edition of William F. Buckley 's Firing Line , featuring Phillip Johnson and two of our fellows , Michael Behe and David Berlinski .
At Ed Atsinger 's invitation , Phil Johnson and Steve Meyer addressed Salem Communications ' Talk Show Host conference in Dallas last November .
As a result , Phil and Steve have been interviewed several times on Salem talk shows across the country .
For example , in ]uly Steve Meyer and Mike Behe were interviewed for two hours on the nationally broadcast radio show ] anet Parshall 's America .
Canadian Public Radio ( CBC ) recently featured Steve Meyer on their Tapestry program .
The episode , " God & the Scientists , " has aired all across Canada .
And in April , William Craig debated Oxford atheist Peter Atkins in Atlanta before a large audience ( moderated by William F. Buckley ) , which was broadcast live via satellite link , local radio , and intenet " webcast . "
Newspaper and Magazine Articles
The Firing Line debate generated positive press coverage for our movement in , of all places , The New York Times , as well as a column by Bill Buckley .
In addition , our fellows have published recent articles & op - eds in both the secular and Christian press , including , for example , The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , The Washington Times , National Review , Commentary , Touchstone , The Detroit News , The Boston Review , The Seattle Post - lntelligenter , Christianity Toady , Cosmic Pursuits and World .
An op - ed piece by Jonathan Wells and Steve Meyer is awaiting publication in the Washington Post .
Their article criticizes the National Academy of Science book Teaching about Evolution for its selective and ideological presentation of scientific evidence .
Similar articles are in the works .
Before I start with the list , I ’d like to credit my motivation and much of the content of this article to a friend of mine named Will for starting the following conversation with me :
( 02:54:39 ) Will : so we were thinking of this for a party next quarter
( 02:54:46 ) Will : and i wanted to get a jew 's perspective
( 02:55:02 ) Me : this should be good
( 02:55:03 ) Will : what if we had “ nazi party ”
( 02:55:17 ) Will : would you be offended
( 02:55:47 ) Me : no , but people would get really tired of hearing the “ my grandfather got drunk and fell out of a guard tower ” joke
Granted , I ’m only half Jewish on my father ’s side , which makes me technically not Jewish at all , but I ’m still the most Jewish person he knows .
Anyway , without further adieu , I give you :
1. The Nazi Party
Treat your drunk Nazi Party - goers to a blast from the past with “ The Time Machine ” !
Storm Troopers handing out jungle juice , Eva Braun in a miniskirt doing a kegstand — what could be better ?
I can name a few things .
For one , this is the one time per year your Hitler ‘ stache will be in vogue .
Also , ever had a party become so big the fire marshal stopped letting people in ?
Unleash the Blitzkrieg .
Even if your troops are too drunk to take over another house , you can probably still get Poland to surrender with an angry phone call .
Finally , with this theme comes the single greatest themed room of all time .
Mess with the pipes a little bit , get an ounce of pot , and suddenly the showers become The Gas Chamber .
If you ’re SAE , you can even force a few pledges to tattoo stars of David on their arms and lie naked on the floor .
2. The Plantation Party
This one ’s pretty simple : everybody has fun but the black people , who toil endlessly and thanklessly to entertain those of proud Caucasian heritage .
Understandably , some groups will be afraid that this is discriminatory and offensive .
If you share these worries , you can always throw the same party using pledges to do the work instead .
Of course , then it ’s just a frat party .
3. The Prohibition Party
30 ’s attire is optional , but no liquor !
If you ’re clever , you ’ll find some Mexican or Canadian friends outside the party and sneak alcohol in cleverly concealed in coffee ( think of it as the 40 - year - old ’s Red Bull and vodka ) .
Just remember , though , those men dressed in kooky 30 ’s police outfits are actually security guards , and if they catch you , they ’ll throw you in the paddy wagon !
Seriously , though , you ’ll go to jail with an MIP .
4. The Toga Party
Just kidding !
The toga party is actually a time - honored college tradition .
5 . The AIDS Party
Rejected only because it seems offensive , this is actually the greatest party of all time .
After all , the staples of the AIDS Party are unprotected sex and shared needles .
Even better , if you come dressed as and acting like an AIDS victim , before the end of the night you wo n’t even have to pretend to be infected anymore !
6. Golf Pros and Tennis Hoes
Seriously , this one just sucks .
7. The Green Party
This is n’t so much a party of its own as much as the act of stealing just enough hot girls and beer from what would otherwise be a successful party to ruin it .
See , I can write political humor too .
8. The Darfur Party ( or Janjaweed Bros and Zaghawa Hoes )
Girls , tonight the only costume you need is your anorexia ( though I guess to be fair that ’s pretty much been half your costume for every party in college ) .
Slutty starving orphan is the garb of the day , and if the line for the keg is too long , you can always start a jihad to take over the bar .
Also , points to the people who manage to get a loudmouthed drunk to have sex with a camel .
9 . The Katrina Party
This is actually a variation of the “ Build the Bar ” party .
For those of you unfamiliar , the Build the Bar party requires each person to bring a handle of alcohol to build the bar .
The variation here is that you have to acquire your alcohol by looting .
Also , at any point , you ’re allowed to yell “ Hurricane ! ” and throw a bucket of water on someone .
Of course , they ’re also allowed to yell “ Police helicopter ! ” and shoot you .
10 . The Rejected Theme Themed Party
On the one hand , this could turn out brilliantly — slutty Eva Braun making out with sluttier orphans in The Gas Chamber .
On the other hand , people could take the fun out of the night by choosing poor , offensive costumes , and God knows we would n’t want to end up with a Golf Pros and Tennis Hoes party .
A few minutes ago I witnessed something very strange .
I was walking out of the McDonalds on 44th street in Wyoming , MI near US 131 .
I took the front door instead of the side for some reason , and happened to walk past an outdoor table with three people .
One was a young woman , Hispanic , crying .
The other two were tall white men , who were speaking angrily to her .
The only words I heard as I walked past were “ get an attorney ” from one of the men .
Something seemed very wrong .
I walked back into the McDonalds and stopped by the door to watch , to see if I could figure out what was going on .
One of the cashiers told me they had been indoors and just moved outside , and they seemed to be interrogating her ; they were acting like cops .
As I watched , the men left , one at a time , and I came out to see if the woman needed help ; a woman in a van who ’d been going through the drive - through had already stopped to ask if she needed help and see what was going on .
Soon another woman in another van stopped too .
The young woman said that the men had said they were Homeland Security agents but had n’t shown her any badges .
They ’d grilled her about illegal drugs , but she had no idea what they were talking about .
Apparently they had called her at home and told her to meet them there .
I asked if there were any immigration issues , was there any reason she would n’t want to call the police and she said no , she was born in Los Angeles , and the woman who ’d stopped to help explained that she ’d already offered the woman a ride home ( she ’d walked ; she lived a few blocks away ) so she could be with her family and call the police .
One of the men had given her a business card that said , if I remember correctly , Homeland Security , Detroit office , with “ Detroit ” crossed off and “ G.R. ” written in in marker , and a phone number crossed off and a new one written on the back in marker .
At the suggestion of the woman in the van I ran and got a cellphone photo of the car of the guy who had started driving off in a gold SUV , who was still waiting to turn onto 44th street — the other had driven away in a small beat - up sports car ( again , if I remember correctly ) .
I gave them my phone number in case they needed me and the first woman who ’d stopped drove the young woman home .
I do n’t know what the hell is going on , but if these guys were really Feds ( I assume they were , because the detail of the crossed out business card is n’t something somebody would fake if they were going to fake things ) I just got a little taste of the Federal Police State here in GR .
I ’m guessing these guys knew they were doing something they should n’t be , because they scattered when that woman in the van stopped to ask the woman if she needed help .
I want to call the cops myself or call the newspaper and tell them what ’s going on , but I do n’t have any details .
I did n’t get anybody ’s name or number myself , I just gave them mine .
I ’m proud of my community that by the time I got there to offer help two other people had already arrived .
But I sure do n’t like the way the country is going .
That ’s been true for some time but today I got a little taste of it in real life instead of the news .
EDIT : Final disclaimer : I do n’t know what was going on there .
I do n’t have all the facts .
I just got a very , very bad impression of what was going on from what I saw .
Fred Thompson has only been in the Republican race a day and he ’s already causing controversy :
ABC News ’ Bret Hovell and Jennifer Parker report : Former Sen. Fred Thompson , R - Tenn. , has only been an official Republican presidential candidate for a day .
But his comments are already drawing fire from his GOP rivals .
“ Bin Laden is more symbolism than anything else , ” Thompson said while campaign in Iowa Friday .
“ I think it demonstrates to people once again that we ’re in a global war . ”
Sen . John McCain , R - Ariz. , publicly disagreed with Thompson , arguing the al - Qaeda leader poses a significant threat to Americans .
“ He ’s more than a symbol , ” McCain told ABC News when asked about Thompson ’s comments .
“ He ’s motivating and recruiting using the internet as we speak .
He ’s a threat .
He ’s a threat . ”
McCain said bin Laden poses an enormous threat to Americans because of his ability to communicate , motivate and recruit people who are dedicated to the destruction of the U.S .
“ It ’s very important that we get him .
I ’ll get him , ” McCain said .
Besides eating to lose weight , why not eat to improve your productivity ?
Whether the following foods help sharpen your eyesight , keep your brain focused , or just fill you up without making you feel lazy , you ’ll find they ’ll help you keep your day on track .
Most of us can be productive in the mornings , but if you find that you ’re unable to concentrate or simply lose the energy to keep going many afternoons , these energy and brainpower boosting foods are what you need .
As long as you do n’t forget to eat the skin , it does n’t matter how you ingest your eggplant .
Eggplant skin contains the nutrient naunin , which keeps your brain sharp by increasing communication between your brain cells and messenger molecules .
You wo n’t be able to help staying focused after eating eggplant .
If you need a boost of energy , steer clear of the carbs and grab a pack of raisins .
These high - energy fruits are low in fat and calories and rich in antioxidants which help restore your body ’s most important cells .
Now that you ’re over the age of eight , we hope you can finally appreciate why your mother made you eat your lima beans .
Lima beans give you tons of energy from iron and dietary fiber while preventing your body from absorbing too much sugar .
Iron helps you get a good night ’s sleep , as it prevents anemia , a leading cause in sleepless nights for women .
Eating corn can help combat stress , so eat up .
The important nutrient pantothenic acid is prevalent in corn , which helps metabolism and alleviates stress .
Figs have the best kind of dietary fiber that maintains high energy levels while keeping your appetite far away .
Whether you find fresh figs or a pack of the dried fruit , enjoy its natural sweetness .
While doctors continue to debate over the good and bad effects of tuna , especially when consumed by pregnant women , there ’s no way to ignore the fact that tuna is the original brain food .
Not only does tuna help you focus , it also fends off depression .
Tuna is good for your heart and helps prevent childhood asthma .
Make like Popeye and inhale that spinach .
Full of practically every nutrient you could think of , spinach is the easiest way to take in all your vitamins at once .
In addition to fighting cancer and building strong bones and muscles , spinach reduces stress and help keeps your brain young and focused .
Chicken is a lean alternative to beef .
It is filled with protein and important B vitamins that give you loads of energy and speed up your metabolism .
Eat chicken several times a week and you ’ll never be too tired to exercise again .
Turnip greens usually do n’t get as much credit as they should .
A not - so - popular vegetable among children , turnip greens help keep your mind sharp as you creep into old age .
Top off your salad with fresh green beans and feel your energy bounce back .
Green beans are packed with iron and zinc , as well as immune - strengthening vitamins A and C.Cod , like the other fish that appear on this list , is an optimal way to get your protein without indulging in a lot of calories .
It also helps your brain stay focused and ward off depression .
This all - natural food is an easy way to get some energy - boosting protein fast .
Spread hummus on whole grain bread or rye bread for a tasty and quick snack .
Pick a hearty wheat or whole grain version of this ancient food to reap its health benefits .
Pita bread generally has a few more calories than regular sliced bread , but it will help you stay full and focused longer .
Get back in the game after just a swallow of this childhood favorite .
In moderation , peanut butter makes a great snack .
Indulge in a spoonful to curb your appetite and cravings for sugar .
15 . Kidney beans :
These large beans are vital for maintaining high energy levels for long periods of time .
Add to chili for a satisfying meal .
16 . Honey : Drizzle a little honey on your morning toast , and you ’ll not only get rid of your sugar cravings , you ’ll also decrease your chances of catching a virus or other nasty disease .
17 . Walnuts
The omega 3 fatty acids found in walnuts help you think more clearly and keep you focused your day .
Also excellent sources of protein , walnuts are a delicious alternative to potato chips .
18 . Sunflower seeds : Sunflower seeds are another popular , but uncommon , way to beat fatigue .
They require a lot of work to eat , so your mouth will get a lot of exercise , forcing your body to work for its food .
19 . Lemons : A squeeze of lemon in your tea or even sucking a sliced lemon for a few seconds will wake up your mouth and give you that extra pep you need to finish the day .
20 . Sage : Banish forgetfulness with an extra dash of sage .
Sage has been proven to improve memory , so you can start untying those strings from around your finger .
Eyesight
For many entrepreneurs , long hours in front of the computer screen has become an absolute necessity .
These foods that benefit the eyes will help you ensure that all that time spent staring at a 17 inch screen does n’t wear your eyes out .
As with the other fruits on this list , strawberries help your eyesight .
If you ’re glaring at your computer all day or just enjoy watching a lot of TV , you ’re going to need all the help you can get .
Eating strawberries has also been linked to preventing cancer .
22 . Carrots :
One cup of chopped carrots will give you six times your recommended daily value of Vitamin A .
They improve eyesight , especially in the dark .
Rumor has it that carrots will also make your eyes sparkle .
23 . Smoothies : Smoothies made with real fruit are a tasty , filling way to take in a significant amount of fruits .
You ’ll feel like you ’re indulging in a naughty snack , but you ’re not .
24 . Flaxseeds :
If you ’ve been working or studying all day , your eyes are probably feeling a little dried out .
Flaxseeds help prevent dry eye syndrome , allowing you to feel fresh even after a hard day .
General Productivity Boosters
The foods in this category do n’t just boost your productivity in a single way , but rather they help you across multiple categories .
Not just a fish dish delicacy , a single serving of salmon is also full of healthy benefits .
Low in calories but high in important omega 3 fatty acids and protein , salmon will keep your appetite at bay while you concentrate on your busy day .
Salmon is known for keeping high - blood pressure in check – a benefit for the demanding currency trading lifestyle .
Salmon also lowers your chances of sunburn , dry eyes , stroke , prostate cancer , and even minimizes feelings of hostility in young adults .
Without the distractions of moody adolescents , you ’ll be able to get twice as much done !
26 . Shrimp : Low in calories but high in Vitamin D and protein , shrimp is an excellent choice for a snack or even a whole meal .
Good for the heart and the brain , shrimp will help you age gracefully while it decreases your chances of Alzheimer’s .
27 . Water : Water is probably the most underestimated health drink on the planet .
Water speeds up your metabolism , keeps you hydrated , helps skin stay acne - free , and kills appetite .
You ’ll also be flushing out your digestive system and colon .
28 . Turkey :
This lean meat is n’t just for Thanksgiving .
Turkey is a huge source of protein and energy .
It helps your body fight cancer .
Just do n’t eat a turkey sandwich for lunch if you ’ve got a busy afternoon ahead of you because turkey is full of tryptophan that make you sleepy .
29 . Mustard Greens : Mustard greens prevent the chances of your body developing asthma and helps relax your muscles if you already have it , allowing you to breathe more easily and regularly .
30 .
Dill : Dill is a popular seasoning not just for its zippy flavor but also for its ability to control bacteria growth .
It contains calcium , iron , and magnesium , helping your bones stay strong while you rush around .
31 . Plums :
Not only do plums have a lot of iron , they improve your body ’s chances of absorbing enough iron .
32 . Sweet potatoes : Sweet potatoes , also known as yams , are surprisingly good for you .
Despite their sweet taste , they have been recently labeled as the “ antidiabetic food . ”
As it turns out , sweet potatoes maintain a balance of your blood sugar levels .
They also contain an impressive number of antioxidants and proteins .
33 . Papaya :
The benefits to eating papaya are endless .
The colorful fruit helps protect you against the potential damages of secondhand smoke , rheumatoid arthritis , and even the common cold .
34 . Pear :
If you ’re allergic to many of the fruits on this list , try a pear .
Pears are hypo- allergenic , so they provide you with all the healthy benefits of any other fruit , without the nasty side effects .
35 . Cauliflower : Like most other vegetables included on this list , cauliflower has an immense amount of Vitamin C and impressive detoxifying capabilities .
Just do n’t pour on the ranch dressing , or you ’ll also be getting a lot of fat and calories .
Avoiding Colds and Other Common Illnesses
Being productive is as much about minimizing downtime as it is about having more energy .
These foods will help boost your immune system and ensure that your out of commission for fewer days each year .
Unless you like getting colds , you ’d better drink your OJ everyday .
As a prime source of vitamin C , orange juice will keep you energized and healthy … not to mention out of bed and sneeze - free .
37 .
Bell peppers :
Want to maintain your busy lifestyle ?
Better include bell peppers in your daily diet .
It does n’t matter what color , red , green , or yellow , each variety of bell peppers is full of Vitamin A and C , as well as other nutrients which will keep away joint pain and nasty colds .
38 . Green tea :
You may not believe it , but green tea is as healthy as it is trendy .
Full of beneficial antioxidants , green tea also strengthens your immune system , saving you a trip to the doctor .
39 . Pumpkin seeds : Pumpkin seeds are a tasty , salty snack that reduce symptoms of arthritis and keep you on the move .
They strengthen your immune system , so instead of chowing down on sticky candy this Halloween save those pumpkin seeds and snack away .
40 . Summer squash : Summer squash , or zucchini , is a tasty vegetable that fights diseases big and small .
Packed with Vitamin C , folates , and fiber , squash fights against colds and arthritis , metabolic disorders , and even cancer .
41 . Ground cinnamon :
Next time you feel a cough or the chills coming on drink some tea spiked with ground cinnamon .
The spice ’s warming powers will ease your discomfort and may help ward off the cold altogether .
42 . Garlic :
As long as you pack some mints , it ’s more than okay to indulge in a little garlic .
Garlic is a natural anti-inflammatory , meaning that it is an excellent way to help your body fight infections from the common cold to HIV .
43 . Apricots : Eating apricots regularly will reduce your chances of getting sick .
This fruit is also good for your heart and keeps your eyes sharp .
44 . Cayenne pepper : Sprinkle a little cayenne pepper on your meal , and clear up a stuffy nose , wake up a lazy mind , or speed up your metabolism .
Cayenne pepper also acts as a natural pain reliever , so simple aches and pains wo n’t be able to stand in your way .
45 . Cranberries :
If you ’ve got a urinary tract infection , you wo n’t be able to concentrate on anything .
Drink some cranberry juice ( cranberry juice concentrate wo n’t do the trick ) and down a handful or two of the fresh fruit itself .
You wo n’t have to wait too long before the natural healing effects take over .
46 . Cloves :
Add cloves to homemade soup or when baking a spice cake , and you ’ll not only protect yourself from dangerous environmental toxins , you ’ll also ease any annoying joint pain .
47 . Clementines : Clementines are a delicious , portable fruit , so feel free to take 2 or even 3 along with you as you head out the door .
Clementines may be small , but they ’re loaded with potassium , antioxidants , and of course Vitamin C. Dip in chocolate for an extra special treat .
Improving Digestion and Sleep
All the energy foods in the world wo n’t do you any good if you are n’t getting a decent night ’s sleep or are constantly having stomach pains .
The foods in this category will help to settle your stomach and ensure that you will be rested for the next day .
Black beans give your body the right kinds of dietary fiber which help clear out your digestive system and keep your tummy from growling between meals .
Great as a topper on salads or mixed with salsa for a delicious dip , black beans are also an excellent source of iron , which gives you more energy and focus throughout the day .
49 .
Bran cereal : Bran is a huge source of dietary fiber , which keeps you full and cleans out your digestive system .
Great for battling constipation , bran will keep your mind on your day and not on having to use the restroom .
50 .
Avocado : Avocados are full of dietary fiber and potassium , which will keep you from cramping up due to bloating .
Add a little avocado to your salad or appetizer menu and sleep like a baby .
51 . Apples :
You already know that an apple a day keeps the doctor away , but do you know why ?
This sweet snack has a lot of fiber which cleans out your digestive tract while preventing stroke and lowering cholesterol levels .
52 . Brown rice :
Your body digests brown rice much more easily than white rice , all the while soaking up the grain ’s valuable nutrients .
Brown rice lowers cholesterol and is packed with energy - giving fiber and manganese .
53 . Onions : Adding onions to any dish will add taste while lowering your blood sugar .
Onions are also good for the overall health of your stomach , settling that queasy tummy during a hangover .
54 . Grapefruit : Loaded with Vitamin C , grapefruit is one of the best ways to fight a cold so you ’re alert during the day and decongested enough to sleep at night .
It even gives protection against painful kidney stones .
55 .
Pound cake : Munch on pound cake or another sensible dessert to help you drift off to dreamland .
Studies show that carbohydrates and comfort food ease your body into a deep sleep .
Just be careful not to overindulge or you ’ll start packing on the pounds fast .
56 . Pinto beans : Beans , beans , magical fruit .
While most beans boost the ability to clear out your digestive tract in no time flat , pinto beans are probably the best at it .
Also a great source of fiber , pinto beans are just another food that keeps your mind on your work , not your appetite .
57 . Celery : Celery is a great source for Vitamin C and is a popular diuretic .
Say goodbye to bloating and cramps when you pile on the celery .
58 . Cucumbers : Kill two birds with one stone when you eat your cucumbers .
Loaded with fiber , cucumbers are full of water , which your body needs to help you digest the high - energy giving fiber .
59 .
Peppermint :
If you ’ve got a stomach ache or just need to perk up a little bit , try some peppermint .
Peppermint is a known muscle relaxant which eases your tummy .
It helps you breathe easier , clearing up nasal passages and easing sinus pressure .
Get rid of that headache and get back your concentration .
60 . Ginger : Beat nausea and gas with ginger tea or ginger snap cookies .
A powerful fighter against motion sickness , morning sickness , and bad gas , ginger eases your tummy muscles and combats gas naturally .
61 . Pineapple : A serving of fresh pineapple eases your digestive tract and will keep cramps at bay , all while satisfying your desire to nibble on something sweet .
62 . Cantaloupe : Cantaloupe is one of the best sources of Vitamin A , but it is also rich in potassium .
A good choice for anyone who does a lot of walking or running .
Cantaloupe will keep your muscles elastic and cramp - free .
63 .
Soybeans :
If you ’ve been having trouble sleeping , eat soybeans with your dinner .
High levels of tryptophan will increase your chances of falling and staying awake all night long .
64 . Asparagus : Cooked in a casserole or laid gracefully along a plate of lamb , asparagus is full of healthy benefits .
A natural diuretic , asparagus combats bloating and PMS , while also protecting a new fetus as it develops inside the uterus .
Low Fat Filling Foods
Bootstrappers often lead a sedentary lifestyle , meaning that if you want to remain fit and productive you ’ll need to keep your fat consumption down .
The foods in this category are designed to fill you up without expanding your waistline .
Salsa makes a delicious add - on to breakfast eggs or virtually any appetizer , but it also helps control weight gain .
An appetite suppressant , salsa helps the body burn calories throughout the day , keeping your mind from obsessing about calorie counting and snacking .
66 . Egg whites :
All the protein of regular eggs without the calories and fat that raise your cholesterol .
A favorite among dieters and athletes , egg whites and a sensible exercise routine will keep you looking trim and strong .
67 . Venison :
Whether you shoot it yourself or buy it from the store , venison is a healthy way to enjoy your red meat .
Extremely high in protein , venison is surprisingly low in saturated fat .
Instead of feeling groggy and greasy after your meal , you ’ll feel energized and healthy .
68 . Yogurt : Low - fat yogurt is an easy alternative to drinking a glass of milk each day .
Yet another great source of calcium , yogurt is also rich in nutrients like B12 , good - for - you bacteria and iodine , which strengthen your immune system and even adds years to your life .
69 .
Cheese : Cheese is n’t just a valuable source of calcium ; it also keeps your muscles elastic , which decreases your chance of experiencing injury or soreness .
Be sensible , of course , layering a low - fat variety on your sandwich or eating a handful of cheese cubes is much more healthy than indulging in a greasy slice of pizza .
70 . Milk : Lowfat and skim milk are full of calcium but low in unnecessary fat and calories .
Drinking a glass will keep your stomach full and away from the vending machines .
Recent studies also suggest that milk helps your body ’s ability to burn fat and lose weight .
Drink up !
71 . Almonds : Almonds are any weight watcher ’s dream snack .
Filled with good fats that your body can work off quickly , almonds stay with you so you ’re not constantly craving more food .
Keep a can on your desk and keep your stomach quiet while you work .
72 . Potatoes : Stay away from the sour cream and bacon bits , and you ’ll enjoy your potato ’s health benefits as much as the filling vegetable itself .
Dieters often shun the potato because of its starches and carbohydrates , but eating a potato is a surprisingly low - calorie food , which also gives your body the cancer - fighting nutrients it needs .
73 .
Tofu :
A healthier alternative to meat , tofu still manages to deliver the needed protein , iron and other nutrients to your body .
Tofu is a must - include food for any woman going through menopause , as it maintains a balance of fluctuating estrogen levels and rids your body of symptoms like hot flashes .
Talk about improved productivity .
74 . Watermelon : Slicing up a watermelon is another great way to have dessert without having to count calories .
Despite its simple construction , watermelon is a powerful cancer fighter and energy booster .
75 .
Snow peas :
This healthy vegetable doubles as a crunchy snack that might just help you stay awake .
The low - calorie food means you can snap away on as many as you ’d like , exercising your mouth and avoid falling asleep at your desk .
76 . Snapper : Another take on the fish plate is snapper .
Snapper is great for your heart but low in calories , so do n’t feel bad about going back for seconds !
77 . Diet soda :
If you have to drink soda , better make it diet .
You ’ll eliminate empty calories and teeth - destroying sugar , but still benefit from the caffeine .
78 . Vanilla soy milk : Flavored soy milk makes drinking your milk as tasty as downing a vanilla shake .
Instead of all that sugar and fat , you ’ll enjoy the lasting benefits of protein .
79 .
Whole wheat pasta :
If you ’re dying for Italian food , do n’t deny yourself a hearty bowl of good pasta .
Substitute white flour pasta for the whole wheat variety .
Your body will work off the whole wheat faster , and after dinner you wo n’t be lying around complaining that you ’re too stuffed to do anything .
80 .
Low fat frozen yogurt : A cool burst of this refreshing dessert will wake up your mouth and your mind in no time .
Indulging in a sweet treat also helps break up your day .
Controlling Blood Pressure and Becoming Heart Healthy
Entrepreneurs are generally an anxious bunch .
All that worrying and hustling can be terrible for your heart , so its important to control your blood pressure .
Bananas are rich in Vitamin B and C , but they ’re most appreciated for their extremely high levels of potassium , which maintain blood pressure and reduce the probability of stroke .
Bananas also contain a vital but often overlooked nutrient called fructooligosaccharide , which increases your body ’s ability to absorb calcium and build strong bones .
82 . Dark chocolate : Indulging in a piece of rich dark chocolate once a day will satisfy your craving for sweets while lowering blood pressure and giving you a load of antioxidants .
It ’s also been suggested to act as an aphrodisiac , so what are you waiting for ?
83 . Scallops : Scallops are packed with protein , magnesium and vitamin B12 , reducing your risk of blood clots and heart problems .
84 . Romaine lettuce :
When you ’re washing lettuce for your salad , pay extra attention to the green , leafy kind .
Romaine lettuce is packed with Vitamins K , A , and C , and is also good for your heart .
85 . Olives : Olives are another small but significant anti-inflammatory , as they reduce symptoms of asthma , arthritis , and even menopause .
Whether you add them to your pizza or salad , do n’t forget the olives !
86 . Kiwi : Another surprising food that alleviates asthma symptoms kiwi .
It reduces the uncomfortable wheezing associated with the respiratory disease .
Also an excellent source for antioxidants , refreshing kiwi will also help your body stabilize blood sugar .
87 . Grapes :
Another heart - healthy fruit , grapes can help balance out fattier foods and prevent the formation of dangerous blood clots .
88 . Collard greens : Guilty only by association , collard greens are an incredible source of nutrients , not a greasy home - cooked artery clogger .
Rich in Vitamins A , C , and K , collard greens are a menacing weapon against breast cancer .
Cancer and Long - Term Illness Prevention
While we commonly think of productivity in the short - term , when considering your health and that of your company , it is important to recognize that long - term illness can pose a very serious riskGrab a handful to curb your craving for sweets or sprinkle on top of a dessert to satisfy your Vitamin C and E intake .
Blueberries also help your eyes quickly adjust to the dark and stay alert during nighttime hours .
Blueberries help the brain stay young and avoid the progression of Alzheimer ’s disease and other age - related brain degenerations .
Prime blueberry season lasts May - October .
90 .
Kale :
The cancer - fighting advantages of this leafy green vegetable are enormous .
Vitamins K , A , and C are abundant in just one serving , as are other key elements such as dietary fiber , iron , calcium , and omega 3 fatty acids .
Kale protects eyes against damaging UV rays and lowers chances for arthritis .
Good news whether you ’re an athlete or your job has you locked to the keyboard all day !
91 . Cabbage :
While cabbage contains huge amounts of Vitamin K and other important minerals , its health benefits are especially significant for women .
Increasing the rate at which estrogen is broken down , cabbage is good for a cancer - preventing diet .
92 . Tomatoes : Tomatoes offer an impressive amount of vitamins as well as being a lead contender in the fight against prostate cancer .
Slice up for a salad or roast along with tasty summer vegetables for a spicy side dish .
93 .
Leeks :
Adding leeks to your salad or soup will give your vitamin A and C levels a needed boost , as well as helps your body fight colon and prostate cancer .
A vegetable with virtually no calories , leeks are a great snacking choice if you ’re trying to quit smoking .
Keep your mouth occupied and the weight off while you nibble on this semi-sweet treat .
94 . Broccoli : Just one serving of broccoli will give you a double dose of your daily Vitamin C. Broccoli also helps prevent ulcers and prostate and bladder cancers .
So add it as a side to your dinner instead of fries or greasy chips .
95 .
Rye bread :
Do n’t reach for that sticky white bread any longer .
Rye contains as much if not more cancer - fighting nutrients than vegetables and will help you feeling full longer .
96 . Raspberries :
For a fruit so small , raspberries are an enormous source of antioxidants .
Raspberries are one of the only fruits that contain ellagitannins , making them a must on our list and an excellent combatant against cancer .
97 . Basil : Sprinkling just a couple of teaspoons on in your tomato sauce can help protect your family ’s genes .
Basil strengthens your DNA cell structures and protects against unwanted bacteria which could make you sick .
98 . Crimini mushrooms :
These darker mushrooms are rich in valuable antioxidants and iron , combating colon cancer and other diseases while increasing your chances of getting a good night ’s sleep .
99 .
Brussels sprouts :
Another key ingredient to avoiding getting sick , Brussels sprouts are full of Vitamins K and C .
They also work to clean out your system and fight many types of cancer .
100 .
Seaweed :
Do n’t cringe , it ’s good for you .
And for your potential baby .
Seaweed prevents many birth defects , as well as lessening menopause symptoms .
Now that we ’ve provided you with 100 healthy foods , you wo n’t have any more excuses as to why you ’re feeling a tickle in your throat or why you ’re groggy and lethargic because of a too - full tummy .
Try to incorporate foods from this list into your daily meals , and you ’ll experience better and longer productivity all day everyday .
Opinion and analysis of current events : Geopolitics , U.S. politics , global warming and more .
A realistic , moderate , left leaning look at politics .
The time is quickly approaching when the apologists for Hugo Chavez will no longer be able to deny that he ’s a dictator .
And , it seems , the first signs are already there :
CARACAS , Venezuela ( AP ) — Gunmen opened fire on students returning from a march Wednesday in which 80,000 people denounced President Hugo Chavez ’s attempts to expand his power .
At least eight people were injured , including one by gunfire , officials said .
Photographers for The Associated Press saw at least four gunmen — their faces covered by ski masks or T - shirts — firing handguns at the anti-Chavez crowd .
Terrified students ran through the campus as ambulances arrived .
National Guard troops gathered outside the Central University of Venezuela , the nation ’s largest and a center for opposition to Chavez ’s government .
Venezuelan law bars state security forces from entering the campus , but Luis Acuna , the minister of higher education , said they could be called in if the university requests them .
Antonio Rivero , director of Venezuela ’s Civil Defense agency , told local Union Radio that at least eight people were injured , including one by gunfire , and that no one had been killed .
Earlier , Rivero said he had been informed that one person had died in the violence .
The violence broke out after anti-Chavez demonstrators — led by university students — marched peacefully to the Supreme Court to protest constitutional changes that Venezuelans will consider in a December referendum .
The amendments would abolish presidential term limits , give the president control over the Central Bank and let him create new provinces governed by handpicked officials .
When Radiohead announced last week that they would be releasing their seventh album , In Rainbows , via their official Web site , there was much fanfare and some honest - to - goodness debate about the future of the music industry , the validity of major labels and just how people consume music .
But in the days since that announcement , a whole lot of that fanfare has curdled , thanks to moves by the band and its management that some see as dishonest , distasteful and , well , downright un -Radiohead .
The sentiment among many fans seems to have gone from admiration for the group 's willingness to let the consumer decide how much to pay for the new album to anger over the low quality of the downloads — and dismay over the band 's manager 's statement that the you - choose - the - price downloads were just a promotional tool for the release of the physical CD .
The first bone of contention arose October 9 — the day before Rainbows became available for download — when fans who ordered the album ( either in its download - only form or as a deluxe , $ 81 " discbox " version ) received an e-mail from Radiohead 's official online store , announcing that " the album [ would ] come as a 48.4 MB ZIP file containing 10 x 160 [ kilobits per second ] , DRM - free MP3s . "
To the casual music listener , the e-mail would be little more than an order confirmation ( if not , you know , totally confusing ) , but to a segment of Radiohead 's fanbase — aand to anyone who frequents file - sharing sites — it was a call to arms for two reasons .
First and foremost , all of Radiohead 's previous albums were already available as MP3s encoded at 320 kilobits per second — the highest - possible compression rate in the format ( though still not nearing the quality of a compact disc ) — and most file - sharers scoff at anything less than 192 kbps .
( MP3 files encoded with a lower bit rate will generally play back at a lower quality — something not readily apparent on tiny iPod earbuds but obvious enough on high - end home stereos . )
Second , most took issue with when Radiohead chose to announce that In Rainbows would be available at 160 kbps — after the majority of their fans had already paid for the download .
To be fair , however , the band did give potential customers the power of choosing how much they wanted to pay to download the album .
It could be had for as little as the transaction fee of 45 pence , or roughly 92 cents .
There was also an option on the Web site to cancel orders ; though , given the timing of the bit-rate announcement , fans had less than 24 hours to do so .
" Most promo MP3s come at a higher bit rate , " wrote the author of U.K. blog Kids Pushing Kids .
" Worst pound and pence I 've ever spent . "
" Radiohead has such delicate music that requires detail and depth of sound .
... I for one CAN tell the difference between 160 and 192 , " responded one commenter .
" [ With ] 160 you can't hear the finer details that make Radiohead so great .
I have lost a bit of respect for Radiohead for this .
I would never make people pay for 160 .
They may as well just stream stuff off MySpace . "
No one seemed to understand why Radiohead decided to release Rainbows at 160 kpbs , though guitarist Jonny Greenwood told Rolling Stone , " We talked about it and we just wanted to make it a bit better than iTunes , which it is , so that 's kind of good enough , really .
It 's never going to be CD - quality , because that 's what a CD does . "
That explanation did n't fly with some fans , who began speculating that the decision was made to keep the album off P2P sites or as a subtle way of making fans purchase either the discbox or the physical release of the album next year .
The thought behind this theory was that if Radiohead fans were willing to split hairs over something as seemingly inconsequential as kilobits per second , then surely they would n't mind shelling out cash for the actual CD version of Rainbows .
And , as it turns out , the latter speculation seems to be true — especially after comments made by the band 's managers , Chris Hufford and Bryce Edge , began to make their way around the Internet on Thursday ( October 11 ) — which brings us to bone of contention number three .
In an interview with U.K. trade publication Music Week , Hufford and Bryce spoke at length about the downloadable version of Rainbows and how it plays into the larger plan of releasing a physical copy of the album in stores next year .
" In November we have to start with the mass - market plans and get them under way , " Hufford told the magazine .
" If we did n't believe that when people hear the music they will want to buy the CD , then we would n't do what we are doing , " Edge said .
To many , those comments sounded strangely , well , capitalistic and seemed to confirm that the lower - quality downloadable version of the album was little more than a promotional tool for the actual CD .
( It did n't help that Edge is quoted as saying that " CDs are a fantastic bit of kit .
...
You ca n't listen to a Radiohead record on MP3 and hear the detail ; it 's impossible . " )
And if that was the case , it probably would 've been nice if the band — or its management — had let fans know before they paid ( or , you know , did n't pay ) to download it .
Attempts to contact Edge for clarification on his comments were unsuccessful at press time .
Is this entire backlash really just glorified nitpicking , or do members of Radiohead Nation have a legitimate reason to think they were duped ?
Well , the answer in both cases is probably " yes . "
On one hand , the main reason so many are upset ( the 160 kbps thing ) seems rather inconsequential , especially given the fact that most people downloading Rainbows are going to be listening to it on their computers or a portable MP3 player .
But there is a slightly noticeable difference between a 160 kbps - encoded song and , say , one encoded at 320 ( it 's heard most easily when played on a stereo ) .
And Radiohead have yet to really offer up any plausible explanation for why they even chose to go the 160 route , especially since their entire catalog is already available at 320 .
Furthermore , had the band announced the sound quality before people paid for the record — and if its managers had made the download sound like nothing more than a glorified demo a few days earlier — would 1.2 million people ( as is being reported ) still have made the decision to download it on the day it was released ?
Well , probably not .
But really , who knows ?
In the end , it 's really all about a series of intangibles — kilobits per second , fan loyalty , etc. — that makes it difficult to tell if Radiohead fans are upset because of a whole bunch of miscommunication , or if there was some less - than - honest business being done by a band not exactly known for being cold and calculating .
Then again , it 's also entirely possible that Thom Yorke and company tried to do something different with Rainbows , and as is the case with being first , they might not have gotten it right .
" I paid zero , nothing , nada for the album , " one fan wrote on an epic Stereogum thread about the album .
" Sounds like Radiohead .
But 160 kbps , that 's not good enough .
They are actually forcing us to buy the CD when it comes out . "
" Do not buy the record then .
Was that not the point ?
Do n't go around complaining like they did you a disservice by making an album available , " another countered .
" As if you would n't have downloaded the leak .
Would you complain if you got the album for free and actually listened to the music instead of focusing on 160 kbps ?
Maybe you 'd actually remember what music appreciation was and be forced to buy the album based on that notion instead . "
Christmas is known world - wide as a time for sharing , a time for giving .
But for one charity , instead of Santa arriving with gifts , the copyright police turned up demanding money .
Why ?
Because the charity allows children to sing carols on the premises and their kitchen radio is a little loud .
You could n't make it up .
Be under no illusion , being unlicensed to play music to the public is a very serious situation in the UK .
The Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 states that if you use copyright music in public , you have to get permission from every single copyright holder to play their music .
Or pay a fee to the right outfit .
Car maintenance chain Kwik
Fit is currently tied up in a bitter legal battle with the UK Performing Rights Society ( PRS ) .
It ’s alleged that Kwik Fit ’s mechanics allowed their radios to be played within earshot of the public – a truly heinous crime for which the PRS are demanding Â £ 200,000 in damages .
According to a report , the PRS are at it again .
The staff at a charity also received a visit from a PRS officer who declared that because a staff radio in the kitchen could be overheard by the public in their tea-room , they would need a license .
The charity , Dam House , which was originally set up to save a historic building and offer community and health facilities , had to have a fund - raising event to raise the money for the license .
However , having purchased a license , this was n’t the end of the matter .
The PRS then started asking more questions , and when they discovered that kids sing in a carol concert there at Christmas , they declared that the premises were under licensed .
Yes , of course – the PRS wanted yet more money .
“ We got really worked up when they told us how much we would have to pay this year ” said charity trustee , Margaret Hatton .
“ They asked us what facilities we had and we think they are charging more because they found out we ’ve got a function room . ”
The next quote from Margaret really speaks for itself – has the world gone mad ?
“ They told us the only way to avoid paying to sing the carols is if the kids are told to stick to old songs which are out of copyright . ”
Next thing you know someone will be saying ‘ Happy Birthday ‘ is copyrighted and you ca n’t sing that to the public in the tea-rooms .
Well , unfortunately it is , and legally you can’t .
Elaine Hurst , another Dam House trustee explained : “ We know the recording artists need to be paid for their work but this is ridiculous . ”
Every TV owning family in the UK has to have a UK TV License by law , the proceeds of which go to fund BBC TV and BBC radio stations nationwide .
To charge a charity money because the public can overhear a radio is crazy , especially when you consider the public already paid another license to be allowed to listen to the content coming out of its speakers .
Merry Christmas PRS
One of the most beloved of all data structures in computer science is the hash table .
A hash table is a data structure that associates keys with values .
The primary operation it supports efficiently is a lookup : given a key ( e.g. a person 's name ) , find the corresponding value ( e.g. that person 's telephone number ) .
It works by transforming the key using a hash function into a hash , a number that is used to index into an array to locate the desired location ( " bucket " ) where the values should be .
Key - value pairs are quite common in real world data , and hashtables are both reasonably efficient in storage and quite fast at lookups , offering O ( 1 ) performance in most cases .
That 's why hashtables are the go - to data structure for many programmers .
It may not be the optimal choice , but unlike so many things in computer science , it 's rarely a bad choice .
But hash tables do have one crucial weakness : they are only as good as the hash function driving them .
As we add each new item to the hashtable , we compute a hash value from the key for that item , and drop the item in the bucket represented by that hash value .
So how many buckets do we need ?
Let 's consider the extremes :
If we had one giant bucket , everything would get piled in together .
We 'd have to look at each and every item in our one bucket to find the one we want , which reduces us to worst - case performance : an O ( n ) linear search .
, everything would get piled in together .
We 'd have to look at each and every item in our one bucket to find the one we want , which reduces us to worst - case performance : an O ( n ) linear search .
If we had exactly the same number of buckets as items , each item is placed in its own unique , individual bucket .
We know each bucket will contain one , and only one , item .
That 's a perfect hash function , delivering best - case performance : an O ( 1 ) lookup .
Reality , of course , lies somewhere in between these two extremes .
The choice of hash function is critical , so you do n't end up with a bucket shortage .
As you place more and more items in each bucket ( ie , " collisions " ) you edge closer to the slow O( n ) end of the performance spectrum .
There 's something magical about these hash functions that drive the hashtable .
The idea of the hash as a unique digital fingerprint for every chunk of data in the entire world is a fascinating one .
It 's a fingerprint that cleverly fits into a mere 32 bits of storage , yet is somehow able to uniquely identify any set of data ever created .
Of course , this is a lie , for several reasons .
Let 's start with the most obvious one .
Consider all possible values of a 32 - bit hash function :
232 ~= 4.3 billion
The current population of the earth is about 6.6 billion people .
If we were to apply a perfect 32 - bit hash function to the DNA of every man , woman , and child on the planet , we could not guarantee uniqueness -- we simply do n't have enough possible hash values to represent them all !
This is known as the pigeonhole principle .
It 's not complicated .
If you try to put 6 pigeons in 5 holes , one will inevitably be left out in the cold .
You 'll definitely want to use a large enough hash value so you can avoid the pigeonhole principle .
How much you care about this depends on how many things you 're planning to store in your hashtable , naturally .
The other reason hashes can fail as digital fingerprints is because collisions are a lot more likely than most people realize .
The birthday paradox illustrates how quickly you can run into collision problems for small hash values .
I distinctly remember the birthday paradox from my college calculus class , and I 'll pose you the same question our TA asked us :
In a typical classroom of 30 students , what are the odds that two of the students will have the same birthday ?
Do n't read any further until you 've taken a guess .
What 's your answer ?
Everyone has completely unique DNA , but shares one of 365 * possible birthdays with the rest of us .
Birthdays are effectively a tiny 365 value hash function .
Using such a small hash value , there 's a 50 % chance of two people sharing the same birthday after a mere 23 people .
With the 30 students in our hypothetical classroom , the odds of two students having a shared birthday rise to 70 % .
The statistics do n't lie : when the question was posed in that classroom so many years ago , there were in fact two students who shared the same birthday .
A rule of thumb for estimating the number of values you need to enter in a hashtable before you have a 50 percent chance of an existing collision is to take the square root of 1.4 times the number of possible hash values .
SQRT ( 1.4 * 365 ) = 23 SQRT ( 1.4 * 232 ) = 77,543
When using a 32 - bit hash value , we have a 50 % chance that a collision exists after about 77 thousand entries -- a pretty far cry from the 4 billion possible values we could store in that 32 - bit value .
This is not a big deal for a hashtable ; so what if a few of our buckets have more than one item ?
But it 's a huge problem if you 're relying on the hash as a unique digital fingerprint .
The hashing functions behind our precious hashtables may be a lie .
But they 're a convenient lie .
They work .
Just keep the pigeonhole principle and the birthday paradox in mind as you 're using them , and you 'll do fine .
* No , let 's forget leap years for now .
And other variables like birth patterns .
Yes , I know this is how programmers think .
Imagine how much it would suck to have one birthday every four years , though .
Ouch .
While doing some research , an astute coworker of mine noticed that the Google Enterprise Solutions page has links to their partners ’ websites who are part of their Enterprise program .
What ’s interesting about this is that the page has a Google PageRank of 7/10 , and to get listed on that page you have to pay Google $ 10,000 per year to be part of their program .
Before you claim I ’m overreacting , let me state my case with some evidence :
1 . The only way to get a link on this page is to pay Google $ 10,000 per year .
2. Google is against the inclusion of paid links in their Pagerank algorithm that helps determine search results .
Here is a quote from their Corporate Technology page :
PageRank also considers the importance of each page that casts a vote , as votes from some pages are considered to have greater value , thus giving the linked page greater value .
Important pages receive a higher PageRank and appear at the top of the search results .
Google ’s technology uses the collective intelligence of the web to determine a page ’s importance .
There is no human involvement or manipulation of results , which is why users have come to trust Google as a source of objective information untainted by paid placement .
3 . Google ’s most prominent blogger Matt Cutts has spoken out against paid links and recommended use of the rel= ” NOFOLLOW ” attribute .
4. Google could add the “ rel=NOFOLLOW ” attribute to the links on that page in order to not pass Pagerank credit from the page to the partner websites .
According to the Wikipedia page on Pagerank :
In early 2005 , Google implemented a new value , “ nofollow ” , for the rel attribute of HTML link and anchor elements , so that website builders and bloggers can make links that Google will not consider for the purposes of PageRank â€ ” they are links that no longer constitute a “ vote ” in the PageRank system .
Why is n’t Google putting the rel= ” NOFOLLOW ” on these links ?
As a side note , the links to Google in this blog post have the rel= ” NOFOLLOW ” on them because I do n’t want to be passing on PageRank to that Enterprise Partners page .
5 . Google could also just not rank the Enterprise Partners page with PageRank as they appeared to have done with their Adsense Case Studies page .
You ’ll see it is not ranked , and the page has existed for a long time meaning Google has intentionally chosen not to rankthis page .
They also do n’t even link to the publisher websites or in the case studies themselves for the most part , they just write out the text like ApartmentRatings.com with no link .
However , I did find that a couple of the older case studies like the Weblogs Inc. one that do have links out .
Of course , there is no page rank on the case study giving them no benefit .
Why do the partners paying $ 10,000 seem to get links with a high PageRank ?
6. Google IS including the Enterprise partners page in their index which leads me to believe they are counting the Pagerank on the page .
See the # 1 result on the search query for “ google earth specialist ” .
The counter argument to my evidence is that the partners really are n’t paying for the link , but that the $ 10,000 fee is for the overall Enterprise partner program .
True , but the ONLY way to get listed on the Enterprise Partners page is to pay Google $ 10,000 per year , which means the ONLY way to get a link on that page is to PAY FOR IT !
From what I can tell Google is not taking the steps to exclude the power of those links in their algorithm .
Those are not just “ editorial votes ” as a natural link is supposed to be in the algorithm , those links are there because money exchanged hands .
I actually agree with Google ’s stance on not including paid links in their algorithm , but there ’s really three options here :
1. Google is being sloppy and not intending to be counting paid links , but they are .
2. Google is taking money for links and looking the other way .
3 . I ’m missing something , please let me know if I am .
In closing , I see that Google acquisition YouTube.com has now been added to the Google Products page that happens to be a PR9 page .
If they ’re charging $ 10,000 for a PR7 link , let ’s hope YouTube did n’t have to give back too much of that $ 1.65 billion to be listed on this page !
UPDATE :
Apparently Google had a different but somewhat similar problem with using NOFOLLOW on most of the links on Google Video except for the links to their advertisers .
Matt Cutts responded in the comments that it was a mistake and would be fixed as fast as possible .
Good to see them fix and own up to the mistake .
But the question remains , is the case I mention above a mistake ?
UPDATE Part 2 :
The page in question no longer carries a Pagerank .
I ’m guessing from the comments Matt Cutts had this changed .
Thanks for taking action Matt , as I believe Google should be careful with links that may be considered “ questionable ” on whether or not they are pure natural links .
For those of you who are n’t too thrilled about winter weather , I feel you .
Secondly , though I know you ’d love to you ca n’t just hole up in your blanket fort and hibernate until spring , especially if you ’re in a relationship .
If you have a long - time bae or are nurturing a budding relationship you realistically can’t afford to sleep all winter , otherwise come spring you ’ll emerge from your cave with no one to love .
I know that going outside sucks .
Driving in the winter somehow sucks even more .
So , I ’ve come up with a couple festive date ideas that involve minimal contact with the freezing outdoors .
1. Bar Trivia
Why go outside and play in the snow when you can stay inside an almost uncomfortably warm pub and drink !?
Form a team with other couples or with friends and head to a bar for trivia night .
As it nears the holidays bars will have festive , holiday themed trivia nights which make the night even better !
Order a beer with your bae and sing Christmas songs to annoy your competitors .
I assure you this is an A+ strategy .
2. Coffee Dates
Maybe you ’re not a drinker or are just super hungover , but if you do n’t feel like having a beer or two or three you should head to your nearest coffee shop for a date .
Order something hot and peppermint flavored and plop down for some good conversation .
Bring a book and have a little reading shesh .
A lot of coffee shops have live music events , from acoustic performances to open mics .
Make it a point to go to one of these events with bae and cozy up while the hipsters sing Islandic folk songs – or whatever else is trendy right now .
3. Spa Day
With the weather getting colder and colder your skin definitely needs a little bit of a break .
So , drop some cash and go to a spa for the day with bae !
If you ’re tight on money because of the holidays – or because the economy sucks right now – take a trip to Target and create your own living room spa real quick .
They have mud and sheet masks for around a dollar and endless bath stuff .
Drop a couple bucks on some bubble bath and super moisturizing lotion and enjoy .
4. Hot Tub
If you ’re like me you want to limit your exposure to winter weather as much as physically possible .
So you might be asking why I ’ve included something that very well might take place outdoors … well , because it ’s warm .
When you ’re sitting in a hot tub during the winter you are the perfect balance of hot and cool .
You ’re not suffocating because you ’re too hot because you have cool air hitting the parts of your body that are n’t submerged !
So find your nearest hot tub , run as fast as you can through the cold , and jump in .
5. Festive Blanket Fort
If you have no desire to leave your hibernation cave then this idea is perfect .
Grab all your pillows and blankets and get building !
String Christmas lights over and inside your fort to make it extra festive .
I recommend making some hot chocolate – with or without peppermint schnapps – and queuing up a holiday movie on Netflix for full effect .
Do n’t celebrate any holidays ?
Or are n’t religious ?
Well , Groundhog Day is the perfect solution .
Here ’s more ways to stay warm in the winter !
Senior managers for defense contractor KBR overruled calls to halt supply operations in Iraq in the spring of 2004 , ordering unarmored trucks into an active combat zone where six civilian drivers died in an ambush , according to newly available documents .
Company e-mails and other internal communications reveal that before KBR dispatched the convoy , a chorus of security advisors predicted an increase in roadside bombings and attacks on Iraq ’s highways .
They recommended suspension of convoys .
" [ I ] think we will get people injured or killed tomorrow , ” warned KBR regional security chief George Seagle , citing “ tons of intel . ”
But in an e-mail sent a day before the convoy was dispatched , he also acknowledged : “ Big politics and contract issues involved . ”
KBR was under intense pressure from the military to deliver on its multibillion - dollar contract to transport food , fuel and other vital supplies to U.S. soldiers .
At Baghdad ’s airport , a shortage of jet fuel threatened to ground some units .
After consulting with military commanders , KBR ’s top managers decided to keep the convoys rolling .
“ If the [ Army ] pushes , then we push , too , ” wrote an aide to Craig Peterson , KBR ’s top official in Iraq .
The decision prompted a raging internal debate that is detailed in private KBR documents , some under court seal , that were reviewed by The Times .
One KBR management official threatened to resign when superiors ordered truckers to continue driving .
“ I cannot consciously sit back and allow unarmed civilians to get picked apart , ” wrote Keith Richard , chief of the trucking operation .
Six American truck drivers and two U.S. soldiers were killed when the convoy rumbled into a five - mile gauntlet of weapons fire on April 9 , 2004 , making an emergency delivery of jet fuel to the airport .
One soldier and a seventh trucker remain missing .
Recriminations began the same day .
“ Can anyone explain to me why we put civilians in the middle of known ambush sites ? ” demanded one security advisor in an e-mail .
“ Maybe we should put body bags on the packing list for our drivers . ”
Another wrote , “ I cannot believe this has happened ; the ones responsible should be held accountable for this . ”
The previously undisclosed documents raise new questions about the U.S. military ’s growing reliance on civilian contractors to help fight wars .
Selected e-mails , some of them excerpts , were cited in a May 22 letter to the Justice Department by lawyers suing the Houston - based giant on behalf of the dead drivers ’ families .
The families and most of the survivors of the convoy seek a federal criminal probe of KBR ’s role in the episode .
To confirm the excerpts , The Times reviewed internal memos , e-mails and court - sealed depositions , obtained a copy of an Army investigative report on the incident and interviewed several KBR truck drivers and former military officials .
Attorneys for KBR reacted angrily to inquiries about the documents .
In a letter urging The Times to “ refrain from publishing ” material under court seal , attorney Michael L. Rice also warned that the paper might be subject to unspecified legal sanctions .
KBR officials declined to be interviewed .
In the past , they have said that the Army was responsible for selecting convoy routes and providing adequate protection .
Scott Allen , a lawyer for the families , confirmed that he had sent a letter to the Justice Department , but declined further comment and advised the families and surviving drivers to avoid interviews .
A department spokesman acknowledged receiving the letter but also declined to comment .
The documentary record , though incomplete , provides the first behind - the - scenes look at a day when military goals clashed with corporate responsibilities , with soldiers and civilian truckers in the middle .
What follows is an account of the Good Friday convoy attack , based on the e-mails , court records and interviews .
Growing fearsInside a long row of white trailers that served as KBR ’s office at Camp Anaconda , the region ’s main logistics hub , there was growing unease in the early days of April .
Violence had surged throughout the region .
The mutilated bodies of American contractors had just been removed from a bridge in Fallouja .
The military was battling simultaneous Shiite and Sunni uprisings .
It would turn out to be one of the deadliest months of the war for American soldiers and contractors -- and KBR ’s truck drivers were caught in the crossfire .
Trucking program chief Richard fired off e-mails to superiors in Houston and Kuwait describing the growing risks to his drivers .
“ One of my convoys was hit with 14 mortars , 6 RPGs , 5 IEDs and small arms fire , ” Richard wrote April 7 .
Senior KBR management in Iraq suspended travel , with Richard telling one colleague in an e-mail that the roads were “ too dangerous . ”
Several convoys were canceled that week .
Delayed shipments contributed to spot shortages when many supplies were needed most .
KBR -- then part of Halliburton Co. , the company once run by Vice President Dick Cheney -- delivered 80 % to 90 % of the military ’s fuel , according to one senior logistics officer .
That meant that if KBR did n’t move , neither could the U.S. Army .
Unlike soldiers , contractors do n’t have to follow orders .
“ We had to get food to the soldiers .
We had to get fuel to the soldiers , ” the officer said .
“ This was a war . ”
That was clear to KBR dispatchers on April 8 , when the first convoys that had moved out onto the highways started reporting gunfire .
“ Things started early this a .m. and it has n’t been good , ” one of the trucking project managers advised in an e-mail .
“ Gentlemen . . . HOT !!!
We have a convoy . . . that is in direct engagement at this time . . . and pleads for immediate assistance , ” reported a security advisor .
Vivid reports came in from the field .
“ We are taking on gun fire , mortared , rocket launch , small arms fire you name it , we got it , we are losing trucks one by one .
. . my driver and I were lucky to get out alive . ”
By the end of Thursday , one KBR driver was dead and more than 70 had been attacked .
Several were seriously injured .
Because the next day was a Shiite holiday as well as Good Friday , security advisors worried that sectarian violence might add to the danger .
They were of one voice calling for suspension of convoys .
“ I say we halt them for a day at least and consider it a safety / security stand - down , and mental health day , ” security chief Seagle wrote on April 8 .
“ There is tons of intel stating tomorrow will be another bad day . ”
Trucking chief Richard agreed .
“ Another day like today and we will lose most of our drivers . ”
Unable to actDespite their mounting fears , KBR security advisors had no authority to halt convoy deployment .
They lost that on Monday , April 5 , when that power was abruptly limited to Richard and his boss -- KBR General Manager Craig Peterson .
It angered the security team .
“ Yeah , well I have been authorized for a year now to stop convoys now all of a sudden Keith [ Richard ] . . . is the only one who can .
. . . well partner believe me the ball is in his court , ” groused one .
The documents show that Peterson , a retired Army general then new to KBR , was determined to meet the company ’s contractual obligations with the military , which he repeatedly referred to as “ the customer . ”
Peterson was adamant that the civilian truckers had to move out when the military called for them .
After a meeting with military commanders , he noted in an e-mail that “ it was reiterated that only the army leadership can stop convoys ” and that it was necessary “ to team our way into decisions .
We cannot unilaterally decide these things on our own . ”
There was sharp disagreement inside the company .
“ We cannot allow the Army to push us to put our people in harms way , ” wrote Tom Crum , then the chief operating officer for KBR ’s logistics operations .
“ We need to work with the Army without a doubt relative to stopping the convoys .
But if we in management believe the Army is asking us to put our KBR employees in danger that we are not willing to accept , then we will refuse to go , ” Crum insisted .
Richard also argued that the truckers were not soldiers .
“ Our drivers did sign up with the understanding of some level of hostility , but they did not expect to be in the middle of a war , ” he said in an e-mail .
One of Peterson ’s aides sent a note scolding Richard .
" [ Peterson ] says that if the client pushes , then we push , ” the message said .
It also specified that convoys should stop only if security was not adequate and “ does n’t pass the Common Sense Safety Test . ”
Richard was clearly rankled .
“ Who in the hell determines adequate security . . . ?
This is a roll of the dice .
None of this passes any of these tests if you ask me , ” said a Richard e-mail .
He threatened to resign .
“ With this decision I can not continue my employment with KBR .
. . .
I cannot consciously sit back and allow unarmed civilians to get picked apart , ” he wrote in e-mail messages .
“ Putting civilians in the middle of a war is not in any contract , policy or procedure .
I will not allow this to happen . ”
But after a long day of armed attacks on his drivers and arguments with his boss , Richard issued a terse e-mail at 10:26 p.m. , employing a familiar phrase :
“ If the military pushes , we push , ” he wrote .
Supplies urgently neededAt Baghdad ’s airport , dwindling fuel supplies threatened to idle two military divisions , according to the Army report .
Military commanders called for 200,000 gallons of jet fuel to be rushed from Camp Anaconda .
Notes taken during conversations surrounding that decision underscore the urgency of the situation .
“ Has to happen . . . 1st light has to go . . . emergency push , ” read some of the notes as reproduced in the Army report .
Gen. James E. Chambers , the head of Army ’s 13th Corps Support Command ( Coscom ) , issued explicit orders to his officers : “ Not moving critical support is not an option , ” he wrote in an e-mail sent before dawn April 9 .
“ We just have to figure out how to mitigate the risks . ”
The orders were passed down to military units that escort KBR convoys with an Anaconda commander ’s comment attached : “ Note the statement about convoys .
They move . ”
But there was dissent among military command staff , too .
At a 6 a.m. intelligence briefing , Chambers was told that the road leading to Baghdad ’s airport was too dangerous for civilians , according to Col.
Ray Josey , head of operations for Chambers .
“ We should just stand down , ” Josey said he told Chambers .
Others argued it was safe enough .
In the end , Chambers ordered the jet fuel cargo to move .
But he also ordered a beefed - up military escort for the KBR convoy : more Humvees , double the ammunition and an armed soldier in every truck cab .
Chambers , now head of the Army ’s Transportation Center at Ft. Eustis , Va. , declined comment through a spokesman , citing the pending litigation .
Josey , who soon after was relieved of his post by Chambers , is now retired in Texas .
At KBR the decision to move was again in doubt as dawn arrived .
In a message time - stamped 6:44 a.m. April 9 -- nearly an hour after Chambers ’ order -- Richard sent a message to all drivers : “ No convoys are to move ” between Anaconda and the military bases south of Baghdad .
The stand - down lasted only 25 minutes .
At 7:14 a.m. another message moved over the KBR communications system .
It read :
“ Per Keith Richards , project manager , all traffic is to proceed as normal .
All . . . traffic lanes are open in all directions . ”
It is not clear what caused the orders to shift back and forth .
Richard , through his attorney , declined to be interviewed .
He no longer works for KBR .
Company officials have said that KBR depended on the military for guidance about when and whether roads were safe to travel , indicating in court proceedings that the Army said the route was safe before departure .
The Army report found that on April 9 there was confusion among different military units about the status of the route to the airport .
The military unit monitoring road safety listed the road as a no - go the entire day , but Coscom commanders did not consult the unit in dispatching the convoy .
At KBR there was no such confusion .
Six KBR convoys already had been attacked around the airport that same morning .
Also , Stephen Pulley , KBR ’s senior security advisor at Camp Anaconda , was in frequent contact with the road monitoring unit and received repeated assurances the routes were closed .
When 13th Coscom suddenly advised that the roads had opened , Pulley was skeptical .
“ Something smells , ” he wrote .
‘ I ’m hit , I ’m hit ’KBR drivers led by Thomas Hamill , a Mississippi dairy farmer , were assembled in the dusty staging area of Camp Anaconda ready to roll that Friday morning , unaware of the internal debates .
Hamill was not one to second - guess orders -- whatever they were .
“ When I went over there , I said : ‘ I wo n’t refuse to go out on a mission as long as the U.S.
Army is willing to escort me out , ’ ” he said .
“ If they did n’t want to go out , then I would n’t go out . ”
A few minutes after 10 a.m. , the 26 - vehicle convoy rolled out -- 19 KBR trucks and seven military vehicles driven by soldiers from the 724th Army Reserve Transportation Company from Illinois .
The convoy stretched nearly a mile and a half .
About the same time -- 9:54 a.m. -- Lt. Col. James Carroll , a reservist from Missouri working at 13th Coscom , confirmed orders sending the convoy on a route to Baghdad airport that took it right through a battle between the Mahdi Army and 1st Cavalry .
Three minutes later , Carroll reversed himself and sent out a second e-mail : “ Sorry .
It looks like [ the route ] is closed until further notice . ”
By mistake , however , Carroll sent the second message to himself , and no one else ever saw it , according to the Army report .
In an interview , Carroll disputed that account , saying that he called military escorts to warn them not to proceed on the route .
“ When I saw that I sent the e-mail to myself , I did everything I could ” to reach them , Carroll said .
“ It was the worst day of my life .
You ca n’t believe how much I second - guessed myself . . . [ but ]
I firmly believe that I did everything I could . ”
Hamill ’s convoy reached the airport area about noon .
He saw the landscape already littered with burning trucks .
His truck was hit and disabled by a roadside bomb , forcing Hamill to scramble for cover .
He later was taken captive by a band of gunmen .
The other truckers drove on through fire and smoke .
As bullet rounds pierced their cargo tanks , fuel spilled to the ground , making the road slippery .
Brakes failed .
Trucks jackknifed and flipped over .
More roadside bombs detonated .
The sounds of battle crackled over the drivers ’ radios .
“ I ’m burning ! ” screamed one driver .
“ I ’m hit , I ’m hit , ” called another .
In an incident report , one of the escort soldiers wrote : “ I started hearing bullets hit all over our trucks , around my head and door .
They were zipping by .
We pushed through the flames and kept rolling .
It was just hell . ”
Eddie Sanchez , a driver from New Mexico , was rescued by U.S. soldiers .
He recalled one who seemed angry , demanding : “ Who are you guys ?
What are you guys doing out there ?
We have been fighting those guys for over 48 hours . ”
The final tally was grim .
Six KBR drivers were dead .
Most other drivers were wounded .
Besides the kidnapped Hamill , another was missing .
Tim Bell now is presumed dead .
Two soldiers were killed .
A third , Matt Maupin , was captured by insurgents and is still listed as missing .
Hamill escaped after nearly three weeks and is back in the U.S .
Only six of the 19 KBR trucks reached the airport .
Across Iraq , all 122 convoys sent out by KBR on April 9 were attacked , according to KBR .
Richard was devastated by the loss of his drivers , according to Pulley , who worked closely with him at Anaconda .
“ I thought the man was going to break down and cry after he found out he sent all those people out there , ” Pulley said in a deposition .
“ He was very upset with himself . ”
Randy Ross , a driver whose truck limped into the airport on steel rims , his tanker and tires blasted with holes , said he blamed neither KBR nor the military .
He blamed Iraq .
“ It was a bad day , ” said Ross , who , like Hamill , is not part of the suit .
“ It was a very bad day . ”
After the attack , Peterson stopped the trucks .
“ No KBR convoys will move tomorrow , 10th April 04 .
I will inform the military chain of command , ” he said in an e-mail .
Peterson , now a senior vice president at IAP Worldwide Services , a Florida - based military contractor , declined through a spokesman to comment .
In an e-mail sent to an Army general shortly after the convoy disaster , Peterson asked : “ Do you think there was any way we could have predicted the events of 8/9 April , the convoy hits ?
Do you think we had any real predictive intel or indicators or warnings that were sufficiently articulate enough to conclude that we should have halted movement ? ”
Pulley left no doubt about his feelings .
“ KBR security did their job , ” said security advisor in deposition testimony .
“ KBR security was overruled . ”
Communication blamed
The military conducted its own investigation of the April 9 attack .
The 280 - page report concluded that miscommunications in the military about the danger of the roads had contributed to the casualties .
The investigating officer noted that he was not allowed to inquire into the actions of military officials in the 13th Coscom , because the unit was outside his chain of command .
For the families and drivers of the Good Friday convoy , however , KBR provided few details .
The company has never made public its own investigation .
Its attorneys have fought to keep internal communications under seal , arguing that they contain national security secrets .
In 2005 , the families filed their wrongful death suit against KBR in Texas .
Last September , U.S. Dist .
Judge Gray H. Miller dismissed the lawsuit under a rule that bars courts from jurisdiction in cases related to the routine exercise of military orders .
“ Is it wise to use civilian contractors in a war zone ?
Was it wise to send the convoy along the route [ to Baghdad airport ] on April 9 , 2004 ? ” Miller wrote .
“ Answering either question and the many questions in between would require the court to examine the policies of the executive branch during wartime , a step the court declines to take . ”
Lawyers for the families contend that KBR retained full authority over its civilian convoys and have appealed .
t.christian.miller@latimes.com
An anonymous reader writes with a link to an article at P2P Net about the very first victim of the RIAA 's file - sharing litigation sweep .
The site gave Jammie Thomas the chance to explain in her own words what the last two years have been like .
She recounts her experiances with subpoenas , Best Buy , and most of all , stress .
Even after all this time , her case is still in legal limbo :
colleagues and others .
If you can overcome the system , then the road to success will open wider for you , and genius will take its position in life . "
... "
" To become a genius , you must compare yourself against the system and not to your fellow friends , classmates ,
