Art teacher snares mugger by drawing detailed picture for police
When retired art teacher Jill Smith was mugged by a drug addict in a car park she hardly any time to react .
But not only did the 71 - year - old pensioner have the presence of mind to get a glimpse of his face - she even drew a detailed picture of what he looked like for the police .
The sketch was so good that officers immediately recognised 31 - year - old serial offender Lloyd Talbot as her attacker and arrested him .
In the frame : Lloyd Talbot and the sketch of him drawn by Mrs Smith
And , after a short trial at magistrates ' court , he has been found guilty of attacking Mrs Smith .
Talbot , who served time in prison earlier this year for stealing collection tins from the Royal British Legion , was given an 18 - week suspended prison sentence .
He was also ordered to pay Mrs Smith £ 60 compensation and told to take part in a six - month rehabilitation programme to help him tackle his drug problem .
Retired art teacher Jill Smith holds up the sketch of Lloyd Talbot which led to his arrest and eventual prosecution A triumphant Mrs Smith said : ' I got a really good look at him when he looked back at me as he rode off .
' The police arrived soon after and the officer asked if I could describe him at all .
' I told her if I had paper and pen , I could draw him no problem and she promptly gave me her notebook .
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next Pictured : Incredible watercolour paintings by boy aged just SIX Share this article Share ' I have done a lot of portraits of people and it was easier to draw him than give a verbal description of what he looked like . '
Mrs Smith , from Derwentside , County Durham , was loading her shopping into the back of her car after a trip to B&Q in Gateshead when Talbot struck last September .
31 - year - old Talbot pounced on his victim in a B &Q car park
' He stole the bag in one motion , he did n't stop as he leaned in and stole her purse , ' said David Mayhew , prosecuting .
' As he rode off he turned around and she got a good look at his profile . '
It was long enough for her to commit his face to memory .
His forehead and nose were are on the same angle , she recalled , and his high cheekbones and receding hairline were unforgettable .
When officers arrived and asked Mrs Smith for a description of her attacker she instantly began to draw his face .
During police interviews Talbot denied being responsible and said he had not been to B &Q all year .
But he was later picked out in a line up by Mrs Smith and a Good Samaritan who came to her rescue when she shouted for help .
This woman , said Mr Mayhew , had seen Talbot circling the car park moments before he swooped into Mrs Smith 's bag .
Talbot , from Jesmond , Newcastle , denied the theft but was found guilty after a trial at Gateshead Magistrates ' Court .
Robert Hart , defending , said his client still denies being responsible .
Mrs Smith , who has a daughter and three grandchildren , previously worked in a prison for 18 years teaching inmates to draw and used to pen portraits of visitors to a shopping centre .
She is used to assessing people 's appearance in seconds and that is what happened when she saw Talbot ’s profile as he turned back to look at her .
Mrs Smith said she now hoped Talbot would get the help to overcome his drug addiction .
' I do n't bear him any malice , ' she added .
' He needs to get his drug problem sorted . '
The documentary All God ’s Children tells the personal story of the first boarding school for children of Protestant missionaries to be investigated for child abuse at the hands of the parents ’ missionary colleagues .
---
" The movie provides an excellent context to teach
the themes we cover in the course [ Sexual Ethics ] :
impact of abuse on victims ; power and vulnerability ; justice - making and forgiveness .
Thank you for this excellent resource .
Every Bible College and Seminary should have a copy . "
Elsie Goerzen
Columbia Bible College ( Abbotsford , BC ) ---
" I believe that this story is a valuable addition to the growing awareness of how children have been long sacrificed on the altar of God 's work , and that alone will be healing for many of us , so thank you for that . "
William Paul Young ,
author of NY Times # 1 Bestseller The Shack
www.windrumors.com ---
" All God ’s Children is a chilling snapshot of what can happen when an institution like the church ignores the signs of abuse : isolated and vulnerable children are harmed and their trauma remains for years . "
Rev. Dr. Marie M. Fortune , FaithTrust Institute ---
" We had a viewing of this film in our church a few weeks ago .
What a powerful and moving film .
Every Christian needs to see this documentary .
I pray that God will use this film to make a difference . "
Faith Ingraham , wife of Rev. Dale Ingraham at
Curtis Baptist Bible Church , Campbell NY ---
" I was shocked by the last paragraph of the movie which stated that people from over 21 denominations have come forward , but that only 2 denominations have done anything about it .
ONLY TWO !
How shameful !
I hope God will use the movie to move the hearts of those who need to be moved to respond . "
Mary Turnbull , MK United Methodist Church , abuse survivor of Presbyterian Church ( USA ) boarding school ---
“ All God 's Children struggles to find meaning amid grief compounded by decades of disregard and a willful lack of justice .
It also serves as a clarion call to organizations that would ignore and suppress the truth rather than drag it kicking and screaming into the light [... ]
The tragic implications are clear : All God 's Children forces us to ask ourselves ,
What does it gain a man if he saves the whole world but loses his own children ? "
Brandon Fibbs , Christianity Today ---
" All God 's Children is both a disturbing reminder that the Christian community is not immune to abuse and also a deeply moving case study on the complex dynamics of healing from spiritual , emotional , sexual and physical wounds .
The redemptive possibilities that emerge when survivors find the courage to tell the truth and support each other in the process of healing are powerfully illustrated .
I recommend it highly . "
Dr. Dale S. Ryan
Associate Professor of Recovery Ministry
Fuller Theological Seminary
www.recoveryfromabuse.com
--- Read More Responses
With the completion of the Human Genome Project , we have now truly entered the exciting era of post - genomics biology .
Several new scientific disciplines have emerged of which metabolomics holds significant promise for the understanding and diagnosis of diseases both in humans and wildlife .
This introduction to the new field of metabolomics will describe several applications of this approach for monitoring the health of organisms in the environment .
" Are you confused by all the talk about DNA and genes ?
We can help , " claims the University of Utah .
There is now no excuse for not knowing what stem cells do , what messenger RNA is , why SNPs are important , or about any other hot topic in the news about the latest biomedical research .
University scientists are getting into the online communication game , although in many cases they are doing it awkwardly .
What else do you expect from a bunch of pointy - headed , tweed - wearing , absent minded nerds ?
The University of Utah has a web site called Learn Genetics .
It 's a site filled with animations that , if they were parodies , would rival the classroom informational films spoofs on the Simpsons , and Mr. Stem Cell could , with a little more sacrasm , be a character right out of South Park .
Unfortunately , they 're not spoofs .
But the site has some good stuff , especially the tour of the basics .
There you can find great explanations ( with lots of pictures and animations ) of chromosomes , the basics of genetics - heredity and traits .
If you can't remember much from high school biology class , 15 minutes on this site will get you up to speed .
Once you 've hit the basics , go check out the mouse brain on drugs .
Cold Spring Harbor labs is also getting into online education with DNA from the Beginning .
It features , among other things , and animation of Gregor Mendel explaining flower sex .
The site is organized into three sections - classical genetics , molecular biology / genetics , and some more modern genetic concepts , and each section has about a dozen basic topics with text , animations , and video clips of interviews with scientists .
Except for Mendel explaining flower sex , this site does n't try quite so hard to be cool the way they Utah site does .
The information is fairly basic , but again , if you do n't remember much from college or high school biology , this is a great , quick primer .
They do lie in one place - there is a section called ' RNA was the first genetic molecule . '
We do n't actually know that .
There probably was a phase in the history of life where , instead of DNA and protein proto - cells got by with just RNA , but we do n't really know that .
It 's possible , maybe even likely , that another genetic molecule existed before RNA .
The world 's largest DNA sequencing institute , the Sanger Institute in the UK , has a site on genomes , Your Genome .
Although they lie here too - they claim that " junk DNA refers to sequence regions with no known function , " and that " the more we learn about what 's in the ' junk ' , the more it seems better to call it ' noncoding DNA ' instead . "
I do n't know why some corners of the scientific community persist in this nonsense notion of junk DNA - it's a misunderstanding of the term junk DNA ( as Ryan Gregory has pointed out , over and over ) , and anyone who think that most of the 900,000 LINE elements ( 21 % of our genome - by contrast , protein - coding genes make up about 2 % of our genome ) are somehow functional is certifiably insane .
But the Sanger site does have some good stuff .
The explanations are n't as basic , and the figures are n't as good as the two sites mentioned above , but they have a lot of good basic info on how and why we sequence genomes .
Finally , let 's talk about Action Bioscience , which exists to promote bioscience literacy .
It 's a site with a bunch of short articles by scientists about genomics , conservation , biodiversity .
The site has plenty of good stuff , but there 's one problem : I 'm not sure who the audience is supposed to be .
They 're promoting " bioscience literacy , " but you already have to be " bioscience literate " to understand something like Environmental Metabolomics :
The Study of Disease and Toxicity in Wildlife that starts out like this :
It 's not too technical , but it 's just technical enough ( or , actually , it sounds more technical than it really is - they keep the concepts simple ) to probably keep many casual readers away .
So , if you feel like you could get more of the articles here at Scientific Blogging if you just had a little more biology under your belt , you 're in luck .
This stuff may be dorky ( so do n't read it in front of your friend ) , but it will keep you from being in that embarrasing 40 % of the population that does n't know it 's the father 's genetic contribution that determines whether a child is a boy or a girl .
This is a very cool little magic trick that can be easily and cheaply put together in a few minutes ( took me about 20 minutes to do the sewing and
such ) , and it ’s one of those things that looks “ impossible ” such that it should harm you but it does n’t , kind of like walking on red - hot coals ( which works because ash is an extraordinarily good insulator and the millimeters - thin coating on the surface of the coals does n’t
allow the heat from the embers to transfer to your feet ) .
What ’s happening here is that the base of the flame is the coolest part , as is normally the case –I really tried to find an explanation for why this is the case online , but amazingly came up empty , the best I can do is to speculate that the reason that the base of a flame is the coolest part and it gets hotter as you go up is because as thing heat up they get less and less dense and therefore rise in an atmosphere ( hot air rises , i.e. hot air balloon , etc. ) which causes the hottest gases to rise to the top of the flame ; if anyone knows better please feel free to comment , your insight will be more than welcome .
A Few Tips :
When you ’re sewing the ball together , I noticed that you ca n’t push the needle through that scrunched up ball of cotton with just your fingers , here ’s what to do : put the needle in as far as you can with your fingers , then while holding the ball between your fingers , turn it upside down and press the back of the needle against a desk or table top pushing it through the ball of cotton .
Now , you ’ll find that you ca n’t pull it the rest of the way through with your fingers –take some pliers ( I used the needle - nosed ones on my leatherman ) and pull it through .
You do n’t need much lighter fluid , maybe 5 seconds worth ( if you ’re using the typical yellow plastic - bottled Ronsonol stuff with the itty - bitty spout on it ) , you definitely do n’t want to douse it such it ends up leaking any fluid onto your hand once it ’s lit because then that fluid will immediately ignite and you ’ll end up screaming , waving your flaming hand around in the air and looking very silly , indeed .
I am honestly very suspicious of the person that did this video , I really think they had some added help of some sort , probably petroleum jelly , as I found it very difficult to hold onto one of these things and could n’t come close to replicating what they did in the video–I ’ve heard that
petroleum jelly is often used to keep people from being burned when doing stunts on TV where they ’re lit on fire , and several people who have tried this and commented on the video that was posted on Metacafe ( same video , not sure if it was posted there or Youtube first , does n’t really matter ) said that petroleum jelly does indeed make a big difference .
Please , feel free to try and it and comment on your results .
Here ’s the video :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
A writer at About.com tries this through the instructions in the same video and finds that she ’s unable to hold onto them either , hmmmm I ’m really beginning to doubt the validity of this :
How to make fireballs at about.com
Users will now be able to rent and purchase movies from the phone , along with audiobooks .
from the phone , along with audiobooks .
MMS will be available from 29 carriers at launch , with AT&T lagging behind into the summer .
will be available from 29 carriers at launch , with AT&T lagging behind into the summer .
Tethering over Bluetooth and USB for Macs and PCs is also enabled , with 22 carriers announcing support , but AT&T was n't mentioned among them -- we 're not holding our breath .
over Bluetooth and USB for Macs and PCs is also enabled , with 22 carriers announcing support , but AT&T was n't mentioned among them -- we 're not holding our breath .
New and improved Safari does JavaScript 3X faster , and supports QuickTime X - style HTTP streaming of audio and video .
There 's also AutoFill for forms , and improved HTML 5 support including audio and video tags .
does JavaScript 3X faster , and supports QuickTime X - style HTTP streaming of audio and video .
There 's also AutoFill for forms , and improved HTML 5 support including audio and video tags .
Find My iPhone tracks down your phone using MobileMe from any browser .
It locates the phone on a map , and also allows you to remote wipe the device , or even play a sound on the phone for locating it around the house -- even when it 's on vibrate .
tracks down your phone using MobileMe from any browser .
It locates the phone on a map , and also allows you to remote wipe the device , or even play a sound on the phone for locating it around the house -- even when it 's on vibrate .
New dev features have been detailed at length , but they 're still around .
Features include in - app purchases ( but only for apps that were paid to start out with ) , Bluetooth and dock connector communication with other devices , including other iPhones .
Embedded Google
Maps in third party apps , including turn by turn apps .
Push notifications of text alerts , number badges and sound alerts .
Apple 's showing off iPhone OS 3.0 at WWDC , and while we 've seen most of it , there were naturally going to be a few surprises :
The new OS will be pushed to devices on June 17th , and iPod touch users get to pay $ 9.95 for the privilege .
Developers get to play with the gold master today .
Police : Husband Hired Wife 's Rapist off Craigslist for Sexual Fantasy Police say a N.C. man solicited a Craigslist advertiser to rape his wife .
June 4 , 2009  -- Police in North Carolina are hunting for a man they believe raped a woman at knifepoint .
The assailant , police say , was hired by the woman 's husband through Craigslist to feed his sexual fantasy .
" She was definitely not a willing participant , " Kannapolis Police Capt .
Chuck Adams told ABCNews.com today .
" The children were in a bedroom across the hallway , maybe 15 to 20 feet away . "
Adams said the woman 's husband Travis -- ABCNews.com is withholding his last name to protect his wife 's identity because she is a sex crime victim -- responded to two Craigslist sex advertisements asking if the men would be willing to rape his wife , Adams said .
Travis , 25 , has been charged with first - degree rape , two counts of first - degree sexual offense and attempted first - degree sexual offense .
Adams said that even though Travis did not rape his wife , the laws allow for him to be charged with the crime for allegedly soliciting someone else to carry it out .
The Craigslist ads , Adams said , did not advertise rape - for - hire , but one of the men agreed .
Adams said the advertisements , listed in Craigslist 's oft - criticized " adult services " section were " very lewd . "
Adams declined to detail specifics of Travis ' solicitation , but said he requested the would - be rapist to " come in in a way that would use a scare tactic . "
" We believe it was part of a fantasy he had , " Adams said .
In the early morning hours of May 31 , Adams said , the hired assailant woke the 28 - year - old mother of two and raped her at knifepoint while Travis watched .
She called 911 around 2:34 a.m .
Now police are closing in on their rape suspect .
Adams said that with the help of the Charlotte division of Secret Service computer experts , they have a " good lead " on a suspect who lives in the area .
Adams said that other than the emotional trauma of knowing her husband solicited her rape , the woman suffered no physical injuries .
Though the rapist threatened to cut her with the knife , he never did , Adams said .
The woman was treated and released from an area hospital after a forensic exam .
The woman , when reached by phone at her home , declined to comment , saying " I 'm not talking to anybody . "
Travis , who was employed by a Charlotte - based construction company , is being held at the Cabarrus County Detention Center in Concord , N.C. , on a $ 200,000 bond .
Court records do not list an attorney .
He is next due in court June 30 .
Adams said the couple 's children , ages 1 and 4 , were asleep at the time of the attack and there is no indication they knew anything was wrong until police showed up .
The children are in their mother 's custody .
Latest Craigslist Controversy
Travis ' alleged rape - for - hire is the latest black mark against Craigslist , one of the world 's most popular online collection of classified advertisements .
In the wake of the arrest of Boston med student Philip Markoff for the alleged murder of a woman he met through a Craigslist advertisement , the site agreed to better monitor sex- related ads and change it's " erotic services " category to " adult services . "
Markoff , dubbed the so - called " Craigslist Killer , " has also been accused of robbing two other women he met through sex ads on Craigslist , one in Boston and one in Rhode Island .
With pressure from as many as 40 state attorneys general , Craigslist also agreed to ban nude or graphic images , but a quick scan of the Charlotte - area listings shows several such listings as well as hourly rates for sexual services .
Jennifer Wilson , program director for Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network 's National Sexual Assault Hotline told ABCNews.com that she had never heard of a case where a husband hired someone to rape his wife .
Wilson said consent means the difference between fantasy and crime .
" Getting married does not mean you are consenting to any type of sex for the rest of your life , " she said .
Being raped by a spouse or intimate partner , she said , can have serious psychological effects for a woman who enterered marriage with feelings of love and trust .
" When that trust is violated , I think that has some very serious implications , " she said .
Women who are raped by their spouses tend to have severe feelings of isolation and depression and tend to be less likely to get help , simply based on their relationship with the attacker .
For more information or for help dealing with sexual assault , contact the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE .
April 2009
Recently I realized I 'd been holding two ideas in my head that would explode if combined .
The first is that startups may represent a new economic phase , on the scale of the Industrial Revolution .
I 'm not sure of this , but there seems a decent chance it 's true .
People are dramatically more productive as founders or early employees of startups — imagine how much less Larry and Sergey would have achieved if they 'd gone to work for a big company — and that scale of improvement can change social customs .
The second idea is that startups are a type of business that flourishes in certain places that specialize in it — that Silicon Valley specializes in startups in the same way Los Angeles specializes in movies , or New York in finance . [ 1 ]
What if both are true ?
What if startups are both a new economic phase and also a type of business that only flourishes in certain centers ?
If so , this revolution is going to be particularly revolutionary .
All previous revolutions have spread .
Agriculture , cities , and industrialization all spread widely .
If startups end up being like the movie business , with just a handful of centers and one dominant one , that 's going to have novel consequences .
There are already signs that startups may not spread particularly well .
The spread of startups seems to be proceeding slower than the spread of the Industrial Revolution , despite the fact that communication is so much faster now .
Within a few decades of the founding of Boulton & Watt there were steam engines scattered over northern Europe and North America .
Industrialization did n't spread much beyond those regions for a while .
It only spread to places where there was a strong middle class — countries where a private citizen could make a fortune without having it confiscated .
Otherwise it was n't worth investing in factories .
But in a country with a strong middle class it was easy for industrial techniques to take root .
An individual mine or factory owner could decide to install a steam engine , and within a few years he could probably find someone local to make him one .
So steam engines spread fast .
And they spread widely , because the locations of mines and factories were determined by features like rivers , harbors , and sources of raw materials . [ 2 ]
Startups do n't seem to spread so well , partly because they 're more a social than a technical phenomenon , and partly because they 're not tied to geography .
An individual European manufacturer could import industrial techniques and they 'd work fine .
This does n't seem to work so well with startups : you need a community of expertise , as you do in the movie business . [ 3 ]
Plus there are n't the same forces driving startups to spread .
Once railroads or electric power grids were invented , every region had to have them .
An area without railroads or power was a rich potential market .
But this is n't true with startups .
There 's no need for a Microsoft of France or Google of Germany .
Governments may decide they want to encourage startups locally , but government policy can't call them into being the way a genuine need could .
How will this all play out ?
If I had to predict now , I 'd say that startups will spread , but very slowly , because their spread will be driven not by government policies ( which wo n't work ) or by market need ( which does n't exist ) but , to the extent that it happens at all , by the same random factors that have caused startup culture to spread thus far .
And such random factors will increasingly be outweighed by the pull of existing startup hubs .
Silicon Valley is where it is because William Shockley wanted to move back to Palo Alto , where he grew up , and the experts he lured west to work with him liked it so much they stayed .
Seattle owes much of its position as a tech center to the same cause : Gates and Allen wanted to move home .
Otherwise Albuquerque might have Seattle 's place in the rankings .
Boston is a tech center because it's the intellectual capital of the US and probably the world .
And if Battery Ventures had n't turned down Facebook , Boston would be significantly bigger now on the startup radar screen .
But of course it's not a coincidence that Facebook got funded in the Valley and not Boston .
There are more and bolder investors in Silicon Valley than in Boston , and even undergrads know it .
Boston 's case illustrates the difficulty you'd have establishing a new startup hub this late in the game .
If you wanted to create a startup hub by reproducing the way existing ones happened , the way to do it would be to establish a first - rate research university in a place so nice that rich people wanted to live there .
Then the town would be hospitable to both groups you need : both founders and investors .
That 's the combination that yielded Silicon Valley .
But Silicon Valley did n't have Silicon Valley to compete with .
If you tried now to create a startup hub by planting a great university in a nice place , it would have a harder time getting started , because many of the best startups it produced would be sucked away to existing startup hubs .
Recently I suggested a potential shortcut : pay startups to move .
Once you had enough good startups in one place , it would create a self - sustaining chain reaction .
Founders would start to move there without being paid , because that was where their peers were , and investors would appear too , because that was where the deals were .
In practice I doubt any government would have the balls to try this , or the brains to do it right .
I did n't mean it as a practical suggestion , but more as an exploration of the lower bound of what it would take to create a startup hub deliberately .
The most likely scenario is ( 1 ) that no government will successfully establish a startup hub , and ( 2 ) that the spread of startup culture will thus be driven by the random factors that have driven it so far , but ( 3 ) that these factors will be increasingly outweighed by the pull of existing startup hubs .
Result : this revolution , if it is one , will be unusually localized .
Notes
[ 1 ] There are two very different types of startup : one kind that evolves naturally , and one kind that 's called into being to " commercialize " a scientific discovery .
Most computer / software startups are now the first type , and most pharmaceutical startups the second .
When I talk about startups in this essay , I mean type I startups .
There is no difficulty making type II startups spread : all you have to do is fund medical research labs ; commercializing whatever new discoveries the boffins throw off is as straightforward as building a new airport .
Type II startups neither require nor produce startup culture .
But that means having type II startups wo n't get you type I startups .
Philadelphia is a case in point : lots of type II startups , but hardly any type I .
Incidentally , Google may appear to be an instance of a type II startup , but it was n't .
Google is not pagerank commercialized .
They could have used another algorithm and everything would have turned out the same .
What made Google Google is that they cared about doing search well at a critical point in the evolution of the web .
[ 2 ] Watt did n't invent the steam engine .
His critical invention was a refinement that made steam engines dramatically more efficient : the separate condenser .
But that oversimplifies his role .
He had such a different attitude to the problem and approached it with such energy that he transformed the field .
Perhaps the most accurate way to put it would be to say that Watt reinvented the steam engine .
[ 3 ] The biggest counterexample here is Skype .
If you 're doing something that would get shut down in the US , it becomes an advantage to be located elsewhere .
That 's why Kazaa took the place of Napster .
And the expertise and connections the founders gained from running Kazaa helped ensure the success of Skype .
Thanks to Patrick Collison , Jessica Livingston , and Fred Wilson for reading drafts of this .
New developments in the Flaming Lips vs. the Oklahoma House of Representatives story !
Oklahoma Governor Brad Henry has overruled the House 's rejection of the Flaming Lips ' " Do You Realize ? ? " as the official state rock song .
In a press release , Henry declared his intention to sign an executive order on Tuesday , April 28 , putting the tune in its rightful place .
Since the official state rock song was chosen by a public online vote , Henry considers it " the People 's Choice " , and he respects that .
In the press release , Governor Henry said , " For more than 20 years , Oklahomaâ€™s own Flaming Lips have produced creative , fun and provocative rock music .
The music of the Flaming Lips has earned Grammys , glowing critical acclaim and fans all over the world .
A truly iconic rock ' n ' roll band , they are proud ambassadors of their home state .
They were clearly the peopleâ€™s choice , and I intend to honor that vote . "
Before the Governor 's statement , the Flaming Lips posted a MySpace bulletin responding to the House 's decision .
Here 's what they had to say :
* As many people around the world know , the Flaming Lips are proud to be from Oklahoma .
We want everyone to understand that only a minority of the representatives voted against this law .
The facts are that " Do You Realize " won over 50 % of the popular vote in the original poll , passed unanimously in the Senate , and won over a majority of the Representatives in the House ( 48 were for the law passing , 39 against â€ “ 14 were absent from the vote â€ “ you need 51 to pass the law ) .
Regardless of what the minority in the House of Representatives wish , the Flaming Lips remain proud ambassadors of the state .
We are honored
that the majority of the people who voted , hoped to have " Do You Realize " be the Oklahoma State Rock Song .
Perhaps there is still a way it can be .
- The Flaming Lips *
Last year 's RubyFringe conference was very succesful and well received , yielding a lot of interesting talks and interviews .
This year , Unspace , the company that put RubyFringe together , decided to do it all over with the FutureRuby conference in Toronto July 9 - 12 2009 .
Tickets are still available - although 15th June is the deadline for the regular priced tickets .
We talked to Pete Forde of Unspace , organizers of RubyFringe and this year FutureRuby , about what to expect from the conference .
InfoQ :
You do n't seem to be targeting a particular topic with the conference - what 's the theme for FutureRuby ?
We 're having a lot of fun dodging people 's expectations about what FutureRuby is .
I 'm very grateful to the registered attendees for trusting us , as many of them were booked long before we even started formally inviting speakers .
While in many ways this conference is an evolution of what started at RubyFringe last year , it 's very important to us that FutureRuby has its own identity , audience and spirit ... this is not an encore !
If RubyFringe was defined by not being a dry , forgettable cookie - cutter cash grab event - and FutureRuby is defined as not being RubyFringe - then we had a paradox on our hands .
That pretty much left us with the New World Order , or Soviet Russia .
Given the choice between " The Manchurian Candidate " or " From Russia With Love " the decision was obvious : lovable , kitschy Commies .
The factual , serious answer is that most conferences pretend to provide an opportunity to " learn " by catching up with the status quo , and that 's why they bore alpha geeks to tears .
Our events are specifically designed to gather a critical mass of smart , creative hackers and bombard them with new ideas that are truly on the bleeding fringe stuff that has n't happened yet , or is just about to - in the context of an inclusive social atmosphere .
This fast - forwards the genesis of real - world friendships , and suddenly you have people going home and realizing that they 're the ones deciding what the future is going to look like .
InfoQ : Could you talk a bit about the speakers you invited ?
Are they all Ruby developers ?
I take my role as curator very seriously , and I 've worked very hard to find an interesting balance between Ruby developers - some well known and some speaking for the first time - and a significant amount of " other " .
You 'll find wizards like Ilya Grigorik mixed with programmers from other languages , frameworks and disciplines .
Molly Holzschlag is a personal hero of mine ; she co-wrote The CSS Zen Garden and influences standards that are n't even implemented yet .
There are definitely a few names on the list that are n't even programmers at all .
RubyFringe attendees will remember that speakers were free to choose their topics and decide to change their minds if they wish .
One of my favourite talks was Nick Sieger .
I introduced him as being from the JRuby project , and he proceeded to blow everyone 's minds with an oral history of jazz music , and how it pertained to programming .
The audience ate it up , and I realized in that moment that we 'd broken through the expectation barrier .
If your idea of a good conference is four concurrent tracks of socially awkward nerds debating fixtures and mocks for 50 - 90 minutes in a monotone , you 're doing it wrong .
I 've invited people with a plethora of interesting stories to share , and the truth is that I 'll find out what those stories will be at the same time as everyone else .
This should excite you , or else it 's possible that FutureRuby is not the place for you ... and that 's okay !
InfoQ : How will FutureRuby differ from RubyFringe ?
In terms of content , theme and pacing , the two events are wildly different .
Giles Bowkett is the only recurring speaker , and he's not going anywhere near last year 's presentation .
The social events are entirely different , and spaced out over more time ; we 're running the public FAILCamp event ( http://failcampto.eventbrite.com/) on its own night , and yes , we 're really putting everyone on a ferry and taking them to a private yacht club on an island .
There 's going to be a block party on the last night .
Also , there were zero Russian dancers at RubyFringe .
What 's exactly the same ( or evolved ) is all of the logistics and attention to detail .
The food and parties are going to be amazing , the swag will be exceptional and free of corporate logos , everyone will be issued a public transit pass and encouraged to walk or take public transit .
It 's still single - track , 30 minute talks , and no Q&A .
It 's still capped at 150 attendees .
We try to be accessible and listen when people have dietary restrictions .
The thing I 'm most proud of is that we are seeing the return of our travel companion program , which was a huge hit last year .
Boyfriends , girlfriends , spouses and lovers traveling to Toronto with FutureRuby attendees have their own activity program , and they 're able to join in the evening festivities .
That 's right ...
FutureRuby might just save your marriage .
InfoQ :
In this cash strapped time , what 's your argument for attending FutureRuby ?
FutureRuby is intentionally priced in the mid-range at CAN$ 800 ( Hurry !
$ 900 for rush tickets after June 15th ) which works out to roughly US$ 700 .
Our early - bird tickets sold out in five hours , and they were actually cheaper than RailsConf tickets ; we also happen to include 5 meals and 4 catered parties with open bars in the mix .
And yet , the reasons to come to FutureRuby have nothing to do with money .
Our quasi - revolutionary goal is to seed raw , chaotic innovation in our community .
It 's not about frameworks or test coverage , but inspiration and learning from the mistakes of others .
We do our part by gathering the great minds of our time , and the people in attendance are able to react to what they see in ways that just are n't possible under normal circumstances .
If you 're an analyst or start - up founder and you want access to what people are going to be excited about next year , FutureRuby is the big bang .
Bankster shills Bayh and Ryan -- corruption is bicameral and bipartisan ... and no laughing matter
A survey by The Hill illustrates that the economic recession and hundreds of billions of dollars in government bailout money for the financial industry appear to have done little or nothing to dent the fundraising prowess of many of the largest banking and financial industry interests .
Through April of this year , the political action committees ( PACs ) for six of the largest industry trade associations raised $ 1.6 million and spent $ 1.7 million , according to a review of campaign finance records .
PACs for some of the largest banks have held off making major contributions to federal candidates while they received federal bailout money , but six of them have amassed nearly $ 3.7 million in cash on hand .
The trade associations have roughly another $ 2.7 million available .
The fundraising takes place as President Obama gets set to unveil wide - ranging proposals on June 17 to remake the financial system , while Congress is ramping up hearings and beginning to draft legislation .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) said he intends by July to pass through his committee major legislation on “ systemic risk , ” executive pay , investor protection and resolution authority for non -bank financial institutions .
As a result , financial groups say , it ’s more important than ever that their members have a voice in Washington .
... Critics argue that the money will give the industry a heavy hand in shaping legislation to its benefit and threatens to stymie changes that would benefit consumers .
“ The industry continues to wield a lot of power because of the money , ” said Kathleen Day , spokeswoman for the Center for Responsible Lending .
“ That ’s just the fact . ”
Outside critics and some Democratic members , most notably Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill. ) , said banking interests have already shown their clout .
Financial interests won a major battle earlier this year when the Senate failed to pass a bill that would have allowed bankruptcy judges to modify the terms of primary home mortgages .
Industry groups stridently opposed that measure , which they call “ cramdown . ”
I 've been speaking to members of Congress and their staffers all week -- almost 100 of them , including not just the progressives I normally talk to , but even Blue Dogs and their Republican allies .
The object is to stop the $ 108 billion European bank bailout -- and the subsequent loss of dozens of Democrat seats in the House and Senate in 2010 .
But Rahm Emanuel , who has always been a creature of the banking establishment ( and who worked as a bankster for a brief time between his Clinton job and his congressional job -- during which he " became " a multimillionaire -- is ruthlessly demanding that Democrats honor Obama 's commitment to bailout European banks with American tax dollars , the biggest political misstep the administration has made since ... hiring Emanuel on as chief of staff .
Many of the congressmembers and staffers I 've talked to repeat the mantra Emanuel has pounded into their skulls : " we ca n't vote against the troops . "
They sound as stupid and worthless and the Republican rubber stamps we worked so hard to drive from power .
None of them -- not even the worst of them -- ever say " But , Howie , the banking sector has donated $ 50,000 to me over the years ; how can I screw them now ?
And if I vote against them , they finance an opponent in 2010 .
" Nevertheless , the truth is very ugly .
This morning Silla Brush reports inthat the banksters have amassed a huge political war chest to reward their friends and punish their enemies .
" On the eve of a major overhaul of the financial system intended to prevent another crisis from erupting , the financial industry has built a more than $ 6 million war chest to sway lawmakers . "
Considering that the banksters have been getting several hundred billion dollars in taxpayer funds , we are subsidizing the legalized bribes that the banksters are dangling over the heads of our representatives to vote against our best interests .
Some of the banks that had the decency to stop bribing politicians while they were receiving bailout money -- or were too scared to do s0 -- are among the banks being allowed to repay their TARP loans .
And they 're back in the PAC business .
Bank of America , for example , is collecting PAC money from its bonus - happy executives at a prodigious rate .
“ We ’re doing our research , ” threatened a Bank of America spokeswoman .
“ In previous years we knew the people and their track record .
” Yes , they did .
Let 's forget for a moment that the Finance , Insurance and Real Estate sector ( FIRE ) spent more money on lobbying than any other sector ( $ 3,560,808,113 since 1998 ) and instead just focus on the $ 2,237,819,188 they 've directly contributed to members of Congress and to candidates for Congress .
Which members of Congress have they lavished the really big money on ?
McCain got the most , by far -- over $ 33 million -- but let 's leave out members of Congress who ran presidential campaigns and just focus on current members of Congress -- senators who have gotten over $ 4 million and House members who have gotten over $ 2.5 million .
Looking at the list of the biggest Senate recipients is like looking at a list of the biggest perps in that august body : Chuck Schumer ( D - Wall Street ) - $ 12,909,246Joe Lieberman ( I - Corruption ) - $ 10,004,424Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA ) - $ 5,839,910 Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) - $ 5,093,903 Lamar Alexander ( R- TN ) - $ 4,861,425 Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX ) - $ 4,695,388 Max Baucus ( D - MT ) - $ 4,676,093 Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) - $ 4,428,842John Cornyn ( R - TX ) - $ 4,375,117 Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) - $ 4,053,616
And in the House , the banksters have been targeting their giving at powerful chairmen and knee jerk shills : Charlie Rangel ( D - NY ) - $ 4,310,726 Spencer Baucus ( R - AL ) - $ 3,815,224Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) - $ 3,265,044 Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) - $ 3,192,188John Boehner ( R - OH ) - $ 3,107,459 Earl Pomeroy ( D - ND ) - $ 2,862,544Barney Frank ( D - MA ) - $ 2,790,811 Pete Sesssions ( R - TX ) - $ 2,761,030 Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) - $ 2,698,705 Nita Lowey ( D - NY ) - $ 2,668,210 Roy Blunt ( R- MO ) - $ 2,667,605Steny Hoyer ( D - MD ) - $ 2,622,083 Ed Royce ( R- CA ) - $ 2,582,964
And it is n't only the bankster PACs that are corrupting Congress .
That fount of corruption and reactionary politics , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is launching a multimillion - dollar campaign " to defend the free market system " from the American people .
Today 'sis reporting that the Chamber is on the warpath ( again ) -- $ 100 million worth .
Most of the money will go to the most corrupt members of Congress , money - worshipping and greed - obsessed Republicans and their Blue Dog and DLC allies .
Right - wing , anti-working family Democrats like Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) and Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) have nothing to fear from the Chamber .
The Chamber 's targets are always the same : Democrats who defend the interests of ordinary American working families .
This morning I was explaining how Emanuel was forcing reluctant Democrats to vote for that $ 108 billion bailout for European banks and she came up with a very clear way of looking at it .
" If , " Cynthia pointed out , " we 're borrowing $ 108 billion for China and then loaning it to the IMF to dole out to the European banks , why can't the Europeans just borrow the money directly from China .
What do they want from us ? "
Good question -- and one that many Americans will get progressively more concerned about once the Republicans pounce on naive Democrats foolish enough to vote for this turd .
I was very heartened this morning to see the results of the latest Diageo / Hotline poll showing that there is very high public support for a major overhaul of the health care system .
62 % of respondents support Obama 's approach .
87 % of Democrats , 64 % of Independents and even 35 % of Republicans support a major overhaul of health care .
Looking like voters are n't ready to be fooled by Republicans again .
Labels : banksters , bribery , Chamber of Commerce , Culture of Corruption
Yes !
A complete RCA EMT 12 Page Brochure has been found !
You may get all 12 pages , but we suggest a high speed line !
Beware , if you click on one of these photos you will be loading a long time if you are on a dial up line !
EMT 1950
This was an inexpensive table model that was designed with use in high schools and small colleges in mind ..
As I recall it had lenses made of permanent magnets to eliminate the need for lens power supplies and to hold the cost down .
- Wilbur C. Bigelow , Prof. Emeritus
Materials Sci. & Engr. , University of Michigan
Compact Electron Microscope [ © RCA - RADIO AGE Page 19 , July 1950 ] New Instrument Expected to Have Wide Usage in
Colleges , Hospitals and Industrial Laboratories SPECIMENS TO BE OBSERVED IN THE TABLE MODEL ELECTRON MICROSCOPE ( SEE FRONT COVER ) ARE INSERTED INTO THE INSTRUMENT THROUGH THE SMALL ROD SHOWN ABOVE .
A new , advanced model of the electron microscope , much lower in cost , less complex and only 30 inches high , has been developed by RCA and will be placed on the market later this year .
Features of the new microscope - its reduction in bulk , complexity and cost - are expected to appeal particularly to many colleges , hospitals and industrial laboratories .
In announcing the instrument , Dr. John H. Reisner , its designer ; Dr. James Hillier , research physicist of RCA Laboratories and co-developer of the original RCA electron microscope , and Dr. Richard G. Picard , manager of the RCA Scientific Instruments Engineering , described its structure and principles , and demonstrated its operation .
Of special significance , Dr. Hillier said , is the fact that the lower end of the magnification range of the new instrument overlaps that of the conventional light or optical microscope , permitting the student to progress by stages from the known to the unknown .
He may thus relate the particles and structural details he observes to those made familiar to him by the optical microscope , before advancing to higher magnifications which disclose a vast amount of new detail that he might otherwise be unable to identify .
Equally important , it was pointed out , is the simplicity of operation achieved in the new design , which makes the instrument safe for operation in the hands of a high school student or unskilled laboratory personnel .
With no more than an hour of instruction , it was asserted , an operator generally familiar with the optical microscope should be able to insert specimens and produce well - focused pictures .
Dr. Reisner said that a unique advantage in time - saving and convenience is afforded by an engineering advance which for the first time permits insertion of specimens into the evacuated column , and their removal , without breaking the vacuum .
In addition , he said , photographic plates may be changed without admitting more than a small amount of air to the column .
As a result , pumping time between plates is reduced to only 90 seconds , which is just about enough time for the photographic development normally carried out between exposures .
Marked Simplicity Achieved Marked simplicity , Dr. Picard said , is achieved without sacrifice of high - quality performance by means of a combination of design factors , including an entirely new electron optical system employing permanent magnet lenses instead of the conventional electromagnetic or electrostatic lenses .
Through the use of permanent magnets , he explained , usual stability is permanently achieved and many controls and components are eliminated .
Incorporating " new approaches to the problem of energizing magnetic lenses , new means of introducing specimens and photographic plates into the vacuum enclosure , and a new means of alignment of optical components , " he said , the instrument was developed specifically to meet " the microscope problems now clearly defined by experience , by simplifying constructional design to essentials , and by utilizing new materials in an integrated design " .
By retaining the high voltage of the much larger Universal Model , Dr. Reisner explained that greater penetration of the specimen is achieved , thereby producing a more detailed image .
Thick specimens such as replicas and tissue sections may be studied by means of the new microscope , he added .
Methods of mounting and introducing the specimen are simple and easily mastered .
To change specimens the operator needs only to pull out of the column a sliding rod containing the specimen holder , make the change , and push the rod back in place .
A new type of specimen holder facilitates pre-preparation of specimens , so that production - line procedures may be followed in running one specimen after another without any delay .
[ ©
RCA - RADIO AGE Page 19 , July 1950 ]
New instructor gets a hearty welcome Portable electron microscope , developed by RCA ,
widens research in universities , industries , hospitals .
new instructor gets a hearty welcome
You 've read , in both newspapers and magazines , about the powerful electron microscope .
Now this amazing " instructor " of scientists and physicians becomes even more useful - in more research fields .
Through basic principles uncovered at RCA Laboratories , RCA engineers have developed a compact " table model " electron microscope , at a price which makes it practical for use in an increased number of universities , industries , hospitals , clinics .
So simplified is the new instrument that a high school student or unskilled laboratory technician can quickly learn to use it !
Magnifications of 6000 times can be obtained directly in RCA 's portable electron microscope - four times that of ordinary light microscopes - and photography lifts this to 30,000 !
A new " instructor , " yes - and one that gets a very hearty welcome .
RCA research develops better scientific instruments , and better television instruments
for you - RCA Victor 's 1951 home television receivers .
RADIO CORPORATION of AMERICA World Leader in Radio - First - in Television ( info from a 1950's National Geographic Ad )
Amid all the tragedy last Thursday with Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett dying , rumors were flying that a third horrible death had struck Hollywood : Jeff Goldblum .
Websites claimed that the star was in New Zealand filming a movie and fell off a cliff .
In fact , the actor was alive in Los Angeles .
Still , in an age of Twitter , news travels fast and sources are not always correct .
Stephen Colbert ( jokingly ) fell victim to the Goldblum prank , and even when the Jurassic Park star appeared on The Colbert Report to dispel the rumor , the comic did n't believe him .
That is , until Goldblum sent a message through the microblogging site .
" The dead can Twitter , " Colbert pronounced .
Later , he says , " I , for one , do n't think I could put into words the magnitude of this loss . "
Then Goldblum asked to give it a shot .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Veteran actor Karl Malden , who won an Academy Award for his role in " A Streetcar Named Desire , " has died at age 97 , his manager said Wednesday .
Karl Malden in " The Streets of San Francisco " in 1974 .
Malden was nominated for four Emmys for the series .
Malden died in his sleep about 2:30 a.m. Wednesday , said his manager , Bud Ross .
Malden appeared alongside Marlon Brando in two of director Elia Kazan 's classic films of the 1950s -- " A Streetcar Named Desire " and " On the Waterfront . "
He won the best supporting actor Oscar for " Streetcar , " which was released in 1951 , in 1952 and was nominated for his role as a priest crusading against crooked union bosses in " On the Waterfront . "
Ross said he did not know the cause of death .
" It could be a combination of things , " Ross said .
" He was 97 years old . "
Born Mladen George Sekulovich in Gary , Indiana , the bulb - nosed actor made his New York stage debut in 1938 and first appeared in films in the 1940 melodrama " They Knew What They Wanted . "
After serving in the Army Air Corps in World War II , he made his mark in the New York production of " Streetcar , " by Tennessee Williams .
Watch Malden talk about why he got into acting »
Malden also did extensive work in television , starring with Michael Douglas in the police drama " The Streets of San Francisco " from 1972 - 77 .
He was nominated four times for Emmys for the show , and won a supporting - actor Emmy for his part in the miniseries adaptation of the true - crime bestseller " Fatal Vision " in 1985 .
His other well - known screen roles include his performances in " Patton , " in which he played World War II Gen .
Omar Bradley alongside George C. Scott 's title character ; the steamy " Baby Doll , " another Elia Kazan - Tennessee Williams collaboration ; and " Gypsy . "
Malden was also famous for a series of television ads for the American Express card , in which he advised viewers , " Do n't leave home without it . "
Watch Malden talk why he took such diverse roles »
A memorial service is expected to be held within the next three to four weeks , Ross said .
Malden was the president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1989 to 1992 .
The Academy is best known for its annual awards , the Oscars .
Malden 's " Streetcar " Oscar had its own mini-drama .
In 1985 , he sent it to the manufacturer in Chicago for replating .
But he discovered the award sent back to him was a fake in 2006 , when the original appeared for sale on eBay .
The Academy sued the sellers , Randy and Matt Mariani , who eventually returned the award .
In 2004 , he received the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award .
Malden was born on March 22 , 1912 , and grew up in Gary .
He broke his nose twice playing football in high school , where his athleticism won him a scholarship to Arkansas State Teacher 's College in Conway .
After being forbidden by his basketball coach to appear in a school play , Malden left college and began playing semi-pro basketball .
He later worked in the steel mills of Gary to save money for drama school .
When his acting career began , Malden took his grandfather 's first name and rearranged the spelling of his own first name to make his professional last name .
He said he changed his name , " to fit theater marquees . "
One of Malden 's last acting roles was in 2000 , according to IMDB.com .
He played a priest in an episode of " The West Wing . "
All About Obituaries
Reuben Mattus , the Polish immigrant who stuck an umlaut on a nonsensical name and parlayed the exotic result into the multimillion - dollar company that sold Haagen - Dazs ice cream , died on Thursday in the North Broward Medical Center in Deerfield Beach , Fla .
Mr. Mattus , who lived in Cresskill , N.J. , was 81 .
Mr. Mattus suffered a heart attack while on vacation , said a daughter , Doris Hurley .
Starting as a teen - ager and working first out of a horse and wagon , Mr. Mattus peddled the Mattus family 's homemade ice cream for more than 30 years to small candy stores and neighborhood restaurants in the Bronx , expanding his business gradually .
The financial rewards were modest until 1959 , when he hit on the idea that would make his fortune .
Correctly deducing that a large share of ice cream lovers in New York would be willing to pay for something they perceived as different , even evocative , and maybe better , Mr. Mattus came up with the name Haagen - Dazs , wanting it to sound cold , clear , luxurious and Danish .
A map of Scandinavia was printed on its carton .
But the name is not Danish , indeed the umlaut does not exist in Danish , and the name means as little in that language as it does in English .
More Butterfat , Less Air
The Army has proposed the uses can range from hitting enemies hidden in trenches ( as pictured above ) , or even hitting a sniper hiding in a building by setting the range about a meter beyond the window .
They are also proposed as a smarter alternative to grenade launchers , which can serve the same purpose but be less accurate and have limited range , making them more prone to collateral damage .
Because of its deep water habitat , little is known of its behaviour , although not surprisingly , judging by its body shape , it is known to be a sluggish swimmer .
With all the talk of " green shoots " of economic recovery , America 's banks are pushing back on efforts to regulate them .
While politicians talk about their commitment to regulatory reform to prevent a recurrence of the crisis , this is one area where the devil really is in the details – and the banks will muster what muscle they have left to ensure that they have ample room to continue as they have in the past .
The old system worked well for the bankers ( if not for their shareholders ) , so why should they embrace change ?
Indeed , the efforts to rescue them devoted so little thought to the kind of post - crisis financial system we want that we will end up with a banking system that is less competitive , with the large banks that were too big too fail even larger .
It has long been recognised that those America 's banks that are too big to fail are also too big to be managed .
That is one reason that the performance of several of them has been so dismal .
Because government provides deposit insurance , it plays a large role in restructuring ( unlike other sectors ) .
Normally , when a bank fails , the government engineers a financial restructuring ; if it has to put in money , it , of course , gains a stake in the future .
Officials know that if they wait too long , zombie or near zombie banks – with little or no net worth , but treated as if they were viable institutions – are likely to " gamble on resurrection " .
If they take big bets and win , they walk away with the proceeds ; if they fail , the government picks up the tab .
This is not just theory ; it is a lesson we learned , at great expense , during the Savings and Loan crisis of the 1980s .
When the ATM machine says " insufficient funds " , the government does n't want this to mean that the bank , rather than your account , is out of money , so it intervenes before the till is empty .
In a financial restructuring , shareholders typically get wiped out , and bondholders become the new shareholders .
Sometimes the government must provide additional funds ; sometimes it looks for a new investor to take over the failed bank .
The Obama administration has , however , introduced a new concept : too big to be financially restructured .
The administration argues that all hell would break loose if we tried to play by the usual rules with these big banks .
Markets would panic .
So , we not only can't touch the bondholders , we also can't even touch the shareholders – even if most of the shares ' existing value merely reflects a bet on a government bailout .
I think this judgment is wrong .
I think the Obama administration has succumbed to political pressure and scaremongering by the big banks .
As a result , the administration has confused bailing out the bankers and their shareholders with bailing out the banks .
Restructuring gives banks a chance for a new start : new potential investors ( whether in equity or debt instruments ) will have more confidence , other banks will be more willing to lend to them and they will be more willing to lend to others .
The bondholders will gain from an orderly restructuring , and if the value of the assets is truly greater than the market ( and outside analysts ) believe , they will eventually reap the gains .
But what is clear is that the Obama strategy 's current and future costs are very high – and so far , it has not achieved its limited objective of restarting lending .
The taxpayer has had to pony up billions , and has provided billions more in guarantees – bills that are likely to come due in the future .
Rewriting the rules of the market economy – in a way that has benefited those that have caused so much pain to the entire global economy – is worse than financially costly .
Most Americans view it as grossly unjust , especially after they saw the banks divert the billions intended to enable them to revive lending to payments of outsized bonuses and dividends .
Tearing up the social contract is something that should not be done lightly .
But this new form of ersatz capitalism , in which losses are socialised and profits privatised , is doomed to failure .
Incentives are distorted .
There is no market discipline .
The too - big - to - be - restructured banks know that they can gamble with impunity – and , with the Federal Reserve making funds available at near - zero interest rates , there are ample funds to do so .
Some have called this new economic regime " socialism with American characteristics " .
But socialism is concerned about ordinary individuals .
By contrast , the US has provided little help for the millions of Americans who are losing their homes .
Workers who lose their jobs receive only 39 weeks of limited unemployment benefits , and are then left on their own .
And , when they lose their jobs , most lose their health insurance too .
America has expanded its corporate safety net in unprecedented ways , from commercial banks to investment banks , then to insurance and now to cars , with no end in sight .
In truth , this is not socialism , but an extension of longstanding corporate welfarism .
The rich and powerful turn to the government to help them whenever they can , while needy individuals get little social protection .
We need to break up the too - big - to - fail banks ; there is no evidence that these behemoths deliver societal benefits that are commensurate with the costs they have imposed on others .
And , if we do n't break them up , then we have to severely limit what they do .
They can't be allowed to do what they did in the past – gamble at others ' expenses .
This raises another problem with America 's too - big - to - fail , too - big - to - be - restructured banks : they are too politically powerful .
Their lobbying efforts worked well , first to deregulate and then to have taxpayers pay for the cleanup .
Their hope is that it will work once again to keep them free to do as they please , regardless of the risks for taxpayers and the economy .
We can not afford to let that happen .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
Facial Expressions And Value Judgments - We Detect Happy Before Sad
People make value judgements about others based on their facial expressions , according to a new study carried out by Spanish and Brazilian researchers .
After looking at a face for only 100 milliseconds , we can detect expressions of happiness and surprise faster than those of sadness or fear .
Our brains get a first impression of people 's overriding social signals after seeing their faces for only 100 milliseconds ( 0.1 seconds ) .
Whether this impression is correct is another question .
An international research group has carried out an in - depth study into how we process emotional expressions , looking at the pattern of cerebral asymmetry in the perception of positive and negative facial signals .
The researchers worked with 80 psychology students ( 65 women and 15 men ) to analyze the differences between their cerebral hemispheres using the " divided visual field " technique , which is based on the anatomical properties of the visual system .
" What is new about this study is that working in this way ensures that the information is focused on one cerebral hemisphere or the other " , J. Antonio Aznar - Casanova , one of the authors of the study and a researcher at the University of Barcelona ( UB ) , told Servicio de Información y Noticias Científicas ( SINC ) .
The results , published in the latest issue of the journal Laterality , show that the right hemisphere performs better in processing emotions .
" However , this advantage appears to be more evident when it comes to processing happy and surprised faces than sad or frightened ones " , the researcher points out .
" Positive expressions , or expressions of approach , are perceived more quickly and more precisely than negative , or withdrawal , ones .
So happiness and surprise are processed faster than sadness and fear " , explains Aznar - Casanova .
The two faces of the brain
This research study adds to previous ones , which had revealed asymmetries in the way the brain processes emotions , and enriches the international debate in cognitive - emotional neuroscience in terms of how to define the exact way in which human beings process these facial expressions .
People make deductions from the expressions on people 's faces .
" These inferences can strongly influence election results or the sentences given in trials , and have been studied before in fields such as criminology and the pseudoscience of physiognomy " , the neuroscientist tells SINC .
Two theories are currently " competing " to explain the pattern of cerebral asymmetry in processing emotions .
The older one postulates the dominance of the right hemisphere in the processing of emotions , while the second is based on the approach - withdrawal hypothesis , which holds that the pattern of cerebral asymmetry depends upon the emotion in question , in other words that each hemisphere is better at processing particular emotions ( the right , withdrawal , and the left , approach ) .
" Today there is scientific evidence in favour of both these theories , but there is a certain consensus in favour of the lateralisation of emotional processing predicted by the approach - withdrawal hypothesis " , concludes Aznar - Casanova .
References : Torro - Alves , N. ; Aznar - Casanova , J. A. y Fukusima , S.S. " Patterns of brain asymmetry in the perception of positive and negative facial expressions " .
Laterality : Asymmetries of Body , Brain and Cognition , 14 : 256 – 272 , mayo de 2009 .
US Army chief sees Iraq , Afghanistan occupations continuing for a decade
By Bill Van Auken
29 May 2009
The chief of staff of the US Army , Gen. George Casey , said this week that the American military is preparing to continue its interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan for at least another decade .
In an invitation - only interview Tuesday with selected reporters and think tank representatives , Casey said that the protracted US occupation of the two countries was necessary in order to meet a “ sustained US commitment to fighting extremism and terrorism in the Middle East , ” the Associated Press reported .
Casey ’s remarks came amid mounting signs that the US attempts to pacify Iraq are coming unraveled , even as the Obama administration is carrying out new deployments that will double the number of troops in Afghanistan to 68,000 .
Two more US military personnel were killed this week , bringing the death toll in May to the highest level since September of last year .
The total number of US troops killed since the Bush administration launched the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 has risen to 4,302 .
Meanwhile , for Iraqis , last month was the bloodiest in over a year , with more than 500 killed in a series of suicide bombings and sectarian killings .
The latest attack claimed the lives of an American soldier and four Iraqi civilians Wednesday , when a roadside bomb was detonated as an American convoy drove through Abu Ghraib , the western district of Baghdad that was home to the US detention center where Iraqis were subjected to systematic torture and abuse .
The facility has since been turned over the Iraqi security forces to run .
The Pentagon also released the name of another member of the US military killed on Tuesday .
Navy Cmdr. Duane Wolfe , 54 , the head of the Army Corps of Engineers operations in Iraq ’s Anbar province , was killed with two other individuals when a bomb exploded under his vehicle near the city of Fallujah .
Meanwhile , there are growing indications that one of the principal props of the so - called surge launched by the Bush administration in 2007 is beginning to crumble .
The “ Awakening Movement , ” or Sahwa , which consisted of largely Sunni militias , many drawn from former insurgents , was employed as a neighborhood security force , with members paid as much $ 300 a month by the US military .
Last fall , Washington turned over responsibility for the militias to the predominantly Shiite Iraqi government , which has largely halted payments and reneged on its pledge to employ some 20 percent of the militiamen in the security forces and other government agencies .
Moreover , Awakening Movement leaders have been targeted for arrest , and there have been clashes between their members and the security forces .
On Thursday , the Iraqi army arrested another leader of one of the militia groups at his home in Baquba , northeast of Baghdad .
“ The Americans made the Sahwa militias to fight Al Qaeda , then they abandoned them , ” another Awakening leader , Sheik Ali Hatem Sulaiman , told USA Today .
“ The heads of Sahwa are beginning to feel it would have been better to stay with Al Qaeda . ”
According to the AP , Casey stressed that his remarks Tuesday about US troops continuing to occupy Iraq and Afghanistan for another 10 years “ were not meant to conflict with Obama administration policies . ”
But clearly the preparations that the Army ’s top officer is discussing make a mockery of the so - called withdrawal plan put forward by the White House .
Under the timetable announced by President Obama in February , US “ combat troops ” are supposed to leave Iraq by August of next year , with all US military forces out of the country by the end of 2011 .
This hardly comes as a surprise .
Top military commanders have been hinting for months that conditions on the ground in Iraq may force a scrapping of the timetable .
Already , US commanders have made it clear that the supposed deadline of June 30 for the withdrawal of US troops from Iraqi cities is more illusory than real .
American units will continue combat operations in the northern city of Mosul , where simmering conflicts between Arabs and Kurds threaten to erupt into a new phase of civil war .
Thousands of troops will continue operating in Baghdad as well as in Diyala province north of the capital .
In other areas where troops are pulled back to bases , they will continue carrying out raids on Iraqi cities , while formally maintaining that such attacks must be approved by the Iraqi regime .
As for the second phase , the withdrawal of “ combat troops ” in August 2010 , Pentagon officials have indicated that they will merely reclassify units currently listed as combat troops , calling them support or training units in order to maintain a substantial occupation force within the country .
Meanwhile , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , called into question the 2011 final withdrawal deadline during an interview on the ABC News program “ This Week ” last Sunday .
“ We ’ll have to see , ” said Mullen .
“ The next 12 to 18 months are really critical in that regard . ”
Mullen went on to stress that Washington was forging a “ long - term relationship ” with Iraq and that “ part of that is the possibility that forces could remain there longer — that ’s up to the Iraqi people and the Iraqi government . ”
The withdrawal dates are written into the status of forces agreement signed by Washington and Baghdad .
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki has repeatedly insisted that these deadlines will be enforced .
This is believed to be largely for public consumption in Iraq , however , where the population is overwhelmingly opposed to the US occupation .
Behind the scenes , US and Iraqi officials are agreeing to override the timetable and keep American forces in place .
Jane Arraf of the Christian Science Monitor reported last week that , as part of the attempt to maintain the fiction that the deadline for withdrawing from Iraqi cities is being observed , US occupation commanders and the Iraqi regime agreed to re-draw the map of Baghdad .
It declared that Base Falcon in the Rasheed district of Baghdad was outside the city limits so that 3,000 US troops deployed there can continue patrolling the tense southern part of the capital .
While openly declaring that his “ reality scenario ” is “ 10 Army and Marine units ” — more than 50,000 troops — ” deployed for a decade in Iraq and Afghanistan , ” Casey expressed concern that the military would not be able “ to draw down in Iraq close to the schedule we have set . ”
“ It would be very difficult to sustain the current levels of commitment here for very much longer , ” the general said , referring to the 139,000 American soldiers and Marines now deployed in Iraq .
With the Obama administration escalating the war in Afghanistan — Casey warned that “ there ’s going to be a big fight in the south ” — and extending the intervention into Pakistan , the strain on the US military has never been greater .
The Army chief said that with the buildup in Afghanistan , the military now has 10,000 more troops deployed in the two wars than it did under the Bush administration .
An attempt to continue deployments at current levels , with back - to - back troop deployments , he warned would “ bring the Army to its knees . ”
Among the starkest indications of the immense toll that nearly eight years of war and occupation in Afghanistan and more than six in Iraq are taking on the US military is a record suicide rate in the Army — more than double what it was in 2004 — and the growing incidence of mental problems , with more than 13,000 cases of post - traumatic stress disorder being diagnosed by Army doctors last year .
( See “ US : Army base ordered on stand - down after multiple suicides ” )
In remarks delivered earlier this month , Casey pointed to the same stress upon the military , stating that there was a “ thin red line , ” which , if it were crossed , would “ break ” the Army .
“ You can fix this two ways , ” he said , “ increase the forces , or decrease the need . ”
It is evident that the need for cannon fodder will not decrease as Washington escalates its military interventions .
Increasing the forces in a substantial way calls into question the viability of the “ volunteer ” military and raises the prospects of the reinstitution of military conscription .
What is perhaps most remarkable about Casey ’s matter - of - fact declaration that the US will be waging colonial - style warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan for at least another 10 years — and , as he indicated , carrying out new wars elsewhere on the planet — is its failure to arouse any serious coverage in the “ mainstream ” media , much less any hint of protest from within the political establishment .
While Barack Obama owes his election to the presidency in large part to the deep - going antiwar sentiments in the American population , the move by his administration to escalate US militarism and increase the number of American troops sent into battle enjoys the support of America ’s ruling elite and both of its major parties .
The consensus behind the continuation and escalation of the US wars of aggression found unmistakable expression in the approval by an overwhelming 86 - 3 vote in the US Senate of more than $ 91 billion to continue funding the two wars through September .
The absence of opposition raises the obvious question of why there was at least the pretense of dissent from the Bush administration ’s war policy within the Democratic Party .
Clearly , it was not a matter of opposition to wars of aggression or imperialist foreign policy .
The Democrats no less than the Republicans remain committed to achieving the original aims of the two wars : countering American capitalism ’s economic decline by using military means to assert US hegemony over geo-strategically vital , oil - rich regions of the planet
What differences that existed were largely a matter of tactics , not strategy ; style and not substance .
While the ruling establishment uses the Obama administration to create an air of political consensus for American militarism within official Washington , the hostility to these wars is only deepening among broad masses of working people .
More and more , this opposition will come together with struggles against the escalating attacks on jobs and living standards , creating the conditions for social and political explosions in the US itself .
Posted by Bench Craft Company in advertising , golf , Golf course .
Leave a Comment
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
May 6th , 2013
CANADIAN GOLF COURSES OVERWHELMINGLY
CHOOSE BENCH CRAFT COMPANY
After more than 33 years of positive growth in the United States Bench Craft Company is seeing tremendous success to the North .
Canadian customers are now able to receive Bench Craft ’s high - quality , custom designed products under the international affiliate Fairway Media .
Canadian golf courses are choosing to take advantage of Fairway Media ’s custom designed to give their clients the best experience possible .
More than 300 golf courses in Canada now receive Fairway Media ’s scorecards & course guides .
Owner Charley Cobb is overwhelmed by the success of the expansion , “ Canadians know a quality product when they see it .
I was confident that once courses and their clients had our product in their hands , it would be a win-win . ”
In the US , the Bench Craft production team creates benches , tee signs , display boards , scorecards and course guides from scratch .
All of Bench Craft ’s products are provided to golf courses free of charge .
Powerful Psychology
This blog is all about translating REAL psychology research into information you can USE .
With the abundance of utter fantasy ( pop psychology ) and unreadable info ( most psychology papers ) , there is precious little discussion of real research in a way that 's accessible to us ( the general public ) .
This is my way of changing that .
The World Bank said the global recession this year will be Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœdeeperÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ than it predicted in March .
Despite all the negativity , global unemployment rising , consumers spending less and no sign that Cbanks want to change monetary policies anytime soon continues to have investors favor selling the greenback and owning the equity markets .
The squeeze is on !
The flight to quality is beginning .
Uncertainty and CPR will give the dollar new life .
Is it sustainable ?
The US $ is stronger in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 13 of the 16 most actively traded currencies in a Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœwhippyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
Trading on Friday was like watching paint dry , North American markets had given up before they started .
This week is once again dominated by US funding and the FOMC .
The FOMC is expected to be uneventful .
A portion of the market anticipates policy makers to make some announcement about the length of time that rates will remain low while other believe that they may mention something about an Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœexit strategy Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
Either way it intends to be a non-event .
Political uncertainty in Iran and comments in Europe over interest rates has pressurized the EUR as investors strap on Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœrisk aversionÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trades in the O/N session .
The USD $ currently is stronger against the EUR - 0.48 % , GBP - 0.43 % , CHF - 0.49 % and lower against JPY + 0.12 % .
The commodity currencies are weaker this morning , CAD - 0.34 % and AUD - 0.95 % .
On Friday , Canadian retail sales unexpectedly declined in April ( - 0.8 % , 1st - time in 4 - months ) , all on the back of higher job losses convincing consumers to curtail their spending .
This is further evidence that another G8 country is feeling the pressure in the 2nd Q. BOC governor Carney said that Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœCanadian households are facing rising stresses because of increases in unemploymentÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
This is a global theme and with the World Bank revising global growth forecasts it seems that investors may have got ahead of the curve in their enthusiasm to own commodity related currencies .
With commodities and equities under pressure and risk aversion the dominant trading strategy , expect the loonie to remain under pressure in the short term .
On USD pull backs dealers will want to sell the CAD .
Politics and economics are weighing on the higher yielding currencies .
The Iranian political situation worsening has seen a flight to Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœqualityÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ and investors shying away from commodity currencies this morning .
The over exuberance of late , in the belief that Cbanks would be hiking rates sooner rather than later to combat inflation had favored being long yield currencies .
However , speculation that the global economyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s recovery from recession will be Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœshallowÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ has pressurized the AUD in the O/N session ( 0.7980 ) .
Crude is lower in the O/N session ( $ 69.15 down - 40 c ) .
Oil remains under pressure mostly on the back of the last weekÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s EIA report .
The report showed a bigger - than - expected gain in supplies of motor fuel .
Gas inventories climbed +3.39 m barrels to +205 m , w/w ( the biggest increase in 6 - months ) .
The increase was more than 6 - times bigger than analysts had predicted , all in time for the holiday driving season in the US !
On the flip side , crude oil stocks declined - 3.87 m barrels to +357.7 m , double expectations .
A bearish report for commodity prices , despite the fall in crude , over the next couple of months expect the market to focus on the driving season that ends on US Labor Day .
Global concerns on the longevity of this recession continue to weigh on energy demand and by default prices .
This market is all about the negative correlation of commodities and the USDÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s movements .
With the greenback advancing in O/N action has reduced demand for the Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ as an alternative investment for a hedging strategy this morning ( $ 933 ) .
The Nikkei closed 9,826 up +40 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 4,795 down - 44 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 4,315 down - 30 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is lower .
The 10 - year TreasuryÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s eased 4 bp on Friday ( 3.77 % ) and are little changed in the O/N session .
Surprising US data last week suggests that some relief is near in this recession coupled with the US governmentÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s announcement of $ 104 b
Treasury auctions this week should weigh on prices , expect dealers to cheapen up the curve despite equity markets remaining under pressure .
The Treasury will auction $ 40 b - 2 , $ 37 b - 5 and $ 27b-7Ã¢â‚¬â„¢s .
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
David Gregory sure learned his Villager lessons well .
Want a big Scoop ?
Just sell out the integrity of your platform ( In this case Meet the Press ) that the American people depend on for access .
BarbinMD at KOS explains :
When the stories about South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford 's love of hiking and the ensuing revelations about line crossing and soul mates were first revealed , I think it 's safe to say that most people never saw it coming .
But what has n't been a surprise is the resulting confirmation of how many in the media are willing to sell their journalistic souls for political access .
And leading that list has to be David Gregory , who went out of his way to continue the proud tradition of Meet the Press kissing the ass of shamed elected officials .
From his emails to Sanford 's office , where he begs for an interview :
Left you a message .
Wanted you to hear directly from me that I want to have the Gov on Sunday on Meet The Press .
I think it 's exactly the right forum to answer the questions about his trip as well as giving him a platform to discuss the economy / stimulus and the future of the party .
You know he will get a fair shake from me and coming on MTP puts all of this to rest .
...
So coming on Meet The Press allows you to frame the conversation how you really want to ... and then move on .
You can see ( sic ) you have done your interview and then move on .
Consider it .
In the middle of the breaking scandal , Gregory not only offered to let Sanford guide the story , he was willing to give him a platform to change the subject .
And then Gregory would " move on . "
Ideas :
What are you producing now ?
Carpenter :
We just harvested .
We did a big dinner at [ Berkeley restaurant ] Eccolo .
We opened up a prosciutto we had made that was hanging for 18 months .
I brought really delicious chicory , carrots , tons of lettuce ; there were a few fava beans left .
We ’re gearing out of spring and into summer .
Ideas :
It brings you into a different relationship with your neighborhood , for example .
Carpenter :
If I had n’t done the farm , I would n’t have ventured out much .
There ’s a lot of fear in rough places where there are drug dealers and stuff .
But it ’s not so cut and dry .
A lot of drug dealers are actually really nice people .
I learned lessons - yeah , this person does something that ’s illegal but is not a horrible person .
That was good to know .
Ideas :
What is the appeal of urban farming over rural ?
Carpenter :
You get to do these things that are very city - like - go to shows , go to bars , live close to friends .
In the country , that does n’t happen .
You have to drive everywhere .
I feel there ’s isolation in the country .
Urban homesteading is a great combination .
In marine biology , there are intertidal zones .
There ’s the ocean and the shore , and then there ’s that region in between that is the most diverse and bounding with life and energy .
When you have a rural process going on in the city , it opens up all these different things to happen .
Urban farming is becoming a movement , Carpenter says , particularly among young people who want a connection with their food but do n’t relate to the ideas of the previous generation .
“ The elitism of the slow food movement makes people who are younger want to barf , ” Carpenter says .
“ Alice Waters does n’t speak for us . ”
The author of the new book “ Farm City : The Education of an Urban Farmer ” ( Penguin ) , Carpenter grew up in rural Idaho , the child of hippie homesteaders .
As an adult , she yearned for the sense of community she felt there , but not for the isolation .
Then she moved to inner-city Oakland , Calif. , and a bridge between the two lifestyles presented itself : a vacant lot .
Soon she was growing her own vegetables and raising bees , chickens , pigs , and rabbits , befriending homeless people and drug dealers and nearly getting mugged by neighborhood teens .
“ It ’s natural to me to be farming in the city , pulling up carrots as BART goes by , ” she says .
“ It ’s like a little joke . ”
It ’s a tug many of us feel :
We love the city , with its culture , nightlife , and buzz .
But we crave the peace of the country , where we can dig and plant and feel connected to nature .
We ca n’t have them both , so we choose .
Ideas :
How was the prosciutto ?
Carpenter : Oh my God .
All these fancy food people told me it ’s the best prosciutto they ever had , as good as prosciutto from Parma .
It proves you can make really good pork off of dumpster scraps .
Ideas :
It seems the phrase “ the best ” comes up a lot when you ’re talking about the food you produce .
Carpenter :
If you go to Spain and talk to people about garlic , they say it ’s the best garlic in the world .
In France they say the same thing .
You have ownership of it , you ’re proud of it , it ’s your baby and the best thing you ever had .
{hellip}
But I ’ve grown stuff that ’s not the best I ’ve ever tasted .
I grew a turkey last Thanksgiving that was totally disappointing .
Ideas :
How does slaughtering your own animals affect your attitude toward eating meat ?
Carpenter :
It ’s important to realize that something dies when we eat it , and to cop to it .
If you ’re not OK with it , you should n’t eat it .
If you see an animal die , then you know the price of meat and you know it should n’t be cheap .
You should n’t waste it .
You should n’t just eat meat all the time .
It ’s not sustainable , it ’s not healthy , it ’s bad for animals .
It ’s good to have meat as more of a ceremonial meal .
Ideas :
Is urban farming starting to catch on in a larger way ?
Carpenter : Yes .
Some of it has to do with recession .
The new mayor of Detroit is starting to commission gardens in the same vein .
It ’s happening all over the country .
There are abandoned lots and people willing to do urban farming , especially young people .
Ideas :
Does the appeal go beyond simply eating good produce ?
Carpenter : A big aspect of it is the social justice thing .
It ’s messed up that people in poor neighborhoods do n’t have access to healthy produce .
There are all these food deserts in run -down parts of town .
You look at an empty lot in a neighborhood like mine and it seems so wasteful .
Ideas :
Why all the interest now ?
Carpenter : People are looking for realness .
Especially with digital stuff , iPhones , you ’re on the computer a lot . . .
It ’s so great to have the chance to use your body and dig and sweat and harvest .
Those are verbs we do n’t get to use very often .
Ideas :
Do you think this interest in farming is here to stay ?
Carpenter : I was at an event with [ “ Omnivore ’s Dilemma ” author ]
Michael Pollan , and so many people were like , “ I have chickens and I want to get bees . ”
It ’s trendy right now , but that ’s not always going to be the case .
People are feeling a little disconnected from the natural world and food in general .
I ’m worried people are going to be like , “ Been there , done that ” and wo n’t get anything out of it .
It was the same with the back - to - the - land movement .
It was kind of a disaster because most people did n’t know what they were doing .
They were like , “ Farming sucks . ” I ’m cautious about it .
I ’m not saying , “ Go get some goats ! ” I ’m saying , “ Do you know how much work it is to have goats ? ”
There are pitfalls and pleasures .
Ideas :
What about you personally ?
Why are you an urban farmer ?
Carpenter : I do n’t have so much of an agenda , the environment or even social justice .
I was never like , “ I ’m saving the world by growing lettuce . ”
That ’s [ baloney ] .
The world is messed up and we have to do what we want to do .
For me , it ’s having a farm in the city without having to deal with hicks and no action at night .
Why not ?
It ’s really fun .
Devra First reports on food for the Globe. E-mail dfirst@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
No Deposit Casino
How would you like to play casino games for free by trying out some of the best online casinos ?
Since there is no risk to join the no deposit casinos you will have nothing to lose just a chance to win .
It is easy to sign up at the casinos and get started playing hundreds of casino games with real wagering going on .
You will not have to worry about money of your own being lost so it can be carefree gambling .
Casino Bonus Listing
Most people that are new to gambling find it an appealing offer since they are wondering if casinos really do payout .
They have heard it is possible to win online but most really just do not figure it will happen .
So by playing in the no deposit casino sites they can really understand that it is basically the same as a regular casino , just you do not have to leave to go there .
Most of those that have played online prior do find the larger casino bonuses a better option but now and then they do like to play for free .
So now that you are interested in getting familiar with gambling online you may want to find out more about no deposit casinos so that you can understand how the games payout and what you may expect when you go to cash in your winnings .
You will need to review some rules the casinos have regarding limitations on withdraws and what games are restricted .
There is other rules the online casinos have which is a standard across all of them and you can only create one account any more than that will get you banned at multiple places .
No Deposit Casinos and Bonus Guide
So now on to the good stuff .
Picking a casino to play at and since there is a few choices let ’s explain a bit .
Some of the casinos are going to give you spins which is preferred by lots of players .
Other casinos will give cash or free play bonus which is similar to getting cash money except it is larger amounts and you have a time limit on trying to win .
When the clock runs out your done .
The Reality of Casinos Online No Deposit Revealed
Above all advertisements and reviews about online casinos that require no deposits , many individuals are still having hesitations .
For them , it is unbelievable that a person can enjoy and grab the chance of playing online casino games without having to spend or deposit a certain amount of money .
More and more individuals today can prove the reality of no deposit online casinos
At first , they also have the same hesitations ; but as they start playing and take home huge prizes all hesitations were changed into satisfactions .
Online casinos guarantee that all of their casino games will never let any online casino gamer be overcome by boredom .
Many individuals know what the effect to them is if they get bored on a certain thing .
Casinos online no deposit really made it sure , that before they release their games , all casino players will love it .
One negative feedback to a particular online casino game can be viral , and in worst cases , can be lethal for the whole existence of their online casino website .
The spread of negative impressions is much faster than the spread of a site ’s popularity .
One illegal act can be read and heard by the whole world but only a few can catch the grants and benefits given by legitimate no deposit casino sites .
That explains why a lot of businesses today file for bankruptcy as they failed to maintain a lasting impression and credibility to many potential customers both online and offline .
It is never new today that many individuals became millionaires just by playing casino games and hit the jackpot .
Furthermore , it has been found that online casino players forget any hesitation they have on their system .
Casinos with no deposit bonus never failed to impress millions of online casino players all over the world .
If you have a neighbor or a friend that love to play online casinos that require no deposits , you can have an occasional chat discussing how you can benefit from online casino gaming .
No deposit casinos are the ones who will assist their new players to become efficient and take home huge pots in playing superb casino games .
Feel free to try even a single casino game featured by casinos with no deposit .
From then forward , you will start loving it not because you save huge amounts of cash but because of satisfaction and fun given to you by online casinos .
Let the internet teach you and expand your finances and pave your way to a brighter future .
A campaign to roll back gay rights that kicked off in Washington state over the weekend has split the Christian conservative community , with some wondering whether it is the right time for a fight and others arguing that time may be running out .
On the heels of the recent California Supreme Court ruling that upheld Proposition 8 ’s prohibition against same - sex marriage , conservative groups here began collecting signatures for a ballot referendum to block a new Washington state law that substantially expands rights for domestic partners .
The law that Democratic Gov. Chris Gregoire signed in May has been dubbed the “ everything but marriage ” bill .
When it takes effect in July , it will expand previous domestic partnership laws to include issues like adoption , child support , pensions and other public - employee benefits .
Washington ’s secretary of state approved the referendum petitions Friday and signature collections began over the weekend .
If referendum backers collect 120,577 signatures by July 25 , the law would be suspended pending a vote in November .
But some conservatives fear that public support for domestic partnership rights and a preoccupation with the economy could doom the effort -- and make it harder to battle same - sex marriage down the road .
“ My concern is , in running a referendum , you ’re not really going to win , ” said the Rev. Joe Fuiten , founder of Positive Christian Agenda .
“ All you accomplish is you divide up the community and really alienate a lot of people from the church and from the gospel . ”
Fuiten recently circulated an e-mail asking Christian conservatives to consider the downside of picking this fight when polls show that most Washingtonians favor broad equal rights for domestic partners -- although they may feel differently about gay marriage .
An October poll by the University of Washington ’s Institute for the Study of Ethnicity , Race and Sexuality showed that 21 % of those surveyed said there should be no legal recognition of gay and lesbian couples .
But 37 % supported same - sex marriage , and another 29 % said same - sex couples should have the same legal rights as heterosexuals -- adding up to a 66 % majority .
“ I think we can win on the marriage issue , but if we deplete our capital of money and goodwill in a failed referendum , we will not have the strength to win the marriage battle , ” Fuiten wrote in his e-mail .
Yet referendum backers argue that public momentum is on their side .
“ It ’s the last incremental step to gay marriage for gay activists , ” said Gary Randall , president of the Faith & Freedom Network , who is helping coordinate the signature campaign .
“ We ’re not trying to take anything from anyone .
We ’re simply trying to defend and keep marriage as it has always been throughout all of human history . ”
California , Oregon , New Jersey , New Hampshire and the District of Columbia have laws offering same - sex couples substantial partnership rights .
A handful of states , most recently New Hampshire , allow gay and lesbian couples to marry .
Larry Stickney of the Washington Values Alliance , who also backs the referendum , told Fuiten that the recession could help defeat the law because more people were turning to religion after losing their jobs .
He also predicted that passage of a federal hate crimes law this year could introduce legal roadblocks to campaigning against same - sex partnerships .
“ We may be running out of time to address this issue without fear of jail time , ” he responded to Fuiten ’s e-mail .
Supporters of the law expanding gay partnership rights are n’t taking anything for granted .
“ We ’re taking this threat very , very seriously , ” said Josh Friedes , campaign manager for Washington Families Standing Together , which has gathered support from labor unions , religious communities , immigration and civil rights groups .
He said the domestic partnership law provided barely a quarter of the rights available to regular married couples .
For example , same - sex couples would not be able to file a joint federal income tax return .
“ We ’re in this incredible economic crisis in the state of Washington , we ’re seeing unbelievable cuts to social services , and it ’s pretty shocking that during this downturn we would see organizations who are making it their priority taking away rights from families , and who are going to be forcing people to spend millions of dollars on a campaign to preserve their rights , ” Friedes said .
A “ Decline to Sign ” campaign already has garnered support from 30,000 Washington residents .
Another group , taking a chapter from tactical playbooks in California and Oregon , has started a website on which it has vowed to publicize the names of those who sign petitions in favor of the referendum to block the partnership law .
Randall , of the petition campaign , said people had already contacted him out of concern that they might be turned down for a job if their signing became public .
But , he said , “ It has also had a positive effect , in the sense that we ’ve probably received 800 to 1,000 e-mails from people who have seen the news coverage and said . . .
‘ Now I ’m going to sign it because they ’re not going to intimidate me . ’ ”
Friedes said that mainstream gay rights groups opposing the referendum had no connection to the “ who signed ” website , adding that it could harm the gay rights cause .
“ Our goal is to . . . create a civil discourse that focuses on meeting the needs of Washington families , ” he said .
“ And instead , I think what we ’re seeing is . . . a very small set of people on both sides of the issues who are yelling at each other . ”
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Posted June 21 , 2009 by brachinus in Uncategorized .
Tagged : atheism , bacon , etiquette , Sunday sermon .
2 Comments
There ’s a bumpersticker that says , “ If we ’re not supposed to eat animals , why are they made out of meat ? ”
That ’s funny , in a question - begging * sort of way , but there ’s a similar question that needs to be asked of Judeo - Christian - Muslim worldview :
If we ’re not supposed to eat pigs , why are they made out of bacon ?
Essentially , the Abrahamic religions ( Judaism , Christianity , Islam ) ask us to believe that God basically said to mankind , “ Hey guys , see this animal here ?
It ’s called a pig .
I made the top part out of baby back ribs and the shoulders out of pork that makes fantastic barbecue .
The legs are made out of ham , and just in case that was n’t enough , I made its belly out of bacon !
And guess what , humans ?
You ca n’t eat any of it !
Bwahahahaha ! ”
Even if such a deity ever did exist , I could never bring myself to worship such a sick and twisted being .
* Pet Peeve :
The phrase “ begs the question ” refers to a failure of logic in which one attempts to prove a proposition true via a proof that itself assumes the proposition as true , e.g .
“ The Bible is the infallible word of God , because there ’s a verse in the Bible that says so ” ( and yes , you can easily find Christians who will use precisely that argument ) .
The phrase “ begs the question … ” does NOT mean “ raises the question … ” or “ brings up the question … ” or “ leads logically to the question … ” and I ’m really sick of seeing it used that way — not just by the unwashed masses , but even by professional journalists who should know better .
Knock it off , already !
{ “ Receive Bacon ” pic via Pieces of Limbo )
Sometimes it 's best to just walk home .
Oh , BTW , it 's a ladies bike !?!
Matt Smith , the young actor set to take on the mantle of the 11th Doctor in Doctor Who , speaks to Razia Iqbal in Cannes about Whomania and how he makes a mean spaghetti bolognese .
Protesters swarmed Tehran ’s main cemetery and fanned out across a large swath of the capital Thursday , defying truncheons and tear gas to publicly mourn those killed during weeks of unrest , including a young woman whose death shocked people around the world .
The protests marked the 40th day since the shooting of Neda Agha - Soltan was captured on video and posted on the Internet .
For Shiite Muslims , the 40th day has religious importance , often an occasion for an outpouring of emotion and grief .
Thirty years ago , such commemorations helped build momentum for the Islamic Revolution , which overthrew the shah .
The resilience of the thousands of protesters this time set the stage for more clashes next week , when hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to be inaugurated for a second term despite allegations that he won only because of widespread fraud in the June 12 election .
The scale and reach of Thursday ’s protests , which also erupted in at least four other cities , appeared to catch security forces off guard .
After initially bloodying some of the mourners arriving at Behesht Zahra cemetery , many of them young women dressed in black and carrying roses , officers stepped back .
They mingled amicably with protesters , and in one case even accepted flowers from them .
Advertisement
The mourners chanted political slogans as they rode the Tehran subway from the city center to the cemetery and back .
When they returned to the center , they took to the streets , first in the area of the Grand Mosala Mosque , where they had been banned from gathering .
Later , on side streets and main thoroughfares , they were occasionally attacked by baton - wielding security personnel , some on motorcycles .
But they were also cheered on by thousands of well - wishers honking car horns ferociously or hanging out the windows of apartments and buses .
They clogged roadways and tunnels , holding up signs in support of opposition leader Mir-Hossein Mousavi .
Shopkeepers handed out bottles of water to sustain the demonstrators in the heat .
“ Honorable Iranians , ” the protesters chanted .
“ Today is a day of mourning . ”
Advertisement
And in a challenge to a harsh crackdown on the news media , they recorded everything and quickly flooded the Internet with amateur videos of the day ’s events in the capital as well as the provincial cities of Esfahan , Shiraz , Ahvaz and Rasht .
“ Death to the dictator , ” chanted those in one long procession heading toward Agha - Soltan ’s grave , kicking up a storm of dust as they walked .
“ Neda is not dead .
This government is dead . ”
As night fell , witnesses reported intense confrontations between demonstrators and security forces in north - central Tehran .
Trash bonfires that had been created to counter the effects of tear gas belched black smoke into the sky .
Residents nearby hurriedly took injured protesters into their homes to protect them from roaming bands of Basiji militiamen .
Iranian officials say 30 people have died in unrest since the election .
But human rights monitors and independent observers say the number killed in the protests and subsequent crackdown is at least twice that in the capital alone .
Advertisement
On Wednesday , the Paris - based monitoring group Reporters Without Borders urged authorities to explain the death of journalist Alireza Eftekhari on June 15 .
His body was handed over to relatives on July 13 .
A news release said Eftekhari died from a severe beating .
Authorities have tried to quell the unrest using the coercive instruments of the state , angering even some of Ahmadinejad ’s conservative allies .
On Wednesday , the Tehran prosecutor ’s office announced the latest in a series of arrests of prominent political figures : Saeed Shariati , a member of the central committee of the Islamic Iran Participation Front , the nation ’s primary reformist grouping .
Authorities also said they would place the first group of protesters on trial .
According to a statement by the prosecutor ’s office , they will be charged with offenses that include having ties to terrorist organizations , invading and setting fires at military bases , destroying public property , looting , and preparing and dispatching news reports for “ enemies ” of the Islamic Republic .
Advertisement
Still , under massive domestic and international pressure , officials also have acknowledged wrongdoing by authorities .
Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei this week ordered the Kahrizak detention center south of Tehran closed because its facilities were “ substandard . ”
Iran ’s police chief , Gen. Ismail Ahmadi Moghaddam , said some officers “ went to extremes ” during the protests .
Two prominent jailed reformist politicians , Behzad Nabavi and Mostafa Tajzadeh , were allowed to phone their families from prison for the first time since they were arrested June 13 .
And authorities moved Saeed Hajjarian , who was critically wounded in a 2000 assassination attempt , from prison to a detention house with medical facilities , the Mehr news agency reported .
Advertisement
But such steps may not be enough to appease an emboldened opposition , which is supported by a grass - roots political movement unlike any the Islamic Republic has experienced .
Former President Mohammad Khatami , speaking to a group of reformist lawmakers , called for an investigation into allegations of torture and murder .
“ Crimes have been committed .
Lives have been lost and immoral treatments have been meted out to our dear youths , women and men , ” he said .
“ With the supreme leader ’s order of closure [ of Kahrizak ] , a fresh opportunity has come up to launch an inquiry into the tragedy and punish the perpetrators . ”
Among the demonstrators , spirits seemed to be rising .
Advertisement
“ We cannot foresee any reconciliation between the two camps , ” said Reza , a 25 - year - old at the cemetery who did not want his last name used .
“ So we go for collapse of the entire system in the long term . ”
Hamid , a 24 - year - old engineering school graduate from what he described as a wealthy family , said he ’d given up his previously luxurious lifestyle to devote himself to undermining the government .
“ A general strike wo n’t work now , ” he said .
“ These demonstrations are better than strikes because with a smaller number of people we . . . make them fear for tomorrow . ”
Parisa , a 22 - year - old college student , said she had already been in so much trouble with the authorities and her college that there was no turning back .
Advertisement
“ Whether I come to the demonstrations or not , the authorities will be keeping an eye on me forever , ” she said .
Mousavi and his wife , Zahra Rahnavard , tried to attend the mourning ceremony but were prevented by security forces , who in some cases appeared divided over whether to beat the demonstrators or guide them toward Agha - Soltan ’s grave .
An amateur video showed mourners surrounding police officers lounging on an official vehicle , chatting amicably .
One witness estimated that 10,000 people flooded into the cemetery .
Another , 30 - year - old Koroush , said from a bridge that he could see thousands more were outside the grounds , unable to get in .
One person who was n’t there was Agha - Soltan ’s mother , Hajer Rostam Motlagh .
Advertisement
Many of the parents of those who have died have been warned not to publicly mourn , but she had vowed that she would attend the gathering .
Motlagh instead went to a park near her home .
A photograph showed her sitting cross-legged on grass before a single candle .
In an interview with BBC Persian this week , she said she did n’t want people to forget her daughter , a former student of Islamic philosophy who had cultivated a passion for music and travel .
And she said she had a message for the world .
“ I want you , on my behalf , to thank everyone around the world , Iranians and non-Iranians , people from every country and culture , people who in their own way , their own tradition , have mourned my child , ” she told the interviewer .
“ Everyone who lit a candle for her , every musician who wrote songs for her , who wrote poems about her , I want to thank all of them . ”
--
Advertisement
daragahi@latimes.com
Mostaghim is a special correspondent .
It seems like a lifetime ago that I walked away from corporate cubicle consulting , grabbing for the lifeline of a mediocre PHP project that paid too little and demanded too much .
I had endured the corporate world ’s oppressive mediocrity , the shocking incompetence that Dilbert can only begin to relay credibly — one place even had a No Dilbert Cartoons policy , which should have been a clue to them — and it was finally all just too much .
Or maybe it was the diabetes .
On my last traditional gig , I would find myself overheated and agitated in the mornings , and then would crash into overwhelming depression if I failed to get to lunch by 1 pm .
Then the pressing need to nap at about 4 pm , which , of course , I could n’t .
True , the requirements for that last project were hopelessly vague , not even well - defined enough to find some specific tasks in which to lose myself , but there was certainly a powerful physiological reason for my impatience , though I would not be diagnosed until almost a year later .
But , we hairless monkeys , our brain so helpfully attaches reasons to emotions for us , even if the emotion itself is the product of crashing blood sugar , and the reasons may possess only a passing resemblance to reality , whatever that is .
Curse our foolish certainty .
So , it is hard to know where the inanity of the pursuit began , and where the illness that would drive me to the brink of a coma before I realized what it was ended .
But , off I went into the vagaries of the life of the independent computer programmer .
Let me tell you what has gone well , and where I have found the gremlins dwell , for those that would follow a similar path .
The idea of computer programmers that permeates popular culture has some basis , as many stereotypes do , in fact .
There are nerdish , socially inept , moody , prima donnas to be found among us .
Hell , I have had those moments myself .
And , there are people who , even worse in my opinion , learn one way of doing things and then fight and kick for the rest of their careers not to do things differently .
They see one vendor , or one tool , as the only true path , and cling to it with religious fervor .
They usually do n’t like me .
But among those souls who populate the workforce that are producing the new wave of websites and online tools — the Twitters , the Facebooks , the specialized social networking sites — is an amazing core of creative people .
Every time I have had to reach out into the larger community , whether to market my services ( the current source of my introspection — that ’s mike.pence@gmail.com , btw ) , or to speak at a software conference , I have come away with an impression of the software developer as renaissance man .
These guys are as likely to pick up a guitar as a Macbook , and while their facial hair and sandal - rich wardrobe may be highly suspect — present company included — their determination and drive , and their willingess to take on new ideas and technologies , never fail to impress me , and to make me count myself as lucky just to be among them .
I could name names , but you know who you are .
So I have not regretted pushing the limits of my own knowledge , embracing the joys of learning and becoming proficient in new tools , like Ruby , and Ruby on Rails .
It has been an absolute joy to work with like - minded developers , many of whom also work independently .
That part has been great .
What I have learned most from these guys is that test - first development really works , and how to build a project from the stuff of raw thought , to a fully - realized web site that comes alive in the browser .
That , I have had the joy of doing repeatedly these last few years , and , P.S. , you should hire me to do that for you .
It is not quite on par with swinging a 20 - ounce Estwing hammer all day long , and turning around , with a beer in your hand at the end of the day , to see the brand new first floor of someone ’s house .
I can tell you that .
But it pays the bills a hell of a lot better , and sunburn and back strain tend not to be an issue , and the spirit of the builder lives in both .
But it has not been all hookers and blow , so to speak .
For one thing , home makes for a lousy office .
Of course , I love being around my family as much as I can , but pressing deadlines and the sheer volume of work have often made me have to be around my family with my game face constantly on .
Work is hard to put aside when it is only as far away as the laptop in the corner .
Even when I have mandated time off for myself — my secular sabbath Saturdays , as I call them — leaving work behind mentally is another thing altogether , when it is not something you can drive away from .
You may even find yourself blogging about work on a Sunday afternoon .
Then there is the value of face time .
When you share a too - small cubicle farm with your too - talkative workmates — good luck writing good software under those conditions , even with headphones — and you share a men ’s room with the same 40 people for month after month , well …
Let ’s just say that you come to know more about people than their poor taste in clothes .
Much more than you would prefer to know .
So it is hard to see the value of talking face to face with those people when screaming and running for the woods may be your most pressing inclination .
But the fact is that face time is valuable , that visual cues and body language tend to say a lot more than what we can give voice to .
Also , being the invisible team member who is a thousand miles away can be quite a challenge .
When you are there , physically in the workspace , your very presence speaks volumes .
The asses - in - chairs model of working together has a long and storied history , wherein just showing up is half the battle .
As a remote worker , your work output , code check - ins to the version control system in this case , is what speaks most for you , and that means you must work much harder to have an acceptable level of visibility .
Whether you got there on time , and whether you ironed your khakis is not the issue , nor is whether you have pants on at all .
I do n’t , and , thanks for asking .
Customers also make tough bosses .
They can be fickle , and even under the best of circumstances , two people can think that they have a shared vision of how something should work , and still be miles apart .
Language alone is a fragile vessel for conveying thoughts .
Add in being remote , and you find that an awful lot of your time is spent communicating what you intend to do , what you are currently doing , and what you have done .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
On balance , I am glad I left my smelly , sometimes - ironed - khaki - donning former associates to fulminate and chat endlessly with their wives in their cubes .
For sure , I loved many of those guys and was mostly indifferent to the rest .
Maybe that is a world I may step back into one day , but if I do , I know I will have an increased appreciation for answering directly to the needs of the client .
For focusing on the work , as opposed to the social environment .
For now , it is time for me to hang out that shingle again , and keep flying solo — alone , in a sense , but in community online amongst some of the best people that I have ever had the privilege of working with .
I will see you out there .
A bright flash in the dark may now be a thing of the past .
( Image : James Curley / Rex Features )
Infrared and ultraviolet light is used to take the initial image , but the hues look unnatural .
So accurate colours are added via a second brief exposure taken with ambient light ( Image : Dilip Krishnan and Rob Fergus )
A camera that takes photos with an invisible flash of infrared and ultraviolet light points to a smarter way to take photos in the dark .
Advertisement
Dilip Krishnan and Rob Fergus at New York University created the camera in an attempt to do away with intrusive regular flashes .
To make their “ dark flash ” camera , they modified a flashbulb to emit light over a wider range of frequencies and filter out visible light .
The pair also had to remove the filters that usually prevent a camera ’s silicon image sensor detecting IR and UV rays .
See an image gallery explaining the dark flash system
Twin exposures
Although the dark flash gives a crisp image without disturbing those in the picture , the results have an odd colour balance that looks like a view through a night - vision scope .
To give the pictures more normal hues , Krishnan and Fergus used colour information from a brief , flash - free photograph of the same scene taken quickly after the dark flash image .
The second image is dim and blurry , and so it lacks some of the fine detail of its dark flash twin .
However , the researchers use software to combine the sharp detail from the first image with the natural colours from the second image , resulting in a remarkably natural end result .
See an image gallery demonstrating the dark flash system
Blind spots
Despite the impressive results , a few problems remain .
Some materials or objects absorb both UV and IR light and so do n’t appear in the dark flash image or the reconstruction .
For instance , the subject ’s freckles are visible in the long - exposure image , but not in the computer - reconstructed image .
Amit Agrawal at Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs in Cambridge , Massachusetts , says that computer scientists have already found many uses for this type of flash / ambient light twin photography .
In 2005 his team showed thatcombining ambient and flashlight images can remove unwanted reflections from images , and more advanced tricks using the technique include making instant 3D models .
Krishnan and Fergus will present their work at the Siggraph conference in New Orleans in August .
The Recording Industry Association of America , or RIAA , is infamous ( or , depending on how you look at it , famous ) for its prosecution of regular folk for downloading and ripping music onto personal computers .
However , now it seems that the organization is willing to admit that their most notorious form of copy protection , DRM , is dead .
DRM , or Digital Rights Management , has been used for years to protect legitimate artists from piracy .
For a long time , a band and its record company could use DRM technology to prevent the end user from passing an album or a song from computer to computer .
The idea was that it kept people from buying one CD and passing it off to a thousand others , but it angered many music fans who felt that such distribution was their right .
RIAA Changes its Tune
Most retailers , including Apple and its iTunes , now agree .
iTunes no longer uses DRM technology to limit the number of computers allowed to use an artist 's material , despite a statement from RIAA chairman and CEO Mitch Bainwol two years ago claiming that " DRM serves all sorts of pro-consumer purposes . "
( Source : dailytech.com )
Up until recently it appeared the RIAA held out hope for a resurgence in DRM , possibly betting that the music industry would rein in retailers like Apple .
In addition , Microsoft 's impending release of Windows 7 , which it will seek to protect against piracy at any cost , is sure to put the issue of DRM back on the radar .
For now , it seems the RIAA is willing to admit defeat .
During a recent interview on the subject , chief spokesperson for the RIAA Jonathan Lamy remarked , " DRM is dead , is n't it ? "
Lamy was heard to add that efforts to protect artists in the future would be free from DRM .
( Source : tgdaily.com )
Is DRM Really Over ?
Let 's not write off DRM just yet , but it 's clear from the fallout of that Jammie Thomas - Rasset debacle -- where a single mom was bombarded with $ 1.92 M fines for downloading a dozen or so tunes -- that Digital Rights Management is too intrusive for a public comfortable with deciding for itself as to how it will acquire music .
Canker sores are painful ulcers that erupt inside the mouth on the gums , cheeks , tongue or lips .
Stress , fatigue and food allergies may increase the likelihood of canker sores in some individuals .
An injury to the inside of the mouth from a stray toothbrush bristle or a burn from hot liquid or food can also instigate a canker sore .
Certain foods often trigger canker sores , such as citrus fruit , vinegar , chocolate and tomatoes .
Salt is a natural disinfectant that kills germs and bacteria and promotes fast healing of canker sores .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The sculpture is made from mammoth ivory
A remarkable ivory carving is arguably the oldest sculpture of a human figure yet found , scientists say .
The distorted object , which portrays a woman with huge breasts , big buttocks and exaggerated genitals , is thought to be at least 35,000 years old .
The 6 cm - tall figurine , reported in the journal Nature , is the latest find to come from Hohle Fels Cave in Germany .
Previous discoveries have included exquisite carvings of animals , and an object that could be a stone " sex toy " .
Professor Nicholas Conard , from the department of Early Prehistory and Quaternary Ecology , at Tübingen University , said is was understandable that many would also view the new discovery in a pornographic light , but he cautioned against jumping too quickly to a particular interpretation .
" We project our ideas of today on to this image from 40,000 years ago , " he told the BBC .
" I think there are good reasons to emphasise sexual interpretations , but we really do n't know whether it is coming from a more male or a more female perspective .
We do n't know very much about how the artefact was used . "
Finger detail The Venus of Hohle Fels was found in six fragments in September 2008 .
It is still missing its left arm and shoulder , but researchers are hopeful these will emerge in future excavations of the cave 's sediments .
The figurine does not have a head .
Rather , it has a carefully carved ring located off - centre above its broad shoulders .
The polished nature of the ring suggests the Venus was probably suspended as a pendant .
The hands have precisely carved fingers , with five digits clearly visible on the left hand and four on the right hand .
The pronounced breasts , buttocks and genitals familiar in later Venuses are usually interpreted to be expressions of fertility .
The Venus shows no signs of having been covered with pigments .
It is , though , marked by a series of cut lines .
The artefact is presumed to have been made by modern humans ( Homo sapiens ) even though Neanderthals ( Homo neanderthalensis ) were still present in Europe at this time .
" We find all kinds of things in our caves - musical instruments , all kinds of ornaments , mythical representations of lion - men , not to mention all the different stone tools , bone tools , ivory tools , [ and ] antler tools .
But we have no human bones that really tell us one way or the other who made these artefacts .
I assume they were made by modern humans , " said Professor Conard .
The figurine is presumed to have been made by modern humans
The Hohle Fels object is of an age where radiocarbon dating techniques become somewhat uncertain .
Scientists say , however , that it is unquestionably older than previous finds associated with , for example , European Gravettian culture .
These typically date from between 22,000 and 27,000 years ago , with the most famous item probably being the Venus of Willendorf which was discovered in 1908 .
Professor Conard has described many of the extraordinary finds at Hohle Fels .
He says the Venus is perhaps the earliest example of figurative art worldwide .
" There 's one site in northern Italy - Fumane - that has some very schematic , monochrome red depictions that are certainly figurative art , although it 's often difficult to work out what 's being depicted , " he said .
" They 're of comparable age ; we do n't have enough resolution to say which is older .
It is entirely plausible that the female figurine from Hohle Fels is the oldest figurative art anywhere . "
Claims have been made for figurines that are much older - even hundreds of thousands of years old .
The Berekhat Ram figure from Israel and the Tan - Tan figure from Morocco , for example , have been presented as the work of Homo erectus .
But many sceptical researchers believe these items , although they may have been used by more ancient species , are really accidents of nature ; they are objects that have been moulded into human form through chance geological processes .
Listen to Science in Action this week on the BBC World Service to hear more from Nicholas Conard .
This edition will be broadcast on Friday 15 May , and available on - line from 0930 GMT Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Snakes , more commonly referred to as serpents in mythology and religion , have held important positions in the dogmas of many cultures throughout history .
They feature in the art and lore of Egyptian , Native American , African , Christian , Aboriginal , Indian , Judaic , and Ancient Greek ( Fig. 1 ) and Roman civilizations .
Though serpents have an almost universal presence , their symbolic interpretations are not so uniform .
Indigenous peoples of North America and Australia include serpents in their creation myths .
Because of their ability to shed their skins , snakes have been viewed as a symbol of life force and immortality and regeneration .
The serpent goddesses of India and Ancient Egypt are both feared and revered , the latter assuming the role as both protector and destroyer of the pharaohs .
In Judaism and Christianity the serpent is seen not as a powerful mother - figure , but rather is associated with temptation and evil .
The serpentine monsters of Ancient Greek mythology , including snake - haired Medusa , are other examples of serpents seen as harmful rather than beneficial .
A common belief held by Egyptian and African cultures was that when a serpent grows old , wings grow from its body .
Revived interest in Ancient Greek , Roman and Egyptian civilizations in the 18th and 19th centuries resulted in the development of neoclassical and revival styles in the decorative arts .
Classical architecture and motifs , including serpents , were incorporated into contemporary buildings , interior design and furniture .
This German center table in the manner of Karl Friedrich Schinkel ( Fig. 2 ) , is supported by a base of three winged serpents banded together at the center .
Egyptian styles would also influence the Art Deco movement of the early 20th century .
Sleek interpretations of Egyptian furniture and objects were produced by companies like Tiffany & Co. From the 20s to the 30s French metalsmith Edgar Brandt produced serpent lamps , in collaboration with Daum Nancy who provided the shades .
This chandelier , in the manner of Brandt ( Fig. 3 ) , is comprised of alabaster shades supported by twelve cobra heads .
Resource : Eason , Cassandra .
Fabulous Creatures , Mythical Monsters , and Animal Power Symbols : A Handbook .
Westport , Conn : Greenwood Press , 2007 .
Fig.1 : Photo : Harrison , J.E. , Epilegomena to the Study of Greek Religion and Themis , University Books , New Hyde Park , New York , p. 495 , 1962 .
Soon we may get the first ever glimpse of the dark side of the sun .
Well , no , there 's no actual dark side of a luminous ball of burning gas , but there is an effective dark side , as in , the side of the sun we can't see at any given time .
Scientists are n't content to get just half of the picture , so they 've launched the STEREO ( Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatories ) mission , a pair of NASA spacecraft that will orbit the sun simultaneously to provide a complete view of all sides of the star at once .
" Then there will be no place to hide and we can see the entire sun for the first time , " STEREO project scientist Michael Kaiser of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center told Wired.com .
The perfect spherical view will come on Feb. 6 , 2011 .
Right now the satellites , which were launched in October 2006 , are about 90 degrees apart , which allows a picture of about 270 degrees of the sun — the fullest view yet .
" The whole goal of all of this is to try to get a better handle to try to predict solar storms , which cause cell phone disturbances , and disruptions to communications and power . "
Kaiser said .
" We 'd like to be able to predict these things as far in advance as possible to give us a longer warning time . "
Solar storms are magnetic disruptions on the sun that release violent sprays of charged particles into space .
These storms can produce magnificent displays of the Northern Lights .
But some past storms have also cost airlines and satellite communications industries millions of dollars , and have led to large scale power blackouts ( including one across the entire province of Quebec , Canada ) .
Being able to reliably forecast these tempests in advance could make a huge difference in preventing disturbances on Earth .
Predicting solar weather is also important for the future of manned spaceflight .
If astronauts are exposed to the intense radiation from solar storms while traveling beyond the protective magnetic field of the Earth , they could suffer serious harm .
Even astronauts close to home who venture out for a spacewalk during a storm are put in danger .
" For future missions going to the moon and Mars , that 's very important , " Kaiser said .
" Some of these solar storms can be very intense .
If the astronauts were completely exposed to one of these storms the radiation could be high . "
The STEREO mission also aims to improve our basic scientific understanding of the dynamics within the sun , which could shed light on the workings of stars in general .
See Also :
Image :
One of the first photos taken by STEREO of flares on the sun .
Credit : NASA
SHOES ON HENS
SAMSON MOANS
DRAB RED BEAD
Oulipo
At the Mathematics and Fiction workshop held last weekend in Oxford I particularly enjoyed David Bellos ’ wonderful talk about Oulipo , the world ’s longest running literary movement .
The Oulipo is a group of writers interested in exploring the application of mathematical structures , patterns and algorithms to writing .
As an example , poet and novelist Raymond Queneau unleashed the exponential power of combinatorics to write a small book of sonnets which he had n’t finished reading himself !
Constraints
The sonnet is a highly constrained literary form : 14 lines , 10 syllables per line , and a well - defined rhyme pattern .
More generally , the Oulipo discovered such mathematical constraints can generate interesting results .
Constraints can also provide inspiration — tying things down helps give them shape .
Consider two questions :
What are you doing ?
What are you doing ?
( Limit your answer to 140 characters . )
The first sounds plain nosey ; but the second has spawned a whole new form of publishing .
The day - in - a - life format is another famous literary constraint .
Oulipo - inspired writer Richard Beard explains how he notched this constraint up a level , creating a novel in which the action is formally and tightly bound to a single day .
In “ Damascus , ” I only use nouns that appeared in The Times of Nov. 1 1993 .
How does this work ?
In one paragraph some children are racing to the sea and one of them wants to say — “ Last to touch the water ’s a donkey . ”
But there ’s no “ donkey ” in the paper , so they end up saying , “ Last to touch the water ’s a walrus . ”
So you end up with some interesting and novel linguistic formulations .
— Richard Beard
The Eodermdrome challenge
The simplest Oulipian structure David Bellos presented was the eodermdrome .
The word “ EODERMDROME ” is itself an eodermdrome [ 1 ] : if you place the letters E , O , D , R , M at the vertices of a pentagon , as shown , when you trace the sequence E→O→D→E→R→M→D→R→O→M→E you end up where you started , covering each line in the resulting figure exactly once .
Mathematically speaking , the sequence EODERMDROME forms an Eulerian circuit within the fully connected graph whose vertices are the set of its constituent characters .
Eodermdromes make naturally pleasing sequences , perhaps suitable for domain names or memorable phone numbers .
In his talk David Bellos offered three more eodermdromes .
The second is credited to Jacques Roubaud .
You ’ll notice that the elements in the third are words rather than characters : the pattern works at any scale , and a reader need n’t be aware of it to appreciate its beauty .
tears at rest étoile , ortie figs , lizards , snakes , heat , light , figs , snakes , light , lizards , heat , figs
Eodermdromes turn out to be surprisingly thin on the ground .
I include three of my own discoveries [ 2 ] at the start of this article .
Can you can find any better ones ?
[ 1 ]
The word for such words is “ autological ” , as opposed to “ heterological ” .
But is “ heterological ” itself heterological ?
[ 2 ] OK , so a computer did the hard work .
It ’s a nice programming exercise .
§
end code once
Whatever you think about the likelihood that a new kind of DVDs could last for 1,000 years , this note from reader crazyeyes should give you pause about expecting current CD - Rs to be reliably readable for decades .
TechARP found a failure rate near 10 % for CD - Rs recorded 7 to 9 years ago , after storage in ideal conditions .
On some , one or more individual files could not be recovered ; others were not reliably readable on two separate drives .
Sony Computer Entertainment ’s awkwardly named publication of Holy Invasion of Privacy , Badman !
What Did I Do to Deserve This ?
has been undergoing some publishing pains , and most likely for the better .
The advent of the PSP Go has changed the handheld gaming landscape dramatically , and NIS America is taking full initiative with their new title .
UMD pre-orders for the title began to cancel across video game retailers , and GameFly even marked the title ’s status as ‘ not available for rent ’ .
NIS America confirmed the price of $ 19.99 , and that the title is now a PlayStation Network - exclusive download .
The decision was made based on the reception of the PSN demo of the game .
Holy Invasion of Privacy , Badman !
What Did I Do to Deserve This ? is expected to release on the PlayStation Network next month .
[ Source ]
I hate pledge drives .
The thought of being contacted to give money to an organization , even one that I normally support , makes me uneasy .
But I am happy to raise money for organizations I support and like the idea of competing against others towards a goal .
To maximize their ability to raise money , organizations should use Micro - giving campaigns to supplant and eventually replace traditional pledge drives .
A successful micro-giving campaign should do the following : provide a limited time for action ; allow me to set a reasonable goal that I can match ; and give me a means to share my progress with others and link our goals toward a larger “ big goal ” .
I think Tim Ferriss ’s Tweet to Beat campaign is an excellent prototype for a product that companies like Convio could produce to allow existing organizations to take their campaigns and turbo - charge them through social media .
Tweet to Beat is interesting as an idea because it allows individuals to align themselves with the goals of an organization and to offer personalized “ challenge grants ” .
I imagine that pledge drives do n’t use these tools all that often for regular donors today because of the difficulty in administering the program .
I ’d be happy to give an extra $ 10 or $ 20 to an organization if I knew that my marginal $ 10 or $ 20 made a big difference in the number of donors that my organization of choice was able to attract .
Offering this recognition for “ helper donors ” is a big key to the journey from a hated pledge drive call to an engaged donor base of people who not only care about a cause or an organization but are also able to easily and quickly provide support to that cause or organization .
Convio already offers a version of this service — currently used for events like the Tour De Cure bicycle fundraiser — but I wonder whether they ’ve considered expanding it for events like a local public television fundraising drive .
Or even if Convio has considered making this service available ( perhaps through Twitter , perhaps through Facebook ) so that any 501c ( 3 ) organization could have better tools to take advantage of the reach of social media .
Pledge drives exist today for organizations like Public Radio and other 501c ( 3 ) organizations because they are an effective means of engaging potential donors ( or perhaps just making them feel guilty enough to give money to get someone off of the phone ) .
These organizations are missing new potential donors who today might ignore email appeals from someone they do n’t know but would be open to appeals from their friends to support causes those friends believe in and support .
In the process , organizations can gain new tools for engagement and reach donor bases that are negative or do not respond to traditional fundraisers .
Words Are Used To Dehumanize
The following editorial is dedicated to Justus , a lovely man who saved my life - after society had discarded him and given up on him , too .
For years , America has been working to further dehumanize people who for one reason or another have found themselves living on the street .
The recently favored descriptive phrase chills me to the bone .
" The Homeless " - they are no longer hobos , transients , children of the street , vagrants , bums , or street people - they have become " The Homeless . "
You may say it 's only words but words speak of deeper feelings .
That is what words are , feelings and concepts given life as sound .
Let 's look at that phrase a moment .
When we use words to name other types of people - daughter , hooker , dentist , criminal , lawyer - do we use " the " in front when we refer to them as a group ?
Homeless is a state of not having somewhere to live , not something that a person is like a profession .
People speak of " The Homeless " situation or " The Homeless " problem .
At the holidays , people sometimes think of donating to " The Homeless . "
They are PEOPLE .
They are PEOPLE who have no place to sleep at night that is safe .
They are PEOPLE who have fallen on hard luck .
They are HUMAN BEINGS dying in your world .
They are HUMAN BEINGS getting beaten by your policemen , your bored teenagers , and your reality show producers .
During my time as a PERSON without a place to live I learned that many MEN end up on the street because of illness , loss of a job , or as with many WOMEN , they have run from horrifying abuses while still teens .
During my time as a PERSON without a home I found that most homeless WOMEN become that way from abuse , sexual or otherwise .
They run from situations that their families , their law enforcement agencies , their charities do or can do nothing about .
They walk the razor edge between flight and suicide and for some reason , they choose to run rather than face another rape by their stepfather or another bone - breaking beating from their spouse .
Once they run away , they discover that they 've merely jumped into a more slowly burning fire rather than to true safety .
By that point they are stuck .
There 's no hand up , there 's no government assistance to save them , there 's really nothing to save them but themselves and sometimes each other .
While the rest of the country is shedding tears over the little girl molested by her Uncle on the Lifetime movie the real little girls and boys are sleeping in dumpster surrounds , too broken to understand what to do or how to function .
After my first rape , it was a homeless man who saved me .
I was tucked into a bloodied ball behind a dumpster , deep in shock .
Without his intervention , I would have died .
He covered me and sang mumbled songs .
He bathed me like a child in someone 's motel room where he 'd carried me .
Fittingly , his name was Justus .
My angel had Parkinson 's and had suffered several strokes .
His bladder control was n't perfect so he smelled pretty bad , too .
He talked to me of soldiers he 'd seen shell - shocked in Vietnam .
He prayed and sang " Amazing Grace " as I stared into space , trembling and waiting , hoping to die while he carefully dabbed my face with a washcloth .
He showed me a very old picture of his daughter , a cute toddler in corn rows .
He spoke of her with such love .
It was then I unfroze and began to cry .
If this gentle , lovely man could be discarded and dying out where no one cared what hope was there for anyone ?
I regret that I was too deeply wounded , too deep in shock at the time he finally urged and convinced me to let him take me to the hospital - I regret I was too damaged at the time to think of how I 'd find him again .
I was hospitalized for several days while they pumped me full of antibiotics and wrestled to get my fever under control .
I never found Justus again .
Of all the people I 've ever met , Justus was perhaps the most humane person of them all .
Justus was not " The Homeless , " he was a man of substance and humanity .
For the sake of Justus , do n't use that phrase , " The Homeless . "
Dear Cecil : OK , no bullshit now .
I got a simple question , I want a simple answer : how come you can see through glass ?
Daniel C. , Washington , D.C .
Cecil replies :
Dear Daniel :
Not to beat around the bush or anything , Dan , but the reason you can see through glass basically is that there is no reason for you not to be able to see through it .
Despite its appearance , glass is really a highly viscous liquid rather than a solid , and you can see through it for the same reasons that you can see through water .
Having supplied that admirably simple answer , permit me to elaborate .
Conventional liquids , when cooled , have a freezing point at which they suddenly become solid .
Liquid glass , by contrast , simply gets gradually stiffer as it cools .
At room temperature its rate of flow is so slow that it would take billions of years to ooze out of shape , and for most practical purposes it may be treated as a solid .
Its internal structure , though , is not the regular crystalline latticework of your standard solid , but rather is essentially random , like the typical liquid .
As with many liquids , the rather loosely spaced molecules in glass are simply not big enough to obstruct the passage of light particles .
Furthermore , ( a ) there are no footloose electrons in glass to reflect light , as with metals ; ( b ) the energy levels of the individual atoms in glass are not such that they absorb light in the visible spectrum , although they will absorb infrared and ultraviolet ; and ( c ) there are no internal boundaries or discontinuities in glass as there are in ordinary crystal solids to refract light , which would cause some light to be lost to internal reflection .
( Glass reflects light only at its external boundaries – that is , the boundary between the glass and the surrounding air , or whatever .
This permits refraction to be precisely controlled , which is what makes eyeglasses , and optics in general , possible . )
In short , the reason you can see through glass is that there is no reason for you not to be able to see through it .
QED .
BUSTED !
Dear Cecil : WOW !
I may have the distinct pleasure of catching the Straight Dope in an error .
It regards a question that once enabled me to win a bet with a retarded ex-girlfriend and her Mensa mom :
Is glass a liquid or a solid ?
I was taught that it was a supercooled liquid , and the dictionary concurred .
What ’s more , in answering the question " How come you can see through glass ? " you yourself said , " Despite its appearance , glass is really a highly viscous liquid rather than a solid . "
Needless to say , I was able to stick it in their proverbial eye .
Recently , however , I have heard that glass is n’t a liquid , it ’s an amorphous solid .
Now who ’s going to open their eye big and wide for me ?
Please do n’t start tap - dancing and say it ’s all relative .
We all know the world is black and white .
Glass , solid or liquid ?
– Shayne Kislack P.S. : Please let me know if I ’m eligible for some sort of prize .
Cecil replies :
Now , Shayne .
The mark of a truly great mind is n’t whether you ’re right or wrong .
It ’s how well you can weasel out of a jam .
Lesser folk might prefer it otherwise , but there ’s no sharp line dividing liquids and solids .
A supercooled liquid , the term applied to glass for many years , has been rapidly chilled past its normal freezing point and become apparently solid without assuming the regular crystalline structure typical of solids .
The term du jour , amorphous solid , means an apparently solid substance that lacks crystalline structure and instead has the random organization of liquids .
In other words , we used to think of glass as a solidlike liquid , and now we think of it as a liquidlike solid .
Big frickin’ deal .
I concede that changes in the properties of glass once it cools past the " glass transition temperature " are an argument for calling it a solid .
But to my mind the real question is whether glass flows , as liquids do .
I ’m happy to say it does , just not very fast .
In the original column I wrote , " At room temperature [ glass ’s ] rate of flow is so slow that it would take billions of years to ooze out of shape . "
In the October 1999 issue of Discover , Yvonne Stokes , a mathematician at the University of Adelaide in Australia , says that it would take a mere ten million years for a windowpane to get 5 percent thicker at the bottom .
So the way I see it , not only was I essentially right , I was being conservative by a margin of 100 to 1 .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
More Nightbreed ... ( Interested ..? )
UPDATE - August 2017
Introduction by Mark Alan Miller
Feature commentary by Russell Cherrington ( Restoration Producer ) and Jimmi Johnson ( Cabal Cut editor )
Feature commentary by Occupy Midian founders José Leitão & Ryan Danhauser
Running time : 145 minutes
UPDATE - July 2017
UPDATE - October 2014
UPDATE - September 2014
The upcoming Morgan Creek / Seraphim release of the Cabal Cut of Nightbreed on Blu-ray is set for release from the end of September 2017 .
Limited to 200 deluxe ( $ 250 ) and 50 ( $ 75 , reduced to $ 50 - sold out ) regular copies , this composite of multiple cuts and edits will be available through the RealCliveBarker Store .
NB : the release is region free but is formatted for NTSC.200 numbered deluxe versions will come with poster art by Ralph McQuarrie and Daniele Serra and promotional cards , sticker and badge .
* 21 September 2017 * Head to the Real Clive Barker Store for ordering ... Morgan Creek / Seraphim announces release of the Cabal Cut of Nightbreed on Blu-ray .
The Director 's Cut of Nightbreed had a US release on Blu-ray on the 28th of October 2014 .
Further screenings for the Director 's Cut of Nightbreed ...
*** BREAKING : FINAL SPECS for NIGHTBREED :THE DIRECTOR'S CUT Revealed !***
" We are very excited today to announce the final list of extras that will be available on our two releases of NIGHTBREED : THE DIRECTOR'S CUT ( both out on 10/28 ) .
We thank every fan of " Midian " for being patient for this long - awaited news and we hope you are pleased .
" We begin with an official statement from Clive Barker 's team on this extraordinary project : ' The Nightbreed Director 's Cut is an entirely different film than the one which was released in theaters .
Its 20 minutes longer than the theatrical cut , but it contains over 40 minutes of new and altered footage .
Clive oversaw the reconstruction and edit himself , personally ensuring that , at long last , he was able to tell the story he always wanted to tell , but until now , had never been given the chance .
Once the scenes were reordered , and the original film footage restored , the entire film received a brand new sound mix and color pass .
It is , in every way , a different movie .
It contains more story , more monsters , and there 's even a musical number .
Ultimately , what we 've delivered is a love story 25 years in the making ' "
DVD & BLU - RAY COMBO SPECIAL EDITION SET
* New " Director 's Cut " presentation of the film which contains over 40 minutes of new and altered footage
* Introduction by writer / director Clive Barker and restoration producer Mark Alan Miller
* Audio Commentary by writer / director Clive Barker and restoration producer Mark Alan Miller
* Tribes of the Moon : The Making of Nightbreed featuring interviews with Craig Sheffer , Anne Bobby , Doug Bradley and more ... ( 72 minutes )
* Making Monsters - interviews with makeup effects artists Bob Keen , Martin Mercer and Paul Jones ( 42 minutes )
* Fire !
Fights !
Stunts !
2nd Unit Shooting - an interview with Andy Armstrong ( 20 minutes )
* Original Theatrical Trailer 1:78 Widescreen /DTS -HD
Master Audio 5.1 / Dolby Digital 5.1 / English Subtitles
LIMITED EDITION 3-DISC BLU - RAY SET ( 10,000 Numbered Pieces )
DISC 1 : THE DIRECTOR'S CUT
* New " Director 's Cut " presentation of the film which contains over 40 minutes of new and altered footage
* Introduction by writer / director Clive Barker and restoration producer Mark Alan Miller
* Audio Commentary by writer / director Clive Barker and restoration producer Mark Alan Miller
* Tribes of the Moon : The Making of Nightbreed featuring interviews with Craig Sheffer , Anne Bobby , Doug Bradley and more ... ( 72 minutes )
* Making Monsters - interviews with makeup effects artists Bob Keen , Martin Mercer and Paul Jones ( 42 minutes )
* Fire !
Fights !
Stunts !
2nd Unit Shooting - an interview with Andy Armstrong ( 20 minutes )
* Original Theatrical Trailer 1:78 Widescreen /DTS -HD
Master Audio 5.1 / Dolby Digital 5.1
DISC 2 : BONUS DISC
* Deleted and Alternate Scenes ( approx. 20 minutes )
* Monster Prosthetics Master Class
* Cutting Compromise - an interview with editor Mark Goldblatt
* The Painted Landscape : The Concept Art of Ralph McQuarrie
* Matte Painting Tests
* Makeup Tests
* Stop Motion Lost Footage
* Extended Torture Scene
* Rehearsal of Boone 's dream
* Extensive Still Galleries - Early Sketches , Deleted Scene , Posters and Pre-Production art , On the Set , The Cast and Crew
DISC 3 : THE THEATRICAL CUT
* New transfer from the inter- positive
1:78 Widescreen / DTS -HD Master Audio 5.1 / English Subtitles
** NOTE : Those who order the Limited Edition and Special Edition sets directly from us at www.ScreamfactoryDVD.com will also receive an exclusive 18 " x24 " poster of the newly designed artworks ( available while supplies last ) plus a 2 - week early ship on 10 / 14 . "
Scream Factory Press Release
3 September 2014
UPDATE - August 2014
SpectreFest will be screening the Director 's Cut of Nightbreed in Los Angeles in October with a Q&A planned with Clive .
Daniel Noah ( SpectreFest ) " I had a really great meeting with Mark Miller who works for Clive , both dealing with the development of his literary properties and his films , and as we were talking he mentioned that the director 's cut of Nightbreed was coming and I asked if it had a premiere , and that led to the incredible news that Clive would be coming out , because he does n't do many appearances .
Because it 's such a special event for Clive , and Nightbreed has been such a passion project and getting it right has been an obsession for him - this is a big event in his life and we wanted the event to feel special and have a grandiosity about it , and it came out that Clive has these notebooks that he keeps by his bed , and throughout his entire life , he uses them as dream journals ; he wakes up in the middle of the night and makes a record of his dreams in pictures , not words , so he has notebook upon notebook of images that com right out of his unconscious .
Some of them have been the seedlings for some of his most iconic works .
We 're working with Clive to put together an exhibition of pages from his notebooks that will be on display .
It 's a very intimate process , it 's an incredible privilege and we 're extremely honored . "
Interview : Daniel Noah on SpectreFest and Clive Barker
By The Horror Honeys , Moviepilot , 4 September 2014 ( note : full text online at http://moviepilot.com)
UPDATE - July 2014
Screenings for the Director 's Cut of Nightbreed ... Please stay in touch with local organisers as final arrangements can and do change ... At last , big news from Scream Factory about the lost celluloid footage !
Available at this point for the US and Canada only , ordering details are here at Scream Factory .
Fingers crossed for a worldwide release to follow swiftly ...
*** NIGHTBREED : THE DIRECTOR'S CUT Update !!***
" We have big ( and extensive ) news to report today regarding a film that we announced almost over a year ago in July .
In collaboration with Morgan Creek Productions and Clive Barker 's Seraphim , Inc. , the long - awaited NIGHTBREED : THE DIRECTOR'S CUT is scheduled for a release of October 28th and will be available in two retail versions : A 5,000 Unit Limited - Edition 3 - Disc Blu-ray set and a Special Edition DVD & Blu-ray Combo .
" In 1990 , the film was released theatrically nationwide .
However , the movie studio edited the film extensively and several scenes were excised or rearranged - much to Director Clive Barker 's disappointment .
Since then , a fan - driven movement was created ( www.OccupyMidian.com) to see the full version of the film restored and re-released .
Now , after 25 years , fans and horror enthusiasts can finally experience NIGHTBREED like never before !
Scream Factory , in conjunction with Warner Bros. , was able to find the long - thought - missing original film elements and combed through over 600 boxes to locate not only the lost scenes but a treasure trove of never - before - seen footage as well .
With nearly an hour of lost footage meticulously restored , the result is not only a more faithful adaptation of Clive Barker 's book Cabal , but also what he originally intended NIGHTBREED to be .
" Official statement from Clive Barker : ' This is film history and beyond my wildest dreams of realization .
When Scream Factory told me that they found the NIGHTBREED film footage I was gob - smacked !
This is the ultimate validation of choices made by myself and Mark Miller all the way back in 2008 .
As we embarked down the road of attempting to track down the lost footage , we looked at each other and said , ' Maybe one day they 'll find it . '
It 's my pleasure to announce that the day has come .
Speaking personally , I did n't allow myself to believe that it would .
Even if we did find some footage ( which we did in 2009 in the form of heavily degraded VHS tapes ) and even if we did find a company willing to release the film ( which we did in 2013 with Scream Factory , God bless them ) the prospect of finding the actual lost film materials was remoter than I 'd wanted to admit out loud .
If the footage could not be found by those who had worked closest on it the same year it had been released , then what were the odds we'd be able to find anything 20 years on ?
But Scream Factory , in their commendable determination , kept up the search and thanks to them total reconstruction has been made a possibility .
There 's never been a reconstruction that 's had as little chance of succeeding and yet has succeeded on as many fronts as this film has .
It 's unprecedented .
To now have a movie that we can put together in the way that I fully intended it to be seen when I first set out to make this film in 1989 is extraordinary .
The project has moved inexorably to this conclusion .
Fate and the hard work of individuals such as Mark Miller , Russell Cherrington , Phil and Sarah Stokes , Occupy Midian , Morgan Creek , and ultimately , Scream Factory have made this a possibility and I could not be happier . ' "
Scream Factory Press Release
1 July 2014
Cliff MacMillan ( Scream Factory ) :
" We did a brand - new transfer [ of the theatrical cut ] , about a month ago , from the inter- positive that Warner Bros. had , because the only other HD transfer that Warner had was an interlaced transfer and there was no way we were going to use that for this release , so yeah we did a brand - new transfer so the theatrical cut is from the new transfer and then the Director 's
Cut will be using that new HD transfer and then , when we transferred the missing footage we transferred it from the original camera negative so actually that footage may look a bit better than the actual movie does , because , you know , an inter - positive is a generation down from the negative ...
" When we originally contacted Warner Bros .
they gave us a list of what they had and it was all the materials that they had here in Burbank and I just kinda pleaded with them - I said , ' Can you please look in deep storage ? ' and so they said , ' OK , we 'll get back to you , ' and they came back to me in a few weeks with this massive list of film elements ...
So I went through the list and found and checked off those boxes that were listed as ' trims ' from the film , so we had absolutely no idea what that could be ; it could be , you know , scenes that are in the theatrical version that got trimmed at some point or other , so we did n't know .
So they shipped the stuff from the Mid-West all the way out here and , yeah , I mean it was over 600 boxes and each box had just a little film reel so we had to string all of those together so that we could run them through the equipment and ... the first day we were sitting there and we ran the first reel and here 's the stop - motion footage of this creature , this woman - she looks like a panther - riding this creature and it was like , ' Oh my God , we found it . '
This was just the beginning - and the more and more we started looking at the reels we started finding - I mean , we found footage that is n't in either version of the film - we found more footage that 's been shot ...
There 's a bedroom scene between Peloquin and , Shuna ?
There 's like , yeah , it 's amazing ...
We found that footage , we found just tons of footage .
And some of it wo n't have audio , but we 're doing the best we can to find audio , and I think in places where we do n't have audio we may use the original script to bring up subtitles so at least you know what the people are saying . "
Cliff MacMillan of Scream Factory
By Ryan Danhauser and José Leitão , Clive Barker Podcast , 3 July 2014 ( note - full audio at clivebarkercast.com / )
UPDATE - March 2014
Mark Miller : " We 're going to call it the Director 's Cut because , while the fans have been incredibly supportive and are one hundred percent the reason we got so much attention and a distributor , there are still murmurs that [ the Cabal Cut ] is overly long , there 's some repetitive footage , it still needs a proper sound mix , there are a lot of flaws with it , you know , I mean it 's essentially a fan - made workprint .
We did it in - house and it's by no means a professional thing .
And so when Shout Factory start the restoration and give it a proper mix and digitize it and restore it and Clive goes in and watches it and gives his notes , you know , and suggests the trims and puts everything in order and we have the ultimate thing , that 's going to be the Director 's Cut because Clive 's had his hands in it , you know , it 's an official , professional release and we want people to know that it is something different and it is something that 's just going to be Clive 's ultimate vision ...
We have n't given up the search [ for more footage ] - we 're still looking !
So stay tuned ... anything is possible ! "
Mark Miller
By Brad , Picking Brains Podcast , Episode 70 , 6 March 2014 ( note - full audio at picking - brains.com / )
UPDATE - January 2014
UPDATE - October 2013
Scream Factory 's latest anticipated street date for Nightbreed is currently ' early Fall , 2014 ' .
More details to follow this year as restoration work continues ...
Clive : " Last night , seeing the response to the Cabal cut of NIGHTBREED , and having a chance to talk with the six hundred people , many in amazing costumes , who came to the screening , I felt relieved of a great weight of anxiety .
It 's been a long time since I 've made a public appearance that was as important to me as last night .
Though I 'm not yet wholly well , the fact that I could sit in front of an audience and chat as was my style back in the day , gave me a welcome boost of confidence .
I came away from last night 's event profoundly grateful to all those fans of the original NIGHTBREED who had the vision to see the healthy movie that lay in the wreckage of the wounded version , and who had the faith to believe that somehow it might be possible to re-ignite the creative fire that had motivated so many artists to attempt to make my dream of a monster epic a reality in the first place .
We 've still got a lot of work to do in order to polish the once - lost pieces of the film so that the whole experience flows together .
But we 'll do it .
Next time I watch NIGHTBREED on a big screen it will be at a screening of the movie I once made , only to see it torn into many pieces and left to perish .
But some stories , it seems , refuse to surrender to decay and neglect .
They bide their time , waiting for the dawning of a different day .
" To everybody who made last night such a happy reunion ( and to the many who were there with us in spirit ) , proud monsters all , I send my love and thanks .
No creator was more blessed .
Thank you . "
Facebook Posts
By Clive Barker , 27 October 2013
Cliff MacMillan ( Aquisitions / DVD producer , Scream Factory ) :
" We have n't even started yet .
I mean , we are going to do a new hi-def transfer of the original film and we 'll do what can be done with the rough footage to try and make it less jarring but there 's no film , the film has gone .
I mean , that 's the thing the fans do n't understand most of the time , is that studios never kept the daily footage , the raw footage ; they just threw it away ...
We felt the Cabal Cut was such a fan - favourite that it was worth going and acquiring it and we 're going to do everything that we can to make it look and sound fantastic .
" I do n't think we 're going to be able to [ include the regular cut ] , unfortunately ...
Yeah , it is [ a rights issue ] . "
Scream Factory - The Sequel !
By Rob Galluzzo , Elric Kane and Rebekah McKendry , Killer POV , Episode 32 , [ 4 ]
October 2013 ( note - full audio at www.geeknation.com)
UPDATE - July 2013
Following the huge efforts by all at Occupy Midian , a deal has been announced at ComicCon 2013 between Seraphim and Scream Factory to restore and release the Cabal Cut of Nightbreed !
Detailed plans to follow ...
Clive : " I want to officially announce that the Cabal Cut of Nightbreed is going on to DVD .
" I have no details as yet of the timing of this release , or of the status of extras on the DVD .
The company that will be releasing Nightbreed is Scream Factory .
" What I can tell you is that we at Seraphim have been invited to work with Scream Factory to make this release the best possible event .
It 's been a long journey to bring Nightbreed to this moment , and I want to make sure that the release is the best document of the movie and its adventures .
I will obviously be updating you through facebook on all the developments as they come through to me from Scream Factory , but as it stands I think the Tribes of the Moon should rejoice .
This is a triumph for all of your voices , your support and your love .
Clive . "
Facebook Posts
By Clive Barker , 19 July 2013
Clive also plans to attend a screening of the Cabal Cut of Nightbreed at Beyond Fest 26 October 2013 - tickets available through Brown Paper Tickets from 17 August 2013 for the screening together with an interview with Clive .
Mark Miller : " It 's been a process , well , the film came out in '89 so over twenty - five years in the making and , you know , it was five years ago that I sent Clive a text message that said , ' Hey , I heard there might be some missing footage ' and we found it , we put it together , it 's been touring the world , it 's been incredible .
And the deal just closed moments ago , literally .
These guys are going to be giving it the restoration treatment , it 's going to be unbelievable . "
Scream Factory Panel
By Sean Clark ( moderating ) , Comic - Con International , San Diego , 19 July 2013
Cliff MacMillan ( Aquisitions / DVD producer , Scream Factory ) :
" This is a sort of Holy Grail , at least it is for me and I think for Mark as well .
We are going to release Clive Barker 's Nightbreed the Cabal Cut ...
" It 'll probably take a while to put out because we do need to restore all the footage that was , that really only exists in one format at the moment .
So we 're going to have to completely restore it , try to get it to look as close as it can to ...
We 're going to do it . "
Scream Factory Panel
By Sean Clark ( moderating ) , Comic - Con International , San Diego , 19 July 2013
Jeff Nelson ( Marketing director , Scream Factory ) :
" We 're over the moon , I mean , to get a title like this , again , a Holy Grail title like this , it just kinda blows our mind . "
Scream Factory Panel
By Sean Clark ( moderating ) , Comic - Con International , San Diego , 19 July 2013
Mark Miller : " It is with great pleasure that I can say we 've come to the end of unpaved road that was the director 's cut of Nightbreed .
On Friday , July 19th , I received an email from Morgan Creek informing me that they had struck a deal with Shout Factory and that the Cabal Cut was , at long last , to receive an official dvd release .
Thanks to everyone who helped make this a reality .
Phil and Sarah Stokes .
Morgan Creek .
Russell Cherrington .
Occupy Midian .
Rue Morgue .
There were so many people that were instrumental in this undertaking that it 's impossible to list them all .
But you know who you are .
You signed petitions .
You stood in lines at screenings .
You made your voices known .
Our journey is nowhere near a close ; we 're only just getting started .
Keep watching . "
Reaction from Mark Miller
By Mark Miller , email to Revelations , 23 July 2013
Mark Miller : " Let me say , this is an incredible time for Seraphim Films .
We have worked closely with Morgan Creek on bringing the Cabal Cut to the world , and upon hearing the news that a deal had been struck with Shout Factory , we were overjoyed .
The fruits of our labors have finally paid off .
We eagerly await the next chapter in this saga .
Our sincerest thanks to everyone who helped make this a reality . "
Exclusive Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut Interview
By Jonathan James , Daily Dead.com , 22 July 2013
Russell Cherrington : " All I want to say to everyone is thank you for everybody 's support .
We could not have done this without the thousands of fans of Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut that got behind the film .
It is people like you that made this happen and the reason Morgan Creek has given Nightbreed a second life via Scream Factory . "
Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut coming to Blu-ray
By April Snellings , Ron McKenzie , Rue Morgue.com , 22 July 2013
Michael Plumides : " When I heard [ Eben McGarr and Joe Moe ] needed help getting permission from Morgan Creek to screen Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut at Mad Monster Party but to little avail , I stepped in and contacted now President , David Robinson and told him , ' We need to support this .
I think it 's got some legs . '
" It took me one phone call to do what they were trying to get done for months .
" I asked if [ Drafthouse Films ] might be interested in distribution for the Cabal Cut ...
Although they were fans , to do what we needed to do was n't really their wheelhouse .
So , on the eve we were supposed to close , they suggested we go to Shout !
Factory , introducing me to Cliff MacMillan , who I in turn introduced to Morgan Creek - we got the deal done minutes before the announcement . "
Exclusive : Michael Plumides Talks Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut Heading to Home Video
By Scott Hallam , Dread Central.com , 22 July 2013
Cliff MacMillan ( Scream Factory ) : " It 's going to take us some time to do some restoration work and really do a lot of extra features on it but it 's going to be our big title for next year , I think . "
Interview - San Diego Comic Con 2013
By Rob Galluzzo , FEARnet.com , 26 August 2013
UPDATE - May 2013
Mark Miller : " We 're trying to get some fests this year .
We 're probably going to see some theatrical stuff and it looks like we 're going to get a DVD release , if not the end of this year then early next year . "
Jimmy Star Show
By Jimmy Star , Ron Russell , Jimmy Star Show , 22 May 2013
UPDATE - November 2012
UPDATE - July 2012
Screenings for the composite Cabal Cut of Nightbreed continue in 2013 ...
Please stay in touch with local organisers as final arrangements can and do change .
See Occupy Midian for more details ... Nightbreed secures the cover slot on Rue Morgue 's December issue as Clive talks about what the movie has meant to him ...
Clive : " The movie [ originally ] failed so dismally and the reception was so vicious , I was just dragged down by the waste of it .
If I 've come across as distancing myself from it , it 's because I felt that I had not succeeded .
I felt I 'd let everybody down , including myself .
There were a lot of people who'd really given their love and pushed harder than they needed to on my behalf , and we had nothing to show for it ...
" What we 're looking at [ now ] is a monstrous jigsaw , but the fact we 've been able to reassemble the pieces in the right order now testifies to the fact that my version was actually shot .
After all this time , I 'm suddenly very optimistic ! "
The Strange Case of Clive Barker 's Nightbreed
By Owen Williams , Empire Magazine , No.279 , September 2012 ( Note - interview took place 12 July 2012 )
UPDATE - June 2012
Several more screenings of the composite Cabal Cut of Nightbreed have been announced - the full updated list is below :
See Occupy Midian for more details ... Encouraging news about Morgan Creek's ' blessing ' for the Cabal Cut ...:
Clive : " My friends , Clive here , writing to share some wonderful news .
Following the two Sold Out screenings of Nightbreed : The Cabal Cut on Sunday , Morgan Creek has given us permission to show the cut around the world and to raise money to prepare the cut for a release on Blu Ray .
This could not , would not have happened without your voices .
We have all been heard .
The Morgan Creek team have my thanks and my respect .
Very seldom does anyone in the movie business pay attention as they have , understanding perhaps that the message of the movie as I shot it is one that dramatizes a different ending to the age - old story of how a war between Humankind and something Other draws to a close .
The real Nightbreed will be available for everyone to see .
I hope its message of redemption and forgiveness move you . "
Twitter Posts
By Clive Barker , 12 June 2012
UPDATE - May 2012
UPDATE - April 2012
And further screenings of the composite Cabal Cut of Nightbreed : More details to follow , with exciting new content planned at Occupy Midian ... The new composite Cabal Cut of Nightbreed is set to be screened as follows : More details to follow ... Spurred on by the screening of the composite cut last month , fans led by José Leitão , Ryan Danhauser and Roger Boyes are collecting support for Nightbreed with an Occupy Midian Facebook group Occupy Midian site and an associated petition , here .
Sign up at Occupy Midian to show your support !
Clive : " Hello all .
Clive here .
Just wanted to let you know of the wonderful movement to find a home for the director 's cut of my film Nightbreed .
It 's called Occupy Midian .
Clever title courtesy of the lovely Anne Bobby who plays Lori in the movie .
You can find it here [ on twitter ] and on Facebook .
" Go forth ... and ' Breed ... "
Twitter Posts
By Clive Barker , 11 April 2012
Russell Cherrington : " For the last few years , Mark Miller has been working at getting Morgan Creek interested in a re-release of Nightbreed .
He wanted them to allow a director 's cut to be put together from the original footage .
Nothing happened , and Morgan Creek told Mark that they could not locate any materials .
Phil and Sarah from www.clivebarker.info then got involved with Mark , and between them , an original workprint was found on VHS .
This was transferred to DVD and shown in 2010 at a HorrorHound event .
" I asked to see the workprint in June 2011 , and decided at that point to work with the original script to create a composite cut of Nightbreed .
It became clear to me that what I was working on was The Cabal Cut of the film .
In late 2011 , another workprint was found , again on VHS .
I got a DVD copy of this from Mark , and with Seraphim Films ' blessing , I worked the material from all three sources into the Cabal Cut .
" Once that was assembled , I asked Doug Bradley to redub his voice into the new version so that Lylesberg would no longer be German .
Here 's a youtube clip of Doug in the studio ... "
Sign The Nightbreed Director 's Cut Petition !
By John Nicol , Fangoria at www.fangoria.com, 13 April 2012
Clive Barker directing during the Nightbreed pick - ups , 1989
( previously unpublished ) Clive Barker directing during the Nightbreed pick - ups , 1989 ( previously unpublished )
UPDATE - March 2012
Please note , Clive will not be in attendance and Mad Monster caution that programming is subject to change .
Mark Miller : " First , I should set the record straight .
There was a three hour version but that was what we got when we put the two rough cuts together .
And during the editing process we realized that what we were seeing were some of the reshoots .
For example , in one of the first versions of the composite , Captain Eigerman died twice .
We watched it all the way through and realized that probably should n't happen , so we went back and fixed that .
Eventually we ended up with the version we have now , which is two hours 35 minutes long .
Still a considerably longer film , but it does n't feel that way at all .
Without giving anything away , I can tell you that you can expect to see a lot more of everything - more monsters , more action , more story .
And believe it or not , there 's even a musical number . "
Sinister Seven : Seraphim's Mark Miller on Nightbreed : The Director 's Cut
By Ron McKenzie , Rue Morgue.com , 21 March 2012 ( note - full text at : http://www.rue-morgue.com/ )
UPDATE - 2 July 2010
Nightbreed : Not The News Anyone Was Looking For ...
It 's been a little over a year since our good friend Mark Miller was told by someone at Morgan Creek that Nightbreed 's " missing " footage was in fact safely stored in their vaults , simply needing a reason to dig it out - but that no - one at the company could see a reason to do so .
As soon as we heard that the near - mythical footage had survived , we asked for your help to show how much support exists for a director 's cut of the movie .
Over that period - during which we located two VHS workprints containing an hour of cut footage , one of which Morgan Creek authorised for a screening at HorrorHound last March - more than 2,000 people have added their names to the ' Release Nightbreed ' petition on this page , as well as spreading the word in magazines , on news sites and blogs and at conventions .
A huge , huge thank you to each and every one of you from Clive and ourselves : your support has been instrumental in moving Morgan Creek from an initial " there 's no interest " position on releasing an extended DVD or Bluray to one where they have actually been into the vaults to pull out the footage ...
... and that 's where the good news turns bad ...
We 've just had the following conversation with Morgan Creek :
Morgan Creek : " So I have a bit of sad news to relay .
After MUCH digging , hunting and trying our best to unearth where ( if at all ) the missing Nightbreed footage might be , we 've come up empty handed .
Therefore , that VHS that was screened at the convention is the ONLY footage that exists of a director 's cut . "
Revelations : " Wow , that 's tough news !
A year ago we had no idea whether or not the footage still even existed and it was only when we heard the company knew exactly where it was that we and Clive even got up hopes to be able to construct an extended cut of the movie .
Sounds like the initial comments to Mark were unduly optimistic ? "
Morgan Creek : " Unfortunately yes - we were wrong about this one . "
There 's not much that can sweeten a blow like this when so many hopes have been so raised ...
We 've given the news to Clive and will be talking more with him about whether this might be a final death knell for a true extended Nightbreed .
In the meantime , again prompted by your visible and vocal support , Morgan Creek have offered us access to all the Nightbreed material they have and have granted us permission to pull this together into a comprehensive illustrated anniversary book about the movie .
We 'll draw on this as well as on unpublished material in Clive 's archive and we 've started discussions on whether this package might gain permission to include a release of the workprint too ...
At this point , we and Clive and Mark need to again thank everyone who has been moved to support Nightbreed so eloquently .
That passion has not been wasted and has motivated a studio to spend time and effort looking to rescue the lost work of filmmakers who shared a heavenly vision of monsters ...
We 've not given up all hope ...
UPDATE - 6 February 2010
Official word from Morgan Creek ( and a one - off workprint screening )
Clive Barker directs David Cronenberg during re-shoots for Nightbreed , 1989
( previously unpublished )
Clive Barker directs David Cronenberg during re-shoots for Nightbreed , 1989 ( previously unpublished )
We 're happy to report that , over the past several months , we 've had a number of cordial and constructive conversations with Morgan Creek , the studio that owns the rights to Nightbreed .
Morgan Creek initiated these conversations - prompted by the huge petition and support for an extended Nightbreed DVD release on this very page and by the noise you 've generated on horror sites across the internet .
So thank you to everyone who 's added their name and their voice so far and for all your passionate and eloquent support of the movie !
However , we 're less happy to have to tell you that , after discussing the current home entertainment market in " the horror genre " with Warner Bros. , Morgan Creek have decided to take " a pause " before deciding to move forward with the DVD release we 're all calling for .
They 've adopted a " not now " position , telling us that , in their opinion , the current market will not support the required investment in reassembling the master reels to produce a director 's cut of the movie .
Now , it 's not a " never " position - which is a real step forward ... - but it is a huge disappointment .
We are therefore asking for your continued help in showing the size and commitment of Nightbreed 's audience .
Please continue to show your support for an extended release by adding your names to the list below ( our e-mail details are below ) and by continuing to talk about this campaign in forums and blogs .
We 're working with Clive on planning our next series of conversations with Morgan Creek - your support is what caught the studio's attention in the first place , so please let 's keep it going .
Our thanks in advance !
In the meantime , the studio has approved a one - night - only screening of the work - in - progress VHS workprint ( again , news of the discovery of that below ... ) .
This will screen at the upcoming HorrorHound convention in Indianapolis on the evening of Saturday , 27 March 2010 .
The convention details - with an anticipated Nightbreed reunion - are at the HorrorHound convention site .
Again , heartfelt thanks from Clive and ourselves - our quest for a DVD release of the extended Nightbreed as Clive originally intended it continues ... e-mail us by clicking on this link or send us a Tweet to @clivebarkerinfo ( find us at our Twitter page here )
UPDATE - 18 July 2009 - a second ( longer ) workprint discovered !
A second VHS copy of the film has come to light - this time a 159 minute cut - another 14 minutes !
Lori's performance of Johnny Get Angry is amongst the " new " footage , as is the " on the next wind ... " closing scene with the breed in the barn .
Fingers crossed ... this feels like we might just be on a bit of a roll here ...
Clive Barker directs Doug Bradley for Nightbreed , 1989
Clive Barker directs Doug Bradley for Nightbreed , 1989 UPDATE - 10 June 2009 - extended workprint discovered !
We just finished watching a 145 minute version of the film 's mid-1989 workprint !
That 's 44 minutes longer than the theatrical release !!
And it 's even more significant than that since there are none of the later re-shoots of Decker 's murders , so the actual deleted footage is far more than 44 minutes !
Yes , there 's ( lots ) more violence as the Sons of the Free invade Midian , yes there 's some deleted stop motion footage , yes , Narcisse gets decapitated , yes Lori stabs herself on a hilltop and Boone bites her ...
Yes , yes , yes !
Now , this is just a VHS copy so it 's not of releasable quality , so ... thank you for your continuing messages of support - let 's keep working to get a proper DVD release for an extended Nightbreed ...
Clive : " Unbelievable news .
When Mark Miller ... ( apologies .
I am shaking with excitement )
Mark volunteered to try and find my cut of Nightbreed .
I thought there was 25 minutes missing .
I was wrong .
Phil and Sarah Stokes called .
They possess a video copy of my Work Print , 44 minutes longer than the theatrical release .
" Now all we need is somebody to fund the reconstruction of what was always intended to be Celebration of the Shamanic Outsider .
When Nightbreed was released the only support came from the gay press .
But the movie seems to have found a broader audience .
Nightbreed 's about outsiders .
And if the Inside is grey fat hamburgers and eye candy I 'll stay outside with the monsters .
" It 's wonderful that people find something of value in Nightbreed , though it reveals my failings both as an artist and as a man .
The failure as an artist is tied to the inability to function as a normal member of the species ; to pack every sliver of time with significance , like capsules of humanity on craft sent to the stars . "
Twitter Posts By Clive Barker , 10 June 2009 ... For almost twenty years , the two most - asked questions of Clive at conventions and signings ( and , for the last ten , through this website ) have been
when 's the third Book of the Art coming out ?
and
will there be a director 's cut of Nightbreed ?
The first answer is entirely down to Clive ( and the answer 's usually , " Definitely , eventually ... " ) .
The second , though , may very well prove to be in your hands .
Yes , yours .
After many years of replying , " I hope so , but we do n't know where the footage is , " Clive 's answer is now , " Maybe yes , if enough people want to buy it ... "
Clive : " I have a friend , Mark Miller , who came to me and said , ' I want to pursue the missing Nightbreed material .
I have some time off from my work .
I want to do this . '
I said , ' Well , there 's no money , Mark .
There 's nothing in it for you except a huge thanks from me and from many , many , many fans if you were to be successful ... "
Midnight Writer By Carnell , Fangoria , Issue 284 , June 2009 Mark Miller : " One fan set out in search of the truth , armed only with a few phone numbers and the power of a name ...
" On one call I was transferred to a production executive .
You already know what I told him , so let me tell you what he told me : He Can Access The Lost Nightbreed Footage At Any Time .
" My jaw dropped .
Struggling to remember my already limited vocabulary , I asked what had to happen in order for the footage to see the light of day .
He explained to me that someone , namely one of the higher ups , had to have a good reason to pull it out of storage .
I , having that good reason , nodded and thanked him .
He could n't have been a nicer guy .
" Excited , I pictured myself walking through large dusty warehouses filled from floor to ceiling with ancient reels of arcane footage .
I 'm sorry to report , that 's not what happened .
" Shortly after , one of said higher ups was gracious enough to give me a moment of his time .
I was shocked when he told me there was n't a big enough audience for the film and that the answer to my request must be no .
' Not even worth the cost to upgrade to Blu-ray , ' he said .
" Ouch . " Nightbreed Correspondence from Mark Miller to Phil and Sarah Stokes at Revelations , 26 May 2009 ... Mark pressed on , calling different people before finally receiving a definitive studio ' no ' to the expense of assembling an extended release .
Mark Miller : " So endeth my search , thus far .
But this does n't mean that all hope is lost .
What 's important is that we 've all learned two very essential pieces of information : " 1 . The footage is not lost ; it 's in waiting .
" 2 . The only thing standing between us and the director 's cut of Nightbreed is - good news - its already loyal audience ...
" It ai n't cheap to restore and release a movie .
Let 's show the powers - that - be that it 's worth their while , shall we ? "
Nightbreed Correspondence from Mark Miller to Phil and Sarah Stokes at Revelations , 26 May 2009 ... If there 's a demonstrable audience for an extended Nightbreed then that could well influence a release as a pure commercial decision , but we need to figure out just how large that audience really is .
A small but noisy group will not make a difference here - we need to see just how many people would actually put down their hard - earned money for this ...
Remember , there is n't a Region 2 DVD release at all and the Region 1 release is a bare bones version missing the 25 minutes of footage that Clive would love to get back into the movie - a song , some violence , some structure ...
There 's also the prospect of a commentary and hours of potential bonus content ...
What do you think ?
If you 're interested in showing the size of audience or demand for an extended version of Nightbreed , please either e-mail us by clicking on this link or send us a Tweet to @philandsarah ( find us at our Twitter page here ) .
Just your name or screen name is fine but please feel free to add your country of residence and / or a sentence or two on why this would be a great idea .
We 'll collate responses at the bottom of this page and build a picture of support for Nightbreed here !
Spread the word too ...
The more will definitely be the merrier for all of us ...
On behalf of Clive , Mark Miller and ourselves - thanks in advance for your thoughts and comments !
Clive :
" It 's sort of interesting that movies have their moments where suddenly they come back into focus again , and I hope this can happen for Nightbreed ... " Clive And Kicking By Mike Watt , The Dark Side , Issue 101 , February / March 2003 ... To celebrate Mark 's journey of discovery , we went back and pulled out a few more never - before - seen snippets from the behind the scenes footage we discovered a couple of years ago .
For those who love Nightbreed - click on the picture of Boone and Decker fighting below to see Craig Sheffer and David Cronenberg in action and to witness the destruction of Midian !
Click here for exclusive behind the scenes footage on the set of Nightbreed !
( Note : File size = 4.4 MB )
Click here for exclusive behind the scenes footage on the set of Nightbreed !
( Note : File size = 4.4 MB ) Clive : " The movie has , and this is wonderful , you know , a lot of fans .
And it 's a cult movie and it's a real pleasure to me .
Because , in a way , it 's closer to my heart than anything else amongst the movies .
And I know it 's a flawed picture and there 's lots of things I would have wanted differently , but it moves people , it gets into people ... "
Interview By Amber Black and Tim Trautmann , Review , 1996 Doug Bradley : " It remains like no other movie I 've ever seen .
It is extraordinary , and I get asked all the time at conventions , ' Is there a director 's cut of Nightbreed ? '
All I can say is I do n't know , but I hope there is because I would like to see it .
I saw it recently on television in the USA and it does still stand up , but only because the visuals are so extraordinary and the subject matter is so extraordinary , Unfortunately , no sooner has it stood up than it collapses . "
Pin - Points By Nick Vince , Hellbreed No.3 , July 1995
See a little of what might be in an extended version here with our showcase of two deleted sequences - with more exclusive footage , our archive of comment on Nightbreed and tracing the movie from script to screen .
Well , we knew there were a lot of fans out there , but Boy !!
As is self - evident from the long , long listing on the next page here
The archived Revelations ' More Nightbreed ' petition .
Clive .
Mark and ourselves will keep pushing for this with the weight of your support behind us - thank you on behalf of the Tribes of the Moon !
Note :
the expressions of support on the page of the archived Revelations ' More Nightbreed ' petition are from 2009 to 2011 and are separate from and in addition to the many people now signing the 2012 Occupy Midian Facebook group's
St. Lawrence was one of seven famous deacons of the early Church .
The other six deacons were captured by the Emperor Valerian on August 6 , 258 , and martyred .
The oppression of the Christian Church was very severe , and many Christians fled Rome or died .
As librarian and archivist , Lawrence was thought to have a list of all the members of the early Church , and the locations of all the mythical hidden hoards of gold belonging to the Vatican .
Captured by the soldiers of the Emperor Valerian , he was told to produce all the wealth of the Church .
He was given only two days to bring all the treasures to the imperial palace .
Lawrence gathered up all the diseased , orphaned or crippled Christians on the appointed day , brought them to the palace , and told the startled emperor that " These are the treasures of the Church ! "
According to tradition , for his impudence , Lawrence was slowly roasted on a grill on the site of the Basilica di San Lorenzo in Rome , in the hope that he would publicly renounce his religion and reveal the names of the wealthy Christians .
He is often represented holding a gridiron to memorialize this grisly manner of martyrdom .
Although St. Lawrence was most certainly beheaded and not roasted , the traditions of his being cooked are somewhat stronger than actual fact .
As a result , St. Lawrence is also considered a patron saint for cooks .
There is also the popular story that he was so willing to embrace Christ in heaven , that he did not mind the pain from the fire of his martyrdom , and indeed , he found the strength to tell his executioners " Turn me over .
I am done on this side . "
The courage and dignity of St. Lawrence and many of these other early Christians in facing their death did much to gain respect for their religion in Rome , and after the death of St. Lawrence , there was widespread conversion to Christianity .
His feast day is August 10th .
High school student Justin Gawronski is suing Amazon for deleting his Kindle copy of Nineteen Eighty - Four , because in so doing , they messed the annotations he 'd created to the text for class ( the annotations say things like " remember this paragraph for class " but the paragraph in question has been deleted ) .
The case is intended to become a class - action on behalf of other Kindle owners whose annotations were deleted rendered useless by Amazon when it improperly deleted an infringing copy of the Orwell book from Kindles .
Nothing in Amazon 's EULA or US copyright law gives them permission to delete books off your Kindle , so this sounds like a plausible suit to me .
PDF : UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON AT SEATTLE
( via Engadget )
What is a valid email address ?
There 's only one real answer to this : a valid email address is one that you can send emails to .
There are acknowledged standards for what constitutes a valid email address .
These are defined in the Request For Comments documents ( RFCs ) written by the lords of the internet .
These documents are not rules but simply statements of what some people feel is appropriate behaviour .
Consequently , the people who make email software have often ignored the RFCs and done their own thing .
Thus it is perfectly possible for you to have been issued an email address by your internet service provider ( ISP ) that flouts the RFC conventions and is in that sense invalid .
But if your address works then why does it matter if it 's invalid ?
That brings us onto the most important principle in distributed software .
The Robustness Principle
A very great man , now sadly dead , once said
be conservative in what you do , be liberal in what you accept from others
We take this to mean that all messages you send out should conform carefully to the accepted standards .
Messages you receive should be interpreted as the sender intended so long as the meaning is clear .
This is a very valuable principle that allows networked software written by different people at different times to work together .
If we are picky about the standards conformance of other people 's work then we will lose useful functions and services .
How does this apply to validating email addresses ?
If a friend says to you “ this is my email address ” then there 's no point saying to her “ Ah , but it violates RFC 5321 ” .
That 's not her fault .
Her ISP has given her that address and it works and she 's committed to it .
If you 've got an online business that she wants to register for , she will enter her email address into the registration page .
If you then refuse to create her account on the grounds that her email address is non-conformant then you 've lost a customer .
More fool you .
If she says her address is sally.@herisp.com the chances are she 's typed it in wrong .
Maybe she missed off her surname .
So there is a point in validating the address – you can ask her if she 's sure it 's right before you lose her attention and your only mean of communicating with a potential customer .
Most likely she 'll say “ Oh yes , silly me ” and correct it .
Occasionally a user might say “ Damn right that 's my email address .
Quit bugging me and register my account ” .
Better register the account before you lose a customer , even if it 's not a valid email address .
Getting it right
If you 're going to validate an email address you should get it right .
Hardly anybody does .
The worst error is to reject email addresses that are perfectly valid .
If you have a Gmail account ( e.g. sally.phillips@gmail.com ) then you can send emails to sally.phillips+anything@gmail.com .
It will arrive in your inbox perfectly .
This is great for registering with websites because you can see if they 've passed your address on to somebody else when email starts arriving addressed to the unique address you gave to the website ( e.g. sally.phillips+unique_reference@gmail.com ) .
But .
Sadly , many websites wo n't let you register an address with a plus sign in it .
Not because they are trying to defeat your tracking strategy but just because they are crap .
They 've copied a broken regular expression from a dodgy website and they are using it to validate email addresses .
And losing customers as a result .
How long can an email address be ?
A lot of people say 320 characters .
A lot of people are wrong .
It 's 254 characters .
What RFC is the authority for mailbox formats ?
RFC 822 ? RFC 2822 ?
Nope , it 's RFC 5321 .
Getting it right is hard because the RFCs that define the conventions are trying to serve many masters and they document conventions that grew up in the early wild west days of email .
My recommendation is : do n't try this yourself .
There 's free code out there in many languages that will do this better than anybody 's first attempt .
My own first attempt was particularly laughable .
Test cases
If you do try to write validation code yourself then you should at least test it .
Even if you 're adopting somebody else 's validator you should test it .
To do this you 're going to have to write a series of unit tests that explore all the nooks and crannies of what is allowed by the RFCs .
Oh wait .
You do n't have to do that because I 've done it for you .
Packaged along with the free is_email ( ) code is an XML file of 164 unit tests .
If you can write a validator that passes all of them : congratulations , you 've done something hard .
See the tests and the results for is_email ( ) here .
If you think any of the test cases is wrong please leave a comment here .
How to Lock Your Bike
Proper locking is the first defense against bike theft .
In San Francisco , always use a hardened - steel U - Lock as your primary lock .
Cable locks and cheap U - Locks can easily be cut .
Secure your wheels with locking skewers ( best ) or cable around both wheels .
Lock the U - Lock to the bike frame ( never just the wheels ) and to a secure rack or pole .
Allow for as little space within the lock as possible ; loose locks can be more easily broken open .
Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present .
Research in the Department of Anthropology spans from the emergence of our earliest ancestors to the ways communities sustain their cultures in today ’s globalized societies .
The collections of the Department of Anthropology are a vast and unparalleled resource for inquiry into the cultures , arts , and technologies of the world 's peoples , from deep in prehistory to the present day .
Word has gotten out that the next Need for Speed game will developed by Burnout : Paradise developer , Criterion Games .
The surprise came from EA ’s COO John Pleasants during a William Blair Growth Stock Conference presentation .
This is what he had to say .
“ We ’ve taken the Burnout team and combined it with our Need For Speed franchise .
So we now have that in our favor because that Burnout team is probably one of the more online - centric and notably high - quality game developers that we have out at Criterion . ”
If Criterion Games really is in charge of the next Need for Speed , the franchise is certainly in good hands .
And assuming Slightly Mad Studios is hired for more installments , EA would be able to release a new NFS title every year , similar to what Activision does with the Call of Duty series .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for more updates on this story !
[ Source ]
We are packing the models that we are taking to SIGGRAPH today and I wanted to show you a really cool one .
It is Bathsheba ’s Klein Bottle .
This is a mind blowing model and it is a really distracting object to have about the office .
You see people pick it up , scratch their head and try to wrap their minds around it all the time .
I do n’t know if you can see it properly from the photographs but a Klein Bottle is a “ non-orientable surface ” .
It does not have a distinct ‘ inside ’ and outside .
You can read more about it here or check it out on Shapeways here .
Jamie Waylett apologised to fans after being sentenced A Harry Potter actor has been told to carry out community service after he admitted growing cannabis plants in his mother 's north - west London home .
Jamie Waylett , who plays bully Vincent Crabbe in the film series , pleaded guilty to growing 10 cannabis plants in tents at the Kilburn house .
Waylett , 20 , was ordered to do 120 hours of unpaid work by Westminster Magistrates ' Court .
He was arrested after police found pictures of the plants on his camera .
Police seized the camera after he was arrested for taking a picture of officers as he and his friend John Innis , 20 , drove past , the court was told .
When police searched Mr Waylett 's mother 's home they found the 10 cannabis plants .
Waylett , from Kilburn , played a sidekick of villain Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter films .
Sophisticated system Sentencing him , District Judge Timothy Workman said : " Mr Waylett , I accept that the cultivation of this cannabis was on a small scale , and this was not in any way a commercial venture on your part .
" Nevertheless you used a sophisticated growing system to do so .
" I give you credit for pleading guilty at the earliest opportunity , your co-operation with police and the fact that you are , until now , a man of good character . "
Leaving the court , Waylett said : " I extend my sincere apologies to the producers , cast and crew and all at Warners and most especially to all Harry Potter fans . "
' Sorry and remorseful ' Waylett and Innis were stopped under the Terrorism Act in Lodge Road , St John 's Wood , west London , after the actor took a photograph of a police patrol .
Police found a lock - knife and eight small bags of herbal cannabis in Innis ' car .
Three further bags of cannabis were found at his home in Mays Lane , Barnet .
Innis , who admitted possessing a knife and 11 bags of cannabis , was sentenced to six weeks ' custody in a young offenders ' institution and fined £ 500 .
Speaking for Innis and Waylett , solicitor Cheryl Rudden said : " If I may emphasise that they are both extremely sorry and remorseful for what they have done and certainly would seek to be setting an example . "
Waylett had received a police reprimand and two warnings between 2001 and 2005 while Innis received a police reprimand in 2003 .
No details of the incidents were given in court .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Home Page
Welcome to " TERNARY WIKI "
Since 2004 we are trying to build modern ternary computer that operates trits instead of bits .
All materials here about hardware and software are free in terms of GNU GPL ( and some parts even under PUBLIC DOMAIN ) .
If you wish to have first ternary computer of XXI century at your home fill free to bookmark our home page and visiting us from time to time to see a progress !
Also you can be a part of our community by entering Users and making Contributions .
About " TERNARY RESEARCH CORPORATION "
TRC ( T.R.C. or TERNARY RESEARCH CORPORATION ) was incorporated in June 2012 as New York Corporation and currently located in Silicon Valley , California .
Main purpose of T.R.C. creation was to research possibilities of ternary computers and ternary integrated circuits ( basic ternary logic gates , ternary programming logic , and ternary microcontrollers ) .
We had 1 successful tape - out in 2015 ( CMOS mixed - signal design in 0.5 um tech - process ) .
Our store on Tindie : https://www.tindie.com/stores/TRC/
Our git-repositories : https://gitlab.com/ternary/
Follow us on Twitter : @ternary_info
E-mail : president at ternary dot info
Mailing address :
TERNARY RESEARCH CORPORATION
6017 SNELL AVE # 360
SAN JOSE , CA 95123
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
اگر بدنبال ایجاد پایگاهی در دنیای دیجیتال و کسب درآمد از آن هستید ،
نیمی از راه را رفته اید.
درک اهمیت این
نیاز یعنی نزدیک شدن شما به هدف، پیمودن باقی راه و رسیدن به مقصد را به سپنتا بسپارید .
موفقیت شما در کسب و کارتان مبنای خط مشی های ماست .
call تماس آنی و ارائه مشاوره phone_android شماره همراه یا ثابت send view_module چه کمک ی از سپنتا برمی آید ؟
Tropical Rain Haze , Kush & Grey Goose
Join Date : Jan 2004 Location : Euphoria Posts : 1,251
Last Updated May 28th 2005
Excuse the edit but I can not get pg 38 and see if my quote post worked or not .
Skunk # 1 from Sacred Seeds is a Afghan x Colombian X Acapulco Gold
Original Haze from Sacred Seeds is a Colombian 3 way , Gold X Mauve X Punta Rojas
There were other parents added by other beeders , me included but that is not Original Haze it is a Haze Hybrid
- SamS
The TR Genetic CookBook
AK - 47
Amethyst Bud = Super skunk x Big Skunk Korean x Jack Herer ???
Amethyst Bud = Lavender x Afghani Hawaiian
Apocalypse = Blue Kiev x Apollo 11
Apollo 11 = C'99 x Genius / [ shivaskunk x JH f2 ] x shivaskunk
Apollo 13 = C'88 x Genius [ 10 % Shiva Skunk ]
Avalon = Afghani x Blueberry
B - 52 = White Widow x LionHeart
Belladonna = SuperSkunk x ???
Big Bud = Skunk # 1 x Afghani
Black Bubble = Black Domina x Bubblegum x ???
Black Domina
Black Goo = Blue Bubble Juice [ male ] x Black Bubble
Black Mamba = Blue Bubble Juice x Black Domina
Black Russian = Cherry Ak47 x SomAblaze Blackberry
Black Spice = Silver Spice x G13 x Black Widow
Black Widow = Brazilian Sativa x South Indian hybrid
Blockhead = SWT #3 x ???
Blue Bubblejuice = blue rocker x bubble juice
Blue Goo = blue bubble juice x double g( g13hpx gum13 )
Blue Haze = Original Homegrown Haze x original BlueBerry
Blue Hen = greenhouse SSH x DP Blueberry
Blue Hun = Blue Hen x BGS Blue Russian
Blue Kiev = AK47 x BGS Blue Russian
Blue Rocket = ???
Cherry AK47 x blueberry x Juicy Fruit ???
Blue Russian = orignal Blue Hen x Juicy Russian
Blue Satellite = Blueberry Sativa x Swt # 2 male
Blue Thunder = Blueberry x Matanuska Tundra
Blue Thunder 13 = Blue Hen {female} x MrNice G13HP {male}
Blue Velvet = Purple Thai[ Oaxaca Gold x Chocolate Thai ] x Afghani male
Blue Widow = White Widow{male} x Blueberry {female}
Blueberry = Juicy Fruit ( highland )
Thai x Afghani male
BOG Lifesaver = [ Jacks cleaner x DJ Short 's Blueberry ] x Bogbubble x Bogbubble
BOG BogBubble = WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum
BOG L.S.D = [ ( WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ) X Subcools JCB ] X NYCD
BOG BoggleGum = [ whitelabel BG x BC Seed Co NL # 5 ] x BG x BG x BG
BOG Grape Punch = [ ( WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ) X NL5 ] X [ ( WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ) X Subcools JCB ]
BOG Sour Bubble = [ WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ] X [ WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ]
BOG Sweet Cindy99 = SWT#3 X C99 f2
BOG Blue Moon Rocks = ( WL Bubblegum X WL Bubblegum ) X BlueMoon [ not bluemoonshine ]
BubbleGum =
The lineage is Big Skunk with some NL # 5 [ source = medicine man / OG ]
Bubbleberry = Bubblegum [ female ] x Blueberry [ male ]
Bubblefunk = NL # 5 x Bubbleberry
Bubblejuice = Juicy fruit x bubblegum
Bubba Kush
Buddha = Northern Lights x Shiva x Skunk
California Orange = Thai x [ Afghani x Acapulco Gold ]
Chemo
Cherry Melon = Cherry Ak47 x Jack Candy
Chocolate Chunk
Chronic = NL x Afghan x NL / NL x Big Bud x Afghan
Cinderella 99 = ShivaSkunk x [ sensi Jack Herer x Jack Herer ]
Citrus Skunk = Skunk # 1 x California Orange
CondoLeeza =
Cotton Candy = Afghani x Haze
Cotton Candy = Afghani ?? x Blueberry ??
[ federation knock - off of SWT#3 ]
Critical Mass = Afghani x Original Skunk # 1
DTC99
Delta 9 = Isis [ female ] x Flo [ male ]
DNL = RFK X Hawaiian
Double Bubble = Black Bubble x Double G
Double G = Gum13 x G13HP
DSD =
Early Pearl = Early Girl x Polly {polyanna}
Endless Sky = Iranian Indica x Grenadine
Firecracker = A Willem 's Wonder - dominate Willie D male pollinated two Willem 's - dom pheno Willie D girls
Five O = NL # 5 x Hawaiian Indica
Flo = Purple Thai[ Oaxaca Gold x Chocolate Thai ] x Afghani male
Four Way = 25 % Indica , 25 % Ruderalis , 25 % Northern Lights and 25 % Skunk # 1
Fuma con Diablo[dios ] = Skunk # 1 [ mother ] x Pure Original Haze [ father ]
Gainesville Green [ Micanopy Moonbeam ]
Ghaze = G13 clone X Uber Candy Haze
Glass Slipper = C99 x ???
Grapefruit =
This is a 75 % C’99 x 25 % strong fruity sativa ???
/ steve says it was a clone only ...
Great White Shark = White Widow x Super Skunk
Green Giant = BigBud [ female ] x Shiva Skunk [ male ]
Green Spirit = DP Big Bud x DP Skunk # 1
Haze = Thai x Columbian x mexican x vietnamese ?
Heavy Duty Fruity = Killin Garberville {male} x [ Mendocino Hash Plant x Seattle Big Bud ] { female}
Hollands Hope = Afghani x Skunk
HOG = Kush x Afghani
Ice Princess = Cindy ' 99 {female} x GreenHouse White Widow {male}
Jacks Cleaner = Jack Herer x Lemon
Thai
Jack Flash
Jack Herer = Skunk # 1 x Northern Lights # 5 x Haze
Jackie O = Jack Candy ( @ 87.5 % line - bred ) x Cali-Orange ( also @ 87.5 % line - bred )
Juicy Fruit = Golden Triangle Thai x Afghani [ or ]
Kush
Juicy Russian = Juicy Fruit X AK47
Kali Mist = Haze x Skunk hybrid / cambodian sativa x silver haze
Klitschkov = Blue Kiev x Sudden Impact
Killer Queen = Airborne G13 x C99
Killin ' Garberville = Hawaiian Sativa x Afghani
L.A. Confidential = OG Kush x Afghani
Lavender = Super Skunk x Big Skunk Korean x Afghani- Hawaiian
Leda Uno = [ K.C.33 x Brazillian sat . ] x [ K.C.606 x LEDA ] male
Legends Ultimate Indica = Ortega x Sweet Tooth # 2
Lemon Kush = Master Kush x Lemon Joy
Lemon Skunk = Citrus Skunk x Skunk # 1
Love Potion # 1 = colombian gold x G - 13 sativa pheno
Mango = [ KC special select x KC33 ] x Afghani
Maple Leaf Indica = Female Ortega15 x Sam afghan skunk X male Skunk 18.5
Mazar = {afghani skunk} Afghani x Skunk # 1
Mendocino Madness
Mighty Haze Candy = NCGA Mighty Chemo Widow x Über Candy Haze female
Mr Nice = G - 13 x Hash Plant
Mullimbimby Madness
Neville 's Haze = Thai x Colombian with a 1/4 NL#5
New York City Diesel = Diesel Bagseed ( probably orig , not sour ) X ( Afghani X Hawaiian )
Northern Berry = NL5 x Blueberry
Northern Lights = Thai x Afghani
Northern Lights # 2 = hindu kush x thai
Northern Lights # 5
Northern Lights # 9
Orangina = blue bubble juice x DP Cali- O [ female ]
Orange Crush = AE77 CaliO X DJ Shorts Blueberry
Orange Spice = Double G x DP WW male
Original Diesel = ( SensiNL X MassSuperSkunk ) X Dawg / Chem
Original Gangsta Kush = White Lable Bubble Gum X Sensi Seed Hindu Kush
Ortega Indica # 1 = Ortega Indica x Kush Hybrid 1.2
Peak 19 = Matanuska Tundra x Stonehedge
Princess = [ NL x Haze ] x Skunk Female x ???
male
RFK = NL X Shiva
Romulan = ( Federation ) California X [ White Whino X White Rhino ]
Rosebud
Rosetta Stone
S.A.G.E = [ sativa ??? ] x Haze x Afghani
Shiskeberry = [ Red & Yellow Afghani's ] x Dj Short Blueberry [ male ]
Shit = 3/4 skunk 1/4 Afghani [ same as super skunk ???]
Shiva Shanti 2 = Garlic Bud x Afghani x Skunk x ???
Shiva Skunk = Nevils NL # 5 {basic 5} x Skunk # 1 [ male ]
Silver Haze{sensi} = Silver Pearl x Haze
Silver Pearl = Early Pearl x Skunk # 1 x Northern Lights
Silver Spice = Endless Sky x Orange Spice
Skunk = Columbian Gold x [ Afghani x Acapulco Gold ]
Skunk {sacred seeds co.} = afghani x columbian x thai
Sour Diesal = Mass .
Super Skunk x Chem {dawg}
Sour Diesel = [ ( SensiNL X MassSuperSkunk ) X Dawg / Chem ] X DNL
Sour Saver = [ Sour Diesel 1.5 x Lifesaver ] x [ Sour Saver v1 x Lifesaver ] x Sour Saver v1 x Sour Saver v1
SSSC M39 = [ Basic # 5 ] northern light # 5 X skunk # 1
Strawberry Cough = Strawberry Fields x Haze
Strawberry Spice = Strawberry Cough x Jabberwocky
StoneHedge = Cambodian x Western Winds
Sudden Impact = mr nice g- 13 hp( male ) sensi ' 99 x ak47 ( cherry pheno ) serious seeds ' 97
Sugar Blossoms = white widow [ lemon pheno ] x ???
Sugar Blossoms = Genius female [ JH x unknown sisters ] [ genius , princess , and cafe girl ] X shanti's white widow male
Sugar Klingon = [ Bubblegum x O.Sag Blueberry x Aloha 98 widow] klingonberry x Fig Widow Queen [ Fig Skunk x Aloha 98 Widow x C99 ]
Super Haze = Super Skunk {female} x [ nl # 5 x haze female ]
Super Silver Haze = [ NL x Nevilles Haze ] x [ Skunk x Nevilles Haze ]
Super Silver Haze{greenhouse} = Super Skunk x Silver Pearl x Haze
Super Skunk = Afghani x Skunk # 1
Star Gazer = endless sky x bubbleberry male
Sweet Tooth = Sweetpink Grapefruit x Blueberry {male} x Grapefruit f1 {backcrossed to mother}
T.N.T = [ Northern Lights x Skunk ] x [ Afghani # 1 ] x [ Afghani x Skunk ]
TRC Devestator = Garlic Bud x Skunk
TRC Devestation = [ Shiva {garlic bud} x Afghani ] x Skunk
TRC Tarantula = ???
TRC Texas Mystic = Alaskan Trainwreck x Sweet Tooth # 4
The Pure = This is the original Skunk #1
The Real McCoy = Haze x Skunk [ 60/40 ]
Trainwreck = Afghani x [ Lowland Thai x Mexican / columbian ]
Tropicana #1 = Tropical Treat mother ( mostly Colombian ) X Sweet Tooth BX2 P1
Uber Candy Haze = Vietnamese Black x White Widow Thai and the Hawaiian x Neville 's Haze
Ultimate Moonshine = LUI x Blue Moonshine
White Haze = ??
Juicy Widow x Blue Hen ??
White Rhino = White widow x Afghani
White Russian = Ak47 x White Widow
White Widow = Brazilian x Indian
White Widow = First Lady{mullimbimby madness} x Shiva Skunk
Willie D = William 's Wonder X NYC Diesel f1
Wonderberry = Bubbleberry x Williams Wonder
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Forum Celebrities :
Budder from another Mother = Hollands Hope / California Orange
Breeder : DoobieDuck ( ICMAG )
Kojak = Jack Herer X Killer Queen
Breeder : Budbrain ( CW ) [ by : ISM ]
Limon = [ Double Sour Diesel v2 ( ECSD pheno ) x Citral ] x [ Double Sour Diesel v2 ( ECSD pheno ) x Citral ] x Citral
Breeder : Zeppelindood ( ICMAG )
Rainbow # 4 = [ Hawaiian Indica x Afghani ] x [ Hawaiian Indica x Afghani ] x [ Hawaiian Indica x Afghani ] x [ Hawaiian Indica x Afghani ] x Sour Bubble 1.0
Breeder : Zeppelindood ( ICMAG )
Sour Cali = [ Trainwreck x Sour Diesel 1.5 ] x [ Trainwreck x Sour Diesel 1.5 ]
Breeder : Zeppelindood ( ICMAG )
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This Strain Lineage Has Been Updated and Complied By :
Copyright ©2005 Tropical Rainforest
[ so If I see this printed in any mag other than ICMAG , And Im not credited for my time spent , when I see you .... oooh ....... aaah...... ou ch ! ]
Spread the Info like Seed !
Or refer Others to this post please !
My thoughts and expressions shall not be dictated by a tyrant of any sort .
" Beware , There are Trolls everywhere ! "
__________________
Last edited by Sam_Skunkman ; 07-07-2019 at 06:07 AM
..
What is thought to be Britain 's oldest working television has been tracked down in a house in North London .
The 1936 Marconiphone , thought to have been made in the months that Britain 's first " high - definition " television service began , was tracked down after a competition .
The set belongs to Jeffrey Borinsky , an electrical engineer and collector of antique television and radio sets .
Despite its age , it can show modern TV channels broadcast on Freeview .
Digital UK , the body overseeing the switch to digital television found the set .
The aim was to publicise the message that just about any television , however old , can be used to show digital channels .
Rory Cellan - Jones met Jeffrey Borinsky to find out how the set still works after more than 70 years .
( If you want the backstory , check out my previous articles on Sys - Con and Ulitzer . )
I know I 'm getting tired of it , but here 's a short post to document their latest attack , titled Social Media Marketing Turkish Style .
If their MO is any indication , it 'll be taken down soon , so here 's a snapshot of the page ( . PNG , 2.2MB ) .
Update July 31st , 2009 : Sys - Con has removed the above article and , apparently , all others about me from their site .
You can read the originals in the high - resolution screenshots linked to from my posts .
And I quote :
A couple of months ago SYS - CON Media was attacked by a Turkish blogger by the name of Aral Balkan from within Adobe 's Flex / Flash user community who declared " cihad " [ sic ] against SYS - CON .
SYS - CON 's CEO explained his views on that particular subject in his " Social Media Terrorists " blog , which is an appropriate blog title especially since this man 's religious , ethnic , cultural , and national background fits into FBI 's profile definition of the modern day terrorist .
Not that I feel the need to rehash the whole , tired , ridiculous story , but suffice to say that if I had declared anything of the sort , I would at least have had the proficiency to spell it correctly .
( Alongside that quote is an image of Mehmet Ali Ağca , the terrorist who shot the Pope . )
On the same page are ads by IBM , Sun , Citrix , Unisys , Dell , and Windows .
All of whom support the business practices of Sys - Con Media with their ad money .
So , basically , I 've been defamed yet again by Sys - Con Media .
The rest of the article appears to attack Turkish people in general with gems like :
I could not help but think about the cultural issues surrounding the Turkish way of thinking to exploit any social system .
Turks will never learn to make a straight line and wait their turn like civilized people at a bank , airport or a bus stop .
They do pile up on each other like players in a football game .
They do n't stop at a red light .
I guess now they are playing the social media game , in their own Turkish style .
What I do n't understand is how companies like IBM , Microsoft , and Sun can keep supporting Sys - Con Media with their ad dollars .
Do they not realize how bad it makes them look when their ads appear on " articles " such as these ?
It does appear , however , that Sys - Con can write whatever it likes about anyone – truth , journalistic integrity , etc. , be damned – and get away with it .
Sad .
Update :
They have a second article up titled Adobe 's User Community , Turkish Spammers and Internet Terrorists ( screenshot here ; PNG , 1.7MB ) in which they repeat the same libel against me ( the same two paragraphs as quoted above ) .
It also contains a new masterpiece of literary prowess in the form of the following quote :
I personally think the entire country of Turkey should be isolated from the International community of Internet users until they learn to police themselves and educate their mountain animal spammers .
Update :
And their articles are now being disseminated on Google News , where they come up first when you search for my name .
If this is n't libel , what is ?
( Screenshot of Google News , 140KB )
So if there 's anyone out there who wants to take on this case on a no - win - no - fee basis , please feel free to leave me a comment here as I 've had about enough of this .
Update : And , of course , their " author " " Yeshim Deniz " is also a stock photo ( as discovered by Sir Pete " Sherlock " Aylward ) .
And , no doubt , this goes against iStockPhoto 's terms ( see point 4 in that article ) .
Top of the best Photosites Photography Directory NudistFriends.com -
The best dating site for nudists ,
naturists and exhibitionist to enjoy a natural , nude , naked , clothing free lifestyle
Has Kent Conrad Solved the Public Plan Problem ?
An Interview .
( Earlier today , Sen. Kent Conrad , the North Dakota Democrat who chairs the Senate Budget Committee , introduced a " potential compromise " on the public plan :
A system of federally - chartered co-ops that could offer a non-profit alternative to the for - profit insurance industry .
In this telling , the co-ops preserve the central feature of the public plan -- they 're a competitor to the traditional insurance industry -- but are free from the baggage of government control .
I spoke to the Senator this evening about the co-op model , and he said a few things that surprised me .
First , his search for an alternative was on behalf of the G - 11 -- the key Senate powerbrokers on health care .
Second , it proceeded from the premise that the public plan does n't have the votes .
All Republicans are opposed and , according to Conrad , " at least three Democrats . "
And third , he thinks reconciliation is basically out as a viable option for comprehensive health reform .
A lightly edited transcript follows . )
Tell me a bit about your idea for chartering co-ops in the health insurance market .
Maybe it would be most useful to tell you how I got into this .
The G - 11 group , which is the members of the Senate , Republicans and Democrats , chairmen and ranking members of the key committees , who 've been given the overall responsibility to coordinate health care reform in the Senate , asked me 10 days ago to come up with something to bridge the divide between those who are strong adherents to the public plan and those who are strongly opposed .
The co-op structure came to mind because it seems to fulfill at least some of the desires of both sides .
In terms of those who want a public option because they hope to have a competitive delivery model able to take on the private insurance companies , a co-op model has attraction .
And for those against a public option because they fear government control , the co-op structure has some appeal because its not government control .
It 's membership control , and membership ownership .
Also the co-op model has proven very effective across many different models .
Ocean Spray in the cranberry business , and Land of Lakes in the dairy business , and Puget Sound in the health care business .
How do you respond to someone who says , this is a terrific idea .
More competition is always welcome .
But why instead of a public option ?
Why not do it alongside and let a thousand coverage models bloom ?
Votes .
The problem is this .
If you 're in a 60 vote environment in the Senate -- and I believe we are , because I believe reconciliation simply wo n't work -- if you begin tallying up the votes , I believe that virtually all Republicans are against the public option and some democrats are .
So how do you get to 60 ?
How many Democrats would you estimate are against a public option ?
I do n't know for certain , but I think at least three , and maybe more .
And why do you think that reconciliation wo n't work for health reform .
Reconciliation was never designed to write substantive legislation .
It was designed solely for deficit reduction .
The whole idea was you would change numbers , not policy .
You would change numbers on the revenue side of the equation and the spending side of the equation .
And so , the way it works , under current rules , if you 're in reconciliation , you have to be deficit neutral over five years .
Under the budget resolution , health care can be deficit neutral under 10 years .
That 's a big difference .
Two , under reconciliation , you 're subjected to the Byrd rule .
The Byrd rule says that anything that does n't cost money or save money , or that only costs money or saves money in a way that 's incidental to the policy , is subject to strike .
The result , for instance , is that all the insurance market provisions are subject to strike .
All the wellness and prevention provisions are subject to strike .
The Senate parliamentarian said to us that if you try to write substantive health reform in reconciliation , you 'll end up with Swiss cheese .
Then let 's go back to why this works as a compromise .
I understand why it would be preferable for Republicans .
But for supporters of a public plan , the key advantage is that the public plan is big .
It can negotiate discounts with providers .
In the form Sen .
Rockefeller offered , it can even use Medicare payment rates .
These co-ops do n't seem like they'd have that size or weight .
How would they compete with large private insurers ?
They might have that weight .
One option is for a national cooperative .
That would give it the heft and weight to compete .
But you know , one of the interesting things when we talk to experts is that they say critical mass is probably around 500,000 members .
Puget Sound is probably around 580,000 and they compete successfully against much larger entities .
The experts tell us that there are probably advantages of size up to a point , but after that point , the law of diminishing returns sets in .
Who would charter these ?
What is the process ?
Do I go over to my local health insurance exchange and put in an application ?
The way co-ops typically are formed , people who feel they 're not appropriately served , or not served at all , band together .
They form an organization , elect a board , hire people to do the work , pool their money , and the organization goes forward .
These cooperative entities would provide their contracts through the exchange just like everyone else , be subject to the same rules as everyone else , in terms of reserve requirements , in terms of what kind of contracts they could offer .
People would go to their exchange , they 'd see the option , and if they liked it , they 'd sign up , and then they become one of the members , because every member is an owner .
And they would have elections and that elected board would choose the leadership .
Would there be regulations on how many of these there would have to be in each state ?
We 've not contemplated having that in the health care reform law , but there is clearly an economic requirement in order to have the leverage to negotiate with providers to get competitive rates , you need greater bulk .
That 's where we believe we need 500,000 lives to be competitive .
That 's probably one of the two major items of discussion still remaining here .
They 're various options for consideration if you will .
I offered the G - 11 group three models .
One is state - based , so every state has one .
I do n't think that works frankly .
In states like mine , the pool would n't be big enough .
The second would be a national entity .
That 's probably too limiting as well .
What you probably need is a national entity with state affiliates , and the further flexibility so those states can have regional pools .
So in our part of the country , you might have North Dakota , South Dakota , Montana , and Wyoming go together .
Out east you might have Maine , Vermont , and New Hampshire together .
We 're consulting with experts tomorrow about that .
Where did this idea come from ?
I 've done a fair amount of health care reporting , and this is the first I 've heard of it .
I guess it came out of conversations in my office after we were asked to see if we could n't come up with some way of bridging this chasm .
Part of it is that we 're so used to cooperative structures in my state .
They were begun by progressives , they came out of the progressive era .
And they 're so successful in our state .
So I can't really say we came up with some brand new idea .
We just thought about our own experience .
What has been the reaction of some of your more liberal colleagues to this ?
I think it 's fair to say mixed .
Those who really want public option because they really want single payer , this does not satisfy their position .
Others who really want a competitive insurance model kind of like it .
Others who are looking at how you put together the votes are intrigued by it .
And on the Republican side , a grudging acceptance that this may be one way to increase competition that does not increase government control .
Let me ask you one last question on that .
I understand why this proposal would n't satisfy liberals who want single - payer .
But why does it arouse Republican opposition ?
It seems , in a way , to be very small -r republican .
Because they do n't ... ah , you know , you 'd have to ask them .
It would just be my surmise on why some of them do n't like it .
They really do n't want a competitive model , at least some of them .
From the ' the little beastie is out ' files :
FreeBSD 7.2 is now out and it includes a long list of updates and even a few new features .
At the top of the list is improved memory management with superpages for memory allocation .
No superpages are not A ' yellow pages ' type of printed directory , but rather an improved type of page file memory .
According to the FreeBSD 7.2 release notes , the FreeBSD virtual memory subsystem now supports fully transparent use of superpages for application memory .
" This change offers the benefit of large page sizes such as improved virtual memory efficiency and reduced TLB ( translation lookaside buffer ) misses without downsides like application changes and virtual memory inflexibility , " the release notes state .
From a security perspective the FreeBSD 7.2 release includes 8 issues ( no that 's not many is it ? ) from the FreeBSD 7.1 release .
The desktop side has also been updated on Gnome to version 2.26 and on KDE up to 4.2.2 , which is the first time FreeBSD has included KDE 4.x .
Though FreeBSD 7.2 is just being release now though , PC - BSD 7.1 which is a desktop variant of FreeBSD has been out for several weeks and was already using early versions of FreeBSD 7.2 including KDE 4.2.2 .
Overall FreeBSD 7.2 looks to be a decent incremental update as FreeBSD developers continue to gear up for FreeBSD 8 .
پيوستن نوام چوامسکی و خوزه کازونوا به اعتصاب غذای نيويور ک
در بيانيه نوام چوامسکی ، زبانشناس ، فيلسوف و منتقد بزرگ امريکايی امده اس ت
" اکبر . خبر مشارکت شما در اعتصاب غذا در حماي ت از حقوق بشر و آزادی زندانيان سياسی مرا بسيار خشنود کرده و تحت تأثير قرار داد .
اين هد ف، بسيار ارزشمند است. اميدوارم که قادر به پيوستن به شما در مقابل سازمان ملل باشم " .
نوآم چامسک ی
Akbar .
I am pleased and impressed to learn about the hunger strike in which you are participating to support human rights and release of political prisoners in Iran .
It is a very worthy cause .
I hope to be able to join you at the United Nations .
Noam Chomsky
" من از اهدا ف اعتصاب غذايی که توسط اکبر گنجی در مقاب ل سازمان ملل تشکيل می شود حمايت می کنم .
حقوق بشر مردم ايران بايد مورد احترام قرار گيرد، و زندانيان سياسی آ زاد گردند " .
I support the goals of the hunger strike outside of the UN building in NY organized by Akbar Ganji .
The human rights of the people of Iran should be respected and all political prisoners should be freed .
Jose Casanova
Oscar G. Mayer , retired chairman of the Wisconsin - based meat processing company that bears his name , has died at the age of 95 .
Mayer ’s wife , Geraldine , said he died of old age Monday age at Hospice Care in Fitchburg .
He was the third Oscar Mayer in the family that founded Oscar Mayer Foods , which was once the largest private employer in Madison .
His grandfather , Oscar F. Mayer , died in 1955 and his father , Oscar G. Mayer Sr. , died in 1965 .
Mayer retired as chairman of the board in 1977 at age 62 soon after the company recorded its first $ 1 billion year .
The company was later sold to General Foods and is now a business unit of Kraft .
Mayer ’s first wife , Rosalie , died in 1998 .
He married Geraldine Fitzpatrick in 1999 .
Fibers cultivated from the stems of hemp plants are among the strongest plant fibers from which we can make paper and other textiles .
Because hemp is easy to grow , it is also an eco-friendly alternative to traditional paper .
The process of making paper from hemp is very similar to traditional paper - making methods that start by breaking down the fibers into a pulp slurry and molding them with a deckle .
Making hemp paper is n't a difficult project but does require a set of gentle hands , as the paper is fairly delicate until it has been pressed and dried .
Paizo Announces New System for Pathfinder Roleplaying Game
New " d21 ™ System " and Dice in Stores This August
Paizo Publishing today unveiled new details of the exciting new rules system that will form the basis for their upcoming Pathfinder Roleplaying Game .
The newly christened " d21 ™ System " uses a new 20 - sided die that 's numbered from 2 to 21 .
" Using the old d20 die , you could roll a 20 , but where can you go from there ?
Where ? " asked Lead Designer Jason Bulmahn .
" Nowhere .
Exactly .
With the new d21 ™
System , now you can roll a 21 — one higher . "
Paizo will release new d21 ™ dice along with the new Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook in August 2009 .
" We 're confident that people will enjoy the added excitement afforded by the d21 ™ System , " insisted Publisher Erik Mona .
" It 's clearly better than games that use d20 dice , because it uses dice that can roll one higher . "
For more about the d21 ™ System and the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game , visit paizo.com/pathfinderRPG .
APRIL FOOLS !
OK , so we 're not really using the d21 System as the engine for the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game .
But here are 21 ways we 've improved the core 3.5 fantasy system for the upcoming Pathfinder Roleplaying Game :
1. Grappling a monster no longer requires you to have a master 's degree in combat rules with a minor in spatial mechanics .
2 . Using a polymorph spell does not require 3 different FAQ documents , 4 bestiaries , and a mountain of house rules .
3 . Clerics can actually cast their prepared spells instead of converting them into healing .
4 . Bards do n't suck .
Now they can make you die with laughter .
5 . Monks do n't suck .
When they use flurry of blows they actually hit .
6 . Paladins do n't suck .
Smite evil lasts until your target is dead .
7 . Rangers do n't suck .
You really do not want to be a ranger 's quarry .
8 . Sorcerers do n't suck .
Bloodlines give you a host of cool powers and abilities .
9 . There is now a reason to wear medium armor .
With a good Dexterity score , you can get an AC of 19 by just wearing a breastplate .
10 .
Building the skill list of a rogue 5 / barbarian 3 / assassin 2 now only takes about 2 minutes .
11 . Use Rope is gone .
Climbing a wall requires only one skill check .
12 . Spellcasters do not have to spend a bunch of ranks on Concentration ( or any other skill ) to be able to cast their spells in the middle of combat .
13 .
At high levels , a fighter can cause a character to become blinded and stunned with a critical hit .
14 .
At high levels , a paladin can cure a character that is blinded and stunned with a touch .
15 . Curses , diseases , and poisons are now something that the players want to avoid contracting .
16 .
Putting together an encounter only requires you to add up the XP totals of the monsters you are using .
17 .
You do not have to wear a Christmas tree of magic items to be a successful adventurer .
Monsters are designed with normal characters in mind .
18 .
Creating magic items now comes with the risk of making a cursed item if you are not well - prepared and careful .
19 .
You never , ever have to " de - level " your character .
20 .
With more healing and reusable abilities , the 15 - minute adventuring day is a thing of the past .
21 .
You do n't have to scrounge through secondhand bookstores to find the rulebooks .
The Pathfinder Roleplaying Game releases on August 13th , 2009 in game stores everywhere .
ABOUT PAIZO PUBLISHING
Paizo Publishing , LLC is a leading publisher of fantasy roleplaying games , board games , and speculative fiction .
Paizo's Pathfinder Roleplaying
Game is the most highly anticipated tabletop roleplaying game release of 2009 , with more than 50,000 playtesters and a game system over 30 years in the making .
Paizo's Pathfinder® game lines support the Pathfinder RPG with a variety of adventure scenarios , campaigns , and exciting settings .
Paizo's GameMastery ® accessories offer easy - to - use tools that improve the play of any fantasy roleplaying game .
Titanic Games™ , Paizo's board game imprint , unleashes fun , challenging games like Kill Doctor Lucky ™ and Yetisburg™ that appeal to families and casual gamers .
Paizo's Planet Stories ® presents classic tales of science fiction and fantasy alongside cutting edge works by today 's best authors to create an essential library featuring the finest in speculative fiction .
Paizo.com is the leading online hobby retail store , offering tens of thousands of products from a variety of publishers to customers all over the world .
In the six years since its founding , Paizo Publishing has received more than a dozen major awards and has grown to become one of the most influential companies in the hobby games industry .
Remember this ?
President George W. Bush signed into law Thursday the first major piece of legislation of his presidency , a $ 1.35 trillion tax cut over 10 years .
Of the six senators begging President Obama to slow down health care reform , four of them — Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) , Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) , Olympia Snowe ( R- ME ) , and Susan Collins ( R - ME ) — voted for those huge Bush tax cuts .
Their votes were cast on May 26 , 2001 .
Bush signed the tax cuts into law on June 7 , 2001 .
Here we are in mid-July , eight years later , struggling to get health care reform passed by the end of the year .
So whatever these four foot - draggers are saying about why they want health care reform slowed down ( and Nelson , for one , was all over the place yesterday warning against “ rushing into this ” ) , it ’s not really about wanting to be more deliberative or avoid ballooning the deficit .
All you have to do is look back to 2001 .
Their records speak for themselves .
A Collingwood - area mother says an Ontario Superior Court judge erred when he ruled she used breastfeeding to gain the upper hand in a custody dispute .
Jennifer Johne , 36 , claims her desire to continue breastfeeding her 34 - month - old daughter did not prevent the girl 's father , Carl Cavannah , 43 , from having access to the child .
" For me , it 's not about breastfeeding .
I just feel that a child needs stability and needs one place , " Johne told the Star yesterday .
" It 's not as simplistic as me being some kind of fanatic . "
But in his 53 - paragraph ruling , granting joint custody to Cavannah , Justice Alan Ingram wrote Johne 's unwillingness to give a timetable as to when the breastfeeding would end restricted Cavannah 's exhaustive efforts to play a larger role in his daughter 's life .
" [ Jen ] believed strongly , through medical advice , in the merits to the girl of breastfeeding ; however , the breastfeeding has a secondary impact upon Carl in that it is used as an excuse to restrict his access , " Ingram wrote .
" Jen continues this practice not because of literature that suggests that it is important to breastfeed a child after the age of 2 , but rather because there is no literature suggesting that it is not in the interests of the child to continue this practice . "
Johne and Cavannah began dating after meeting at a wedding on Aug. 27 , 2005 .
In mid-October Johne discovered she was pregnant , a surprise to both .
At the time , Johne lived in Collingwood and Cavannah in Toronto .
By November , communication had broken down and the couple stopped dating .
Their daughter was born on June 13 , 2006 .
In the year and a half that followed , Cavannah , then a teacher with the Toronto District School Board , commuted to Collingwood to visit his daughter .
He eventually quit his job , sold his house and moved to the Collingwood area to be closer to his daughter .
He also began making voluntary child support payments and saving for her education .
Calls to Cavannah and his lawyer , Thomas Dart , were not returned .
Since the December 2008 ruling , the little girl has been spending three - and - a - half days a week with her father , during which time she is not breastfed .
Cavannah now works as a supply teacher .
The Children 's Law Reform
Act stipulates the mother and father of a child are equally entitled to custody of the child .
Justice Ingram ruled Johne did not accept this provision , pointing to an email she sent to Cavannah on Sept. 9 , 2006 : " A baby belongs with its mother , and if you had an understanding of the needs of a fully breast - fed baby and truly had ( girl's ) interests at heart , you would not be bringing the subject up again , " she wrote .
Johne says the email was sent in response to Cavannah 's requests to take the baby for extended visits , including a weekend when their daughter was a week old .
" At first breastfeeding was an issue , but I would never say I 'm nursing her so you can't take her , " Johne said yesterday .
" Nature is set up to protect children by needing them to nurse at frequent intervals .
It keeps them closer to the mother and ... that 's just the way nature is set up , " she added .
Ingram suggested Johne use a breast pump and provide the milk to Cavannah , who could then bottle - feed the baby .
Johne says she tried two kinds of pumps , neither of which works .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The mechanics of a breast pump is just completely different from a baby , " she said .
Toronto - based breastfeeding specialist Dr. Jack Newman says toddlers taken overnight from the mother before they are weaned off breastfeeding could suffer emotional trauma .
From Sex to Assault : What 's Up With America 's Teachers ?
Students subjected to assault , hazing and sex at the hands of their teachers .
June 4 , 2009  --
For a 5 - year - old Miami student who came home from school with a cut lip from being kicked in the face , the bully was n't a playground menace -- it was , she alleges , her teacher .
The preschooler 's offense ?
Using the restroom without permission during naptime .
Miami police arrested Head Start teacher Jean Dorvil , 56 , on child abuse charges .
Miami -Dade Schools Police Sgt. Ivan Silva told ABCNews.com that detectives found during the course of their investigation that Dorvil had allegedly kicked two other students during the school year .
Dorvil 's alleged acts were just one of many headlines this year that about teachers accused of dangerous or , at best , wildly inappropriate behavior inside the classroom and out .
Teachers this year have been accused of punching students and having sex with them , wrapping duct tape around their students and showing up drunk in the classroom .
Some incidents border on humorous – like the Ohio teacher who reportedly resigned after taking four female students to a male strip club .
Others , like the Washington state teacher who was accused of sending a student 's feces home in his backpack , appear to be just plain mean .
" I do n't understand what some of these people are thinking , " said Anthony David Adams , who has made a career out of exposing school wrongdoings by both teachers and students on the Web site DetentionSlip.org .
Adams , who jokingly calls himself the " Perez Hilton for education , " told ABCNews.com that he co-founded the site just over a year ago to shed a spotlight on " embarrassing , crazy situations . "
While in reality schools are still one of the safest places for children to be and the vast majority of teachers are responsible and dedicated , " some teachers are just not thinking as well as they should , " he said .
Francisco Negron , general counsel for the National School Board Association , said that while the group is aware that inappropriate behavior occasionally occurs in America 's schools .
" There will always be the case , as in every part of society , where there are a few bad apples , " he said .
" Those bad apples are not representative of the profession as a whole . "
' How Can Some Grown Man Kick a Child in the Face ? '
In Miami , the mother of the girl who said she was kicked by her teacher , has hired a lawyer and plans to sue Dorvil and the county - run Head Start pre-school program her daughter attended at the Charles R. Drew Elementary School .
Cynthia Blue declined to speak to ABCNews.com but her lawyer , Greg Durden , said that 5 - year - old Mikel has nightmares and is terrified of returning to school .
Durden provided ABCNews.com with a copy of the incident report filled out the day Mikel was allegedly kicked .
Signed by Dorvil and an administrator , the report said Mikel was " agitated as usual " and that " apparently she bit or bumped her upper lip . "
But Durden said they 're lying and that Mikel came home from school that day with blood still on her shirt .
" They did n't even have the decency to clean her up , " he said .
" They did n't even give her first aid . "
Durden said Mikel has not returned to school .
He said he and his client are disheartened that Mikel -- an inner city child -- is now terrified of the place where she is supposed to get a foundation for a better life .
" How can some grown man kick a child in the face ? " Durden said .
" It 's horrible . "
Sgt. Silva said that , while in police custody , Dorvil admitted to kicking Mikel and the two other children .
No one answered the phone at his home .
Adams , whose DetentionSlip.org posts links to stories about inappropriate behaviors -- many of which are user - submitted , said his gut feeling is that most teachers are very passionate about their jobs and very good at them .
" Then you have this other batch of folks , " he said .
" I do n't know why they 're in education . "
He pointed to an outdated public school system and low salaries as potential reasons why these bad teachers are being allowed into the schools .
Adams said school boards should be focusing on bringing in teachers who want to foster creativity and not settle for just teaching to the standardized testing that has become so prevalent .
When the site first started , he said , they had to search for examples .
Now , he said , the submissions come fast and furious .
The site even won Time Magazine 's Top 25 Blogs of 2009 .
" We 've kind of become numb to stuff , " he said .
Feces Follies to an 8 - Year - Old's Arrest
In Maine , the Bangor Daily News reported this week that a jury should decide whether a softball coach was fired illegally .
The coach , Kelly Jo Cookson , maintains that her contract was not renewed because she is a lesbian .
But the school district claims they let her go after learning Cookson allegedly hazed her players in 2005 by making them walk through sheep feces during a team picnic .
According to the Bangor paper , Cookson 's lawyer argued the hazing was only a pretext to the real reason her contract was not renewed -- her sexual orientation .
A district official was quoted as saying Cookson had admitted to the hazing and was punished .
Feces was also a source of outrage in Washington state when , in April , a kindergarten student at Apple Valley School in Yakima was sent home from school with his own excrement in his backpack after he had an accident in the classroom .
The bagged poop came with a note reading " This little turd was on the floor of my room . "
The boy 's father , who only wanted to be identified by his first name , Jason , told ABC's Seattle affiliate KOMO that his son had a few accidents at school previously , but the teacher 's response was unacceptable .
" Why would somebody do this ? " Jason told KOMO .
" It 's disgusting ! "
KOMO later reported that Jason 's son was moved to a classroom in a different school for the remainder of the year and that the veteran teacher had been disciplined , but not suspended or fired .
The mother of an autistic Idaho girl also had harsh words for her daughter 's school when 8 - year - old Evelyn Towry was arrested and charged with battery following a scuffle with school officials over a sweater .
Spring Towry told ABCNews.com in January that Evelyn , who was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome at age 5 , was denied entry to a school Christmas party unless she took off her favorite sweatshirt that had a picture of cow ears and a tail .
Towry said her daughter reacted violently when she was physically restrained from trying to attend the party .
" She said ' I was very scared , ' " Towry said .
" She told me she was being hurt . "
Towry said she got to the school just in time to see Evelyn being led away by two police officers .
" She started screaming ' Mommy , I do n't want to go !
What are batteries ?
What are batteries ? ' "
Towry said .
" She did n't even know what she was arrested for . "
While autism experts criticized school authorities after the incident , Dick Cvitanich , superintendent of the Lake Pend Oreille School District , which includes the school where Evelyn was a student , told ABCNews.com that the school called police because " there was escalating behavior that resulted in what we perceived to be an assault on staff . "
" It 's definitely not typical , " he said of the decision to call police on a child as young as Evelyn , " and not something we particularly want to do or like to do . "
The charges against Evelyn were dropped shortly after her arrest .
' Hot for Teacher ' Indeed
Adams said he sees a few trends in the stories he posts on DetentionSlip.org .
The biggest ?
Teachers having sex with their students .
" Teachers in Florida love to date their students , " he said .
" I do n't know what what 's going on there . "
While Mary Kay Letourneau -- from Washington State , not Florida -- made headlines in the 1990s for having sex with her 12 - year - old sixth grade student and bearing his two children , she became the poster - woman for teacher - student sex .
She 's now married to that student , now 26 - year - old Vili Fualaau , and even cashed in on her notoriety last month by holding a " Hot for Teacher " night at a Seattle bar .
She is no longer a teacher .
But she was far from the last teacher to teach more than just reading , writing and ' rithmetic .
Just recently Florida police arrested eighth - grade teacher Maria Hernandez , 32 , for allegedly having an affair with her 15 - year - old student -- a relationship that was reportedly condoned by the boy 's mother , according to police .
Police made the arrest after Hernandez and the boy returned from a vacation together in Orlando , Fla .
Police said Hernandez admitted to the affair .
Hernandez , a teacher at Our Lady of Charity School in Hialeah , Fla. , has been fired .
" The minute we found out , we took action .
We let her go right away .
We accepted her resignation right then and there , " Principal Xenia Torres told WPLG - TV .
Hernandez 's arrest came a month after an Arizona teacher got caught up in a deadly love triangle with two students .
According to police , 20 - year - old former student Sixto Balbuena allegedly stabbed one of Tamara Hofmann 's current students in the stomach after finding them undressed together in her home .
Balbuena , a Navy sailor who was on leave at the time , was charged with the murder of 18 - year - old Samuel Valdivia .
Negron said he believes the public understands that the actions of these questionable teachers should not reflect on everyone .
" I think people know the difference .
The parents love their kids ' teachers , " he said .
" We know that really good teachers make the difference in a student 's education . "
59 Easy Baking with Kids Recipes
Get the kids in the kitchen and whip up one of these easy bakes to keep them occupied .
Few products have matched the excitement and the hype surrounding Google Wave , the search company 's ambitious realtime communication platform .
Some believe Google
Wave will replace email , while others think it could flop .
We already know that beginning September 30th , 100,000 invites to Google Wave will be released .
But that 's a full two months away - what if you just can't wait anymore to get your hands on Google Wave ?
One developer could n't wait either , so he took the code from the Google Wave API and transformed it into an open - source version of Google Wave , called PyGoWave .
Do n't get your hopes up yet though ; this version is n't quite like the real Google Wave .
An overview of PyGoWave
PyGoWave ( @PyGoWave ) is essentially a rudimentary open - source Google Wave server .
It does n't use the original Google Wave code ( it will be open - source in the near feature ) , but uses the Google Wave API to create a test version of the product .
The project actually started late last month , but has been picking up steam as features are still being implemented .
This is very important : PyGoWave is not a full - featured version of Google Wave , nor does it have the Google Wave interface .
It does have access to a slew of Google Wave gadgets and extensions , though ( read Google Wave Extensions : An Inside Look for info on extensions ) .
As soon as you look at PyGoWave , you can tell it 's not the same interface .
Here 's a screenshot of a wave within PyGoWave :
And here 's a screenshot from the official Google Wave sandbox :
Do n't expect to get the full functionality of Google Wave in PyGoWave ( i.e. it 's really hard to start a Wave conversation ) , but you do get to try out some of Wave 's best features , primarily Wave Gadgets , as almost all of the gadgets available in the sandbox version of wave can be accessed in PyGoWave , including Maps , Wave Rating , and even a Wave Reading app .
Even cooler , you can download them all .
In fact , you can download PyGoWave itself and run it on your own server , since it is an open - source project .
It features downloads and even a wiki for getting started and setting up a PyGoWave server .
It 's not wave , but we 're getting closer
Let 's be clear : PyGoWave is not the open - source version of Google Wave .
It 's an early approximation of the open - source version , based on the Google Wave API .
It 's still not completely usable and is riddled with bugs , but so is Google Wave itself .
We are very appreciative of the PyGoWave team for undergoing this difficult project .
People are very excited about Wave , and the more we learn about it , the better .
The team also promise to keep building up the tool 's features and improving its usability , meaning you can expect it to become cleaner and more usable as time goes on .
Everyone can access this open - source project , so if you want to try your hand at PyGoWave , sign up and then post your username in the comments below .
For the next 30 minutes , I 'll add commenters to to the Mashable Test Wave .
More Google Wave Resources from Mashable
Lumicure is a UK startup with on OLED and ILED based photo - therapy , to treat several skin diseases such as skin cancer or acne .
We first heard of Lumicure back in 2006 .
Lumicure 's CEO , Ian Muirhead , has been kind enough to answer a few questions we had .
Lumicure is a spin - out from St Andrews University and Tayside Health Board ( THB ) .
Lumicure has developed light emitting ( OLED or Inoraganic - LED ) “ sticking plasters ” for treating skin cancer .
They are also looking to adapt innovative lighting technologies into cosmetic applications .
Photo - Dynamic therapy basically means that you apply a certain cream ( ALA cream ) to the tumor ( or the area you want to treat ) .
This creates a daughter compound PP9 which is a light - sensitive material - when light is present , it will release singlet Oxygen which will destruct the tumor .
The current way to do photo - therapy involves large machines , which take a lot of space and several people to manage .
A small plaster like Lumicure 's will enable a much simpler , disposable solution , which is also cheaper .
Q : The last we heard from you guys was towards the end of 2008 .
Any updates ?
Will it require a lot of testing before it actually reaches the market ?
We are in the final phase of developing a production device to medical device qualified standards .
We hope to have this on the market later in the year .
The original research trials which were conducted between St Andrews University and Ninewells Hospital Dundee has been recently published in the british Journal of Dermatology .
We are looking at a range of applications of our ambulatory light sources in both PhotoDynamic Therapy ( PDT ) and Photo Therapy .
We will begin testing these later this year but for competitive reasons I can not go into details .
Lumicure is interested in a variety of light sources for its products including OLEDs and ILEDS .
As well as the core light source we have worked extensively in innovative packaging solutions to make them suitable for ambulatory PDT and Phototherapy applications .
Following on from the original development at Ninewells Hospital and St Andrews University , Lumicure continues to be leading pioneers in the field of ambulatory PDT .
We choose not to comment publically on followers technologies but instead focus on bringing our first product to market and developing our second generation device .
We would anticipate raising additional funding for market expansion in 2010 .
Marijuana is generally considered not to be an addictive drug in the traditional sense — even heavy marijuana users who stop smoking rarely experience withdrawal symptoms .
However , a new study suggests that marijuana smokers can still experience difficulties quitting .
Researchers at the University of Mexico and University of Colorado used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to see that even marijuana users who had not smoked for three days still respond with cravings for marijuana when presented with visual or auditory cues .
The study 's participants were 38 regular marijuana users who had abstained from lighting up for 72 hours .
The researchers used fMRI to observe if and when cravings were stimulated by auditory and visual cues .
When the abstaining marijuana smokers had scripts read to them that evoked imagery of marijuana smoking , were presented with smoking paraphernalia , or both , areas of their brains were activated that suggested they were craving a toke .
Their desire to smoke varied directly with the amount of marijuana - related content — the more the speakers in the script spoke of marijuana , the more the listeners craved it .
The areas of the brain that had the most blood oxygen level dependent signals were the dorsal anterior singular cortex , which processes reward - based cognition , and the amygdala , indicating that emotional processing was also taking place .
The researchers found these responses to be similar to those seen when alcohol and drug users or gamblers are presented with the corresponding stimuli .
The study also found that the exact form of stimulus was less important than its general relation to the drug .
So , for example , when users were shown a pipe , even the participants who did not use one would still show indications of a craving in the appropriate areas of the brain .
Combining visual and auditory cues or , as previously mentioned , increasing the number of references to marijuana , made the cravings stronger .
The results of this study suggest in a broad way that certain kinds of therapy may not actually be so effective for marijuana users .
For example , a heavy marijuana user attempting to quit may join a support group or enroll in a treatment center in which he does nothing but talk about marijuana , which may serve to significantly ramp up his cravings .
However , another study cited in the report found that users that have been abstinent for a while no longer respond to these cues .
Neither study looked at the effects of negative stimuli , such as seeing a joint pulled out of the pocket of a dealer being searched by a police officer .
Nonetheless , the existence of these neural responses suggest that a user who cannot remove himself from a stimulus - ridden environment may find it very hard to quit in the short term .
Dana Bradbury , as has been reported on this blog , is building a home with his wife in the Cottage Home area -- the first new construction since the Near Eastside neighborhood was declared an historic district in 2007 .
Good stuff , yes ?
A spunky little Eastside enclave that 's getting a new lease on life , plus its historic creds .
Bradbury thinks so , too .
He 's been in the Cottage Home area 12 years , and he grew up Downtown , in Lockerbie .
Now an IT consultant , he 's a product of IPS schools ( Tech High ) and he is dedicated to urban living .
He and his wife are raising their family in Cottage Home .
He does n't deserve points for any of that , he says .
But he does expect to be treated civilly by police officers in the city where he lives , and expects that civility to be extended to all residents .
Bradbury 's world view was rattled on April 18 , when an elderly neighbor 's complaint about a pile of bricks escalated into a visit by a hostile police officer that left Bradbury in handcuffs , feeling threatened with violence inside his own home and rattled to his core about police / citizen relationships .
Now , Bradbury and some of his friends and neighbors are asking not only why this particular police officer took a minor situation and made it much worse , but whether " the ( Indianapolis Metropolitcan Police ) department does not recognoize the systemic problem some folks feel exists . "
Here 's an abbreviated account of what happened with Bradbury , his neighbor and the police , as told by Bradbury and submitted in a formal complaint to the police .
Bradbury has also sent his concerns to Mayor Greg Ballard , Director of Public Safety Scott Newman , Indiana Rep. John Day , the police of chief and others .
Yes , he wants this story to circulate .
" The following incident occurrred Saturday , the 18th of April , 2009 , between my neighbor , a police officer and myself , and has damaged the relationship between my community and the police .
" Sometime mid-morning , I had a friend comb the dirt pile behind the house at 1126 East 9th Street ( the address of Bradbury 's new house ) to remove bricks in preparation for grading the yard .
I had the bricks stacked .... on grass next to the city alley .
They were not blocking traffic and were to be picked up later that day by another neighbor .
" That afternoon , my elderly neighbor to the west , Florida Wilbur , whom I have known for years , emerged from her house to yell at me for dumping the bricks on her yard .
She was obviously upset as I tried unsuccessfully to explain the situation to her .
As further attempts ... were useless , I returned to work on my house . "
Twenty minutes later , says Bradbury , the elderly woman 's daughter and son - in - law arrived .
" Uninvited and unannounced , the son - in - law entered my house and proceeded to yell at me without allowing me to explain ... A few minutes later , a police officer arrived . "
The officer entered Bradbury 's house without " asking permission or introducing himself . "
Rather than allow Bradbury to explain , says Bradbury , he told Bradbury he had to remove the bricks .
When Bradbury tried to say that 's what he was planning to do , the officer , he says , accused him of having an attitude .
Bradbury acknowledges he was frustrated and annoyed .
But his concern is that " this officer simply could not let the situation settle . "
The policeman told Bradbury to step outside the house and show some ID .
Bradbury says he asked if he needed ID in his own house , and was told he did .
" When I turned to go into the house to retrieve my wallet , he pushed me against the door and handcuffed me . "
The officer told Bradbury 's friends that , when Bradbury tried to enter the house , he was resisting arrest .
When one friend asked the officer for his badge ID , he , too was threatened with arrest .
By this time , several neighbors and friends of Bradbury 's had gathered , in addition to those who were there initially helping him .
They pleaded with the officer on Bradbury 's behalf .
Bradbury remembers the officer said that one woman 's defense would probably " save me . "
Bradbury cannot get over the irony of the confrontation : the police officer would not permit him to talk , yet when Bradbury attempted to retrieve his ID as requested , the officer accused Bradbury of ignoring him .
It was a lose - lose situation .
" He allowed communication to completely break down , " says Bradbury .
Because Bradbury was never arrested , there is no police incident on file .
However , one of Bradbury 's friends did get the officer 's badge number and they later learned his name -- No. 2126 , J. Walters .
" In a very short time , this man damaged the critical communication and trust that must exist between law enforcement and civillians .
Now every time I see a police officer ... I look the other way , hoping to avoid any interaction . "
The incident also destroyed was what formerly a good neighbor relationship with the elderly woman , says Bradbury .
" This could have been avoided .
The officer had a chance to help us resolve what was essentially a misunderstanding .
He could have acted as a mature mediator and calming force to help us resolve the issue in a respectful manner to all ... "
An isolated incident ?
Bradbury has been talking to neighbors and other East Side residents , and he does not believe so .
" These sorts of encounters are increasing and are making life worse for all of us , citizens and police alike .
The people in our community are becoming more distrustful of the police , and this will lead to more dangerous encounters as the police face an increasingly anxious citizenry . "
For the record : Cottage Home is in the Northeast District for IMPD , although it 's still referred to as the East District .
The neighborhood is bounded by 10th , Oriental and Michigan Streets and I - 70 .
Tech Corner
Tech Corner features technical tips , techniques , and the latest updates to apply when using Allegro CL .
Information in this section is updated frequently , so check back periodically .
Use our News feeds to stay informed about new tech corner articles .
Article Index
We have grouped the articles under the headings below .
The entries on this page are short , with links to a fuller discussion .
In most cases the title is linked .
( Some short entries are complete and have no associated longer discussion . )
http://franz.com/products/express/
Older articles can be found in our archive .
Articles
Many standard Common Lisp functions can be inlined by the compiler , resulting in significantly faster run times , as the function call and return overhead is saved .
However , sometime a function call which looks like it should compile inline does n't .
Consider this function :
( defun foo ( x ) ( declare ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( safety 0 ) ( debug 0 ) ) ( double - float x ) ) ( round (* x x ) ) )
You want the call to round to inline and it does n't .
This note explains why not , shows the tools that assist in analyzing the situation , and provides the solution .
A suite of day and date calculation functions have been added to Allegro CL 10.1 .
The functions perform calculations on the number of days between universal time and on related subjects .
The functions are discussed in the article New day and date functions .
They are documented in Day and date calculation functions in miscellaneous .htm .
Note that the functions are in release 10.1 but not in earlier supported releases , 9.0 and 10.0 .
Allegro CL now allows users to implement websocket server and client applications in Lisp .
The websocket protocol is specified in RFC2045 ( www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2045.txt).
The Allegro CL websocket API is described in Websocket API in miscellaneous.htm .
We give a simple example showing how to implement websockets in Lisp here .
The websocket API module was added by a patch released in August , 2017 and is available in Allegro CL 10.0 and 10.1 .
The recently released Allegro CL version 10.1 has a number of enhancements relating to characters and to external formats .
These enhancements include :
Support for the GB 18030 external format .
The GB 18030 external format is a Chinese government standard which defines the required language and character support necessary for software in China .
See this Wikipedia article for more information on GB 18030 .
See See Basic External - Format Types in iacl.htm for a list of external formats .
Support is provided for ensuring writing and reading characters with the : gb18030 external format are valid .
See the variable * gb - 18030 - transcoding - error- action * for more information .
.
The GB 18030 external format is a Chinese government standard which defines the required language and character support necessary for software in China .
See this Wikipedia article for more information on GB 18030 .
See See Basic External - Format Types in iacl.htm for a list of external formats .
Support is provided for ensuring writing and reading characters with the : gb18030 external format are valid .
See the variable * gb - 18030 - transcoding - error- action * for more information .
Better support for UTF - 16 characters .
16 - bit character Allegro CL ( that is , the alisp , mlisp , and allegro executables , but not alisp8 , mlisp8 , and allegro8 ) stores characters in UTF - 16 .
New operators facilitate the creation of UTF - 16 octets and characters .
These are particularly useful when using characters outside the ASCII range .
The operators include code - to - utf16 - char , compose - octet - array , and compose - string .
. 16 - bit character Allegro CL ( that is , the alisp , mlisp , and allegro executables , but not alisp8 , mlisp8 , and allegro8 ) stores characters in UTF - 16 .
New operators facilitate the creation of UTF - 16 octets and characters .
These are particularly useful when using characters outside the ASCII range .
The operators include code - to - utf16 - char , compose - octet - array , and compose - string .
Better support for BOMs ( Byte Order Marks ) in Unicode .
A new function sniff - for - unicode applied to a stream returns information on BOMs .
The value of the variable * unicode - version * is a string containing the version number for the Unicode Character Database used to build the Allegro CL character name table and collation rules .
And new unicode external formats handle BOMs .
See
The unicode and fat External - Format Types ; the unicode BOM in iacl.htm .
Coming soon via a patch is support for a strict UTF - 8 external format and tools for ensuring all bytes are valid UTF - 8 ( rejecting , for example , invalid multi - byte sequences ) , Keep an eye on the patch list and the release - notes.htm for this upcoming patch .
Allegro CL now runs on the ARM - 64 platform
The ARM - 64 processor ( also called the ARMv8 , the Aarch64 , and the ARM64 ) is a RISC processor particularly adapted to smaller devices .
The Wikipedia description is at en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture and the company which designed the processor describes it at www.arm.com/products/processors.
Allegro CL 10.1 , recently released , runs on the ARM - 64 .
Only the 64 - bit version of Allegro CL is supported .
There are both SMP and non-SMP versions .
Common Graphics and the IDE runs on the non-SMP version .
( CG and the IDE are not currently supported on any Linux SMP version . )
See The ARM - 64 ( aka ARMv8 and Aarch64 ) platform in the Release Notes .
See here in the Installation Guide for information on supported OS 's for the ARM - 64 .
The real - time profiler
A new feature of the runtime analyzer , introduced in Allegro CL version 10.0 , is a real - time profiler .
The existing time profiler estimates CPU time spent in various functions so developers can see which functions would most benefit from optimization , but CPU idle time is ignored .
The real - time profiler takes CPU idle time into account , and reports on the real time spent in functions , both when calculations are being done and when the CPU is idle .
This information can be important for user interfaces , as users simply see delays and do not care whether the delay is because the system is idle ( typically waiting for some response ) or working away .
The difference can be seen by profiling a call to sleep ( this example comes from a Linux 64 - bit non-SMP image ) .
We first use the standard time profiler :
cl-user ( 6 ) : ( prof : with - profiling ( : type : time ) ( dotimes ( i 10 ) ( sleep 2 ) ) ) nil cl- user ( 7 ) : ( prof : show - flat - profile )
No samples have been collected for the specified time profiler .
cl-user ( 8 ) :
Essentially no CPU time was spent and all samples showed idle time and so were discarded .
( If this example is run many times , occasionally a hit or even a few will be recorded : some actual processing is going on . )
Now we try a real - time profile :
cl-user ( 9 ) : ( prof : with - profiling ( : type : real - time ) ( dotimes ( i 10 ) ( sleep 2 ) ) ) nil cl-user ( 10 ) : ( prof : show - flat - profile ) Sampling stopped after 2000 samples taken for the real - time profiler .
Sample represents 20.0 seconds of real time .
Real Times below 1.0 % will be suppressed .
% % self total self total Function Real Time Cum. secs secs calls ms / call ms / call name 100.0 100.0 20.0 20.0 " __select " cl-user ( 11 ) :
All 20 seconds are recorded and all hits were to waiting for sleep to complete .
Specify : real - time as the profile type to get a real - time profile .
The types of profiles are discussed in most detail in the page for start - profiler .
The runtime analyzer in general is discussed in runtime - analyzer .htm .
The interface between Allegro CL and OpenSSL was significantly changed in updates released in July , 2016 .
Before the update , an OpenSSL library was included with the Allegro CL distribution and newer OpenSSL libraries had to be included in an Allegro CL update before they could be used .
Now , OpenSSL libraries are loaded dynamically on startup so Allegro CL and its applications can benefit from new releases as soon as they become available .
See
The new interface to OpenSSL for more information about this change .
New JSON - RPC interface
JSON - RPC is a " lightweight remote procedure call protocol similar to XML - RPC " ( to quote from the website json- rpc.org / ) .
Allegro CL now has an API within Lisp to JSON - RPC .
The module depends on the ST - JSON open source module .
The API was releaased as a patch so Allegro CL must be updated before the module can be used .
See the JSON - PRC API documentation for further information and examples .
New Express avoids ' cannot reserve aclmalloc ' problem
Particular with Windows 10 , but also on other OS 's , users have reported problems when Allegro CL attempts to start : an error with a message similar to " Could not restore the image file " or " Aclmalloc heap has to be relocated " is signaled and Lisp fails to start .
Allegro CL has to map several areas when it starts , two being the Lisp heap and the Aclmalloc heap .
The location of the Lisp heap is flexible but the Aclmalloc heap must be mapped to the location specified when it was built .
Historically , there has been no problem doing this , but , particularly in 64 - bit OS 's , more of the area used by 32 - bit Lisp is being used by the OS ( mapping libraries and such ) .
As a result , it is more common for there to be mapping problems on startup , with messages like the ones listed .
If this happens to you , you can try restarting your computer ( which may change where things are mapped ) but beyond that , there are no easy solutions .
To address this problem , we have created a new version of Allegro CL Express with heap locations more carefully chosen .
Express users should replace their current 10.0 version with the new one , available from http://franz.com/downloads/clp/survey.
This problem has not been reported with 64 - bit Lisps .
Supported users of 32 - bit Lisps should contact support@franz.com if they run into this problem .
Ubuntu Linux ceased supporting 32 - bit libraries and as a result , we believed that 32 - bit Allegro CL would not work reliably on that operating system .
( 64 - bit Allegro CL was not affected . )
So we documented that 32 - bit Allegro CL was no longer supported on Ubuntu .
However , one of our intrepid users figured out how to get 32 - bit Allegro to work and we verified his procedure .
We describe it here .
When a symbol must be package qualified when printed , the system must decide whether to use the package name or one of its nicknames .
In earlier releases , Allegro CL allowed users to choose between the name and the principal ( first in the list ) nickname , but that method turned out to have problems .
Starting in release 10.0 , user may choose exactly which among the name and all the nicknames should be used , with the choice being made per package rather than globally .
We discuss the reason for this change and how to specifiy what to use here .
Alpha blending is the process of combining a translucent foreground color with a background color , thereby producing a new blended color .
Common Graphics on Windows in Allegro CL 10.0 supports alpha blending .
We give some example and further discuss the feature here .
The newly released Allegro CL 10.0 has a new garbage collector implementation .
It allows for using multiple processors ( in an SMP Lisp ) for gc's .
It also has better algorithms for gc'ing the stack .
The new features are described here .
Windows touchscreen support in Allegro CL 10.0
Common Graphics , the windowing system associated with Allegro CL , provides touchscreen support on the Windows platform in Allegro CL 10.0 .
Touchscreen gestures were added to Windows in Windows 7 and are supported in subsequent Windows releases ( such as 8 and 10 ) .
The Common Graphics facility corresponds closely to the Microsoft API and uses similar names for functions and arguments , though adapted for use in Common Graphics and Lisp .
See About Touch Gesture Support in Common Graphics on Windows for more information , links to the touch screen functionality , and a complete example .
There was an update to the Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) API for Allegro CL 9.0 released in late 2014 .
The documentation , EC2.htm , describes the update , which mostly involves using Version 4 signing .
The linked tech corner article briefly discusses the update and then shows a program which can be used to tell how much using EC2 will cost you .
( The progam can be run as a script on UNIX platforms or as a Lisp program . )
You are shown where you must make modifications based on your system .
The article is here .
Mac OS X 10.10 users must update
The new Yosemite operating system for Macs ( Mac OS X 10.10 ) breaks Allegro CL 8.2 ( so it will not start at all ) and also breaks the previously distributed version of the GTK Framework and also breaks the currently installed version of XQuartz .
Users who have not upgraded to Yosemite yet should update their Allegro CL installations with sys: update - allegro or update , sh -u ( from a Terminal in / Applications / AllegroCLexpress.app/Contents/Resources/ or the Download Patches dialog in the IDE before installing Yosemite .
Allegro CL 8.2 users should then install the new GTK Framework as described here in the 8.2 Installation Guide .
Allegro CL 9.0 users simply need to update , as described here in the 9.0 Installation Guide ( updated the GTK Framework is automatic once the update has be done in 9.0 ) .
Note the first two links just above are to the 8.2 Installation Guide .
The second two are to the 9.0 Installation Guide .
The instructions are different so be sure to follow the correct link for your version .
If you have already upgraded to Yosemite and you have Allegro CL 8.2 , the situation is more complicated as Allegro CL 8.2 will not start up .
You must download and install the necessary patches by hand .
See here in the 8.2 Installation Guide for details .
If you have already upgraded to Yosemite and you have Allegro CL 9.0 , Allegro CL without the IDE ( alisp or mlisp ) will start up okay but the IDE will not , so the allegro program will not work until you update .
Use update.sh -u ( from a Terminal in / Applications / AllegroCLexpress.app/Contents/Resources/ to download the necessary updates and then the IDE will work .
You can also update 9.0 by starting alisp or mlisp and calling sys: update - allegro .
See here in the 9.0 Installation Guide for details .
Note all users ( who wish to use the IDE ) must reinstall XQuartz after upgrading to Mac OS X 10.10 , as the upgrade apparently breaks any current XQuartz install .
Get the new version from http://xquartz.macosforge.org/downloads/SL/XQuartz-2.7.7.dmg.
We have collected some recent Allegro CL support question which we feel are of general interest .
We give the question and the response , suitably edited .
Support questions should be addressed to support@franz.comsupport @franz.com .
See here for our recent examples .
New universal date / time parser facility
A new universal date / time parser facility was added by a recent patch .
It defines the new functions string - to - universal - time and universal - time - to - string .
The first function takes a string specifying a date and time in any of a variety of standard formats and returns the corresponding universal time .
The second function converts a universal time to one of those formats .
For example ,
( string-to-universal - time " 20031231 " : format :iso8601 ) => 3281846400 :iso8601 :time-zone-not- specified ( universal - time- to- string 3281846400 :format :iso8601 ) => " 2003-12-31T00:00:00 " ( string - to- universal - time " 20031231 " ) => 3281846400 :iso8601 :time-zone-not- specified ( universal - time- to- string 3281846400 ) => " 2003-12-31T00:00:00 " ( string- to- universal - time " 20031231 " : format :iso8601 : native t) => # nil nil ( string - to- universal - time " 20031231 " : format :iso8601 ) => 3281846400 :iso8601 :time-zone-not- specified ( universal - time- to- string 3281846400 :format :iso8601 ) => " 2003-12-31T00:00:00 " ( string - to- universal - time " 20031231 " ) => 3281846400 :iso8601 :time-zone-not- specified ( universal - time- to- string 3281846400 ) => " 2003-12-31T00:00:00 " ( string - to - universal - time " 20031231 " : format :iso8601 : native t) => # nil nil
This new facility is separate from the existing date - time module but , as the last example indicates , integrated with it .
The date - time module is described in date - time.htm
The new universal date time parser is described here .
Loop over sequence extension to loop macro
A new for - as - in - sequence subclause for the loop macro was added by a recent patch .
It allows iteration over either lists or simple , general vectors .
For example , the function foo defined below will take either a list or a vector as an argument :
( defun foo ( x ) ( loop for y in - sequence x collect ( 1+ y ) ) ) ( foo ' ( 1 2 3 ) ) => ( 2 3 4 ) ( foo # ( 1 2 3 ) ) => ( 2 3 4 )
Without this extension , foo would have to make separate loop calls with lists and vectors .
Note the extension has some restrictions .
See the documentation for further details .
The OpenSSL Heartbleed bug ( see https://www.openssl.org/news/secadv_20140407.txt or just google SSL Heartbleed bug ) is a serious security hole in the Secure Sockel Layer ( SSL ) used for sending private documents over the internet .
Allegro CL has a SSL module which allows Allegro CL programs to use OpenSSL .
There is a patch that implements the OpenSSL Heartbleed fix .
All Allegro CL users should update now and apply this fix .
We describe the fix and how to install it in the associated article .
The last step is applying patches is running the update program update .exe ( Windows ) or update.sh ( UNIX ) .
That program rebuilds the various images in the Allegro directory ( including all supplied with the product ) .
However , because the update program does not take any arguments relating to how the images should be built , default values are used for most characteristics of the new images .
However , it may be important to specify the start and size of the Lisp heap , the start and size of the aclmalloc heap , and the initial sizes of oldspace and newspace .
This tech corner article tells you how to do that .
When mp : process - wait - with - timeout is used with too long a timeout , a sytem can be very unresponsive to error situations , but if the timeout is too short , then it may react incorrectly to expected behavior .
In this note we show how to monitor mp : process - wait - with - timeout by writing a variant function which does monitoring .
( Using fwrap to monitor will result in calls to mp : process - wait - with - timeout made by the system being monitored as well , leading to confusing output . )
The suggested code can be found here .
Major jLinker update
jLinker was significantly modified for release 9.0 and then modified again with a patch released in late July , 2013 .
This new patch is backward compatible with the unpatched jLinker in 9.0 but the change from 8.2 to 9.0 did include non-backward - compatible changes .
The new features in the patch include connection pooling , better socket handling , and improved error hierarchy .
A number of functions have been modified , but all modifications are backward compatible .
See jlinker .htm for a complete discussion of the patch .
The patch is for version 9.0 only .
It does not apply to earlier releases .
Queues are CLOS objects which assist programmers using multiprocessing in scheduling access to data , in order to avoid inconsistent actions on the data by concurrently running threads .
As implemented , queues do not have maximum sizes , and this has the potential of allowing queues to grow so large as to cause application error .
In this note , we describe how to implement a maximum size for queues .
A reminder to users of the importance of regular updates , with discussion of some recent patches and links to downloading instructions .
See here .
The Windows version of Allegro CL now uses Unicode ( two bytes per character ) rather than ANSI ( one byte per character ) .
This provided much more flexibility in language use and locales in Common Graphics applications .
However , a coding bug uncovered after the release necessitates that all users of the IDE on Windows update with new patches using sys:update - allegro or the Download Patches dialog in the IDE .
See here for more information .
We have collected some Allegro CL support question from 2012 which we feel are of general interest .
We give the question and the response , suitably edited .
Support questions should be addressed to support@franz.com .
See here for our recent examples .
Continuing in our series of articles on aspects of Symantic MultiProcessing ( SMP ) in Allegro CL 9.0 , we discuss locks , particularly sharable locks .
In the article , we show how using sharable locks when more than one process can operate independently on data provide more flexibility that process locks .
Click here to see the article .
Allegro CL 9.0 with SMP is now released and available on Windows , the Mac , and Linux .
We will be having a series of Tech Corner articles on using SMP .
In this one , we discuss some atomic operations .
These are special versions of standard Lisp store or read / modify / store operations which are guaranteed to work in SMP .
We will show examples where using the standard operations will fail but the atomic operations will succeed , and give some cautions about what success means .
Click here to see the article .
Allegro CL 9.0 is now released and available .
The major new feature in Allegro CL 9.0 is Symmetric Multiprocessing ( SMP ) , available on Windows , Linux , and the Mac. SMP allows for much more effective use of modern hardware , and potentially can significantly speed up many applications .
This is the first of a series of Tech Corner articles on SMP .
It introduces some of the programming issues and describes how they should be handled .
Click here to read the full article .
From time to time , we report on customer questions and problem reports which might be of interest to users in general .
Here are some things that came up during 2011 .
The AllegroCL Secure FTP ( SFTP ) client module is available from Franz Inc.'s Github repository ( see http://github.com/franzinc/sftp).
It is not currently integrated into the Allegro CL product .
SFTP in Allegro CL can be used to communicate with an SFTP server .
This module is a wrapper around the program PSFTP which is part of the PuTTY program suite .
Since psftp.exe is a 32 bit Windows program , this client module currently is only available for the Windows operating system ( 32 and 64 bit ) .
This module has been tested with PuTTY 's psftp.exe program version 0.60 .
The AllegroCL SFTP client module can do the following :
Copy files to and from remote hosts
Walk remote file structures
Access the file modification time and size of remote files
The Readme.md file which is part of the module documents the implementation .
It is veiwable at http://github.com/franzinc/sftp.
Allegro CL for the Mac needs to be updated ( with new library files ) in order to work with the new Mac OS X Lion operating system ( version 10.7 ) .
Doing a standard update with sys:update - allegro or with the Download Patches dialog in the IDE will prepare you to run on Lion .
Unfortunately , if you upgrade to Lion before doing an update , Allegro CL will not work .
In that case , you must download and install the necessary files by hand .
The files are available here on our current patch LOG page .
( Installation is done by moving the downloaded files to the Allegro CL directory . )
Note there are different files for the 32 - bit Lisp and the 64 - bit Lisp ( 2 each ) and for Allegro CL Express ( one file ) .
See this FAQ item for details .
( The Allegro CL FAQ is located at franz.com / support/faq/index.lhtml ) .
Solr is an open - source freetext indexing / searching platform from the Apache Lucene project ( see lucene.apache.org / solr / ) .
There is a new Allegro CL interface to Solr which is available on the Franz Inc. Github site at https://github.com/franzinc/solr.
This package allows Allegro CL applications to communicate with a running Solr server , add and delete documents , and run queries to retrieve indexed records .
Downloading instructions and other documentation are available on the Github page .
In this earlier Tech Corner entry , we mention the fact that AllegroServe now compresses and uncompresses files on the fly .
It does this using the new deflate module , which we describe in this entry .
( Note this module depends on a system Library which may not be available on all platforms .
If that library is missing , things will still work but files will not be compressed . )
Compression and uncompression are described in this section of the documentation , which includes and example .
Inflation of compressed files was already supported .
What is new is the deflation of files .
Both inflation and deflation are done by special streams which work as text is written or read , as described in the documentation and shown in the example .
Using the IDE or CLIM on the Mac requires installing GTK .
When 8.2 was first released with a Mac implementation of the Integrated Development Environment ( or IDE , see cgide.htm ) , the instructions for installing GTK were long and involved .
We have revised the installation procedure so that GTK installation is a simple three step procedure ( really two steps , but you must download and install patches before the IDE will work ) ,
The new procedures are described here .
( To use CLIM , you must also install OpenMotif , as described in the section after the linked section . )
If you install GTK using the new procedure , remember you must download and install patches and update images .
You have to start a non-IDE image ( alisp or mlisp ) to do so because the IDE image will not start until the images have been updated with the downloaded patches .
This is all described in the linked section .
Express images have been updated already and so will run without an update , though updating is always recommended .
New AllegroServe version compresses and uncompresses files on the fly
A new version of AllegroServe , Allegro CL 's webserver , has been released .
One major change is that compressed transfers are supported for both the HTTP server and client .
Chunking is now supported for SSL transfers .
There are also several other enhancements and the documentation has been improved .
See this section of the Allegro CL 8.2 Release Notes for information on the update .
The AllegroServe documentation is here .
New Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) supports AWS Free Usage Tier
See franz.com/agraph/ec2/ for a description of the EC2 interface .
It has been enhanced so the EBS - backed AMI can be used with the AWS Free Usage Tier .
ASDF ( Another System Definition Facility ) is supported for use in Allegro CL and is recommended over Allegro CL 's own defsystem facility .
ASDF is written in standard Common Lisp .
Version 2 has been available for some time .
An earlier version is shipped with Allegro CL 8.2 , but version 2 is available as a patch .
If you do not have the patch , you can get it by doing an update .
See sys: update - allegro for information on downloading patches .
ASDF is described at http://common-lisp.net/project/asdf/.
From time to time , we report on customer questions and problem reports which might be of interest to users in general .
Here are some things that came up during 2010 .
Four new compiler switches were added in Allegro CL 8.2 .
This note describes them .
New version of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) interface
Allegro CL provides an interface to the API for the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) ( see ec2.htm and see http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/2009-04-04/GettingStartedGuide/).
In mid-May , 2010 , a new version was released for Allegro CL 8.2 only .
This version supports regions .
Because each region has its own identity , the single identity model in the previous EC2 implementation has been revised .
This change has caused several non-backward compatible changes ( the variable * ec2 - identity * has been removed and various argument lists and argument defaults have changed , for example ) .
Therefore , if you have existing EC2 code , it will likely have to be modified .
Be sure to look at the new version release notes at the top of ec2.htm .
Webinars
New Tech Corner articles have been sparse in part because we have initiated a series of Webinars about aspects of Allegro CL .
We have had two so far : a discussion of the Source Stepper in release 8.2 and a discussion of the Plot and Chart Widgets in Common Graphics ( see here for links to past webinars ) .
More are planned .
Scheduled webinars are listed in various places , including http://franz.com/enterprise_development_tools.lhtml and on the main page .
net - xml - generator is a new XML generator module .
It uses the Common Lisp pretty printer and a modified readtable to generate pretty - printed XML with intuitive indentation and line breaks .
This module employs a customized readtable so that XML elements can be marked lexicographically .
Both Lisp source code and XML are trees .
Using this module the logical structure of application code that generates XML maps simply and transparently onto the structure of the generated XML .
The entire vocabulary of Lisp forms ( iteration , conditionals , case , and function calls ) can be employed and freely mixed with the XML generation .
This is a significant difference from the unrelated htmlgen module distribited with AllegroServe .
The net - xml - generator module is opensource and available for download from http://github.com/franzinc/net-xml-generator.
Click here for more information .
The new macro ensuring - compiled - body , which is available in Allegro CL 8.2 and in a up - to - date 8.1 , works like progn in that it executes its body forms sequentially , returning the result of the final form .
But it first ensures the forms are compiled .
Making sure that the forms are compiled in the correct environment is not a trivial problem .
In this note , we describe how that is achieved .
github ( www.github.com) is a public source code repository .
Organizations can maintain repositories of source code under their control which they wish to make publicly available .
Franz Inc. maintains a github repository ( see www.github.com/franzinc).
It makes available software associated with Franz Inc. products , general Common Lisp programs , and utilities ( typically written in Common Lisp ) like NFS for Windows .
Downloading software from a github repository is very easy if you have git installed .
The following command , for example , downloads the source for NFS for Windows :
git clone git://github.com/franzinc/nfs.git
That command puts the download in a predetermined location ( a newly created directory named nfs / in this case ) .
In this next variant , you name the directory ( franznfs at the end of the command -- the system creates that directory which should not already exist ) :
git clone git://github.com/franzinc/nfs.git franznfs
You can subscribe so that you are informed about changes and updates to github repositories including Franz Inc. repositories .
Just click on the Watch icon
git is the source code management system developed for Linux .
It is available from www.git-scm.org.
Symmetric Multiprocessing ( SMP ) , where internal Lisp processes can run on multiple processors , is scheduled to be added to selected Allegro CL images on selected platforms in release 9.0 .
( In current images , Lisp code can use one processor only , although on OS thread implementations like Windows , foreign code called by Lisp code can use additional processors .
These non-SMP images will continue to be available and supported after SMP images are introduced and will be usable without change to user code due to SMP . )
Code that works correctly in the current non-SMP Lisp may fail in an SMP Lisp because since more than one internal Lisp process can run simultaneously , objects can be simultaneously modified by these multiple processes resulting in unexpected results , even when code is protected from being interrupted .
For example , in a non-SMP Lisp , two processes can evaluate
( without - interrupts ( incf x ) )
and when both complete , the value of x will be 2 greater than it was before .
But in an SMP Lisp , the value may be only 1 greater because the two processes could both read the original value and store that value plus 1 .
Therefore code which depends on the object - locking side effect of preventing interrupts in a non-SMP Lisp must be modified to avoid incorrect results if using SMP .
Note that even after SMP is introduced , non-SMP versions will also be available so all programs that work currently will continue to work in the non-SMP versions .
Users who do not intend to use SMP do not need to modify their code ( beyond trivial changes to suppress compiler warnings ) .
Users intending to take advantage of SMP when it becomes available should consider making the necessary modifications now even though no modifications are required until Allegro CL 9.0 .
A patch just released for Allegro CL 8.1 implements new macros suitable for an SMP Lisp and further causes warning to be signaled when current but deprecated macros ( like without - interrupts ) are encountered .
( The warning can be muffled easily . )
The new document smp.htm describes the changes and lists all new macros .
We recommend that all users get the patch and start updating their programs .
See sys: update - allegro for information on downloading patches .
This entry was updated after its initial release to make clear that SMP will be an option in a separate image but non-SMP images that require no recoding of current programs due to SMP will still be available .
Users with programs that will not use SMP will not have to modify their code beyond trivial changes if they want to suppress compiler warnings .
ImageMagick is a suite of tools allowing you to create , edit , and compose bitmap images .
It provides powerful command - line tools to this effect , but also provides a number of APIs to make the same features available programmatically .
Using SWIG , we have generated the foreign wrappers to the MagickWand API .
This note gives a demo and provides further information including download information .
A recently released patch has simplified aspects of running Allegro CL on Windows Vista and will also apply to Windows 7 .
( Windows , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 are all trademarks of Microsoft . )
The standard model for Allegro CL is that all files necessary for Allegro CL are put into the Allegro installation directory , and that these files are then updated as necessary .
Thus new patches and updated fasl files are downloaded into that directory , as are documentation updates .
And when an update requires that new images ( dxl files ) be built , copies of the old images are stored in the Allegro directory and newly created images are installed .
Further , on Windows machines , it is not uncommon for users to use the Allegro directory as a working directory , creating application subdirectories containing their active source files .
Unfortunately , this model conflicts with the new security measures in the latest versions of the Windows operating system .
In these systems , the Progam Files directory , where applications are usually placed , is protected and can only be modified by users with administrator privileges .
This means that the update programs ( such as the function sys: update - allegro and the IDE Download Patches dialog ) will only work if the user running Lisp has such privileges , and that updating after downloading ( with update.exe ) must be run with such privileges .
To be specific , update .
exe asks for administrator privileges and will continue if they are provided while sys : update - allegro signals an error .
Further , using the Allegro directory as a working directory can no longer be recommended ( it is possible but users may find themseleves bombarded by warning dialogs ) .
The recent patch makes the behavior of Vista clearer when running without administrator privileges and fixes problems that prevented it from working at all on Windows 7 ( it has been tested on RC 7 , which is the latest available at the time of writing ) .
The International Lisp Conference was held in Cambridge , Massachusetts , from March 22 to 25 , 2009 .
A number of Franz people were in attendance .
This article is made up from the reports they sent back to Franz Inc. during the conference .
While it is rough and preliminary ( and may contain errors or misunderstandings ) , it does give a flavor of attending the conference .
There are links to pictures and to the ILC website .
The notes are mostly by Duane Rettig and Charley Cox of Franz .
AllegroGraph is a persistent RDF graph database .
Gruff , available on Windows and Linux , is a grapher that displays information on data stored in AllegroGraph .
There are free downloads that allow users to try out AllegroGraph and Gruff .
Gruff can display data is various ways .
Here is a graph view of some movie data :
I must agree with previous answers .
There is no " atheist god " .
An atheist is one who has no belief in any supernatural deity whatsoever .
If you meant to ask about the AGNOSTIC god , then the answer is partially yes and partially no .
An agnostic is one who believes that there is a god , but they have no specific belief as to what god it is , ( ie the Christian God , the Muslim god , the Native American gods , etc )
In the end , an agnostic does in part believe in the Christian God because they have not ruled that God out , but the in the end the Cristian God is not the agnostic god because it is a specific reference .
An apple is a fruit , but a fruit is not necessarily an apple .
music
13 songs will be released as mp3's free with the mod , but if you want to support Ed Harrison , and all the hard work he has put into this 27 TRACK - DOUBLE CD , then we can't think of a better way to spend
Click here --->
In general it's been extraordinary working with Ed for the last 4 - 5 years , mainly because his music has so perfectly captured the mood of the NEOTOKYO world .
There were many times where the motivation to keep devving this mod came purely from putting on headphones and listening to his music .
Definitely
( also big thanks to Jerky - san for hosting the music ) The NEOTOKYO OFFICIAL SOUND TRACK IS NOW AVAILABLE .
- ( SAMPLE PLAYER CLICK HERE ) 13 songs will be released as mp3's free with the mod , but if you want to support Ed Harrison , and all the hard work he has put into this 27 TRACK - DOUBLE CD , then we can't think of a better way to spend $ 11 dollars Click here ---> ( NEOTOKYO MUSIC PLAYER ) to listen to 6 sample tracks .
It will open in a new tab / browser window , ... the music may take a couple seconds to start playing .
Enjoy .
In general it 's been extraordinary working with Ed for the last 4 - 5 years , mainly because his music has so perfectly captured the mood of the NEOTOKYO world .
There were many times where the motivation to keep devving this mod came purely from putting on headphones and listening to his music .
Definitely check his site when you get a chance , ... and also his new band is here
Scroll down for updates .
Last updated on June 6 at 12:01 a.m .
French authorities are urging searchers to show “ extreme prudence ”  before identifying wreckage found in the Atlantic as being from Air France Flight 447 , after Brazilian workers incorrectly publicized they had found debris from the missing plane Thursday .
New reports indicate that Brazil ’s declaration that debris from the missing Airbus A330 had been found was premature , and as of yet no official evidence has been retrieved from the missing plane , CBC reports .
French Transportation Minister Dominique Bussereau said he regretted Brazilian search teams had publicized a recovery of debris from the plane Thursday .
The recovered wooden cargo pallet was never on the plane , officials said .
They ’ve referred to the pallet as “ sea trash , ” of which there is a lot floating around in the ocean .
“ It has been verified that the material did not belong to the plane , ” said Ramon Borges Cardoso , general director of the Brazilian Aerospace Control Department , in Recife , Brazil , CNN reports .
“ It is a pallet of wood that is utilized for transport .
It is used in planes , but on this flight to Paris , there was no wooden pallet . ”
Bussereau later expressed the need for caution .
“ French authorities have been saying for several days that we have to be extremely prudent , ” he said .
“ Our planes and naval ships have seen nothing . ”
Earlier in the week searchers found two trails of wreckage , about 56 miles from one another .
The debris included a life vest , pieces of metal , a jet seat , a 12 mile oil slick and what is believed to be a 23 - foot piece of the plane .
The items were picked up by helicopters and dropped onto three Brazilian naval vessels .
It has not yet been confirmed that any of these materials are from the missing plane , though it has been confirmed , by Cardoso , that the oil slicks are not .
He said the slicks are too big and the quantity of oil found exceeded the amount on the plane , according to CNN .
“ No material from the airplane was picked up , ” he later added .
Probability of finding bodies low
Cardoso said Brazilian teams are focused on finding the bodies of the Flight 447 victims , though the likelihood of retrieval has decreased .
“ With every moment , the probability of finding the bodies decreases because more than 100 hours have passed since the accident and that possibility is more remote each time , ” he said .
The black boxes have not yet been found .
Without them investigators may never know exactly what happened to the plane and whether it was weather , electrical failure , foul play , or a combination that brought down the missing plane .
Currently , Bussereau said , French teams are focused on finding the underwater wreckage and the recorders .
He added that with each passing day , the wreckage underwater will continue to sink into the mountainous underwater terrain and spread out as currents in the area are very strong .
Two mini-submarines will be deployed next week to aid in the investigation , one of which , the Nautile , was used to search the wreckage of the Titanic .
Speculation surrounding crash intensifies
A French agency investigating the crash cited brutal turbulence and an inconsistency in the speed readings as a probable factor in the crash , CBC reports .
Le Monde newspaper released a report yesterday claiming that the pilots of Flight 447 may have been flying at an incorrect speed through violent weather .
According to the agency ’s investigation , a plane must be flying at just the right speed through harsh conditions , too slow and the pilot could lose control , too fast and the plane could break apart .
However , it is not known at which speed the plane was traversing through the storm .
The French Accident Investigation Agency said Thursday that the automated messages transmitted by the plane did not indicate speed , but did show conflicting readings on board , CBC reports .
Airbus recently issued reminders to pilots explaining what to do when on - air instruments give conflicting read - outs .
They said the reminder in no way indicates that improper speed was the official cause of the Air France crash .
It is not officially known what caused the plane to crash and what role , if any , weather played in the tragedy .
Air France Flight 447 disappeared early Monday after submitting four minutes of automated messages that indicated electrical failure and a loss of cabin pressure .
It is believed the plane crashed into the Atlantic Ocean , killing all 228 people on board .
Updates :
CBC reports meteorologists say Air France Flight 447 entered a storm with 100 mph updrafts .
The updrafts acted like a vacuum , sucking water up from the Atlantic , thousands of feet below .
The moist air then quickly rose up to the plane ’s altitude and immediately froze in the - 40 F conditions .
The intense updraft would have also caused brutal turbulence .
Investigators are reportedly now checking whether the plane ’s external probe that measures air pressure may have froze over , possibly because of the updraft , CBC reports .
Cardoso said debris believed to be from the plane has been spotted ( the two wreckage trails found earlier ) but cannot yet be retrieved or verified due to poor visibility and conditions , CBC reports .
“ Aircraft are making visual recognitions on the different contacts but currently I am not sure that those contacts are really part of the aircraft , ” said French air force Colonel Thierry Bon , reinforcing Cardoso ’s claim .
The French navy announced it will be sending a nuclear submarine , the Emeraude , to aid other French and Brazilian vessels in the search .
French Defense Minister Herve Morin said the Emeraude is equipped with surveillance apparatus that may help find the crashed plane ’s recorder , according to CBC .
The sub is n’t expected to arrive on the scene until next week .
Meanwhile , Brazil ’s Air Force flew some of the victims ’ families from Rio to Recife so they could take a tour and ask any questions they may have had .
Any remains found will be taken to the base in Recife , a northeastern Brazilian city .
Much has been made of French prosecutors opening a manslaughter probe into the case .
This is a routine occurence when French citizens die overseas .
Evening :
CNN reports a huge development .
Apparently at least 12 planes traversed the sky along with Air France Flight 447 , around the same time and in the same area , and none reported any seriously foul weather conditions .
Officials are now speculating that mechanical errors were the main cause of the crash , though weather is still thought to have played a part .
One of the main crash theories is that the plane flew through bad weather at an improper speed , even though none of the dozen aircraft reported serious weather problems .
Aviation officials say that weather could still have played a part in the crash since patterns change very suddenly in the region and vary through short distances .
It has not yet been reported whether any of the other planes , besides the Air Comet plane headed by two Spanish pilots , saw Air France plunge into the Atlantic early Monday morning .
Aviation officials also say that no single issue could have caused the crash of such a major airliner .
Many things would have had to have taken place both on board and in the plane ’s surroundings for it to die out and crash so suddenly .
The other planes landed safely at their destinations .
Published online 29 May 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.531
News
Reported ' chameleon ' particle would change its mass to match its environs .
Cosmologists do n't usually take their lead from the animal kingdom .
But a model that postulates the existence of a ' chameleon ' particle — which would change its mass depending on its surroundings — is gaining attention .
Photons traveling from active galactic nuclei , such as at the heart of the galaxy M87 , could reveal the proposed chameleon particle .
NASA / CXC / CfA / W. Forman et al. ; Radio : NRAO / AUI / NSF / W. Cotton ; Optical : NASA / ESA / Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA ) , and R. Gendler
A new paper1 claims to have spotted signs of this elusive particle , whose existence was first postulated in 20032 to explain the accelerating expansion of the Universe , which has been attributed to some unknown ' dark energy ' .
The changing mass of a chameleon particle would modify the range at which its force can act , thus possibly explaining why whatever causes the Universe 's acceleration has n't been detected on Earth .
On Earth , the chameleon would be too heavy to create any noticeable force , but in the tracts of empty space , its effect would be huge .
In theory , photons that travel through magnetic fields can turn into chameleons , reducing the amount of light that reaches Earth from distant sources .
The amount of dimming depends on the light 's frequency .
By comparing light emitted across a range of frequencies from the luminous centres of 77 active galaxies , Douglas Shaw at Queen Mary University of London and his colleagues have found what they call " good evidence " that some photons have gone missing in transit .
" It 's absolutely an interesting way of looking for [ exotic ] particles , and the results are certainly intriguing , " says Frank Wilczek , a particle physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge who was not involved with the work .
But it 's too early to interpret the findings as an unambiguous detection of chameleon particles , he says .
Missing in action
By themselves , the observations of dimmed light by Shaw and his colleagues can't distinguish between models that rely on chameleons and models in which photons turn into other ' axion - like ' particles .
Either " would be an interesting discovery , " says Shaw .
However , only the chameleon model predicts that the photons ' polarizations should be aligned with the magnetic fields they traversed .
So far , the team has studied data on light from three stars in the Milky Way galaxy and in each case found the required polarization3 .
" It 's an ingenious and original technique , " says astronomer Malcolm Fairbairn of King 's College London .
But he adds that astronomers do n't yet fully understand how light is produced in these distant sources , so it is tough to predict the signals one might expect in the absence of chameleons .
Still , the group 's analysis appears to get a boost from an independent study into an unusually high flux of high - energy photons spotted by the MAGIC telescope on La Palma and the VERITAS telescope in Arizona4,5 .
The results have perplexed astronomers because very high - energy photons should be kept from reaching Earth by interactions with the cosmic microwave background radiation .
However , Miguel Sánchez - Conde at the Institute of Astrophysics of Andalucia , Spain , and his colleagues have shown that if the photons convert into axion - like particles for part of their journey , they could reach Earth undisturbed6 .
Bernard Sadoulet , an astronomer involved in dark - matter searches at the University of California , Berkeley , says that the wider community is likely to need more convincing .
" The correct next step , " he says , " should be to get back - up data in the laboratory . "
Time for a change
Amanda Weltman at the University of Cambridge , UK , and one of the originators of the chameleon idea , is attempting to do just that with the GammeV group at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Illinois .
They are shining laser light through a tube with windows at either end that is immersed in a magnetic field .
The chameleon model predicts that some photons should convert to chameleon particles .
When the laser is switched off , the chameleons should slowly turn back to photons and create a faint afterglow .
The experiment has completed its first phase without seeing any signs of a chameleon ; however , the team has not yet searched for the chameleons with parameters that match those possibly sighted by Shaw 's team7 .
The GammeV group is now preparing to test for chameleons in that " interesting range " , says Weltman .
ADVERTISEMENT
With other tests planned to sniff out the chameleon , Weltman believes the particle will be confirmed or ruled out within the next decade .
The European Space Agency 's MICROSCOPE satellite , due to launch in 2012 , will look for chameleon - induced deviations by studying the relative motion of two masses in orbit .
The chameleon particle could also affect how stars and hydrogen gas clouds move in relation to each other under the influence of gravity in galaxies , says Lam Hui of Columbia University in New York . 8
" Those data have already been collected by astronomers , so it 's a question of analysing them , " he says .
Whatever the outcome , the accumulation of strange astrophysical observations signal " exciting times " , says Sánchez - Conde .
" Everything seems to point to something new happening in physics . "
Editor 's note :
The chameleon theory was first proposed by Justin Khoury along with Amanda Weltman .
Both were at Columbia University at the time .
And while the party ’s growing extremism condemns it to seemingly permanent minority status 
Mr. Schwarzenegger was and is sui generis  the Republican rump retains enough seats in the Legislature to block any responsible action in the face of the fiscal crisis .
Will the same thing happen to the nation as a whole ?
Last week Bill Gross of Pimco , the giant bond fund , warned that the U.S. government may lose its AAA debt rating in a few years , thanks to the trillions it ’s spending to rescue the economy and the banks .
Is that a real possibility ?
Well , in a rational world Mr. Gross ’s warning would make no sense .
America ’s projected deficits may sound large , yet it would take only a modest tax increase to cover the expected rise in interest payments  and right now American taxes are well below those in most other wealthy countries .
The fiscal consequences of the current crisis , in other words , should be manageable .
But that presumes that we ’ll be able , as a political matter , to act responsibly .
The example of California shows that this is by no means guaranteed .
And the political problems that have plagued California for years are now increasingly apparent at a national level .
To be blunt : recent events suggest that the Republican Party has been driven mad by lack of power .
The few remaining moderates have been defeated , have fled , or are being driven out .
What ’s left is a party whose national committee has just passed a resolution solemnly declaring that Democrats are “ dedicated to restructuring American society along socialist ideals , ” and released a video comparing Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi to Pussy Galore .
And that party still has 40 senators .
So will America follow California into ungovernability ?
Well , California has some special weaknesses that are n’t shared by the federal government .
In particular , tax increases at the federal level do n’t require a two - thirds majority , and can in some cases bypass the filibuster .
So acting responsibly should be easier in Washington than in Sacramento .
But the California precedent still has me rattled .
Who would have thought that America ’s largest state , a state whose economy is larger than that of all but a few nations , could so easily become a banana republic ?
On the other hand , the problems that plague California politics apply at the national level too .
Two new books argue that taming fire and learning to cook were key in human evolution ( Image : University of New Mexico Press )
THE inhabitants of the Admiralty Islands say that a divine serpent once asked some children to cook a fish .
The children dried it in the sun and ate it raw .
Seeing this , the serpent gave them fire and taught them to cook .
So it is with every culture : the way that humans acquired fire is enshrined in legend , usually involving either a heroic benefactor or a trickster .
In Greek myth , Prometheus stole fire from the gods and was punished for it ; according to the …
First , they attached the metal probes to my hip , and to my sneaker .
Then , two men grabbed my forearms , in case I fell over .
After a deep breath and a final look , I gave the thumbs - up .
That ’s when Taser International chairman and co-founder Tom Smith blasted me with his latest stun gun , the X3 .
It was brutal – like sticking your finger in a socket over and over and over again .
I screamed in pain as he zapped me .
I screamed some more after it was over .
Then I cursed , and put my fingers to the bridge of my nose .
“ Kind of like hitting a funny bone , ” Smith said .
“ Like a good workout . ”
Uh , not exactly .
Five hours later , I was still tingling .
By the company ’s estimate , Taser - wielding police and troops have blasted more than 750,000 men , women and children .
On average , they received a five - second shock .
Which means I got off relatively easy : Mine was just a one - second blast , at 19 pulses per second .
The X3 can fire up to three sets of probes into a single target , generating 57 pulses per second .
The company ’s XREP wireless , shotgun - fired projectile can keep shocking for as long as 20 seconds .
I guess there must be someone out there tough enough or crazy enough to take on that much punishment .
What I keep wondering is :
Who would inflict that kind of pain ?
And under what circumstances ?
We all know that our tools change our behavior .
Give us cars , and we ’ll go new places ; give us iPhones , and we ’ll check our e-mail way more often .
So when we hear stories about grandmothers and kids and handcuffed prisoners and even runaway sheep getting tased , I asked Smith , what does that say about the stun gun ’s impact ?
He and his colleagues gently ducked the question , saying it was up to individual police forces and military units to teach their troops how and when to use the electroshock weapons .
“ All we can do is build in as many features as we can think of , ” said Brian Beckwith , vice president of product development .
“ Any new tool has to have good policy and good training , ” Smith said .
His VP of public relations , Peter Holran , added , “ You ’re not just going to give someone a BlackBerry and expect them to use it . ”
My colleague Steven Levy then asked about that 72 - year - old Texas woman who was tased during a traffic stop .
“ I felt it was justified , ” Smith replied .
“ Just because she was 72 does n’t mean she was n’t strong , ” one his associates answered .
Levy then tried to determine how old a lady has to be before she ’s considered ineligible for zapping .
Holran took it as an accusation .
He said angrily that “ we ca n’t change the U.S. Constitution . ”
After another minute or two , the question was repeated .
Smith said there was no upper age — or a lower one , for that matter .
The only guidance the company gives cops and soldiers is not to use the stun guns on pregnant women , or people with heart conditions or epileptics .
Which seemed to me a less - than - satisfactory answer .
Used right , Tasers save lives , disabling targets instead of shooting them dead .
But the shock weapons are n’t always a firearm substitute .
Tasers are also employed in all kinds of situations in which an officer would never even consider pulling out his pistol .
When that happens , people often get blasted .
And trust me , it hurts .
[ Photo : Shelley DuBois ]
Update : Ben
Hyde suggested I should use the ( undocumented ) “ concentrate ” option to dot , which certainly tidies up the graphs .
So I did .
A remark on the IETF DNS Working Group ’s mailing list got me thinking .
Suppose I were the owner of nordu. net ( to pick an example at random ) , then I could take control of sunet.se , for about 25 % of Internet users , since one of their four nameservers is server.nordu.net .
Similarly , I could then take control of ripe .
net for 25 % of those 25 % ( via sunic.sunet.se ) .
One in seven of those guys could fall victim to my ownership of nic.fr via ns - sec.ripe.net , and from there I have complete control of fr ( that is , France ) – ok , by now , for only a bit under 1 % of the Internet , but even so , that ’s kinda worrying , do n’t you think ?
And obviously if I own sunet.se then it would be more like 3.5 % …
On the other hand , uk does not suffer from this problem : it depends only on nic.uk .
Which seems like a much better idea .
Anyway , I got to wondering just how bad this problem actually is , which led to me having more fun with dot .
So , for a taster , here ’s France ’s dependencies …
And here ’s the UK’s
And here ’s Fiji ( I include this for Jasvir , who is getting married there soon , and ought to know the terrible risk he ’s taking )
And all the top level domains put together
So that one is pretty but a bit hard to digest .
Obviously the main news is that there are a lot of domains which could interfere with one or more TLDs !
Another way to think about this is to wonder who could pwn the most TLDs ?
Well , the answer ( after the root , of course ) is that nstld.com , gtld - servers.net , com and net come in equal first with 228 TLDs pwnable .
Next up is Affilias , through a variety of domains , including org and info , able to control 187 TLDs .
After that comes se ( Sweden ) with 158 and nordu.net , sunet.se , chalmers.se , kth.se , uninett .
no , uu.se , edu , no , norid .
no , lth.se and uit.no , all able to have a go at 157 TLDs .
Food for thought .
Especially if you ’re thinking about DNSSEC .
This is a fact : E3 2009 was huge .
At this year ’s Electronic Entertainment Expo , Sony announced a slew of new titles , that ranged from Final Fantasy XIV to RockStar exclusive Agent .
Other titles such as Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker also arose .
But it seems as though Sony is n’t stopping with their massive on slaughter of titles just yet .
Jack Tretton , President and CEO of SCEA , revealed that 15 first - party exclusive PS3 titles are in development .
That ’s right , fifteen .
What could Sony possibly be planning ?
The fact that GamesCom and Tokyo Game Show are around the corner should also get the heat pumping , as Sony may announce some of the 15 titles planned to be announced .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for all the details on these titles when they are revealed .
[ Source ]
Tap one more nail in the coffin of the “ Liberal Media ” myth , said Glenn Greenwald in Salon .
The Washington Post just fired Dan Froomkin , its liberal “ White House Watch ” blogger , in a “ bizarre ” and suspicious move — newspapers crave online traffic , and Froomkin was one of the Post ’s most - read columnists .
He was a harsh critic of Bush , but he also criticizes the Obama White House .
For the Post , apparently , it ’s “ neoconservative pablum ” or nothing .
That does n’t jibe with the Post ’s recent hiring of liberal blogger Ezra Klein , said Ed Morrissey in Hot Air .
In fact , if partisan politics had anything to do with Froomkin ’s firing , it ’s probably that his column , like all liberal blogs , saw a “ fair decline in readership ” after Obama took office .
Or , for all the gripes about the Post ’s rightward shift , maybe it did n’t want Froomkin ’s “ hawk - like ” scrutiny of the Obama White House .
Maybe the Post is becoming more “ neocon and establishment - minded ” under editorial page chief Fred Hiatt , said James Fallows in The Atlantic , and maybe it is n't .
But there 's no question that the decision to fire an “ independent minded , new media , presumably not - that - expensive , non-Washington - cliquey voice on politics ” like Froomkin is yet another “ self - inflicted wound ” by a struggling old - media stalwart .
The move follows a string of disciplinary incidents at the school , including the case of a pupil who was threatened with expulsion after being caught eating an apple on school tennis courts .
Jeweled Eggs by Faberges Exquisite
These masterpiece eggs are created by jeweler Peter Carl Faberges and they are the most unique and expensive eggs ( not the real egg of course ) in the world .
Made from expensive metals or gemstones and decorated with a combination of enamel and gem , these exquisite eggs can be found in museums and private collections .
Michael Brown 's donation was the Lib Dem 's biggest ever Police are looking into money laundering allegations over the Liberal Democrats ' acceptance of £ 2.4 m from a donor later convicted of fraud .
Michael Brown 's donation hugely boosted the party 's 2005 election campaign , the BBC's Newsnight programme said .
Mr Brown was convicted of fraud in 2008 but vanished before being sentenced to seven years in jail last month .
The party said its auditors were " satisfied that we do not need to make provision for repayment " .
Mr Brown 's victims say the Liberal Democrats were using their stolen money .
Now one of them , Robert Mann , who is already suing the party to get it back , has instructed his lawyers to ask police to investigate whether the party breached the 2002 Proceeds of Crime Act .
Mr Mann , himself a tax lawyer in California , told Newsnight : " The money was used by Mr Brown for something totally opposite to what the purpose of the investment was .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The monies , as we found out , or a big part of them , wound up with the Liberal Democrats , and in my mind anybody that did even a modicum of checking would have known that these monies belonged to me and not to Mr Brown .
" It 's absolutely shocking how any major political party or any political party in England would n't want to return monies that are clearly stolen , absolutely traceable to me personally , and the individual that gave them the money is now a convicted felon . "
City of London Police have confirmed to Newsnight that they have received a complaint against the Liberal Democrats and are still looking into it .
They hope to speak to Mr Mann and his lawyers shortly before deciding whether to launch a full investigation .
The head of the economic crime unit , detective chief superintendent Stephen Head , said : " On the face of it they seem to be serious allegations . "
A spokesman for the Liberal Democrats said : " All our donations from 5th Avenue Partners were received in good faith and were properly spent on the general election campaign .
" Our auditors have seen our legal advice on this matter and are satisfied that we do not need to make provision for repayment . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The housing bust has finally clobbered super - pricey Manhattan home prices .
Reports released Thursday by four major New York brokers show that prices cratered during the three months that ended June 30 .
Prices fell between 13 % and 19 % compared with the same quarter last year .
The brokers found median prices that ranged from $ 795,000 to $ 849,000 .
The decline shows a marked turn from the first quarter of 2009 , when the year - over - year change in median home prices ranged from a loss of 2 % to a gain of 6 % .
Another change in the recent period : More people are buying .
The number of sales picked up by more than 28 % in the second quarter , according to Prudential Douglas Elliman .
Driving the increase were sales of studio apartments and one - bedrooms , both of which gained market share , according to Jonathan Miller , president of appraisal company , Miller Samuel , which compiles data for Prudential Douglas Elliman .
" It 's value - based shopping , " said Pam Liebman , chief executive of the brokerage Corcoran Group .
" People are coming back into the market , but nobody is going to overpay . "
Of course , in Manhattan " value " means studio prices that go for a median of $ 400,000 and one - bedrooms that fetch $ 650,000 .
Long rebound
Despite the bleak report , the ingredients for a recovery are already in place , according to Greg Heym , chief economist for both Halstead Property and Brown Harris Stevens .
But it will be very slow coming .
" There are still risks to the economy , both national and local , " Greg Heym said .
" But job losses have slowed , consumer confidence is higher and the stock market returned more than 30 % during the quarter . "
Furthermore , the impact of the Wall Street meltdown on the New York economy has been less catastrophic than first predicted .
The city has held up well , according to Heym , and now the financial system has started stabilizing .
Heym also pointed out that the foreclosure plague , so damaging to many markets , has never been a major problem in Manhattan .
Co-ops have , if anything , stricter financial requirements than the lenders , requiring buyers to show their assets and come up with 20 % down .
That has meant that few co-op owners are in trouble with their mortgages .
And now , the national housing market may be improving with sales at steady , albeit , lower volumes and home price declines flattening out .
Those are all positive signs for Manhattan .
The housing market may may be at or near the bottom of the cycle , according to Heym .
" But people should n't think that a bottoming out means a quick rebound , " he said .
The high - low
How quick any recovery will be depends a lot on the availability of jumbo mortgages , those exceeding $ 729,750 .
The difficulty in obtaining such loans has hurt sales in Manhattan .
It has caused the strength of the market to switch from the sales of big , expensive homes to sales of smaller , cheaper ones .
" The entry level market did not fall as far as the high end , " Miller said .
" The difference was a jumbo versus a conforming mortgage . "
Conforming loans , the ones bought or backed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , are still available at very favorable rates .
But jumbos , which exceed the loan limits imposed by Fannie and Freddie , have not been .
Manhattan buyers are heavily reliant on jumbo loans because many homes are priced at well over the conforming loan limit .
And it ai n't easy getting such mortgages right now .
" Most banks are requiring jumbo borrowers to put at least 30 % to 40 % down -- some need 50 % , " said Miller .
" Someone buying , say , a $ 4 million home , even with perfect credit and a raise this year , might not have the $ 1.2 million to $ 2 million to put down . "
But there are a couple of positive factors prompting many entry - level buyers to get into the market , according to Bill Staniford , CEO of PropertyShark.com , which compiled Corcoran 's statistics .
One is the first time homebuyers tax credit , the federal tax refund program available to anyone who has n't owned a home during the past three years .
" People say that 's making a difference , " said Staniford .
" And if interest rates continue to climb , that will introduce some urgency . "
Once the economy recovers , the prospects for the Manhattan housing market are good .
The market could quickly tighten again .
There 's little new building going on .
As a matter of fact , not a single building permit was filed in all of February , according to Heym .
Plus , glamorous Manhattan is still drawing residents from all over .
The population of New York , unlike many other old U.S. cities , is still growing .
" In a couple of years , there 'll be a housing shortage again , " said Heym .
This is the mail archive of the libc-alpha@sources.redhat.com mailing list for the glibc project .
Re : PATCH : safe string copy and concetation
To : Christoph Hellwig < hch at caldera dot de >
Subject : Re : PATCH : safe string copy and concetation
From : Ulrich Drepper < drepper at redhat dot com >
Date : 08 Aug 2000 09:43:59 - 0700
Cc : libc - alpha at sources dot redhat dot com
References : < 20000808181701.A29165@ns.lst.de >
Reply - To : drepper at cygnus dot com ( Ulrich Drepper )
Christoph Hellwig < hch@caldera.de > writes : > this patch implements the string functions strlcat and > strlcpy for gnu libc .
This is horribly inefficient BSD crap .
Using these function only leads to other errors .
Correct string handling means that you always know how long your strings are and therefore you can you memcpy ( instead of strcpy ) .
Beside , those who are using strcat or variants deserved to be punished .
-- ---------------. ,-. 1325 Chesapeake Terrace Ulrich Drepper \ ,-------------------'
\
Sunnyvale , CA 94089 USA Red Hat `--' drepper at redhat.com
`------------------------
Of all the numbers attached to you -- Social Security , cellphone , your lucky one -- few are as important as your credit score .
A credit score is a numeric summary of your credit history , ranging from 300 to 850 , and it gives lenders an idea of whether or not you ’re a good credit risk .
If your score is 750 or above , the world is your oyster , purchased with a platinum card .
But try to get a loan with a score below 600 , and the banks will be tighter with their money than your uncle ’s pants after Thanksgiving dinner .
And even if you do get the loan , it will not be at the best interest rates .
Advertisement
Five things make up a credit score : Payment history ( 35 % ) , debt level ( 30 % ) , length of credit history ( 15 % ) , diversity of credit accounts ( 10 % ) and number of new attempts at getting credit ( 10 % ) .
The key to achieving and maintaining a good credit score is balancing all five .
John Ulzheimer , president of consumer education for Credit.com , and Gail Cunningham , vice president for public relations at the National Foundation for Credit Counseling , can help you master the credit juggling act .
They say :
Pay on time .
Late payments are at the top of a slippery slope that leads to collections , judgments and repossessions -- the credit assassins .
Keep debt low .
Just 10 % of your credit limit is preferable .
If that ’s not doable , shoot for 50 % or less .
This is especially important if your credit limits have been cut by card issuers , which can make your account look maxed out .
Advertisement
Be prudent .
Do n’t take the bait for every card offer you get in the mail or for the discount dangled in front of you at a department store .
The more attempts you make to get credit , the lower your score .
Keep tabs on your credit .
A free report is available at annualcreditreport.com .
Check for errors or omissions .
Report any mistakes immediately .
You can buy access to your score at various places , including .
Do n’t be hasty .
Part of your credit history is showing how long you ’ve been able to manage your credit responsibly , and closing an account shortens that .
Mix it up .
Having a car loan , mortgage and credit cards show you can manage several types of credit at once .
Advertisement
--
kataiyero@tribune.com
Our mission is to make it easy to order desk name plates .
There are no hidden charges for extra lines of text or your logo .
Our online wizards let you see your design before your buy .
Welcome to the web ’s leading source for name plates .
We offer dozens of designs .
From our low - cost XpressPlates to our award - winning Obsidian Series , you can see why thousands of organizations order their nameplates from us .
For Captain Nietz , a 27 - year veteran , the biggest indignity was flying hungry .
Delays were so routine that he seldom left his plane all day long , even “ to grab a biscuit . ”
With food service long discontinued , he said , the only bites to be had were “ the occasional peanut  and the airlines charge the crews for bags of peanuts and cheese and crackers . ”
The renewed worries over commuter planes come as passenger airlines , regional and mainline , have achieved unprecedented levels of safety .
Passenger deaths per million flights are down by more than two - thirds in the last 10 years .
The 49 people on board the Buffalo flight were the first in 30 months to die during a scheduled flight on a passenger carrier .
But of the six scheduled passenger flights that have crashed since Sept. 11 , 2001 , only one has been from a major carrier .
Four , including the one in Buffalo , were commuter flights ; a total of 133 people died on those flights .
( The fifth , a 50 - year - old seaplane in Miami , was in neither category . )
And one of the worries about commuter pilots , fatigue , is also a problem for the mainline carriers ; in fact , in some operations , the big airlines are more vulnerable .
They are now conducting flights of 16 hours , across more time zones than a pilot can be expected to adapt to .
Senator Byron L. Dorgan , Democrat of North Dakota , who is chairman of the subcommittee on aviation , said Thursday that the group would hold a series of hearings next month .
He said he was “ stunned ” by the Buffalo crew ’s lack of sleep and relative inexperience .
“ We need to understand , is this an aberration , or are standards sufficiently lax or insufficient , or insufficiently enforced that we need to be concerned about a much broader set of issues ? ” he said .
Image Alex Lapointe , a co-pilot for a regional carrier , says he often flies on too little sleep .
Credit ... Rick Friedman for The New York Times
There is nothing wrong with commuting cross-country to fly , said Roger Cohen , the president of the Regional Airline Association , a trade group ; after all , he pointed out , Capt .
Chesley B. Sullenberger III , the US Airways pilot who ditched his crippled Airbus A320 in the Hudson River on Jan. 15 , lives in Danville , Calif. , and is based in Charlotte , N.C .
NBA Rumors : Draft Combine
The NBA draft combine started yesterday and here are some of the rumors and observations coming out of Chicago ( from Draft Express and ESPN ’s Chad Ford ) .
James Harden might go # 3 to Oklahoma City or # 5 to Washington .
Sacramento # 4 is a no - go because the Kings already have a star shooting guard in Kevin Martin .
James Harden for example has elected not to conduct any interviews with teams drafting outside the top five , canceling a scheduled interview at the Westin Hotel with the Cleveland Cavaliers for example .
He also reportedly will not be conducting any competitive workouts with anyone anywhere in the draft process .
A source close to him tells us he feels very good about the possibility of being selected by Oklahoma City or Washington , and for right now is not planning on visiting the Minnesota Timberwolves .
Most teams we ’ve spoken to in Chicago are indicating that they believe Oklahoma City is indeed leaning towards picking Harden .
They also believe the Thunder are not enamored with Rubio at all , as they are committed to developing Russell Westbrook at his natural position — point guard .
This seems high for Harden , who had a great season but completely disappeared in the NCAA tournament .
He is a very skilled scorer and he should thrive if open shots are created for him by a playmaking teammate .
I do n’t know how good he is at getting his own shot .
According to his agent , Aaron Goodwin , DeMar DeRozan wo n’t be working out against anyone and wo n’t last until the # 9 pick .
“ DeRozan is not working out with anyone .
He is n’t going up against Gerald Henderson or anyone else at this point .
He may not even go to Toronto .
He wo n’t fall to 9 . ”
Ford said that DeRozan looked great at the combine .
DeRozan showed off his terrific athleticism .
But more impressive was the solid shooting display he put on .
While he still is n’t a sharpshooter , he showed range out to the NBA 3 - point line .
For a guy who shot 18 percent from the college arc as a freshman , that has to come as a big relief .
“ As far as upside goes , he ’s second only to Blake Griffin in this draft , ” one NBA GM noted .
“ He has all the physical tools to be a superstar .
The question is — is he Vince Carter or Gerald Green ? ”
NBA scouts are n’t high on Ty Lawson right now .
“ Injury prone ” one assistant GM calls him .
“ A backup point guard … he ’s 100 % behind Jonny Flynn ” another NBA representative says .
“ He ’s a product of North Carolina ’s system ” a third told us .
Lawson seems to be outside of the lottery at the moment , but still has a good chance to be picked by two teams looking for point guards in the late teens , Philadelphia ( # 17 ) and Atlanta ( #19 ) .
I like Flynn as well , but Lawson is a proven winner who was the ACC Player of the Year .
Philly or Atlanta would be lucky to get him .
ESPN ’s Chad Form confirms that Lawson is slipping .
Lawson continues to take a little bit of a beating .
His small stature and so - so performance in the combine did n’t help dispel a growing chorus of scouts who seem to feel that his game wo n’t translate to the pros .
UCLA ’s Jrue Holliday looked great .
He was the biggest point guard of the top group and seemed to tower over several of the smaller guys on the floor .
During one 3 - on - 2 full - court drill , Holiday looked like a power forward running on the wing .
And while his size was impressive , so was his game .
He was hitting his jump shot , finishing with both hands and showing versatility and an excellent handle .
“ I was skeptical when I read the report out of IMG about Holiday , ” one NBA executive said .
“ Now I get it .
That ’s the kid we fell in love with in high school .
He was really impressive . ”
Stephen Curry is getting a lot of love .
Larry Brown is reportedly extremely high on Stephen Curry , and may be willing to trade up in order to get him .
Apparently he views him as being able to play either guard position , even alongside Charlotte ’s current group of point guards , Raymond Felton and D.J. Augustin .
Curry is getting love from teams as high up as Washington and also has a chance to be drafted 6th ( Minnesota ) or 7th ( Golden State ) .
While the Knicks clearly like him , he is n’t the only player they will consider — the other top candidates on their board currently appear to be Tyreke Evans and Jrue Holiday .
Ford says that Curry put on a shooting exhibition .
Curry put on a shooting show — no surprise there — but many GMs commented that he really looked like he belonged when he participated in a number of ballhandling and full - court drills .
If Curry can prove to teams that he can play point guard , he ’ll go somewhere between No. 5 and 13 .
If he can ’t , he could slip out of the lottery .
The results of the first day of camp had to be encouraging .
Ford also said that Jonny Flynn , Eric Maynor and Patty Mills impressed .
The combine measurements were released .
DeJuan Blair is only 6 ′ 6.5 ″ in shoes , but he has a 7 ′ 2 ″ wingspan , giving him an overall reach of 8 ′ 10.5 ″ , which is good enough to tie for 10th - highest at the combine , and 1.5 ″ higher than Blake Griffin’s .
Ford said that Blair was the best big man on the floor .
( Blake Griffin , Hasheem Thabeet and Jordan Hill sat out . )
Blair wowed a lot of people with his new , more toned and chiseled physique .
There seems to be a controversy about how much weight Blair has actually lost , but there there ’s no question that his body looks much better .
I like Blair as long as he keeps his body in shape .
He could be a star power forward or the next Robert “ Tractor ” Traylor .
Gonzaga ’s Austin Daye looked solid .
Gonzaga ’s Austin Daye helped himself the most .
He was flawless in the drills , launching and hitting shots from everywhere on the floor and showing a very high basketball IQ .
B.J. Mullins really helped himself .
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Despite the bright outlook , many migrant workers do not have jobs The World Bank has raised its forecast for growth in China this year from 6.5 % to 7.2 % amid signs that the economy is doing better than expected .
Bank analysts say the government 's four trillion yuan ( $ 585bn , £ 358 bn ) stimulus package has helped the economy .
But it says the country 's exports are still down , as the rest of the world struggles with the global recession .
The World Bank believes the global economy , excluding China , will shrink by about 3 % this year .
" Developments in the real economy [ in China ] have been somewhat better than expected three months ago , " says a report published by the bank .
' No meaningful increase '
It predicted in March that the Chinese economy would grow by 6.5 % in 2009 , several percentage points down on last year 's growth .
But the government stimulus package , and increased bank lending , has protected the economy from the worst effects of the global recession , leading the bank to raise its growth forecast .
" Growth in China should remain respectable this year and next , although it is too early to say a robust , sustained recovery is on the way , " said Ardo Hansson , the bank 's leading economist in China .
But it is not all good news .
China 's export sector has been one of the hardest hit parts of the economy and has still not recovered .
This has led to millions of migrant workers - farmers who leave their villages to find work in China 's factories - losing their jobs .
" We have not had a meaningful increase in exports since last year 's plunge , " said World Bank economist Louis Kuijis , speaking at a press briefing to launch the bank 's latest China predictions .
Some migrant workers who lost their jobs late last year told the BBC they had still not been able to find new jobs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UNCHARTED 2 : Among Thieves
FACT SHEET
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc .
Developer : Naughty Dog
Genre : Action - Adventure Shooter
Players : Single player
Platform : PLAYSTATION®3 computer entertainment system
Launch Date : 2009
Rating : “ RP ” for Rating Pending
OVERVIEW
UNCHARTED 2 : Among
Thieves is the story of Nathan Drake , a fortune - hunter with a shady reputation and an even shadier past who is lured back into the treacherous world of thieves and mercenary treasure - seekers .
The tenth game by premier PLAYSTATION 3 developer Naughty Dog , UNCHARTED 2 : Among
Thieves allows players to take control of Drake and embark on a journey that will push him to his physical , emotional and intellectual limits to discover the real truth behind the lost fleet of Marco Polo and the legendary Himalayan valley of Shambhala .
STORY
In 1292 , after spending nearly 20 years in the court of emperor Kublai Khan , Marco Polo departed China with 14 ships filled with over 600 passengers and crew .
Eighteen months later , when Marco Polo arrived at his destination , only one ship remained and only 18 passengers survived .
Although Marco Polo described every aspect of his adventures in detail , he never revealed what happened to these lost ships , passengers or treasure on board – even on his deathbed .
Drawn in by the potential riches to be found – but most inspired by the intrigue of the historical mystery – Drake embarks on a quest to find the lost fleet .
He soon realizes that Marco Polo was hiding a much bigger secret – he had gone on a secret expedition on behalf of the emperor to find the mythical kingdom of Shambhala ( otherwise known as Shangri - La ) and to recover the legendary Cintamani Stone , the “ wish - fulfilling jewel ” of Buddhist mythology .
The Stone is described by Marco Polo as a massive raw sapphire – if it truly exists , it would be worth billions of dollars today .
This discovery sets Drake on a new course following Marco Polo ’s 700 - year - old trail through a diverse range of exotic environments to find out if the lost city of Shambhala , rumored to lie deep in the Himalayas , really exists .
This quest also pits him against a new , more formidable adversary who is after the same artifact – a ruthless , rogue paramilitary leader with a private army and a relentless ambition to recover the stone for himself .
Utilizing the Naughty Dog Engine 2.0 to blend together the art of cinema and gaming , the immersive action and storytelling is brought to life through technology only made possible on the PLAYSTATION 3 .
Maximizing the CELL processor like no studio has done before as animation , physics , sound , and motion / audio capture combine together to enable gamers to become Nathan Drake and immerse themselves in his extraordinary story as they play .
KEY FEATURES
An expanded cast of characters who reflect different facets of Drake ’s character , including Chloe Frazer , Drake ’s current partner and new romantic interest .
Varied and exotic locations – from lush , green swamps and dense urban environments , all the way to the ice and snow of the Himalayas .
Unrestricted combat allows players to take an aggressive or stealthy approach to combat .
Free-flowing “ traversal gunplay ” adds a unique vertical element to familiar cover - based third - person shooting mechanics , allowing the player to engage in combat from any position in the environment – even while climbing and hanging .
Introduction of new traversal and free - climbing mechanics allow Drake to navigate through the environments more fluidly and naturally .
Gunplay and combat enhancements , including an expanded melee system , and a variety of enemy types with advanced AI routines .
High - quality cinematic presentation of scenes , characters and dialogue , all rendered within the Naughty Dog Engine 2.0 .
Dramatic in - game events that make the player an active participant in the cinematic experience .
Full character interaction with dynamic geometry .
Utilizes Naughty Dog Engine 2.0 purpose - built for the PLAYSTATION 3 ; utilizes the PS3 technology to hit a turning point in technology innovation by recreating reality and capturing human emotion .
No visible loading – a Naughty Dog hallmark – returns along with technology improvements in major game systems such as lighting , shadows , ambient occlusion , animation technology and physics , among many others .
MULTIPLAYER
Robust party system allows players to remain with their friends in matchmaking and custom matches .
Custom matches allow players to customize maps and modes which their party wishes to play .
Currency gained in multiplayer matches can be combined with currency gained in single player missions to unlock additional content and upgrades .
Character animations and environments taken from single player campaign maintain visual fidelity with no degradation .
Gameplay and character mechanics identical from the single - player campaign , ensuring user familiarity and same level of quality
Headset support
Proprietary Naughty Dog Engine 2.0 network code captures a broad range of gameplay data for statistics reporting on the web and for functionality like Cinema , which allows players to watch replays of matches
Cutting edge technology such as cloud - based computing allows for scalable online infrastructure to provide optimal player experience
Competitive Multiplayer
Competitive multiplayer gameplay includes up to 10 players in heroes - versus - villains matches
Deathmatch : Up to 5 vs. 5 with customizable or pre-set game modes
Plunder : Unique style of multiplayer that encourages team work to transport a treasure across terrain horizontally and vertically over obstacles
Player boosters give players a variety of options to customize their characters to their play style or to provide an advantage over opponents
Co-op Multiplayer
Up to three players work together in cooperative modes to accomplish set objectives with increasing difficulty and against special enemy characters
Combo system encourages further teamwork to increase a point total and currency multiplier
Weapon upgrades let players customize their weapons to their play style or provide an advantage over opponents
[ Special thanks to sG4RYt ]
[ Source ]
Origin :
It ’s truly amazing to think that this game was first released in 1979 – I ’ve been playing it for 30 years now !
Developed by Atari and designed by Lyle Rains and Ed Logg , the game cleverly used vector graphics and real inertia physics to convert a simple concept into a classic game .
Concept :
Your little space ship has strayed into an asteroid belt .
With the use of thrusters , a trusty laser cannon and a hyperspace unit , you must move your spaceship in all directions over the screen and avoid the asteroids .
You can go anywhere on the screen and even going off the edge is OK – it just happens to be a wrap around universe .
The asteroids come at you from all angles .
Initially they are large , and are fairly slow .
Once hit they split into smaller asteroids , and these smaller asteroids split again – the smaller the asteroid the faster it goes .
Occasionally a nasty alien ship will appear and start firing at you – he ’ll occasionally hit the asteroids and split them .
The idea of the game is simple – destroy all the asteroids without colliding into them or getting shot by an alien .
Game play :
Wow what can I say .
To really succeed at this game you have to use strategy – firing at all asteroids will fill the screen with a lot of small fast moving asteroids , making it difficult to avoid collisions .
Therefore the game required that you pick off one asteroid at a time , and then deal with the smaller asteroids .
While doing this , you also had to maneuver gingerly ; with real inertia , you often found yourself drifting without realizing it and suddenly you ’d be in the middle of four or five asteroids .
Nostalgia : this is one of the only games that I still play today .
Whether it ’s the ‘ Buck Rogers ’ in me , or I just like the challenge I do n’t know !
You ’d think that after 30 years of playing I ’d either master the game or get bored ; somehow neither has happened – I can sometimes get a mega score , but usually I ’m just average .
I guess I like the fact that it makes me think and keeps my hand - eye co-ordination in tip top condition !
Now if only I could get all that money that I pushed into the asteroids machine back …
I ’d be very rich !
" The fact that he has broken into the top media of the 21st Century is a testament to the global impact of the man and his music .
Supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi gather on the streets of Tehran , Iran to demonstrate against the results of the Iranian presidential election on June 18 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
Supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi carry an injured man off the street in Tehran , Iran to demonstrate against the results of the Iranian presidential election on June 18 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
An Iranian worshiper uses a picture of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi as his prayer rug while other pray during Friday Prayer in Tehran , Iran on June 19 , 2009 .
I( UPI Photo / Hossein Fatemi ) | License Photo
Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks during Friday Prayer in Tehran , Iran on June 19 , 2009 .
Khamenei warned protesters of a crackdown and said the presidential elections were fair .
( UPI Photo / Kamenei Office / HO ) | License Photo
TEHRAN , June 20 ( UPI ) --
At least 19 people were killed Saturday in clashes between police and protesters in Tehran , hospital sources told CNN .
CNN said there were unconfirmed reports the death toll was much higher , at least 150 .
Video posted on the Web showed police using nightsticks , water cannon , tear gas and fire hoses , with some footage of protesters who looked like they had been shot .
Advertisement
The massive protests occurred despite a warning Friday from Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , that opposition presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi and other anti-government leaders could be held liable for any damage done by demonstrators .
Most of the demonstrations since the government proclaimed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had defeated Mousavi 2 - 1 in last week 's presidential election have been peaceful .
On Saturday , some protesters fought back when police confronted them , witnesses told The New York Times .
Press TV , a government - run broadcaster , reported the government saying 300 police officers had been injured .
Brig .
Gen. Ahmad - Reza Radan , the acting police chief , told the Fars News Agency police had received about 2,000 complaints from people asking for vigorous action against the protesters .
Khamenei , in a speech during Friday prayers , said Ahmadinejad had won an " overwhelming victory " and banned any further demonstrations .
We always thought that if this blogging thing did n't work out we'd get a job in an air traffic control tower , but a 99 cent iPhone app has quickly relieved us of that notion .
Flight Control , an incredibly stressful cool air traffic control game developed by Australia 's Firemint , has brought out the airplane geek in all of us .
Some 700,000 Nick Falzone wannabes have downloaded the app since its release in March , and at one time or another it's been the number one paid download in a dozen countries .
Not bad for a game Firemint CEO Rob Murray says took three weeks and $ 50,000 to develop .
" This has by far been the simplest game we 've ever put out , " he told the Sydney Morning Herald .
" I believe that 's brought in those people who have n't played games before . "
Part of what makes Flight Control so much fun is that even an idiot can play - and you trolls can spare us your jokes .
All you do is use your finger to drag planes across the screen to the proper runway without crashing into another plane .
Yes , it 's just that simple .
And it 's damned addicting .
We wo n't tell you how many hours we 've wasted playing this damn lovely game , but it 's safe to say there 's been a significant erosion in workplace productivity .
One of us even forgot mom's birthday .
We 're gonna buy her a copy to make up for it .
Despite all those hours spent , we suck at this game .
It 's shameful , actually .
We can't even get 100 planes landed without a crash .
If you 've been playing FlightControl for even a few days , you 're probably better far better than we are .
But are you better than your fellow Autopians ?
We want to know .
If you 've downloaded the game , give it your best shot and post a screenshot of your high score using the Reddit widget below .
The highest score wins a prize if you include your e-mail address .
Once again for those of you in the back row :
If you do n't tell us how to reach you , we can't give you a prize .
And do n't try any Photoshop tomfoolery , because we 'll figure it out .
Somehow .
We 'll announce the top dog next Friday and pull something out of the ol ' Autopia Prize Closet .
It wo n't be an iPhone .
Or a plane .
But it will be something cool .
We promise .
Screencaps by Dave Demerjian
**
OK , it 's your turn .
Post your high score ...
** UPDATE , Saturday 1:30 pm * -
We are having problems with the Reddit widget .
For now , please email your screenshots to Dave ( link at top of post ) . *
Submit a score
While you can submit as many scores as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
German petition against Internet censorship attracts attention
A petition against Internet censorship launched on the petition web site of the German parliament has recently gained a lot of attention , and consequently , a lot of signatures .
The subject of the petition is a proposal of the German federal police , which aims to introduce an infrastructure using which the government can block arbitrary sites on the infrastructure of all ISPs in Germany .
The basic idea is that if cases of child pornography or similar are brought to the attention of the federal police , the sites are added to a blacklist .
This blacklist is then distributed to all ISPs in Germany , which consequently have to redirect the users to a server of the federal government using DNS spoofing .
This server will then record the IP address of the person visiting the site as a suspected consumer of pornographic material involving minors .
Ineffective measures
The Chaos Computer Club , as well as a lot of other organizations and computer magazines such as c’t , have already protested against the proposal , calling it ineffective — which is indeed the case .
Any potential consumer of child pornography can simply configure their own name server or set one of a server hosted by a friend or not located in Germany , thus escaping the measure .
Also , the whole material remains on the Internet , for everybody not living in Germany to see .
In order to stop the abuse of the children in question , the only effective measure would be to ask the content provider , which means the company providing hosting or housing to the web site owner , to take down the web site .
Experience shows that in the vast majority of cases , this happens immediately .
Moreover , the proposal will simply not work , for a very simple reason .
What the German government wants to impose here is simple basic DNS spoofing , just like the DNS spoofing attack presented by Dan Kaminsky .
Since susceptibility to DNS spoofing is a serious security issue , measures have been proposed and built into major DNS servers and clients now .
The principle , nowadays known as DNSSEC , is a simple public key infrastructure by the means of which every DNS zone owner ( i.e. every person hosting host name records for a domain ) signs their zone digitally using a so - called zone key .
The public part of this key is then published to a special , cryptographically secured , service which can then subsequently be queried for such keys .
If the presence of the DNS Security extension is detected on a domain , the client host will then request the public key and verify the signature of the queried data .
Since there is no way the federal police could forge such a signature , the modified DNS data would be noticed immediately and cause an error to be displayed to the user .
But not only will this ruin the use case of finding people visiting child pornography sites , it will also potentially affect other data in the same zone , thus having a serious effect on the end user experience .
Creating terrorists
Another case which could be brought against these measures is that they enable an arbitrary attacker to generate terrorists .
The procedure is very easy to implement , hard to notice and can be used by any random home page owner .
The only thing one needs to do is to include a small iframe or image on one ’s home page which leads to a server on the child pornography block list .
This will get every visitor of the web site onto the list of suspected consumers of child pornographic material .
If this appears too offensive , it is possible to have a server side include or CGI script which only includes the iframe or image every once in a while .
This will make the mechanism very hard to detect .
Another method would be to include an URL to the site in a banner exchange facility .
This would mark a small fraction of the visitors of every web site which is a member of the banner exchange as a suspected consumer of child pornographic material .
As a summary , the mechanisms are very easy to overcome and carry a massive inherent potential for abuse .
( The government could for example block the web sites of political activists , automatically , and nobody would be able to tell . )
The fact that the governmental agencies threatened to sue everybody who receives , owns or publishes a copy of the list does not really help to establish the trust that this list will not be abused for somebody ’s agenda .
References
If you want to help fighting this , here are some links :
A Tibetan exile group in Northern India ( whose work I 've reported on previously for Boing Boing , WIRED , and NPR ) is seeking used voice recording gear for an upstart independent community radio station .
At left , a photo I shot of Phuntsok Dorjee with a fellow volunteer , setting up a wireless network relay point inside a tribal family 's garage on the top of a mountain at the southern edge of the Himalayas .
Goats and routers , under the same roof , not far from the Tibetan Government in Exile 's home of Dharamsala , India .
Phuntsok says ,
" We have 10 students in the radio team but have only 2 Sony IC voice recorders .
A friend of the organization will be in San Francisco sometime in early July on his way to India and he can bring for us the voice recorder if we manage to get some . "
Got any used voice recorders , or related gear you 're not using ?
Email him at : phuntsok at tcv.org.in .
These are good folks , doing innovative work without a lot of resources .
Related : A Wireless Network for ' Little Lhasa ' ( Xeni on NPR )
" I 'm against ignorance .
I 'm against sloppy , emotional thinking .
I 'm against fashionable thinking .
I am against the whole cliché of the moment . "
- Herman Kahn
Democracy is overrated .
Boston mayoral aspirant Sam Yoon learned that lesson recently .
Outlining some ideas in his campaign announcement , Yoon said , " We need to talk about what it would mean to go back to an elected School Committee . "
From the reaction , you 'd have thought Yoon had said he enjoyed abusing puppies .
Both daily papers here thundered their disapproval .
" Astonishing ignorance , " editorialized the Herald .
" Bury this bad idea , " added the Globe .
Yoon , stung and seemingly chastened , quickly backtracked , offering a mealy - mouthed explanation that he did n't really support an elected committee but that it should be " part of the discussion " -- whatever that means .
But really , what 's so bad about electing school committees ?
Many cities and towns in Massachusetts do so , and they 're popular around the country as well .
Not in Boston , however .
City residents used to elect their School Committee , but in 1992 , Mayor Ray Flynn spearheaded an effort to take that power away from voters and put it in the hands of the mayor .
That appointed School Committee -- now just seven members instead of its original 13 -- survived a referendum in 1996 .
The whole thing seemed settled , until Yoon ( or at least Yoon , Version I ) saw fit to challenge it .
The reason given then , and now , for abolishing the elected committee is that its members behaved , not surprisingly , like politicians .
Observers compared them to the Three Stooges .
Meetings were often off - point , some members were corrupt , education took a back seat to patronage , and the budget mostly ran at a deficit .
That certainly sounds terrible , until one considers that many of the same charges could be made against any elected body .
Congress runs massive deficits , the last three speakers of the Massachusetts House have resigned under ethical clouds , and much of the agenda of the City Council is preoccupied with trivia .
In fact , elected bodies at all levels are filled with members who are buffoonish , incompetent , and far more concerned with the perks of power than the public weal .
So why not abolish them all ?
At least we 'd save money on elections .
Perhaps we should .
Here 's the thing Yoon missed :
We 're not really the democratic nation we fancy ourselves to be .
We often do n't trust ourselves as voters , and we certainly do n't trust the politicians we elect .
Winston Churchill said , " Democracy is the worst form of government , except all those other forms , " but he was only partly right .
Results matter .
Many times , democracy produces bad results , and when that happens , we are readily willing to get rid of it .
It 's been this way from the very first .
The US and Massachusetts Constitutions both are designed with mechanisms to thwart the will of voters .
Take the judiciary , for example .
Justices are appointed .
Voters can't oust them , no matter how much they disagree with their decisions .
And judges understand that one of their intended roles is to sometimes countermand the will of the majority .
That happens most obviously in the case of civil rights .
The Supreme Court abolished segregation even when the clear majority of those living in Jim Crow states favored the system .
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court approved same - sex marriage , again despite the clear wishes of a majority at the time .
Anti-democratic ?
Absolutely .
And if you 're black or gay ( or , for that matter , a female , immigrant , dissident , member of an unpopular religion , and so on ) , you 're probably quite happy to see democracy trumped .
But our anti-democratic impulse goes well beyond issues of civil rights .
The basic functioning of the US economy is controlled by the Federal Reserve Board .
No one elects its members , and , indeed , because terms are staggered , even the president has limited influence .
Closer to home , our state government is loaded with
anti-democratic independent public authorities ( Mass .
Pike , Massport , and the like ) .
The logic for Boston 's appointed School Committee is really the same one that underlies the creation of all these anti-democratic institutions .
The existing system was n't working .
The messes of politics -- the compromises , the short - term thinking , the need to please constituents , the lack of accountability , and the battles for election -- were interfering with getting the job done .
That may offend our cherished democratic sensibilities , but those who care about educating a kid could n't care less .
Tom Keane , a Boston - based freelance writer , contributes regularly to the Globe Magazine .
E-mail him at tomkeane@tomkeane.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Every time I write a column on what causes overpopulation in America , a plethora of emotional readers make disparaging comments about my life , what kind of a person I am , and finally , they attack me — not for the message — but for being the messenger .
Additionally , many more thank me for my candor and courage to speak up !
First of all , nothing I write about has anything to do with race , creed or color .
Mother Nature does n’t care if you ’re fat , ugly , smart , pretty , rich , poor , black , white , red , or yellow .
Around the planet , Mother Nature already kills annually 18 million human beings via starvation as they exceed the carrying capacity of the land where they live .
You got that ?!
( Source : World Health Organization )
At least another billion plus humans never enjoy clean water , toilet , shower , soap or lavatory , which you all take for granted .
Arun Gandhi , great grandson of Mahatma Gandhi , whom I met two years ago said , “ In my country of India , over four million people are born in the streets , live in the streets and die in the streets without ever having used a toilet , taken a shower or slept in a bed . ”
In Rio de Janeiro , they call them street rats because they are born in the streets as their parents dump them -- and those kids live like rats .
How do I know ?
I witnessed it firsthand in India and South America .
So , if you want to sling names , shout out to Mother Nature at what a witch , racist or horrible woman she is !
Citizens of the United States , this month , June 2009 , our civilization cannot be sustained at the current living and consumption standards .
It ’s called “ overshoot . ”
We import 12 million out of the 20 million barrels of oil we burn daily .
Experts in oil report the “ Hubbert Curve ” states that “ Peak Oil ” will hit around the last part of 2010 .
At that point , no matter how much we drill , we cannot and will not keep pulling 85 million barrels out of the Earth to fuel our machines that grow our food .
Additionally , no amount of alternative energy will save us or maintain our current modern civilizations .
To show how much energy oil provides the U.S. annually , Michael Brownlee of www.transitionbouldercounty.com provided an astounding graph of one cubic mile of oil .
That ’s how much oil the world burns each year !
That equals the same amount of energy provided by 52 nuclear power plants built every year for 50 years or 104 operating coal - fired electrical plants built every year for 50 years or 32,000 wind turbines built every year for 50 years — and in continuous operation — or 91,250,000 solar panels built every year for 50 years .
In other words , oil produces dramatically incredible amounts of energy that we cannot and will not be able to duplicate in the coming years .
Did you get that ?
Thank you for considering one of the foremost experts on our dilemma :
“ As we go from this happy hydrocarbon bubble we have reached now to a renewable energy resource economy , which we must do in this century , will the “ civil ” part of civilization survive ?
As we both know there is no way that alternative energy sources can supply the amount of per capita energy we enjoy now , much less for the 9 billion expected by 2050 .
And energy is what keeps this game going .
We are involved in a Faustian bargain — selling our economic souls for the luxurious life of the moment , but sooner or later the price has to be paid . ”
Walter Youngquist
Now , what names will you call him ?
Additionally , we do not have enough water to sustain another 100 million people in this country ?
What kind of a name will you call me for that fact ?
What would you call the Salt Lake Tribune for reporting the facts ?
The West is hurtling toward a water crisis ; www.sltrib.com/opinion/ci_11417265
“ Overpopulation will be the major factor in the destruction of Utah , the second driest state with the fastest growth rate with the highest birthrate . ”
Bernard DeVoto said , " The future of the West hinges on whether it can defend itself against itself . "
How about a name calling fest for the brilliant Dr. E.O. Wilson at Harvard ?
“ The raging monster upon the land is population growth .
In its presence , sustainability is but a fragile theoretical construct .
To say , as many do , that the difficulties of nations are not due to people but to poor ideology and land - use management is sophistic . ”
How about a few names slung at these top 102 Nobel Prize laureates :
“ Pressures resulting from unrestrained population growth put demands on the natural world that can overwhelm any efforts to achieve a sustainable future .
If we are to halt the destruction of our environment , we must accept limits to that growth . ”
World scientists ’ warning to humanity , signed by 1600 senior scientists from 70 countries including 102 Nobel Prize laureates , November 18 , 1992
In other words , instead of name calling , what solutions do you bring to the table ?
My solutions :
1. Promote and offer reproductive choices and Family Planning worldwide to all people in all countries .
2 . Help third world countries with tractors , sanitation , food production and water purification .
3. Reduce immigration to the USA to 100,000 a year because that ’s how many egress the country annually .
Net gain of zero !
That would move America toward a sustainable future for all citizens .
4 . That would encourage other countries to become responsible for their own populations and take responsibility for their futures .
5. Institute a “ US Sustainable Population Policy ” to bring about a discussion and debate about population in America .
Similar policy for each state .
6. Institute a “ US Water Usage Policy ” to secure ample water for humans , crops and animals into the 21st century .
7. Institute a “ US Environmental Impact Policy ” to allow all plants and animals a share of their existence and sustainability alongside humans .
8. Institute an “ International Sustainable Population Policy ” to promote a stable population of humans for the entire planet that will allow humanity to survive into the 21st century .
9 . All - out scientific pursuit for a non-polluting alternative energy to drive the engines of humanity safely into the 21st century .
10 .
What are your ideas for a viable future for this civilization ?
Let ’s get down to business to bring about a sustainable future for our kids , and all plants and animals here in the early years of the 21st century while we still have a viable planet .
##
Frosty Wooldridge has bicycled across six continents – from the Arctic to the South Pole – as well as six times across the USA , coast to coast and border to border .
In 2005 , he bicycled from the Arctic Circle , Norway to Athens , Greece .
He presents “ The Coming Population Crisis in America : and what you can do about it ” to civic clubs , church groups , high schools and colleges .
He works to bring about sensible world population balance at www.frostywooldridge.com
To take action : First and foremost , join www.numbersusa.com and become one of nearly a million Americans making impact with pre-written faxes and phone calls to change immigration policies toward a stable future .
Bi-partisan and highly effective !
Second , join www.thesocialcontract.com for up to date information via the Social Contract Quarterly .
Exceptional publication to keep you informed .
www.fairus.org ; www.vdare.com ; www.alipac.us ; www.firecoalition.com ; www.cairco.org ; www.limitstogrowth.com ; www.capsweb.org ; www.populationmedia.org ; www.worldpopulationbalance.org ; LimitsToGrowth.org
Visit this site for a rendition of Colorado Governor Lamm ’s speech : “ How to Destroy America ”
http://usawakeup.org/HowToDestroyAmerica.htm
Must see DVD : “ Blind Spot ”
This movie illustrates America ’s future without oil , water and other resources to keep this civilization functioning .
It ’s a brilliant educational movie !
In Canada : Tim Murray ,
Director Immigration Watch Canada www.immigrationwatch.org
Vice President Biodiversity First http://biodiversityfirst.googlepages.com/index.htm
Blog http://sinkinglifeboat.blogspot.com
Watch the DVD movie : “ Blind Spot ” — Exceptional movie with top scientists candidly discussion what we face as a civilization if we continue on our hyper - population growth path .
www.blindspotdoc.com
Please visit Annie Leonard at www.storyofstuff.com for a compelling and highly interesting 20 minute video concerning our high consumption , highly wasteful and unsustainable society .
She educates and provides avenues for you to make a difference .
Visit this web site by Chris Martenson : http://www.chrismartenson.com/environmental_data
In Colorado : visit www.soprisfoundation.org for information how you can network with like - minded folks to create a more sustainable future for Colorado and other states .
View CNN ’s “ Planet in Peril ” with Anderson Cooper and Lisa Ling :
http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2008/planet.in.peril/
Ghost of Thomas Paine — compelling video of common sense
http://www.lawatchdog.com/index.html#anchor_2296
BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA : D.C. : ( 202)224-2854 comment@whitehouse.gov
Books to read : “ The Long Emergency ” by James Howard Kunstler
“ Peak Everything ” by Richard Heinberg
“ Too Many People ” by Lindsey Grant
Become a member of “ Frosty ’s Press Agent Corps ” whereby you volunteer a few hours to send out emails to top TV and radio hosts to offer top speakers on America ’s overpopulation crisis driven by unending immigration .
Email frostyw@juno.com and receive two informational letters showing you exactly what to do .
Roy Beck 's " IMMIGRATION BY THE NUMBERS " is the single best educational appreciation of America 's future if we allow ourselves to add another 100 million people .
Just click on this site for the most sobering experience of your children 's future .
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4094926727128068265&q=roy+beck&hl=en
Roy Beck gives a graphic presentation of our fate if we continue to allow legal and illegal immigration to swamp this country .
If you have children , you will be particular unnerved at their fate .
I know Roy Beck personally and his integrity and knowledge stand at the top .
Pass this web site 14 minute video far and wide across America to educate everyone you know .
We either stop this human tsunami or the future of this country will be much like Rome's .
We must , as a nation and a civilization , move to secure our country from this massive , unrelenting population overload from a line that never ends .
This will be the most compelling 14 minute video of your life .
Once you see it , go to my web site for action items www.frostywooldridge.com and join www.numbersusa.com to become a weekly faxer of pre written letters and join the phone calling teams .
Bob Woodruff of ABC asked input from all citizens concerning the future of our planet .
Go to www.earth2100.tv for a sobering reality check as to what we face and to what I have been writing about for the past 20 years .
Our ‘ window ’ to change to a balanced population and non-polluting energy diminishes every day we listen to irresponsible media and thus ignore the blatant symptoms manifesting all over America and the planet .
From : Frosty Wooldridge
This three minute interview with Adam Schrager on “ Your Show ” May 4 , 2008 , NBC Channel 9 News , addresses the ramifications of adding 120 million people to USA in 35 years and six million people to Colorado as to water shortages , air pollution , loss of farmland , energy costs and degradation of quality of life .
In the interview , Frosty Wooldridge explains the ramifications of adding 120 million people to the USA in 35 years .
He advances new concepts such as a “ Colorado Carrying Capacity Policy ” ; “ Colorado Environmental Impact Policy ” ; “ Colorado Water Usage Policy ” ; “ Colorado Sustainable Population Policy ” .
Nationally , the USA needs a " National Sustainable Population Policy " to determine the carrying capacity of this nation for the short and long term .
Wooldridge is available for interviews on radio and TV having interviewed on ABC , CBS , NBC , CNN and FOX .
Go to : www.frostywooldridge.com and click on “ Audio / Video ” tab
Frosty Wooldridge has bicycled across six continents – from the Arctic to the South Pole – as well as six times across the USA , coast to coast and border to border .
In 2005 , he bicycled from the Arctic Circle , Norway to Athens , Greece .
He presents “ The Coming Population Crisis in America : and what you can do about it ” to civic clubs , church groups , high schools and colleges .
He works to bring about sensible world population balance at www.frostywooldridge.com
With veto override , domestic partners bill becomes law Nevada becomes 17th state to recognize gay relationships
Related Document ( .pdf ) Senate Bill 283
Sun Archives
Senate overrides governor ’s veto of domestic partners bill
Sun Coverage Archive of Sun politics stories
CARSON CITY –
In what supporters are calling a historic moment , the Assembly on Sunday night overrode the veto of Gov. Jim Gibbons on a bill giving legal rights to domestic partners .
Tod Story , a member of the board of the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada , said " Nevadans can stand proud . "
Story said Nevada has become the 17th state to recognize the relationships of gay and lesbian couples under state law .
The law takes effect Oct. 1 .
The vote Sunday night was 28 - 14 , the bare minimum needed to overturn the decision of the governor .
It follows the 14 - 7 vote in the Senate Saturday and puts the bill into law .
Gary Peck , executive director of the ACLU in Nevada , said “ this is a proud day in Nevada ’s history .
With its override , our Legislature has put our state on the right side of a growing movement to honor this country ’s promise that every one of us is entitled to equal treatment under the law . ”
Assemblywoman Sheila Leslie , D - Reno , who gave the only speech on the floor , called this a “ historic vote for equality and justice . ”
“ This is the most important civil rights legislation we ’ve had in all my years here and I am so happy and honored to be a part of it . ”
She said she knew it was “ a struggle ” for many legislators .
She said domestic partners “ are not asking us to approve of their lives or how they live but they are asking us for respect .
As citizens of this great state , they are asking that their government give them the ability to choose who they will live with and who they will love . ”
Senate Bill 283 provides domestic partners the same rights in such things as community property responsibility for debt to third parties and the right to seek financial support if they split up .
The bill specifically states that a domestic partnership is not a marriage as outlined in the 2002 constitutional amendment that says a marriage can only be between a man and a woman .
The partners , whether of the same or opposite sex , would register with the Secretary of State ’s Office for legal recognition .
And if they split , they would file dissolution of the registration .
The bill says domestic partners have the same rights , protections and benefits that are ranged or imposed upon spouses .
The governor , in his veto message , said the voters in 2002 felt “ the right of marriage should apply only to married couples , only the voters should determine whether those rights should equally apply to domestic partners . ”
Voters approved that amendment 337,197 to 164,573 .
Sen . David Parks , D - Las Vegas , the openly gay sponsor of SB283 , said it 's " about fairness and equality , " and that it does n't diminish the sanctity of marriage .
Voting against the bill on Sunday were Republicans John Carpenter of Elko , Chad Christensen of Las Vegas , Tyrus Cobb of Reno , Heidi Gansert of Reno , Pete Goicoechea of Eureka , Tom Grady of Yerington , Don Gustavson of Sparks , John Hambrick of Las Vegas , Joe Hardy of Boulder City , Richard McArthur of Las Vegas , James Settelmeyer of Gardnerville , Lynn Stewart and Melissa Woodbury , both of Henderson .
One Democrat , Mo Denis of Las Vegas , voted to sustain the governor ’s veto .
Edwin Goedhart , a Republican from Amargosa Valley voted for the override .
The general improvement in global financial conditions since March has fostered a marked improvement in investor sentiment and led many to inquire when ( rather than if ) the current U.S. recession will end .
Increasingly , market commentary has focused on evidence of “ green shoots ” that would suggest the rate of economic deterioration is at least slowing .
But how can we know that the right signals are being captured , and — more important — how accurate have such measures been in identifying the turning points of past business cycles ?
In this brief , we unveil a proprietary Vanguard Economic Momentum Index
consisting of more than 70 financial and economic indicators that in the past have anticipated ( to varying degrees ) the beginning and end of economic recessions .
This new index is specifically designed to anticipate turning points in the business cycle , and it differs in important ways from several other widely tracked indexes of leading indicators .
As of the end of May 2009 , the Vanguard Economic Momentum Index indicated that a U.S. economic recovery likely will begin by the end of 2009 .
Figure 1 below ( click to enlarge ) presents a “ dashboard ” of the individual components that make up the Vanguard Economic Momentum Index .
The components are ranked in descending order based on their historical ability to forecast nonfarm payroll growth .
For presentation purposes , they have been assigned colors based on these criteria :
Red : Indicator consistent with future employment losses at an increasing rate .
Yellow : Indicator consistent with future employment losses at a decreasing rate .
Green : Indicator consistent with future employment gains .
Components shaded either green or yellow in Figure 1 are considered evidence of so - called green shoots , since their most recent rate of acceleration is consistent with an eventual economic recovery .
Yellow shading reflects a recent improvement in the component ’s rate of change ( i.e. , its rate of decline has slowed , or its “ second derivative ” has turned positive ) .
Figure 1 shows a notable recent improvement in various economic and financial indicators , especially through May 2009 .
Some examples of such components are the S&P 500 Index , the shape of the Treasury yield curve , corporate bond spreads , and certain housing and manufacturing statistics .
Encouragingly , the components near the top — those that have been the most anticipatory leading indicators of future economic conditions — have changed for the better ahead of those toward the bottom , although the improvement in individual indicators is far from unanimous .
Figure 2 below ( click to enlarge ) illustrates that after bottoming in November 2008 , the index turned positive in February 2009 and continued that trend into March and April .
This sharp reversal brings the index to levels that were associated with past economic recoveries .
Indeed , by the end of May , the index was near the highs reached following the deep recessions of the mid-1970s and early 1980s .
Based on historical patterns , the index ’s climb suggests a high statistical probability that a U.S. recovery will begin by the end of 2009 .
MP : Based on the pattern of this index over the last eight recessions , and especially in the four severe recessions of the 1970s and early 1980s , it looks very likely that the current recession might already be over , or will be ending shortly .
HT : Heather Brooks
Iran claims SAM breakthrough
by Staff Writers
Tehran ( UPI ) Jun 19 , 2009
Iran 's defense ministry claims that it has reverse - engineered the MIM - 23B
Hawk surface - to - air missile manufactured by the Raytheon Corp . and is producing the system to bolster sits defenses against possible US or Israeli air strikes .
Iran 's state - run media reported that the defense minister , Gen. Mostafa Mohammad - Najjar , formally inaugurated the production line on June 6 .
The Iranians call their new missile the Shahin , which means Hawk in Farsi .
Shahin missiles on display for the event , seen on Iranian television , appeared to be identical to the Hawk missiles that the U.S. supplied to the Iranian military in the years preceding the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
But Jane 's Missile & Rockets , published in London , reported that " it was not clear if the missiles on show were new production rounds or refurbished missiles from the existing stock of U.S. - supplied rounds . "
Still , the Iranians have been making major advances in missile technology in recent years , with considerable assistance from Russia , China and North Korea , and it is quite probable that they have mastered the required reverse - engineering .
The capabilities of the Shahin that Mohammad - Najjar described were more or less the same as those of MIM - 23B -- a range of just less than 25 miles against high - altitude targets , 12 miles against low - flying targets and a maximum ceiling of around 30,000 feet .
The United States provided Iran 's pre-revolutionary forces with hundreds of MIM - 23Bs and 120 launchers , enough for 12 battalions of air defense troops .
During the 1980 - 88 war with Iraq the Hawks were believed to have downed at least 40 Iraqi aircraft .
Air defense was for many years one of the Iranian military 's major deficiencies and Tehran has gone to considerable lengths to fill that gap , essential if it is to get anywhere near the ability to counter the high - tech air forces of the United States and Israel .
In 2006 , Iran took delivery of 29 Russian Tor - M1 low - to medium - altitude surface - to - air missiles under a $ 700 million contract with Moscow .
These were deployed in early 2007 and are believed to ring key installations in Iran 's nuclear infrastructure .
The Iranians have been pressing Moscow to provide the more advanced truck - mounted S - 300PMU - 1/2 missiles ( NATO designation SA - 20 ) .
The S300 is considered to be one of the world 's most advanced air - defense systems .
It is able to shoot down cruise missiles and aircraft from 90 miles away and can intercept aircraft or ballistic missiles at altitudes ranging from 30 feet to 16 miles .
However , there have been conflicting reports about whether the Russians have agreed to do provide these weapons , which would make any air attack on Iranian nuclear facilities extremely hazardous and costly .
Russians news agencies reported earlier this year that Moscow had signed a deal on the S-300s .
On March 19 , the agencies quoted a senior defense official in Moscow as confirming that an $ 800 million contract for five S - 300 units had been signed in 2007 but that no weapons had been delivered .
Israel has claimed that some units have reached Iran but there has been no independent confirmation of that .
U.S. President Barack Obama 's efforts to improve ties with Moscow may have encouraged the Russians to stall any deal involving S - 200s for Iran .
In the meantime , The Iranians have been hardening their missile silos against airstrikes and restructuring their military forces to improve air defense .
Gen . Ahmed Mighani of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , the main Iranian military force which controls Iran 's ballistic missiles , announced Feb. 16 that Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had ordered the formation of a separate air - defense command within the armed forces to coordinate operations to repel airstrikes .
Top cybersecurity official quits , says NSA has too much power Rachel Oswald
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Last week 's resignation of the top cybersecurity official for the Department of Homeland Security has revealed a thorny bureaucratic rivalry between the National Security Agency and the resigned official who accuses NSA of having too tight a hold on cybersecurity .
After less than a year as director of the National Cyber Security Center , Rod Beckstrom resigned on Friday , citing a lack of funding and efforts by the NSA to dominate government cypersecurity .
The Wall Street Journal has his letter of resignation , which can be read here .
In the letter to DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano , Beckstrom charged that NSA " effectively controls DHS cyber efforts " through employee detailees to NCSC from NSA , technology insertions and the proposed move of the NCSC to NSA 's Fort Meade facility .
" While acknowledging the critical importance of NSA to our intelligence efforts , I believe this is a bad strategy on multiple grounds , " Beckstrom wrote .
" The intelligence culture is very different than a network operations or security culture . "
Beckstrom said as director he objected to the " subjugation " of NCSC under NSA and had advocated for a " credible civilian government cybersecurity capability " that cooperated with NSA but did n't answer to it .
" This is a coordination body and it resides alongside or above the other centers , but certainly not below them , " Beckstrom said of the NCSC in a Washington Post interview after his resignation .
" In my view , it is very important that there be independence for the [ center ] , and that it be able to carry out its role . "
In a statement to Forbes , DHS spokeswoman Amy Kudwa said the agency regrets losing Beckstrom , but " has a strong relationship with the NSA and continues to work in close collaboration with all of our federal partners on protecting federal civilian networks .
We look forward to our continued , positive working relationship with all our partners on outreach to the private sector as we strive to further secure our nation 's cyber networks . "
According to The Post 's Tuesday article , " Beckstrom said he decided to leave roughly 10 days ago , after learning that orders were canceled for computers , network equipment , furniture and office space in Arlington slated for his group .
While he officially reports to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Beckstrom said he has not yet had a meeting with her . "
The cypersecurity initiative to protect government networks was begun by the Bush administration , reports The Journal , and the Obama administration is currently conducting a 60 - day review of that effort and its related policies .
Recommendations on the effort are expected next month .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
USS Enterprise ( NCC - 1701 ) , the starship in the original Star Trek TV series
To boldly go where no man has gone before , you 'd need a really good starship - and to launch Star Trek , the pop culture phenomenon that entertained and inspired millions , you 'd need a pretty darned good one !
And that is exactly what the United Space Starship Enterprise delivered .
Here are 8 Starship Enterprise facts every Trekker should know :
1 . Meet the REAL Enterprise ( Several of Them , Actually )
(L) The tenth HMS Enterprise , an Arctic survey sloop ( 1848 ) , painting by WH Browne from the National Maritime Museum online collection ;
( R) USS Enterprise at Valcour Island , Lake Champlain , New York ( 1776 ) from Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships
Before Star
Trek , there have been many actual ships named Enterprise .
The very first one of note was a French frigate L'Enterprise , which was captured by the British Royal Navy in 1705 and renamed as HMS Enterprise .
It served as a British gun ship until it was wrecked just two years later .
After this ship , there were 14 other HMS also named Enterprise ( sometimes spelled Enterprize ) .
The United States have 8 battleships named Enterprise , including the first nuclear powered aircraft carrier in the world .
The very first one ( before the US became a country , so technically it was a ship of the Continental Navy ) was an armed sloop on Lake Champlain in 1775 named the United States Ship ( USS ) Enterprise .
During the American Civil War , aeronaut and scientist Thaddeus S.C. Lowe built a balloon named Enterprise , to be used by the Union Army to perform aerial recon on Confederate troops .
(L) Enterprise , a gas inflated aerostat ( 1858 ) ; ( M ) Space Shuttle Enterprise ; ( R ) Artist rendering of VSS Enterprise
And who can forget the Space Shuttle Enterprise ?
It was the very first Space Shuttle orbiter , built for NASA in 1976 .
The Shuttle was supposed to be named Constitution , but a write - in campaign successfully persuaded NASA to name it after the Star Trek starship .
( Interestingly , the fictional Starship Enterprise was a Constitution - class vessel - coincidence ?
Hm ....)
The last actual Enterprise has n't been built yet but it already has a name : Virgin Space Ship ( VSS ) Enterprise and yes , it 's an homage to Star Trek .
It 's a suborbital spaceplane being built by Sir Richard Branson of Virgin for the purposes of space tourism .
Ironically , when Sir Richard offered the first flight to William Shatner , the actor declined and revealed that he 's actually afraid of space travel , " I 'm interested in man 's march into the unknown but to vomit in space is not my idea of a good time .
Neither is a fiery crash with the vomit hovering over me . "
Shatner added that he's not entirely against the idea - he just needed some reassurance .
" I do want to go up but I need guarantees I 'll definitely come back . "
( Source )
2. No Rockets , Jets or Firestreams
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry , who pitched the TV show as " Wagon Train to the Stars , " did n't tell art director Matt Jefferies what Starship Enterprise should look like , instead he told the bewildered art director what he did not want to see .
Starship Concept
Art has reprint of a nifty article in Star Trek : The Magazine by Jefferies about the design process :
" In my approach to Star Trek I wanted to be as practical as possible , " Jefferies says .
" I could tell Gene was serious enough , but I really did n't know where to start .
I knew the Enterprise was going to be on the cutting edge of the future , but essentially he gave me the job of finding a shape , and I did n't know what the shape looked like . "
Although Roddenberry knew a lot about his ship , he had never visualized it , and consequently made the situation more complicated since he could n't give Jefferies a detailed sense of direction .
According to Jefferies , Roddenberry was absolutely clear to avoid any resemblance to a 1960 's rocket ship .
" Gene described the 100 - 150 man crew , outer space , fantastic , unheard - of speed , and that we did n't have to worry about gravity .
He had emphasized that there were to be no fins , no wings , no smoke trails , no flames , no rocket .
After hundreds of drawings , Jefferies came up with this :
Image via Starship Concept Art
In his honor , the crawl spaces on all of the Starfleet starships on Star Trek are called Jefferies tubes .
3. The Original Name of USS Enterprise
That 's right - the iconic starship was n't always named USS Enterprise ... in the original draft , Roddenberry named it USS Yorktown after a World War II aircraft carrier .
The starship was commanded by Captain Robert April , then Christopher Pike , before Roddenberry settled on James Tiberius Kirk .
By the way , William Shatner was the third choice for Kirk .
The role was offered to Lloyd Bridges and Jack Lord , both of whom declined it .
4. The Origin of NCC - 1701
How did the famous USS Enterprise get its registration number NCC - 1701 is the stuff of legend .
There are conflicting stories , including one where 1701 is a tribute to Roddenberry 's childhood neighbor 's house number or that Jefferies got it from the registration number of his airplane .
Here 's Matt Jefferies ' explanation when he was asked during a BBC Interview :
NC , by international agreement , stood for all United States commercial vehicles .
Russia had wound up with four Cs , CC CC .
It ’d been pretty much a common opinion that any major effort in space would be two expensive for any one country , so I mixed the US and the Russian and came up with NCC .
The one seven zero part - I needed a number that would be instantly identifiable , and three , six , eight and nine are too easily confused .
I do n’t think anyone ’ll confuse a one and a seven , or the zero .
So the one seven stood for the seventeenth basic ship design in the Federation , and the zero one would have been serial number one , the first bird .
5. Land the Ship ?
Too Expensive , Let 's Teleport Everybody Instead !
Originally , Roddenberry envisioned the USS Enterprise to land on various planets , but it turned out to be too expensive as it would require them to build expensive sets .
The next idea was to use shuttles - but when filming began , the full - sized shooting model was n't ready .
So , they came up with the idea of " beaming down " the crew via a teleportation device and thus the transporter was born !
( Source )
In 1994 , TIME Magazine interviewed Star Trek technical expert Michael Okuda about the intricacies of the transporter :
" It should be possible if we decompile the pattern buffer . "
Transporters can send people instantly from one location to another by converting their molecules into energy , then reassembling them .
Every living being has a distinct pattern of molecules ; the pattern buffer fixes the configuration by adjusting for the Doppler effect -- the apparent change in the frequency of the energy waves caused by motion .
" I 'll verify the Heisenberg compensators . "
The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle states that you cannot know a subatomic particle 's exact position and its exact direction and velocity at the same time .
To transport people you have to know all those things , so the Heisenberg compensator was devised to overcome that problem .
It 's an attempt by the Trek writers to signal that they are at least aware of the issue .
And how does the Heisenberg compensator work ?
" It works very well , thank you , " says Okuda .
6 . The Next Gen Enterprise : Hilton in Space
Jefferies designed the bridge in the original USS Enterprise in the style of a Navy battleship , with specialized workstations for its crew .
When set designer Richard James updated the bridge for Star Trek : The Next Generation ( restriction : no purple ! ) , Jefferies was asked about the new look .
To which he replied :
Gene asked me how I liked the show , and I said that he had taken the bridge of my ship and turned it into the lobby of the Hilton .
And I have just never watched any of them since .
I ’m lost .
Ironically , Star Trek and Hilton actually did come together to create a theme attraction .
Star Trek : The Experience opened in 1998 at the Las Vegas Hilton .
It closed in 2008 due to low attendance ( though it is due to re-open in a different location in 2010 ) .
7. The Original Star Trek Enterprise Prop
Photo : Carolyn Russo / Smithsonian
If you visit the National Air and Space Museum at the Smithsonian , definitely check out the actual model of the Starship Enterprise used in the filming of the original Star Trek TV show .
The hull and one nacelle of the original Star Trek Starship Enterprise model as it was received by the National Air and Space Museum from Paramount Studios on March 1 , 1974 .
Image WEB11192-2009 .
Photo : Smithsonian ( with permission )
The model of the Enterprise was sent to the museum in crates , donated by Paramount Studios five years after the series ended .
Enterprise during its first Smithsonian restoration .
SI Neg # 74-3977 .
Photo : Smithsonian ( with permission )
The Smithsonian performed extensive restoration to put the starship model back together , and for the first time ever , the photos of the restoration process are available to the public at the museum 's blog .
The Museum Registrar Gregory K.H. Bryant has more on this behind the scenes look at the icon science fiction model : Link - Thanks Llori !
8. The Hot -Rod Starship Enterprise
For his movie Star Trek , director J.J. Abrams decided that the USS Enterprise could use a face - lift and worked with artists at Industrial Light & Magic to update the starship - like Roddenberry , he gave a simple directive :
" He wanted a hot - rod type of vehicle , but they also wanted to preserve the Enterprise kind of look , " model maker John Goodson said in a presentation at ILM's San Francisco headquarters earlier this month .
" J.J. Abrams kept saying , ' Make it a bigger movie .
Make it a bigger shot , ' " creative director David Nakabayashi added .
" I think that 's one thing you see in this film , at least :
The stuff I 've seen is just everything is big . "
SCI FI Wire has the interview with model maker John Goodson and visual effects supervisor Roger Guyett about the new Enterprise : http://scifiwire.com/2009/04/how-ilm-came-up-with-the.php
The official website for JJ Abram 's Star Trek movie has a nifty 360° panorama of the bridge of the new starship :
China ’s infamous Three Gorges Dam is the largest hyrdoelectric project in the world and potentially the biggest environmental tragedy .
Â
It has been criticized by environmentalists and human rights advocates since its inception in 1992 .
Â
The Three Gorges Dam was completed in 2006 on the Yangtze River , and NASA has released images of the flooding reservoir behind the dam which has displaced 1.2 million people . Â
Taken by astronauts at the International Space Station , images of the Three Gorges Dam reveals “ the river is filling up its valley behind the dam to form a narrow reservoir extending more than 600 kilometers . ”
NASA images from 2000 and 2006 show the changes that have occurred to the Yangtze , especially when compared to the current photographs of the flooding taken in April 2009 .
Â
The reservoir was filled in three stages , with the last stage occurring in 2009 .
After many years of denial , the Chinese government is expressing concern about the environmental consequences of the dam .
Â Â Scientific American reports :
Chinese officials staged a sudden about - face , acknowledging for the first time that the massive hydroelectric dam , sandwiched between breathtaking cliffs on the Yangtze River in central China , may be triggering landslides , altering entire ecosystems and causing other serious environmental problemsâ€ ” and , by extension , endangering the millions who live in its shadow .
International Rivers warns the environmental impact will be severe and cumulative :
The environmental impacts of the project are profound , and are likely to get worse as time goes on .
The submergence of hundreds of factories , mines and waste dumps , and the presence of massive industrial centers upstream are creating a festering bog of effluent , silt , industrial pollutants and rubbish in the reservoir .
Erosion of the reservoir and downstream riverbanks is causing landslides , and threatening one of the worldâ€™s biggest fisheries in the East China Sea .
The weight of the reservoir ’s water has many scientists concerned over reservoir - induced seismicity .
Unfortunately , even though the Chinese government recognizes the environmental concerns of the Three Gorges Dam , they are “ replicating this model both domestically and internationally .
” Â Â From earthquakes to landslides , the increase in water pressure from flooding the Three Gorges resevoir to its full capacity in 2009 could have devasting consequences .
Â Â Already , relocated villagers have to be moved again because “ officials failed to foresee the full magnitude of the dam ’s effects . ”
Â
To move forward with other dam projects is irresponsible of the Chinese government without learning lessons from Three Gorges .
This letter has been issued from the McTimoney Association to all its members …
Date : 8 June 2009 09:12:18 BDT
Subject : FURTHER URGENT ACTION REQUIRED !
Dear Member
If you are reading this , we assume you have also read the urgent email we sent you last Friday .
If you did not read it , READ IT VERY CAREFULLY NOW and – this is most important – ACT ON IT .
This is not scaremongering .
We judge this to be a real threat to you and your practice .
Because of what we consider to be a witch hunt against chiropractors , we are now issuing the following advice :
The target of the campaigners is now any claims for treatment that cannot be substantiated with chiropractic research .
The safest thing for everyone to do is as follows .
If you have a website , take it down NOW .
When you have done that , please let us know preferably by email or by phone .
This will save our valuable time chasing you to see whether it has been done .
REMOVE all the blue MCA patient information leaflets , or any patient information leaflets of your own that state you treat whiplash , colic or other childhood problems in your clinic or at any other site where they might be displayed with your contact details on them .
DO NOT USE them until further notice .
The MCA are working on an interim replacement leaflet which will be sent to you shortly .
If you have not done so already , enter your name followed by the word ‘ chiropractor ’ into a search engine such as Google ( e.g. Joe Bloggs chiropractor ) and you will be able to ascertain what information about you is in the public domain e.g. where you might be listed using the Doctor title or where you might be linked with a website which might implicate you .
We have found that even if you do not have a website yourself you may still have been linked inadvertently to a website listing you or your services .
CHECK ALL ENTRIES CAREFULLY AND IF IN DOUBT , CONTACT THE RELEVANT PROVIDER TO REMOVE YOUR INFORMATION .
CHECK OUR PREVIOUS EMAILS FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE AND KEY WORDS TO AVOID .
KEEP A LOG OF YOUR ACTIONS .
If you use business cards or other stationery using the ‘ doctor ’ title and it does not clearly state that you are a doctor of chiropractic or that you are not a registered medical practitioner , STOP USING THEM immediately .
5 . Be wary of ‘ mystery shopper ’ phone calls and ‘ drop ins ’ to your practice , especially if they start asking about your care of children , or whiplash , or your evidence base for practice .
IF YOU DO NOT FOLLOW THIS ADVICE , YOU MAY BE AT RISK FROM PROSECUTION .
IF YOU DO NOT FOLLOW THIS ADVICE , THE MCA MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ASSIST YOU WITH ANY PROCEEDINGS .
Although this advice may seem extreme or alarmist , its purpose is to protect you .
The campaigners have a target of making a complaint against every chiropractor in the UK who they perceive to be in breach of the GCC ’s CoP , the Advertising Standards Code and / or Trading Standards .
We have discovered that complaints against more than 500 individual chiropractors have been sent to the GCC in the last 24 hours .
Whatever you do , do not ignore this email and make yourself one of the victims .
Some of our members have not followed our earlier advice and now have complaints made against them .
We do not want that to happen to you .
Even if you do not have a website , you are still at risk .
Our latest information suggests that this group are now going through Yellow Pages entries .
Be in no doubt , their intention is to scrutinise every single chiropractor in the UK .
The MCA Executive has worked tirelessly over the last week keeping abreast of development and contacting at risk members .
We have decided that this is our best course of action to protect you and the Association at this time of heightened tension .
This advice is given to you solely to protect you from what we believe is a concerted campaign , and does not imply any wrongdoing on your part or the part of the Association .
We believe that our best course of action is simply to withdraw from the battleground until this latest wave of targeting is over .
Finally , we strongly suggest you do NOT discuss this with others , especially patients , Firstly it would not be ethical to burden patients with this , though if they ask we hope you now have information with which you can respond .
Most importantly , this email and all correspondence from the MCA is confidential advice to MCA members alone , and should not be shared with anyone else .
Please be aware that the office phone lines are likely to be busy , so , if you need our help , please send an email to the office and we will get back to you as soon as we can .
Yours ,
Berni Martin
MCA Chair .
Best wishes ,
Nicki
Yes that ’s true !
News just came out that last Thursday 25 year - old Sun Danyo ng , a fresh engineering graduate from China landed a job at Foxconn and was given the responsibility of shipping iPhone 4G prototypes from Foxconn to Apple .
According to the news , there were 16 prototypes and one of them went missing which resulted in Sun being illegally interrogated and physically abused .
The events which led to his suicide are recorded as such :
Thursday 9th July : Sun picks 16 prototypes from Taiwan based Foxconn local assembly line to be delivered to Apple .
On the way he noticed that one of the phones was missing so he went back to the factory just to make sure whether he missed it there or not .
It was lost .
Monday 13th July : Sun reports the missing iPhone to his boss .
Wednesday 15th July : Atleast 3 Foxconn employees illegally raid Sun ’s apartment in search of the missing phone .
Unofficial reports suggest that he was also detained and physically abused during illegal interrogation .
See how Apple can pressurize its manufacturers worldwide !
Thursday 16th July 3 AM : Surveillance cameras recorded Sun jumping off from his apartment window .
What lead to his suicide and who will be responsible for it .
Whether Apple ’s pressure made the Foxconn act this way and illegally detain , interrogate and even torture one of its young fresh employee without formally filing any theft case is something that will surely haunt Apple for the coming months .
[ image via ]
Marta Harnecker .
[ This is the final article in a 12 - part series of articles .
Click HERE for other articles in the series . ]
By Marta Harnecker , translated by Federico Fuentes for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
1 . Unfortunately , there tends to be a lot of subjectivism in our analysis of the political situation .
What tends to occur is that leaders , driven by their revolutionary passion , tend to confuse desires with reality .
An objective evaluation of the situation is not carried out , the enemy tends to be underestimated and , on the other hand , one ’s own potential is overestimated
2. Moreover , leaders tend to confuse the mood of the most radical activists with the mood of the grassroots popular sectors .
There exists a tendency in more than a few political leaderships to make generalisations about the mood of the masses simply based on their own personal experiences , whether it is in the region they are in or the social sector they are active in , or their guerrilla front , or , in the most general sense , based on the perception of those around them , who are always the most radicalised sectors .
3 . Those that work with the most radicalised sectors will have a different vision of the country compared to those that carry out their political activities among the least political sectors .
Revolutionary cadre who work in a militant popular neighbourhood wo n’t have the same vision of the country as those that are active in middle - class sectors .
4 . The same thing occurs in countries where both war zones and political spaces exist .
The guerrillas who face real confrontations with the enemy , and who have been able to win control of certain zones thanks to their military victories , tend to believe that the revolutionary process is more advanced than militants who work in legal political spaces in the large urban centres , where the ideological power and military control of the regime is still very large .
5 . The only guarantee for not committing these errors is assuring that leaders are capable of evaluating the situation not on the basis of their mood , but rather taking as their starting point the the mood of the bulk of the people , the mood of the enemy and the international reality .
Once this evaluation is carried out , it is necessary to come up with proposals that allow us to take advantage of the situation as a whole .
6 . It would seem to be a truism to say that it is important for the top leaders to learn to listen .
We believe that this is fundamental .
Nevertheless , what occurs is that some leaders are so impregnated by preconceived ideas regarding the current state of affairs , of how things are , of what can be done and what ca n’t be done , that in their contact with intermediary leaders and the grassroots , they tend more towards transmitting their vision of things than informing themselves about the actual mood of the people .
7 . What therefore can occur is that , when one has to make an analysis of the situation , errors occur , not so much due to the lack of information , but because , despite information having been transmitted correctly and in a timely manner by the ranks , it has not been assimilated by the leadership .
8 . But it is also important that the ranks and middle layers of leaders be objective in providing information .
Sometimes they can misinform rather than inform by providing , for example , inflated numbers for certain mobilisations or actions .
9 . The tendency to delude oneself , to falsify data regarding mobilisations , meetings , strikes , the weight of each organisation , is quite common in politics .
For instance , saying that thousands were mobilised when it was really only hundreds .
10 .
This triumphalist focus is the product of the mistaken idea that we are always right , that we are always the best , that everything we do end up in a positive results for us .
11 . It is not only in regards to numbers where self - delusion has existed , but also in the evaluation of actions that have been proposed .
If the objective was to achieve a certain representation in parliament but this was not achieved , recognition is not given to the fact that the number of votes received was below the expectations that had been created ; instead , there is always an attempt to seek out a way to present the event as a triumph , for example , stating that the number of votes increased compared to the previous election .
If a national strike is proposed , but only a partial strike is achieved , this is not recognised as a defeat ; rather the success of the strike is talked up because more workers did not go to work compared to previous actions of this type etc .
12 . If leaders do not know how to listen – something that requires a large dose of revolutionary modesty – and , at the same time , they receive falsified information , then proposals are made which – taking false premises as their starting point – are not adjusted to the real possibilities of the forces on the ground ; battles that are planned out can lead to significant defeats because they are not based on the real balance of forces .
[ Marta Harnecker is originally from Chile where she participated in the revolutionary process of 1970 - 1973 .
She has written extensively on the Cuba Revolution , and on the nature of socialist democracy .
She now lives in Caracas and is a participant in the Venezuelan revolution . ]
Japan warns that North Korea may fire missile at U.S. on Independence Day
North Korea may launch a long - range ballistic missile towards Hawaii on American Independence Day , according to Japanese intelligence officials .
The missile , believed to be a Taepodong - 2 with a range of up to 4,000 miles , would be launched in early July from the Dongchang - ni site on the north - western coast of the secretive country .
Intelligence analysts do not believe the device would be capable of hitting Hawaii 's main islands , which are 4,500 miles from North Korea .
This is North Korea 's Taepodong - 2 missile which has a range of 4,000 miles .
Intelligence analysts do not believe it would be capable of hitting Hawaii which is 4,500 miles away
It was announced today that the U.S. has deployed anti-missile defences around Hawaii in response to the threat .
North Korea test - fired a similar long - range missile on July 4 three years ago , but it failed seconds after liftoff .
U.S. Defence Secretary Robert Gates said the additional defences around Hawaii consist of a ground - based mobile missile system and a radar system nearby .
Together they could shoot an incoming missile in mid air .
' Without telegraphing what we will do , I would just say ... we are in a good position , should it become necessary , to protect Americans and American territory , ' Gates said today .
A new missile launch - though not expected to reach U.S. territory - would be a brazen slap in the face of the international community , which punished North Korea with new U.N. sanctions for conducting a second nuclear test on May 25 in defiance of a U.N. ban .
North Korea spurned the U.N. Security Council resolution with threats of war and pledges to expand its nuclear bomb - making program .
North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il inspecting the command of the 7th Infantry Division of the North Korean Peoples Army
The Security Council resolution calls on all 192 U.N. member states to inspect vessels on the high seas - with the owner country 's approval - if they believe the cargo contains banned weapons .
In what would be the first test case for the sanctions , the U.S. military has begun tracking a North Korean - flagged ship , Kang Nam , which left a port in North Korea on Wednesday , two U.S. officials said .
The ship , which may be carrying illicit weapons , was in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of China on today , the officials said on condition of anonymity because they were discussing intelligence .
It was uncertain what the Kang Nam was carrying , but it has been involved in weapons proliferation before , one of the officials said .
Details of the missile launch came from the Japan 's best - selling newspaper , Yomiuri Shimbun .
Both Japanese intelligence and U.S. reconnaissance satellites have collated information pointing to the launch , according to the report .
A missile fired from North Korea would have to travel 4,500 miles before it reached the U.S. state of Hawaii
It is understood the communist state is likely to fire the missile between July 4 and 8 .
A launch on July 4 would coincide with Independence Day in the States .
It would also be the 15th anniversary of North Korean president Kim Il - Sung 's death .
Officials had initially believed that North Korea might attempt to launch a similar device towards either Japan 's Okinawa island , Guam or Hawaii .
But the ministry concluded launches toward Okinawa or Guam were ' extremely unlikely ' because the first - stage booster could drop into waters off China , agitating Beijing , or hit western Japanese territory .
If the missile were fired in the direction of Hawaii , the booster could drop in the Sea of Japan .
News of the launch would put ' enormous military pressure on the United States , ' the Yomiuri said , citing the ministry report .
A spokesman for the Japanese Defense Ministry declined to comment on the report .
South Korea 's Defense Ministry and the National Intelligence Service - the country 's main spy agency - said they could not confirm it .
It was announced today that the U.S. has deployed anti-missile defences around Hawaii in response to the threat .
Tension on the divided Korean peninsula has risen markedly since the North , led by Kim Jong - il , conducted two nuclear tests this year in defiance of repeated international warnings
The first rocket , fired in April , was widely seen as a disguised long - range missile test .
A second launch came on May 25 .
U.S. satellite intelligence has shown that a missile launch pad had been erected at Dongchang - ri on North Korea 's north - west coast .
General James Cartwright , vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said it would take at least three to five years for North Korea to pose a real threat to the U.S. west coast .
The UN Security Council last week authorised member states to inspect North Korean sea , air and land cargo , requiring them to seize and destroy goods shipped that violate the sanctions against arms export .
On Saturday , in response to this declaration Pyongyang said it would bolster its nuclear programs and threatened war .
Growing tensions come as arms - watchdog the International Crisis Group ( ICG ) claimed North Korea has several thousand tonnes of chemical weapons it could mount on missiles .
The report from the non-government organisation said they believed the North 's army have about 2,500 to 5,000 tonnes of chemical weapons which include mustard gas , sarin and other deadly nerve agents .
ICG also also warned South Korea may become a target .
' If there is an escalation of conflict and if military hostilities break out , there is a risk that they could be used .
In conventional terms , North Korea is weak and they feel they might have to resort to using those , ' said Daniel Pinkston , the ICG 's representative in Seoul .
The North has been working on chemical weapons for decades and can deliver them through long - range artillery directed on Seoul which is home to about half of South Korea 's 49 million people and via missiles that could hit all of the country .
Also contained in rocks once molten are radioactive elements whose isotopes provide Earth with an atomic clock .
Within these rocks , " parent " isotopes decay at a predictable rate to form " daughter " isotopes .
By determining the relative amounts of parent and daughter isotopes , the age of these rocks can be calculated .
Thus , the results of studies of rock layers ( stratigraphy ) , and of fossils ( paleontology ) , coupled with the ages of certain rocks as measured by atomic clocks ( geochronology ) , attest to a very old Earth !
Heh .
I have to take this opportunity to commend " Cee Ell " for the comment about Wednesday 's comic .
It was the last one on there before today 's so I doubt many people saw it .
Anyway , the comment was " Hmmm , 300 pages ... the same job could be done by about 12 s'quires " .
This is a hilariously excellent pun , mostly because of the tremendous obscurity paired with the perfect dovetail into the existing joke .
Obviously a squire is another type of medieval knight 's assistant .
Generally considered to be of a higher " rank " than a page , it would be fitting that a fewer number of squires could accomplish the tasks .
So why the apostrophe in Cee Ell 's post ?
Because ( yes I had to look this up ) a quire is a stack of 25 sheets of paper , or pages .
GROAN ! 12 x 25 = 300 , of course .
Cee Ell you magnificent bastard , I 'm almost afraid to even ask why on Earth you knew that term .
Slow clap for you .
In other news , which is not really new but old , those " I WIN " tshirts are flying off the shelf on opposite day .
If you 're interested in seeing the design on other products , let me know .
Spreadshirt has a ton of options .
Supposedly you can get 10 % off an order of $ 30 or more by using the coupon code JUNE29 , but I just looked that up on the internet , so your mileage may vary .
Your Comments :
Ruby 1.9.2 is due by the end of the year - InfoQ used the release of 1.9.2 Preview 1 as an occasion to talk to Ruby 1.9.x VM maintainer Koichi Sasada about the future of the VM , Threading and the Garbage Collector .
InfoQ : At RubyConf '08 you mentioned that there were some optimizations in 1.9.x that are turned off by default , but you might turn them on in 1.9.2 .
What 's the status of this work ?
Koichi Sasada :
In fact , 1.9.2 does n't turn on optimizations .
It seems to need more experience to turn on such optimizations .
In short , there is no time to make experiments .
Some other trivial optimizations will be included .
If I can make a time to work on it , I want to implement some other ideas such as Proc #call optimization .
InfoQ : Ruby 1.9.2 Preview 1 had the longlife GC patch applied .
As I understand , a GC run for normal objects should now be faster since it ignores objects in the long lived object space ( until a full GC run - which includes long lived objects - happens ) .
Is that correct ?
Koichi Sasada : Yes .
Nari -san made it .
Mainly , some node objects belong to generational objects .
Some nodes were used as inline cache to improve VM performance .
This change ignore such inline cache objects to mark on GC .
However , I re-write inline cache codes to avoid node objects .
This means that inline cache code no longer use node objects .
Accordingly , this GC optimization have few improvement .
InfoQ :
It seems like the longlife GC patch is the first step towards a generational GC , particularly the introduction of code for handling write barriers and remembered sets .
Is a generational GC possible for 1.9.2 ?
Koichi Sasada : No .
It is limited to " uncovered " objects .
This is means that the objects that are not touched from C extension libraries .
If a part of code touches this object and forgets to make a write barrier , it can cause a critical bug such as causing SEGV .
CRuby ( Matz ) may not permit such a change .
Another Japanese researcher ( student ) is working on auto write - barrier ( WB ) insertion for GC implementations that need WBs .
If it succeeds , generational GC ( or incremental GC , also ) is no longer a dream :)
InfoQ : What are the difficulties in making a generational GC for the Ruby 1.9.x VM ?
I suppose moving objects might be an issue - would that create problems with native extensions ?
Koichi Sasada : Problem is , as I wrote , GC techniques needs completeness .
If someone forgets to add a write barrier , it should be serious problem .
In this background , another Japanese researcher proposed " mostly mark & compaction GC " .
This technique works as conservative , so it does n't need completeness ( of course , GC implementation should be complete .
I mean that no changes are needed for extension library interface ) .
InfoQ : - The Unladen Swallow project aims to remove the GIL in Python .
What are your plans for the GIL ( or GVL in Ruby ) in 1.9.2 or future versions ?
Koichi Sasada : On 1.9.2 or near future , I can't release GVL ( Giant VM Lock , GIL in YARV terminology ) .
Far future , I 'm not sure .
I 'm also not sure that we would be happy if GVL free threads are available .
In short , it makes scripting difficult .
InfoQ : Have you looked at how MacRuby solves the GIL problem ?
Koichi Sasada : Great work .
I want to watch the result of programmability .
If every Macruby users says they 're " happy " , we must change our mind :)
InfoQ : Does the GVL prevent problems with native extensions ?
Koichi Sasada : GVL does n't prevent any problem :)
In fact , my doctor thesis proposes a GVL free Ruby VM , which improves performance by CPU number .
On my parallel VM , a non-thread safe method ( written in C ) is invoked , at first , VM acquires GVL , and process such a method , and releases GVL .
In my thesis , some optimization and exception safe techniques are written ( unfortunately , it is written in Japanese ) .
On my parallel VM , VM features are thread - free , this means that parallel execution is available .
However , many thread - unsafe methods remain , for example methods of String , Array and more built - in classes .
This is simple ( but difficult .
makes buggy code easy ) work to make them thread - safe ( but many efforts are needed ) .
So I can say that " it is possible , of course " from implementation side .
However , as I wrote , I 'm not sure it makes us happy from language design side .
Currently , we are working on MVM ( Multi- Virtual Machine ) project sponsored by Sun Microsystems , Inc .
This project makes it possible to invoke many VMs in a process .
All VMs can run in parallel .
I think it is more preferable to manipulate parallelism than thread , of course if MVM operations needs low cost enough .
This cost is one of our research goals .
On MVM side , we do n't need to care about thread - safety , but VM communications .
This is only research project , but I want to ship off practical implementation .
In another projects , we are planning to utilize parallelism .
This is under consideration , but I hope I can show such a techniques at next RubyConf .
merlin :
TED : Elizabeth Gilbert on nurturing creativity Yeah , I know you ’ve seen it already .
Me , too .
Still , every time I watch it , this line makes me laugh : Like my dad , for example , was a chemical engineer , and I do n’t recall once in his 40 years of chemical engineering anybody asking him if he was afraid to be a chemical engineer … .
” That chemical engineering block , John — how ’s it going ? ”
Awesome TED speech .
And yes , I like Merlin Mann chuckled at the Chemical Engineering bit .
But the truth is .
In my brief experience in the ChemE field I saw a ton of “ Chemical Engineering ” block .
Chemical Engineers are out there afraid of these same things writers and artists and painters are afraid of .
Afraid of their creativity .
Afraid of it ’s fleeting nature .
Maybe the stuff a Chemical Engineering father is working on is too esoteric for anyone to think to ask “ how ’s that creative block ” ?
Or you are n’t attending enough Chemical Engineering parties :)
It ’s probably because you think of us Chemical Engineers as your math geeks from highschool , who you assume is n’t sweating creative challenges , and more typically is punching in numbers into our HP - 48 Gs .
Which by the way is the best graphing Calculators for all you carrying Casios :)
I used to be a Chemical Engineer ( ChemE ) , but gave it up early ( as soon as I graduated college ) .
I ’ve instead been developing and designing web - apps for the last 10 years ( inkling and tgethr being the latest ) .
You ’ll probably get an idea why I ’m no longer a ChemE from this post too .
A huge part of my ChemE life is informed from an internship I spent working in a uranium processing plant .
This is a place that takes uranium ore , does stuff to it , and then ships it to a separate facility / company for enrichment .
Of course there ’s “ non-creative ” things that you can imagine ChemEs are dealing with here and might be scared of too .
Here ’s a few of those types of things you better believe I was scared of , if you ’re interested .
— — —-
I was n’t fooling with stuff that was insanely radioactive ( that ’s after enrichment ) .
Although still more radioactive then sitting in an office developing Ruby on Rails web applications all day .
We still had to walk through Geiger counters ever day out of the office ( though largely probably to make sure we were n’t stealing this stuff ) .
And go through radiation tests every 3 months or so .
And then the place was pumping hydrogen fluoride ( HF ) everywhere .
HF is one crazy acid that burns through you real quick , and in my 3 months at this plant , there was an accident where someone got a hole burned through their shoulder because of some leak dripping above them .
We ’d have to wear acid suits around stuff like this , and its already over 100 degrees out .
You ca n’t even be in the suit for more than 15 - 30 minutes without being forced to take a break so you can rehydrate yourself .
Not to mention the gas masks we ’d carry wherever we went .
Or drills we ’d go through if there was a gas leak .
Drills the entire town would go through since a gas leak could cloud up and float into the town .
— — —-
But during this internship I definitely saw the creative block you might have thought was just reserved for your writers or your artists or your designers .
I got to work directly for the head of all engineering at this plant .
I watched this executive tasked with figuring out how to reinvent a uranium processing plant .
Uranium just was n’t making money like it used to .
Every day he worked his ass off looking and looking for a new derivative of some process around the plant or some way to make the plant produce something from it ’s current tools to start bringing in more money .
He was a boss so I did n’t get to ask “ is this scaring you ” , but I ’d bet money it was .
You could see it in his face and in his mood when his boss from some corporate headquarters would call him up .
A new young executive trying to make a ton of new money for this plant is a challenge that not only has to obey the laws of chemistry and physics , but something that needs at least an equal part inspiration .
And it ’s probably the laws of physics that make this harder in some cases on engineers then artists .
Imagine as a painter if not only you had to paint something , but that painting needed to survive in 200 degree heat with acid vapor surrounding it . :)
A lot of creative thoughts just end up in the trash because they just do n’t physically work .
I had my own personal needs for inspiration too during that stint .
Being his employee I was tasked with figuring out how to optimize certain processes so we can save a bunch of money .
I got to deal with the process of taking that HF acid and turning it into fluorine gas .
This process consists of these “ blocks ” ( anodes ) needed to be replaced quite often because they sit in the acid and melt like crazy .
But to make the process more efficient , we needed to know sooner when those blocks needed replacing .
We had some promising ideas that we could measure and see if they lead to any correlations .
And so I tested and tested and tested .
And I had to test in those friggin acid suits .
I had legal pads of hand written data ( not a lot of portable computers around acid ) and then all that data ended up in spreadsheets .
No correlation found .
I poured and poured over other research and data on these blocks and on acid .
3 months of looking at this problem .
Measuring stuff .
Experimenting with ideas .
Had a couple visits from the creativity genii .
But still no solution .
Never found one that summer .
So yeah , I know there ’s chemical engineers out their sweating about creativity and for inspiration .
And not having it .
Or having it only for it to get thrown out after experimentation .
Experiments that could take months or years .
And even outside of the uranium processing plant , I know ChemEs making cheese or fooling with diapers .
Same thing .
Folks spending countless hours groping for inspiration on solutions or product ideas , and when they get them , sometimes they do n’t coagulate right , or hold enough baby urine :)
I also think this is a good reminder that these labels or boxes of : I ’m a creative or I ’m an engineer - Suck .
I know a whole lot of engineers that would benefit greatly , if they also considered themselves artists .
And a lot of creative designers that could spend some time thinking of themselves as engineers .
I think the best ones do .
So yeah , engineers watch this TED speech .
THE
LIGHT OF ASIA
OR THE GREAT RENUNCIATION ( MAHABHINISHKRAMANA )
BEING
THE LIFE AND TEACHING
OF GAUTAMA
PRINCE OF INDIA AND FOUNDER OF BUDDHISM
( AS TOLD IN VERSE BY AN INDIAN BUDDHIST )
by
EDWIN ARNOLD
The Theosophy Company
Los Angeles , California
1998
THIS VOLUME
IS DUTIFULLY INSCRIBED TO .
THE SOVEREIGN , GRAND MASTER , AND COMPANIONS
OF
The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India
BY
THE AUTHOR .
PREFACE .
IN the following Poem I have sought , by the medium of an imaginary Buddhist votary , to depict the life and character and indicate the philosophy of that noble hero and reformer , Prince Gautama of India , the founder of Buddhism .
A generation ago little or nothing was known in Europe of this great faith of Asia , which had nevertheless existed during twenty - four centuries , and at this day surpasses , in the number of its followers and the area of its prevalence , any other form of creed .
Four hundred and seventy millions of our race live and die in the tenets of Gautama ; and the spiritual dominions of this ancient teacher extend , at the present time , from Nepaul and Ceylon over the whole Eastern Peninsula to China , Japan , Thibet , Central Asia , Siberia , and even Swedish Lapland .
India itself might fairly be included in this magnificent empire of belief , for though the profession of Buddhism has for the most part passed away from the land of its birth , the mark
viii
of Gautama ’s sublime teaching is stamped ineffaceably upon modern Brahmanism , and the most characteristic habits and convictions of the Hindus are clearly due to the benign influence of Buddha ’s precepts .
More than a third of mankind , therefore , owe their moral and religious ideas to this illustrious prince , whose personality , though imperfectly revealed in the existing sources of information , cannot but appear the highest , gentlest , holiest , and most beneficent , with one exception , in the history of Thought .
Discordant in frequent particulars , and sorely overlaid by corruptions , inventions , and misconceptions , the Buddhistical books yet agree in the one point of recording nothing — no single act or word — which mars the perfect purity and tenderness of this Indian teacher , who united the truest princely qualities with the intellect of a sage and the passionate devotion of a martyr .
Even M. Barthélemy St. Hilaire , totally misjudging , as he does , many points of Buddhism , is well cited by Professor Max Muller as saying of Prince Siddârtha , “ Sa vie n’a point de tache .
Son constant héroisme égale sa conviction ; et si la théorie qu’il préconise est fausse , les exemples personnels qu’il donne sont irréprochables .
Il est le modèle achevé de toutes les vertus qu’il prêche ; son abnégation , sa charité , son inaltérable douceur ne se démentent point un seul instant .
. . .
II prepare silencieusement
ix
sa doctrine par six années de retraite et de meditation ; il la propage par Ia seule puissance de Ia parole et de Ia persuasion pendant plus d’un demi-siècle , et quand il meurt entre les bras de ses disciples , c’est avec
Ia sérénité d’un sage qui a pratiqué le bien toute sa vie , et qui est assure d’avoir trouvé le vrai . ”
To Gautama has consequently been given this stupendous conquest of humanity ; and — though he discountenanced ritual , and declared himself , even when on the threshold of Nirvana , to be only what all other men might become — the love and gratitude of Asia , disobeying his mandate , have given him fervent worship .
Forests of flowers are daily laid upon his stainless shrines , and countless millions of lips daily repeat the formula , “ I take refuge in Buddha ! ”
The Buddha of this poem — if , as need not be doubted , he really existed — was born on the borders of Nepaul , about 620 B.C. , and died about 543 B.C. at Kusinagara in Oudh .
In point of age , therefore , most other creeds are youthful compared with this venerable religion , which has in it the eternity of a universal hope , the immortality of a boundless love , an indestructible element of faith in final good , and the proudest assertion ever made of human freedom .
The extravagances which disfigure the record and practice of Buddhism are to be referred to that inevitable degradation which priesthoods always
x
inflict upon great ideas committed to their charge .
The power and sublimity of Gautama ’s original doctrines should be estimated by their influence , not by their interpreters ; nor by that innocent but lazy and ceremonious church which has arisen on the foundations of the Buddhistic Brotherhood or “ Sangha . ”
I have put my poem into a Buddhist ’s mouth , because , to appreciate the spirit of Asiatic thoughts , they should be regarded from the Oriental point of view ; and neither the miracles which consecrate this record , nor the philosophy which it embodies , could have been otherwise so naturally reproduced .
The doctrine of Transmigration , for instance — startling to modern minds — was established and thoroughly accepted by the Hindus of Buddha ’s time ; that period when Jerusalem was being taken by Nebuchadnezzar , when Nineveh was falling to the Medes , and Marseilles was founded by the Phocæns .
The exposition here offered of so antique a system is of necessity incomplete , and — in obedience to the laws of poetic art — passes rapidly by many matters philosophically most important , as well as over the long ministry of Gautama .
But my purpose has been obtained if any just conception be here conveyed of the lofty character of this noble prince , and of the general purport of his doctrines .
As to these there has arisen prodigious controversy among the erudite ,
xi
who will be aware that I have taken the imperfect Buddhistic citations much as they stand in Spence Hardy ’s work , and have also modified more than one passage in the received narratives .
The views , however , here indicated of “ Nirvana , ” “ Dharma , ” “ Karma , ” and the other chief features of Buddhism , are at least the fruits of considerable study , and also of a firm conviction that a third of mankind would never have been brought to believe in blank abstractions , or in Nothingness as the issue and crown of Being .
Finally , in reverence to the illustrious Promulgator of this “ Light of Asia , ” and in homage to the many eminent scholars who have devoted noble labors to his memory , for which both repose and ability are wanting to me , I beg that the shortcomings of my too - hurried study may be forgiven .
It has been composed in the brief intervals of days without leisure , but is inspired by an abiding desire to aid in the better mutual knowledge of East and West .
The time may come , I hope , when this book and my “ Indian Song of Songs ” will preserve the memory of one who loved India and the Indian peoples .
EDWIN ARNOLD , C.S.I .
LONDON , July , 1879 .
THE LIGHT OF ASIA .
Book the First .
The Scripture of the Saviour of the World ,
Lord Buddha — Prince Siddârtha styled on earth —
In Earth and Heavens and Hells Incomparable ,
All - honored , Wisest , Best , most Pitiful ;
The Teacher of Nirvana and the Law .
Thus came he to be born again for men .
Below the highest sphere four Regents sit
Who rule our world , and under them are zones
2 .
Nearer , but high , where saintliest spirits dead
Wait thrice ten thousand years , then live again ;
And on Lord Buddha , waiting in that sky ,
Came for our sakes the five sure signs of birth
So that the Devas knew the signs , and said
“ Buddha will go again to help the World . ”
“ Yea ! ” spake He , “ now I go to help the World
This last of many times ; for birth and death
End hence for me and those who learn my Law .
I will go down among the Sâkyas ,
Under the southward snows of Himalay ,
Where pious people live and a just King . ”
That night the wife of King Suddhôdana ,
Maya the Queen , asleep beside her Lord ,
Dreamed a strange dream ; dreamed that a star from
heaven —
Splendid , six - rayed , in color rosy - pearl ,
Whereof the token was an Elephant
Six - tusked and whiter than Vahuka ’s milk —
3 .
Shot through the void and , shining into her ,
Entered her womb upon the right .
Awaked ,
Bliss beyond mortal mother ’s filled her breast ,
And over half the earth a lovely light
Forewent the morn .
The strong hills shook ; the waves
Sank lulled ; all flowers that blow by day came forth
As ‘ twere high noon ; down to the farthest hells
Passed the Queen ’s joy , as when warm sunshine thrills
Wood - glooms to gold , and into all the deeps
A tender whisper pierced .
“ Oh ye , ” it said ,
“ The dead that are to live , the live who die ,
Uprise , and hear , and hope !
Buddha is come ! ”
Whereat in Limbos numberless much peace
Spread , and the world ’s heart throbbed , and a wind blew
With unknown freshness over lands and seas .
And when the morning dawned , and this was told ,
The grey dream - readers said “ The dream is good !
The Crab is in conjunction with the Sun ;
The Queen shall bear a boy , a holy child
Of wondrous wisdom , profiting all flesh ,
4 .
Who shall deliver men from ignorance ,
Or rule the world , if he will deign to rule . ”
In this wise was the holy Buddha born .
Queen Maya stood at noon , her days fulfilled ,
Under a Palsa in the Palace - grounds ,
A stately trunk , straight as a temple - shaft ,
With crown of glossy leaves and fragrant blooms ;
And , knowing the time come — for all things knew —
The conscious tree bent down itsboughs to make
A bower about Queen Maya ’s majesty ,
And Earth put forth a thousand sudden flowers
To spread a couch , while , ready for the bath ,
The rock hard by gave out a limpid stream
Of crystal flow .
So brought she forth her child
Pangless — he having on his perfect form
The marks , thirty and two , of blessed birth ;
Of which the great news to the Palace came .
But when they brought the painted palanquin
5
To fetch him home , the bearers of the poles
Were the four Regents of the Earth , come down
From Mount Sumeru — they who write men ’s deeds
On brazen plates — the Angel of the East ,
Whose hosts are clad in silver robes , and bear
Targets of pearl : the Angel of the South ,
Whose horsemen , the Kumbhandas , ride blue steeds ,
With sapphire shields : the Angel of the West ,
By Nâgas followed , riding steeds blood - red ,
With coral shields : the Angel of the North ,
Environed by his Yakshas , all in gold ,
On yellow horses , bearing shields of gold .
These , with their pomp invisible , came down
And took the poles , in caste and outward garb
Like bearers , yet most mighty gods ; and gods
Walked free with men that day , though men knew not :
For Heaven was filled with gladness for Earth ’s sake ,
Knowing Lord Buddha thus was come again .
But King Suddhôdana wist not of this ;
6 .
The portents troubled , till his dream - readers
Augured a Prince of earthly dominance ,
A Chakravartin , such as rise to rule
Once in each thousand years ; seven gifts he has —
The Chakra-ratna , disc divine ; the gem ;
The horse , the Aswa-ratna , that proud steed
Which tramps the clouds ; a snow - white elephant ,
The Hasti-ratna , born to bear his King ;
The crafty Minister , the General
Unconquered , and the wife of peerless grace ,
The Istri-ratna , lovelier than the Dawn .
For which gifts looking with this wondrous boy ,
The King gave order that his town should keep
High festival ; therefore the ways were swept ,
Rose - odors sprinkled in the street , the trees
Were hung with lamps and flags , while merry crowds
Gaped on the sword - players and posturers ,
The jugglers , charmers , swingers , rope - walkers ,
The nautch - girls in their spangled skirts and bells
That chime light laughter round their restless feet ;
7 .
The masquers wrapped in skins of bear and deer .
The tiger - tamers , wrestlers , quail - fighters ,
Beaters of drum and twanglers of the wire ,
Who made the people happy by command .
Moreover from afar came merchant - men ,
Bringing , on tidings of this birth , rich gifts
In golden trays ; goat - shawls , and nard and jade ,
Turkises , “ evening - sky ” tint , woven webs —
So fine twelve folds hide not a modest face —
Waist - cloths sewn thick with pearls , and sandal - wood ;
Homage from tribute cities ; so they called
Their Prince Savârthasiddh , “ All - Prospering , ”
Briefer , Siddârtha .
‘ Mongst the strangers came
A grey - haired saint , Asita , one whose ears ,
Long closed to earthly things , caught heavenly sounds ,
And heard at prayer beneath his peepul - tree
The Devas singing songs at Buddha ’s birth .
Wondrous in lore he was by age and fasts ;
Him , drawing nigh , seeming so reverend ,
8 .
The King saluted , and Queen Maya made
To lay her babe before such holy feet ;
But when he saw the Prince the old man cried
“ Ah , Queen , not so ! ” and thereupon he touched
Eight times the dust , laid his waste visage there ,
Saying , “ O Babe !
I worship !
Thou art He !
I see the rosy light , the foot - sole marks ,
The soft curled tendril of the Swastika ,
The sacred primal signs thirty and two ,
The eighty lesser tokens .
Thou art Buddh ,
And thou wilt preach the Law and save all flesh
Who learn the Law , though I shall never hear ,
Dying too soon , who lately longed to die ;
Howbeit I have seen Thee .
Know , O King !
This is that Blossom on our human tree
Which opens once in many myriad years —
But opened , fills the world with Wisdom ’s scent
And Love ’s dropped honey ; from thy royal root
A Heavenly Lotus springs :
Ah , happy House !
Yet not all - happy , for a sword must pierce
9 .
Thy bowels for this boy — whilst thou , sweet Queen
Dear to all gods and men for this great birth ,
Henceforth art grown too sacred for more woe ,
And life is woe , therefore in seven days
Painless thou shalt attain the close of pain . ”
Which fell : for on the seventh evening
Queen Maya smiling slept , and waked no more ,
Passing content to Trâyastrinshas - Heaven ,
Where countless Devas worship her and wait
Attendant on that radiant Motherhead .
But for the Babe they found a foster - nurse ,
Princess Mahâprajâpati — her breast
Nourished with noble milk the lips of Him
Whose lips comfort the Worlds .
When th’ eighth year passed
The careful King bethought to teach his son
All that a Prince should learn , for still he shunned
The too vast presage of those miracles ,
The glories and the sufferings of a Buddh .
10
So , in full council of his Ministers ,
“ Who is the wisest man , great sirs , ” he asked ,
“ To teach my Prince that which a Prince should know ? ”
Whereto gave answer each with instant voice
“ King !
Viswamitra is the wisest one ,
The farthest - seen in Scriptures , and the best
In learning , and the manual arts , and all . ”
Thus Viswamitra came and heard commands ;
And , on a day found fortunate , the Prince
Took up his slate of ox - red sandal - wood ,
All - beautified by gems around the rim ,
And sprinkled smooth with dust of emery ,
These took he , and his writing - stick , and stood
With eyes bent down before the Sage , who said ,
“ Child , write this Scripture , ” speaking slow the verse
“ Gâyatri ” named , which only High - born hear : —
Om , tatsaviturvarenyam
Bhargo devasya dhimahi
Dhiyo yo na prachodayát .
11 .
“ Acharya , I write , ” meekly replied
The Prince , and quickly on the dust he drew —
Not in one script , but many characters —
The sacred verse ; Nagri and Dakshin , Nî ,
Mangal , Parusha , Yava , Tirthi , Uk ,
Darad , Sikhyani , Mana , Madhyachar ,
The pictured writings and the speech of signs ,
Tokens of cave - men and the sea-peoples ,
Of those who worship snakes beneath the earth ,
And those who flame adore and the sun ’s orb ,
The Magians and the dwellers on the mounds ;
Of all the nations all strange scripts he traced
One after other with his writing - stick ,
Reading the master ’s verse in every tongue ;
And Viswamitra said , “ It is enough ,
Let us to numbers .
After me repeat
Your numeration till we reach the Lakh ,
One , two , three , four , to ten , and then by tens
To hundreds , thousands . ”
After him the child
12 .
Named digits , decads , centuries ; nor paused ,
The round lakh reached , but softly murmured on
“ Then comes the kôti , nahut , ninnahut ,
Khamba , viskhamba , abab , attata ,
To kumuds , gundhikas , and utpalas ,
By pundarîkas unto padumas ,
Which last is how you count the utmost grains
Of Hastagiri ground to finest dust ;
But beyond that a numeration is ,
The Kâtha , used to count the stars of night ;
The Kôti-Kâtha , for the ocean drops ;
Ingga , the calculus of circulars ;
Sarvanikchepa , by the which you deal
With all the sands of Gunga , till we come
To Antah - Kalpas , where the unit is
The sands of ten crore Gungas .
If one seeks
More comprehensive scale , th’ arithmic mounts
By the Asankya , which is the tale
Of all the drops that in ten thousand years
Would fall on all the worlds by daily rain ;
13 .
Thence unto Maha Kalpas , by the which
The Gods compute their future and their past . ”
“ ‘ Tis good , ” the Sage rejoined , “ Most noble Prince ,
If these thou know ’st , needs it that I should teach
The mensuration of the lineal ? ”
Humbly the boy replied , “ Acharya ! ”
“ Be pleased to hear me .
Paramânus ten
A parasukshma make ; ten of those build
The trasarene , and seven trasarenes
One mote ’s - length floating in the beam , seven motes
The whisker - point of mouse , and ten of these
One likhya ; Iikhyas ten a yuka , ten
Yukas a heart of barley , which is held
Seven times a wasp - waist ; so unto the grain
Of mung and mustard and the barley - corn ,
Whereof ten give the finger - joint , twelve joints
The span , wherefrom we reach the cubit , staff
Bow - length , lance - length ; while twenty lengths of lance
14 .
Mete what is named a ‘ breath , ’ which is to say
Such space as man may stride with lungs once filled ,
Whereof a gow is forty , four times that
A yôjana ; and , Master !
if it please ,
I shall recite how many sun-motes lie
From end to end within a yôjana . ”
Thereat , with instant skill , the little Prince
Pronounced the total of the atoms true .
But Viswamitra heard it on his face
Prostrate before the boy ; “ For thou , ” he cried ,
“ Art Teacher of thy teachers — thou , not I ,
Art Gûrû .
Oh , I worship thee , sweet Prince !
That comest to my school only to show
Thou knowest all without the books , and know ’st
Fair reverence besides . ”
Which reverence
Lord Buddha kept to all his schoolmasters ,
Albeit beyond their learning taught ; in speech
Right gentle , yet so wise ; princely of mien ,
Yet softly - mannered ; modest , deferent ,
15 .
And tender - hearted , though of fearless blood ;
No bolder horseman in the youthful band
E ’er rode in gay chase of the shy gazelles ;
No keener driver of the chariot
In mimic contest scoured the Palace - courts ;
Yet in mid-play the boy would ofttimes pause ,
Letting the deer pass free ; would ofttimes yield
His half - won race because the laboring steeds
Fetched painful breath ; or if his princely mates
Saddened to lose , or if some wistful dream
Swept o’er his thoughts .
And ever with the years
Waxed this compassionateness of our Lord ,
Even as a great tree grows from two soft leaves
To spread its shade afar ; but hardly yet
Knew the young child of sorrow , pain , or tears ,
Save as strange names for things not felt by kings ,
Nor ever to be felt .
But it befell
In the Royal garden on a day of spring ,
A flock of wild swans passed , voyaging north
To their nest - places on Himâla ’s breast .
16 .
Calling in love - notes down their snowy line
The bright birds flew , by fond love piloted ;
And Devadatta , cousin of the Prince ,
Pointed his bow , and loosed a wilful shaft
Which found the wide wing of the foremost swan
Broad - spread to glide upon the free blue road ,
So that it fell , the bitter arrow fixed ,
Bright scarlet blood - gouts staining the pure plumes .
Which seeing , Prince Siddârtha took the bird
Tenderly up , rested it in his lap —
Sitting with knees crossed , as Lord Buddha sits —
And , soothing with a touch the wild thing ’s fright ,
Composed its ruffled vans , calmed its quick heart ,
Caressed it into peace with light kind palms
As soft as plantain - leaves an hour unrolled ;
And while the left hand held , the right hand drew
The cruel steel forth from the wound and laid
Cool leaves and healing honey on the smart .
Yet all so little knew the boy of pain
That curiously into his wrist he pressed
17 .
The arrow ’s barb , and winced to feel it sting ,
And turned with tears to soothe his bird again .
Then some one came who said , “ My Prince hath shot
A swan , which fell among the roses here ,
He bids me pray you send it .
Will you send ? ”
“ Nay , ” quoth Siddârtha , “ if the bird were dead
To send it to the slayer might be well ,
But the swan lives ; my cousin hath but killed
The god - like speed which throbbed in this white wing . ”
And Devadatta answered , “ The wild thing ,
Living or dead , is his who fetched it down ;
‘ Twas no man ’s in the clouds , but fall ’n ‘ tis mine ,
Give me my prize , fair Cousin . ”
Then our Lord
Laid the swan ’s neck beside his own smooth cheek
And gravely spake , “ Say no !
the bird is mine ,
The first of myriad things which shall be mine
By right of mercy and love ’s lordliness .
For now I know , by what within me stirs ,
That I shall teach compassion unto men
And be a speechless world ’s interpreter ,
18 .
Abating this accursed flood of woe ,
Not man ’s alone ; but , if the Prince disputes ,
Let him submit this matter to the wise
And we will wait their word . ”
So was it done ;
In full divan the business had debate ,
And many thought this thing and many that ,
Till there arose an unknown priest who said ,
“ If life be aught , the savior of a life
Owns more the living thing than he can own
Who sought to slay — the slayer spoils and wastes ,
The cherisher sustains , give him the bird : ”
Which judgment all found just ; but when the King
Sought out the sage for honor , he was gone ;
And some one saw a hooded snake glide forth , —
The gods come ofttimes thus !
So our Lord Buddh
Began his works of mercy .
Yet not more
Knew he as yet of grief than that one bird’s ,
Which , being healed , went joyous to its kind .
But on another day the King said , “ Come ,
19 .
Sweet son !
and see the pleasaunce of the spring ,
And how the fruitful earth is wooed to yield
Its riches to the reaper ; how my realm —
Which shall be thine when the pile flames for me —
Feeds all its mouths and keeps the King ’s chest filled .
Fair is the season with new leaves , bright blooms ,
Green grass , and cries of plough - time . ”
So they rode
Into a land of wells and gardens , where ,
All up and down the rich red loam , the steers
Strained their strong shoulders in the creaking yoke
Dragging the ploughs ; the fat soil rose and rolled
In smooth dark waves back from the plough ; who drove
Planted both feet upon the leaping share
To make the furrow deep ; among the palms
The tinkle of the rippling water rang ,
And where it ran the glad earth ‘ broidered it
With balsams and the spears of lemon - grass .
Elsewhere were sowers who went forth to sow ;
And all the jungle laughed with nesting - songs ,
And all the thickets rustled with small life
20 .
Of lizard , bee , beetle , and creeping things
Pleased at the spring - time .
In the mango - sprays
The sun-birds flashed ; alone at his green forge
Toiled the loud coppersmith ; bee - eaters hawked
Chasing the purple butterflies ; beneath ,
Striped squirrels raced , the mynas perked and picked ,
The nine brown sisters chattered in the thorn ,
The pied fish - tiger hung above the pool ,
The egrets stalked among the buffaloes ,
The kites sailed circles in the golden air ;
About the painted temple peacocks flew ,
The blue doves cooed from every well , far off
The village drums beat for some marriage - feast ;
All things spoke peace and plenty , and the Prince
Saw and rejoiced .
But , looking deep , he saw
The thorns which grow upon this rose of life :
How the swart peasant sweated for his wage ,
Toiling for leave to live ; and how he urged
The great - eyed oxen through the flaming hours ,
Goading their velvet flanks : then marked he , too ,
21 .
How lizard fed on ant , and snake on him ,
And kite on both ; and how the fish - hawk robbed
The fish - tiger of that which it had seized ;
The shrike chasing the bulbul , which did chase
The jewelled butterflies ; till everywhere
Each slew a slayer and in turn was slain ,
Life living upon death .
So the fair show
Veiled one vast , savage , grim conspiracy
Of mutual murder , from the worm to man ,
Who himself kills his fellow ; seeing which —
The hungry ploughman and his laboring kine ,
Their dewlaps blistered with the bitter yoke ,
The rage to live which makes all living strife —
The Prince Siddârtha sighed .
“ Is this , ” he said ,
“ That happy earth they brought me forth to see ?
How salt with sweat the peasant ’s bread !
how hard
The oxen ’s service !
in the brake how fierce
The war of weak and strong !
i’ th’ air what plots
No refuge e ’en in water .
Go aside
A space , and let me muse on what ye show . ”
22 .
So saying , the good Lord Buddha seated him
Under a jambu - tree , with ankles crossed —
As holy statues sit — and first began
To meditate this deep disease of life ,
What its far source and whence its remedy .
So vast a pity filled him , such wide love
For living things , such passion to heal pain ,
That by their stress his princely spirit passed
To ecstasy , and , purged from mortal taint
Of sense and self , the boy attained thereat
Dhyana , first step of “ the path . ”
There flew
High overhead that hour five holy ones ,
Whose free wings faltered as they passed the tree .
“ What power superior draws us from our flight ? ”
They asked , for spirits feel all force divine ,
And know the sacred presence of the pure .
Then , looking downward , they beheld the Buddh
Crowned with a rose - hued aureole , intent
On thoughts to save ; while from the grove a voice
23 .
Cried , “ Rishis this is He shall help the world ,
Descend and worship . ”
So the Bright Ones came
And sang a song of praise , folding their wings ,
Then journeyed on , taking good news to Gods .
But certain from the King seeking the Prince
Found him still musing , though the noon was past ,
And the sun hastened to the western hills :
Yet , while all shadows moved , the jambu - tree’s
Stayed in one quarter , overspreading him ,
Lest the sloped rays should strike that sacred head ;
And he who saw this sight heard a voice say ,
Amid the blossoms of the rose - apple ,
“ Let be the King ’s son ! till the shadow goes
Forth from his heart my shadow will not shift . ”
BOOK THE SECOND
Now , when our Lord was come to eighteen years ,
The King commanded that there should be built
Three stately houses , one of hewn square beams
With cedar lining , warm for winter days ;
One of veined marbles , cool for summer heat ;
And one of burned bricks , with blue tiles bedecked ,
Pleasant at seed - time , when the champaks bud —
Subha , Suramma , Ramma , were their names .
Delicious gardens round about them bloomed ,
Streams wandered wild and musky thickets stretched ,
With many a bright pavilion and fair lawn
In midst of which Siddârtha strayed at will ,
Some new delight provided every hour ;
And happy hours he knew , for life was rich ,
25 .
With youthful blood at quickest ; yet still came
The shadows of his meditation back ,
As the lake ’s silver dulls with driving clouds .
Which the King marking , called his Ministers :
“ Bethink ye , sirs how the old Rishi spake , ”
He said , “ and what my dream - readers foretold .
This boy , more dear to me than mine heart ’s blood ,
Shall be of universal dominance ,
Trampling the neck of all his enemies ,
A King of kings — and this is in my heart ; —
Or he shall tread the sad and lowly path
Of self - denial and of pious pains ,
Gaining who knows what good , when all is lost
Worth keeping ; and to this his wistful eyes
Do still incline amid my palaces .
But ye are sage , and ye will counsel me ;
How may his feet be turned to that proud road
Where they should walk , and all fair signs come true
Which gave him Earth to rule , if he would rule ? ”
26 .
The eldest answered , “ Maharaja ! love
Will cure these thin distempers ; weave the spell
Of woman ’s wiles about his idle heart .
What knows this noble boy of beauty yet ,
Eyes that make heaven forgot , and lips of balm ?
Find him soft wives and pretty playfellows ;
The thoughts ye cannot stay with brazen chains
A girl ’s hair lightly binds . ”
And all thought good ,
But the King answered , “ If we seek him wives ,
Love chooseth ofttimes with another eye ;
And if we bid range Beauty ’s garden round ,
To pluck what blossom pleases , he will smile
And sweetly shun the joy he knows not of . ”
Then said another , “ Roams the barasingh
Until the fated arrow flies ; for him ,
As for less lordly spirits , some one charms ,
Some face will seem a Paradise , some form
Fairer than pale Dawn when she wakes the world .
This do , my King !
Command a festival
27 .
Where the realm ’s maids shall be competitors
In youth and grace , and sports that Sâkyas use .
Let the Prince give the prizes to the fair ,
And , when the lovely victors pass his seat ,
There shall be those who mark if one or two
Change the fixed sadness of his tender cheek ;
So we may choose for Love with Love ’s own eyes ,
And cheat his Highness into happiness . ”
This thing seemed good ; wherefore upon a day
The criers bade the young and beautiful
Pass to the palace , for ‘ twas in command
To hold a court of pleasure , and the Prince
Would give the prizes , something rich for all ,
The richest for the fairest judged .
So flocked
Kapilavastu ’s maidens to the gate ,
Each with her dark hair newly smoothed and bound ,
Eyelashes lustred with the soorma - stick ,
Fresh - bathed and scented ; all in shawls and cloths
Of gayest ; slender hands and feet new - stained
With crimson , and the tilka - spots stamped bright .
28 .
Fair show it was of all those Indian girls
Slow - pacing past the throne with large black eyes
Fixed on the ground , for when they saw the Prince
More than the awe of Majesty made beat
Their fluttering hearts , he sate so passionless ,
Gentle , but so beyond them .
Each maid took
With down - dropped lids her gift , afraid to gaze ;
And if the people hailed some lovelier one
Beyond her rivals worthy royal smiles ,
She stood like a scared antelope to touch
The gracious hand , then fled to join her mates
Trembling at favor , so divine he seemed ,
So high and saint - like and above her world .
Thus filed they , one bright maid after another ,
The city ’s flowers , and all this beauteous march
Was ending and the prizes spent , when last
Came young Yasôdhara , and they that stood
Nearest Siddârtha saw the princely boy
Start , as the radiant girl approached .
A form
Of heavenly mould ; a gait like Parvati’s ;
29 .
Eyes like a hind ’s in love - time , face so fair
Words cannot paint its spell ; and she alone
Gazed full — folding her palms across her breasts —
On the boy ’s gaze , her stately neck unbent .
“ Is there a gift for me ? ” she asked , and , smiled .
“ The gifts are gone , ” the Prince replied , “ yet take
This for amends , dear sister , of whose grace
Our happy city boasts ; ” therewith he loosed
The emerald necklet from his throat , and clasped
Its green beads round her dark and silk - soft waist ;
And their eyes mixed , and from the look sprang love .
Long after — when enlightenment was full —
Lord Buddha being prayed why thus his heart
Took fire at first glance of the Sâkya girl ,
Answered , “ We were not strangers , as to us
And all it seemed ; in ages long gone by
A hunter ’s son , playing with forest girls
By Yamun ’s springs , where Nandadevi stands ,
Sate umpire while they raced beneath the firs
30 .
Like hares at eve that run their playful rings ;
One with flower - stars crowned he , one with long plumes
Plucked from eyed pheasant and the jungle - cock ,
One with fir - apples ; but who ran the last
Came first for him , and unto her the boy
Gave a tame fawn and his heart ’s love beside .
And in the wood they lived many glad years ,
And in the wood they undivided died .
Lo !
as hid seed shoots after rainless years ,
So good and evil , pains and pleasures , hates
And loves , and all dead deeds , come forth again
Bearing bright leaves or dark , sweet fruit or sour .
Thus I was he and she Yasôdhara ;
And while the wheel of birth and death turns round ,
That which hath been must be between us two . ”
But they who watched the Prince at prize - giving
Saw and heard all , and told the careful King
How sate Siddârtha heedless , till there passed
Great Suprabuddha ’s child , Yasôdhara ;
31 .
And how — at sudden sight of her — he changed ,
And how she gazed on him and he on her ,
And of the jewel - gift , and what beside
Passed in their speaking glance .
The fond King smiled :
“ Look !
we have found a lure ; take counsel now
To fetch therewith our falcon from the clouds .
Let messengers be sent to ask the maid
In marriage for my son . ”
But it was law
With Sâkyas , when any asked a maid
Of noble house , fair and desirable ,
He must make good his skill in martial arts
Against all suitors who should challenge it ;
Nor might this custom break itself for kings .
Therefore her father spake : “ Say to the King ,
The child is sought by princes far and near ;
If thy most gentle son can bend the bow ,
Sway sword , and back a horse better than they ,
Best would he be in all and best to us :
But how shall this be , with his cloistered ways ? ”
32 .
Then the King ’s heart was sore , for now the Prince
Begged sweet Yasôdhara for wife — in vain ,
With Devadatta foremost at the bow ,
Ardjuna master of all fiery steeds ,
And Nanda chief in sword - play ; but the Prince
Laughed low and said , “ These things , too , I have learned ;
Make proclamation that thy son will meet
All comers at their chosen games .
I think
I shall not lose my love for such as these . ”
So ‘ twas given forth that on the seventh day
The Prince Siddârtha summoned whoso would
To match with him in feats of manliness ,
The victor ’s crown to be Yasôdhara .
Therefore , upon the seventh day , there went
The Sâkya lords and town and country round
Unto the maidân ; and the maid went too
Amid her kinsfolk , carried as a bride ,
With music , and with litters gayly dight ,
And gold - horned oxen , flower - caparisoned .
33 .
Whom Devadatta claimed , of royal line ,
And Nanda and Ardjuna , noble both ,
The flower of all youths there , till the Prince came
Riding his white horse Kantaka , which neighed ,
Astonished at this great strange world without :
Also Siddârtha gazed with wondering eyes
On all those people born beneath the throne ,
Otherwise housed than kings , otherwise fed ,
And yet so like — perchance — in joys and griefs .
But when the Prince saw sweet Yasôdhara ,
Brightly he smiled , and drew his silken rein ,
Leaped to the earth from Kantaka ’s broad back ,
And cried , “ He is not worthy of this pearl
Who is not worthiest ; let my rivals prove
If I have dared too much in seeking her . ”
Then Nanda challenged for the arrow - test
And set a brazen drum six gows away ,
Ardjuna six and Devadatta eight ;
But Prince Siddârtha bade them set his drum
Ten gows from off the line , until it seemed
34 .
A cowry - shell for target .
Then they loosed ,
And Nanda pierced his drum , Ardjuna his ,
And Devadatta drove a well - aimed shaft
Through both sides of his mark , so that the crowd
Marvelled and cried ; and sweet Yasôdhara
Dropped the gold sari o’er her fearful eyes ,
Lest she should see her Prince ’s arrow fail .
But he , taking their bow of lacquered cane ,
With sinews bound , and strung with silver wire ,
Which none but stalwart arms could draw a span ,
Thrummed it — low laughing — drew the twisted string
Till the horns kissed , and the thick belly snapped :
“ That is for play , not love , ” he said ; “ hath none
A bow more fit for Sâkya lords to use ? ”
And one said , “ There is Sinhahânu ’s bow ,
Kept in the temple since we know not when ,
Which none can string , nor draw if it be strung . ”
“ Fetch me , ” he cried , . “ that weapon of a man
They brought the ancient bow , wrought of black steel ,
Laid with gold tendrils on its branching curves
35 .
Like bison - horns ; and twice Siddrtha tried
Its strength across his knee , then spake — “ Shoot now
With this , my cousins ! ” but they could not bring
The stubborn arms a hand ’s - breadth nigher use ;
Then the Prince , lightly leaning , bent the bow ,
Slipped home the eye upon the notch , and twanged
Sharply the cord , which , like an eagle ’s wing
Thrilling the air , sang forth so clear and loud
That feeble folk at home that day inquired
“ What is this sound ? ” and people answered them ,
“ It is the sound of Sinhahânu ’s bow ,
Which the King ’s son has strung and goes to shoot ; ”
Then fitting fair a shaft , he drew and loosed ,
And the keen arrow clove the sky , and drave
Right through that farthest drum , nor stayed its flight ,
But skimmed the plain beyond , past reach of eye .
Then Devadatta challenged with the sword ,
And clove a Talas - tree six fingers thick ;
Ardjuna seven ; and Nanda cut through nine ;
36 .
But two such stems together grew , and both
Siddârtha ’s blade shred at one flashing stroke ,
Keen , but so smooth that the straight trunks upstood ,
And Nanda cried , “ His edge turned ! ” and the maid
Trembled anew seeing the trees erect ,
Until the Devas of the air , who watched ,
Blew light breaths from the south , and both green crowns
Crashed in the sand , clean - felled .
Then brought they steeds ,
High - mettled , nobly - bred , and three times scoured
Around the maidân , but white Kantaka
Left even the fleetest far behind — so swift ,
That ere the foam fell from his mouth to earth
Twenty spear - lengths he flew ; but Nanda said ,
“ We too might win with such as Kantaka ;
Bring an unbroken horse , and let men see
Who best can back him . ”
So the syces brought
A stallion dark as night , led by three chains ,
Fierce - eyed , with nostrils wide and tossing mane ,
Unshod , unsaddled , for no rider yet
37 .
Had crossed him .
Three times each young Sákya
Sprang to his mighty back , but the hot steed
Furiously reared , and flung them to the plain
In dust and shame ; only Ardjuna held
His seat awhile , and , bidding loose the chains ,
Lashed the black flank , and shook the bit , and held
The proud jaws fast with grasp of master - hand ,
So that in storms of wrath and rage and fear
The savage stallion circled once the plain
Half - tamed ; but sudden turned with naked teeth ,
Gripped by the foot Ardjuna , tore him down ,
And would have slain him , but the grooms ran in
Fettering the maddened beast .
Then all men cried ,
“ Let not Siddârtha meddle with this Bhût ,
Whose liver is a tempest , and his blood
Red flame ; ” but the Prince said , “ Let go the chains ,
Give me his forelock only , ” which he held
With quiet grasp , and , speaking some low word ,
Laid his right palm across the stallion ’s eyes ,
And drew it gently down the angry face ,
38 .
And all along the neck and panting flanks ,
Till men astonished saw the night - black horse
Sink his fierce crest and stand subdued and meek ,
As though he knew our Lord and worshipped him .
Nor stirred he while Siddârtha mounted , then
Went soberly to touch of knee and rein
Before all eyes , so that the people said ,
“ Strive no more , for Siddârtha is the best . ”
And all the suitors answered “ He is best “
And Suprabuddha , father of the maid ,
Said , “ It was in our hearts to find thee best ,
Being dearest , yet what magic taught thee more
Of manhood ‘ mid thy rose - bowers and thy dreams
Than war and chase and world ’s work bring to these ?
But wear , fair Prince , the treasure thou hast won . ”
Then at a word the lovely Indian girl
Rose from her place above the throng , and took
A crown of môgra - flowers and lightly drew
The veil of black and gold across her brow ,
39 .
Proud pacing past the youths , until she came
To where Siddârtha stood in grace divine ,
New lighted from the night - dark steed , which bent
Its strong neck meekly underneath his arm .
Before the Prince lowly she bowed , and bared
Her face celestial beaming with glad love ;
Then on his neck she hung the fragrant wreath ,
And on his breast she laid her perfect head ,
And stooped to touch his feet with proud glad eyes ,
Saying , “ Dear Prince , behold me , who am thine !
And all the throng rejoiced , seeing them pass
Hand fast in hand , and heart beating with heart ,
The veil of black and gold drawn close again .
Long after — when enlightenment was come —
They prayed Lord Buddha touching all , and why
She wore this black and gold , and stepped so proud .
And the World - honored answered , “ Unto me
This was unknown , albeit it seemed half known ;
For while the wheel of birth and death turns round ,
40 .
Past things and thoughts , and buried lives come back .
I now remember , myriad rains ago ,
What time I roamed Himâla ’s hanging woods ,
A tiger , with my striped and hungry kind ;
I , who am Buddh , couched in the kusa grass
Gazing with green blinked eyes upon the herds
Which pastured near and nearer to their death
Round my day - lair ; or underneath the stars
I roamed for prey , savage , insatiable ,
Sniffing the paths for track of man and deer .
Amid the beasts that were my fellows then ,
Met in deep jungle or by reedy jheel ,
A tigress , comeliest of the forest , set
The males at war ; her hide was lit with gold ,
Black - broidered like the veil Yasôdhara
Wore for me ; hot the strife waxed in that wood
With tooth and claw , while underneath a neem
The fair beast watched us bleed , thus fiercely wooed .
And I remember , at the end she came
Snarling past this and that torn forest - lord
41 .
Which I had conquered , and with fawning jaws
Licked my quick - heaving flank , and with me went
Into the wild with proud steps , amorously .
The wheel of birth and death turns low and high . ”
Therefore the maid was given unto the Prince
A willing spoil ; and when the stars were good —
Mesha , the Red Ram , being Lord of heaven —
The marriage feast was kept , as Sâkyas use ,
The golden gadi set , the carpet spread ,
The wedding garlands hung , the arm - threads tied ,
The sweet cake broke , the rice and attar thrown ,
The two straws floated on the reddened milk ,
Which , coming close , betokened “ love till death ; ”
The seven steps taken thrice around the fire ,
The gifts bestowed on holy men , the alms
And temple offerings made , the mantras sung ,
The garments of the bride and bridegroom tied .
Then the grey father spake : “ Worshipful Prince ,
She that was ours henceforth is only thine ;
42 .
Be good to her , who hath her life in thee . ”
Wherewith they brought home sweet Yasôdhara ,
With songs and trumpets , to the Prince ’s arms ,
And love was all in all .
Yet not to love
Alone trusted the King ; love ’s prison - house
Stately and beautiful he bade them build ,
So that in all the earth no marvel was
Like Vishramvan , the Prince ’s pleasure - place .
Midway in those wide palace - grounds there rose
A verdant hill whose base Rohini bathed ,
Murmuring adown from Himalay ’s broad feet ,
To bear its tribute into Gunga ’s waves .
Southward a growth of tamarind trees and sâl ,
Thick set with pale sky - colored ganthi flowers ,
Shut out the world , save if the city ’s hum
Came on the wind no harsher than when bees
Hum out of sight in thickets .
Northwards soared
The stainless ramps of huge Himâla ’s wall ,
Ranged in white ranks against the blue — untrod ,
43 .
Infinite , wonderful — whose uplands vast ,
And lifted universe of crest and crag ,
Shoulder and shelf , green slope and icy horn ,
Riven ravine , and splintered precipice
Led climbing thought higher and higher , until
It seemed to stand in heaven and speak with gods .
Beneath the snows dark forests spread , sharp laced
With leaping cataracts and veiled with clouds :
Lower grew rose - oaks and the great fir groves
Where echoed pheasant ’s call and panther ’s cry ,
Clatter of wild sheep on the stones , and scream
Of circling eagles : under these the plain
Gleamed like a praying - carpet at the foot
Of those divinest altars .
Fronting this
The builders set the bright pavilion up ,
Fair - planted on the terraced hill , with towers
On either flank and pillared cloisters round .
Its beams were carved with stories of old time —
Radha and Krishna and the sylvan girls —
Sita and Hanuman and Draupadi ;
44 .
And on the middle porch God Ganesha ,
With disc and hook — to bring wisdom and wealth —
Propitious sate , wreathing his sidelong trunk .
By winding ways of garden and of court
The inner gate was reached , of marble wrought ,
White with pink veins ; the lintel lazuli ,
The threshold alabaster , and the doors
Sandal - wood , cut in pictured panelling ;
Whereby to lofty halls and shadowy bowers
Passed the delighted foot , on stately stairs ,
Through latticed galleries , ‘ neath painted roofs
And clustering columns , where cool fountains — fringed
With lotus and nelumbo — danced , and fish
Gleamed through their crystal , scarlet , gold , and blue .
Great - eyed gazelles in sunny alcoves browsed
The blown red roses ; birds of rainbow wing
Fluttered among the palms ; doves , green and grey ,
Built their safe nests on gilded cornices ;
Over the shining pavements peacocks drew
The splendors of their trains , sedately watched
45 .
By milk - white herons and the small house - owls .
The plum - necked parrots swung from fruit to fruit ;
The yellow sunbirds whirred from bloom to bloom ,
The timid lizards on the lattice basked
Fearless , the squirrels ran to feed from hand ,
For all was peace : the shy black snake , that gives
Fortune to households , sunned his sleepy coils
Under the moon - flowers , where the musk - deer played ,
And brown - eyed monkeys chattered to the crows .
And all this house of love was peopled fair
With sweet attendance , so that in each part
With lovely sights were gentle faces found ,
Soft speech and willing service , each one glad
To gladden , pleased at pleasure , proud to obey ;
Till life glided beguiled , like a smooth stream
Banked by perpetual flow ’rs , Yasôdhara
Queen of the enchanting Court .
But innermost ,
Beyond the richness of those hundred halls ,
A secret chamber lurked , where skill had spent
All lovely fantasies to lull the mind .
46 .
The entrance of it was a cloistered square —
Roofed by the sky , and in the midst a tank —
Of milky marble built , and laid with slabs
Of milk - white marble ; bordered round the tank
And on the steps , and all along the frieze
With tender inlaid work of agate - stones .
Cool as to tread in summer - time on snows
It was to loiter there ; the sunbeams dropped
Their gold , and , passing into porch and niche ,
Softened to shadows , silvery , pale , and dim ,
As if the very Day paused and grew Eve
In love and silence at that bower ’s gate ;
For there beyond the gate the chamber was ,
Beautiful , sweet ; a wonder of the world !
Soft light from perfumed lamps through windows fell
Of nakre and stained stars of lucent film
On golden cloths outspread , and silken beds ,
And heavy splendor of the purdah ’s fringe ,
Lifted to take only the loveliest in .
Here , whether it was night or day none knew ,
For always streamed that softened light , more bright
47 .
Than sunrise , but as tender as the eve’s ;
And always breathed sweet airs , more joy - giving
Than morning ’s , but as cool as midnight ’s breath ;
And night and day lutes sighed , and night and day
Delicious foods were spread , and dewy fruits ,
Sherbets new chilled with snows of Himalay ,
And sweetmeats made of subtle daintiness ,
With sweet tree - milk in its own ivory cup .
And night and day served there a chosen band
Of nautch girls , cup - bearers , and cymballers ,
Delicate , dark - browed ministers of love ,
Who fanned the sleeping eyes of the happy Prince ,
And when he waked , led back his thoughts to bliss
With music whispering through the blooms , and charm
Of amorous songs and dreamy dances , linked
By chime of ankle - bells and wave of arms
And silver vina - strings ; while essences
Of musk and champak and the blue haze spread
From burning spices soothed his soul again
To drowse by sweet Yasôdhara ; and thus
Siddrtha lived forgetting .
48 .
Furthermore ,
The King commanded that within those walls
No mention should be made of death or age ,
Sorrow , or pain , or sickness .
If one drooped
In the lovely Court — her dark glance dim , her feet
Faint in the dance — the guiltless criminal
Passed forth an exile from that Paradise ,
Lest he should see and suffer at her woe .
Bright - eyed intendants watched to execute
Sentence on such as spake of the harsh world
Without , where aches and plagues were , tears and fears ,
And wail of mourners , and grim fume of pyres .
‘ Twas treason if a thread of silver strayed
In tress of singing - girl or nautch - dancer ;
And every dawn the dying rose was plucked ,
The dead leaves hid , all evil sights removed :
For said the King , “ If he shall pass his youth
Far from such things as move to wistfulness ,
And brooding on the empty eggs of thought ,
The shadow of this fate , too vast for man ,
May fade , belike , and I shall see him grow
49 .
To that great stature of fair sovereignty
When he shall rule all lands — if he will rule —
The King of kings and glory of his time . ”
Wherefore , around that pleasant prison - house —
Where love was gaoler and delights its bars ,
But far removed from sight — the King bade build
A massive wall , and in the wall a gate
With brazen folding - doors , which but to roll
Back on their hinges asked a hundred arms ;
Also the noise of that prodigious gate
Opening , was heard full half a yôjana .
And inside this another gate he made ,
And yet within another — through the three
Must one pass if he quit that Pleasure - house .
Three mighty gates there were , bolted and barred ,
And over each was set a faithful watch ;
And the King ’s order said , “ Suffer no man
To pass the gates , though he should be the Prince :
This on your lives — even though it be my son . ”
Book the Third .
IN which calm home of happy life and love
Ligged our Lord Buddha , knowing not of woe ,
Nor want , nor pain , nor plague , nor age , nor death ,
Save as when sleepers roam dim seas in dreams ,
And land awearied on the shores of day ,
Bringing strange merchandise from that black voyage .
Thus ofttimes when he lay with gentle head
Lulled on the dark breasts of Yasôdhara ,
Her fond hands fanning slow his sleeping lids ,
He would start up and cry , “ My world !
Oh , world !
I hear !
I know !
I come ! “
And she would ask ,
“ What ails my Lord ? ” with large eyes terror - struck ;
For at such times the pity in his look
Was awful , and his visage like a god’s .
51 .
Then would he smile again to stay her tears ,
And bid the vinas sound ; but once they set
A stringed gourd on the sill , there where the wind
Could linger o’er its notes and play at will —
Wild music makes the wind on silver strings —
And those who lay around heard only that ;
But Prince Siddârtha heard the Devas play ,
And to his ears they sang such words as these : —
We are the voices of the wandering wind ,
Which moan for rest and rest can never find ;
La !
as the wind is so is mortal life ,
A man , a sigh , a sob , a storm , a strife .
Wherefore and whence we are ye cannot know ,
Nor where life springs nor whither life doth go ;
We are as ye are , ghosts from the inane ,
What pleasure have we of our changeful pain !
What pleasure hast thou of thy changeless bliss !
Nay , if love lasted , there were joy in this ;
But life ’s way is the wind ’s way , all these things
Are but brief voices breathed on shifting strings .
52 .
O Maya ’s son !
because we roam the earth
Moan we upon these strings , we make no mirth ,
So many woes we see in many lands ,
So many streaming eyes and wringing hands .
Yet mock we while we wail , for , could they know ,
This ljfe they cling to is but empty show ;
Twere all as well to bid a cloud to stand ,
Or hold a running river with the hand .
But thou that art to save , thine hour is nigh !
The sad world waileth in its misery ,
The blind world stumbleth on its round of pain ;
Rise , Maya ’s child !
wake !
slumber not again /
We are the voices of the wandering wind :
Wander thou , too , 0 Prince , thy rest to find ;
Leave love for love of lovers , for woe ’s sake
Quit state for sorrow , and deliverance make .
So sigh we , passing o’er the silver strings ,
To thee who know ’st not yet of earthly things ;
So say we ; mocking , as we pass away ,
These lovely shadows wherewith thou dost play .
53 .
Thereafter it befell he sate at eve
Amid his beauteous Court , holding the hand
Of sweet Yasôdhara , and some maid told —
With breaks of music when her rich voice dropped —
An ancient tale to speed the hour of dusk ,
Of love , and of a magic horse , and lands
Wonderful , distant , where pale peoples dwelled ,
And where the sun at night sank into seas .
Then spake he , sighing , “ Chitra brings me back
The wind ’s song in the strings with that fair tale .
Give her , Yasôdhara , thy pearl for thanks .
But thou , my pearl !
is there so wide a world ?
Is there a land which sees the great sun roll
Into the waves , and are there hearts like ours ,
Countless , unknown , not happy — it may be —
Whom we might succor if we knew of them ?
Ofttimes I marvel , as the Lord of day
Treads from the east his kingly road of gold ,
Who first on the world ’s edge hath hailed his beam ,
The children of the morning ; oftentimes ,
54 .
Even in thine arms and on thy breasts , bright wife ,
Sore have I panted , at the sun ’s decline ,
To pass with him into that crimson west
And see the peoples of the evening .
There must be many we should love — how else ?
Now have I in this hour an ache , at last ,
Thy soft lips cannot kiss away : oh , girl !
O Chitra ! you that know of fairyland !
Where tether they that swift steed of the tale ?
My palace for one day upon his back ,
To ride and ride and see the spread of the earth !
Nay , if I had yon callow vulture ’s plumes —
The carrion heir of wider realms than mine —
How would I stretch for topmost Himalay ,
Light where the rose - gleam lingers on those snows ,
And strain my gaze with searching what is round !
Why have I never seen and never sought ?
Tell me what lies beyond our brazen gates . ”
Then one replied , “ The city first , fair Prince !
55 .
The temples , and the gardens , and the groves ,
And then the fields , and afterwards fresh fields ,
With nullahs , maidâns , jungle , koss on koss ;
And next King Bimbasâra ’s realm , and then
The vast flat world , with crores on crores of folk . ”
“ Good , ” said Siddârtha , “ let the word be sent
That Channa yoke my chariot — at noon
To - morrow I shall ride and see beyond . ”
Whereof they told the King : “ Our Lord , thy son ,
Wills that his chariot be yoked at noon ,
That he may ride abroad and see mankind . ”
“ Yea ! ” spake the careful King , “ ‘ tis time he see !
But let the criers go about and bid
My city deck itself , so there be met
No noisome sight ; and let none blind or maimed ,
None that is sick or stricken deep in years ,
No leper , and no feeble folk come forth . ”
Therefore the stones were swept , and up and down
56 .
The water - carriers sprinkled all the streets
From spirting skins , the housewives scattered fresh
Red powder on their thresholds , strung new wreaths ,
And trimmed the tulsi - bush before their doors .
The paintings on the walls were heightened up
With liberal brush , the trees set thick with flags ,
The idols gilded ; in the four - went ways
Suryadeva and the great gods shone
‘ Mid shrines of leaves ; so that the city seemed
A capital of some enchanted land .
Also the criers passed , with drum and gong ,
Proclaiming loudly , “ Ho ! all citizens ,
The King commands that there be seen to - day
No evil sight : let no one blind or maimed ,
None that is sick or stricken deep in years ,
No leper , and no feeble folk go forth .
Let none , too , burn his dead nor bring them out
Till nightfall .
Thus Suddhôdana commands . ”
So all was comely and the houses trim
57 .
Throughout Kapilavastu , while the Prince
Came forth in painted car , which two steers drew ,
Snow - white , with swinging dewlaps and huge humps
Wrinkled against the carved and lacquered yoke .
Goodly it was to mark the people ’s joy
Greeting their Prince ; and glad Siddârtha waxed
At sight of all those liege and friendly folk
Bright - clad and laughing as if life were good .
“ Fair is the world , ” he said , “ it likes me well !
And light and kind these men that are not kings ,
And sweet my sisters here , who toil and tend ;
What have I done for these to make them thus ?
Why , if I love them , should those children know ?
I pray take up yon pretty Sâkya boy
Who flung us flowers , and let him ride with me .
How good it is to reign in realms like this !
How simple pleasure is , if these be pleased
Because I come abroad !
How many things
I need not if such little households hold
Enough to make our city full of smiles !
58 .
Drive , Channa !
through the gates , and let me see
More of this gracious world I have not known . ”
So passed they through the gates , a joyous crowd
Thronging about the wheels , whereof some ran
Before the oxen , throwing wreaths , some stroked
Their silken flanks , some brought them rice and cakes ,
All crying , “ Fai ! jai ! for our noble Prince ! “
Thus all the path was kept with gladsome looks
And filled with fair sights — for the King ’s word was
That such should be — when midway in the road ,
Slow tottering from the hovel where he hid ,
Crept forth a wretch in rags , haggard and foul ,
An old , old man , whose shrivelled skin , sun-tanned ,
Clung like a beast ’s hide to his fleshless bones .
Bent was his back with load of many days ,
His eyepits red with rust of ancient tears ,
His dim orbs blear with rheum , his toothless jaws
Wagging with palsy and the fright to see
So many and such joy .
One skinny hand
59 .
Clutched a worn staff to prop his quavering limbs ,
And one was pressed upon the ridge of ribs
Whence came in gasps the heavy painful breath .
“ A1 ms ! ” moaned he , “ give , good people ! for I die
To - morrow or the next day ! ” then the cough
Choked him , but still he stretched his palm , and
stood
Blinking , and groaning ‘ mid his spasms , “ Alms ! ”
Then those around had wrenched his feeble feet
Aside , and thrust him from the road again ,
Saying , “ The Prince ! dost see ?
get to thy lair ! ”
But that Siddârtha cried , “ Let be ! let be !
Channa !
what thing is this who seems a man ,
Yet surely only seems , being so bowed ,
So miserable , so horrible , so sad ?
Are men born sometimes thus ?
What meaneth he
Moaning ‘ to - morrow or next day I die ? ’
Finds he no food that so his bones jut forth ?
What woe hath happened to this piteous one ? ”
Then answer made the charioteer , “ Sweet Prince
60 .
This is no other than an aged man .
Some fourscore years ago his back was straight ,
His eye bright , and his body goodly : now
The thievish years have sucked his sap away ,
Pillaged his strength and filched his will and wit ;
His lamp has lost its oil , the wick burns black ;
What life he keeps is one poor lingering spark
Which flickers for the finish : such is age ;
Why should your Highness heed ? ”
Then spake the
Prince —
“ But shall this come to others , or to all ,
Or is it rare that one should be as he ? ”
“ Most noble , ” answered Channa , “ even as he ,
Will all these grow if they shall live so long . ”
“ But , ” quoth the Prince , “ if I shall live as long
Shall I be thus ; and if Yasôdhara
Live fourscore years , is this old age for her ,
Jâlîni , little Hasta , Gautami ,
And Gunga , and the others ? ” “ Yea , great Sir ! ”
The charioteer replied .
Then spake the Prince :
61 .
“ Turn back , and drive me to my house again !
I have seen that I did not think to see . ”
Which pondering , to his beauteous Court returned
Wistful Siddârtha , sad of mien and mood ;
Nor tasted he the white cakes nor the fruits
Spread for the evening feast , nor once looked up
While the best palace - dancers strove to charm :
Nor spake — save one sad thing — when wofully
Yasôdhara sank to his feet and wept ,
Sighing , “ Hath not my Lord comfort in me ? ”
“ Ah , Sweet ! ” he said , “ such comfort that my soul
Aches , thinking it must end , for it will end ,
And we shall both grow old , Yasôdhara
Loveless , unlovely , weak , and old , and bowed .
Nay , though we locked up love and life with lips
So close that night and day our breaths grew one ,
Time would thrust in between to filch away
My passion and thy grace , as black Night steals
The rose - gleams from yon peak , which fade to grey
62
And are not seen to fade .
This have I found ,
And all my heart is darkened with its dread ,
And all my heart is fixed to think how Love
Might save its sweetness from the slayer , Time ,
Who makes men old . ”
So through that night he sate
Sleepless , uncomforted .
And all that night
The King Suddhôdana dreamed troublous dreams .
The first fear of his vision was a flag
Broad , glorious , glistening with a golden sun ,
The mark of India ; but a strong wind blew ,
Rending its folds divine , and dashing it
Into the dust ; whereat a concourse came
Of shadowy Ones , who took the spoiled silk up
And bore it eastward from the city gates .
The second fear was ten huge elephants ,
With silver tusks and feet that shook the earth ,
Trampling the southern road in mighty march ;
And he who sate upon the foremost beast
Was the King ’s son — the others followed him .
63 .
The third fear of the vision was a car ,
Shining with blinding light , which four steeds drew ,
Snorting white smoke and champing fiery foam ;
And in the car the Prince Siddârtha sate .
The fourth fear was a wheel which turned and turned ,
With nave of burning gold and jewelled spokes ,
And strange things written on the binding tire ,
Which seemed both fire and music as it whirled .
The fifth fear was a mighty drum , set down
Midway between the city and the hills ,
On which the Prince beat with an iron mace ,
So that the sound pealed like a thunderstorm ,
Rolling around the sky and far away .
The sixth fear was a tower , which rose and rose
High o’er the city till its stately head
Shone crowned with clouds , and on the top the Prince
Stood , scattering from both hands , this way and that ,
Gems of most lovely light , as if it rained
Jacynths and rubies ; and the whole world came ,
Striving to seize those treasures as they fell
64 .
Towards the four quarters .
But the seventh fear was
A noise of wailing , and behold six men
Who wept and gnashed their teeth , and laid their palms
Upon their mouths , walking disconsolate .
These seven fears made the vision of his sleep ,
But none of all his wisest dream - readers
Could tell their meaning .
Then the King was wroth ,
Saying , “ There cometh evil to my house ,
And none of ye have wit to help me know
What the great gods portend sending me this . ”
So in the city men went sorrowful
Because the King had dreamed seven signs of fear
Which none could read ; but to the gate there came
An aged man , in robe of deer - skin clad ,
By guise a hermit , known to none ; he cried ,
“ Bring me before the King , for I can read
The vision of his sleep ; ” who , when he heard
The sevenfold mysteries of the midnight dream ,
Bowed reverent and said , “ O Maharâj
65 .
I hail this favored House , whence shall arise
A wider - reaching splendor than the sun’s !
Lo !
all these seven fears are seven joys ,
Whereof the first , where thou didst see a flag —
Broad , glorious , gilt with Indra ’s badge — cast down
And carried out , did signify the end
Of old faiths and beginning of the new ,
For there is change with gods not less than men ,
And as the days pass kalpas pass at length .
The ten great elephants that shook the earth
The ten great gifts of wisdom signify ,
In strength whereof the Prince shall quit his state
And shake the world with passage of the Truth .
The four flame - breathing horses of the car
Are those four fearless virtues which shall bring
Thy son from doubt and gloom to gladsome light ;
The wheel that turned with nave of burning gold
Was that most precious
Wheel of perfect Law
Which he shall turn in sight of all the world .
The mighty drum whereon the Prince did beat ,
66 .
Till the sound filled all lands , doth signify
The thunder of the preaching of the Word
Which he shall preach ; the tower that grew to heaven
The growing of the Gospel of this Buddh
Sets forth ; and those rare jewels scattered thence
The untold treasures are of that good Law
To gods and men dear and desirable .
Such is the interpretation of the tower ;
But for those six men weeping with shut mouths ,
They are the six chief teachers whom thy son
Shall , with bright truth and speech unanswerable ,
Convince of foolishness .
O King ! rejoice ;
The fortune of my Lord the Prince is more
Than kingdoms , and his hermit - rags will be
Beyond fine cloths of gold .
This was thy dream !
And in seven nights and days these things shall fall . ”
So spake the holy man , and lowly made
The eight prostrations , touching thrice the ground ;
Then turned and passed ; but when the King bade send
A rich gift after him , the messengers
67 .
Brought word , “ We came to where he entered in
At Chandra ’s temple , but within was none
Save a grey owl which fluttered from the shrine . ”
The gods come sometimes thus .
But the sad King
Marvelled , and gave command that new delights
Be compassed to enthrall Siddârtha ’s heart
Amid those dancers of his pleasure - house ,
Also he set at all the brazen doors
A doubled guard .
Yet who shall shut out Fate ?
For once again the spirit of the Prince
Was moved to see this world beyond his gates ,
This life of man , so pleasant if its waves
Ran not to waste and woful finishing
In Time ’s dry sands .
“ I pray you let me view
Our city as it is , ” such was his prayer
To King Suddhôdana .
“ Your Majesty
In tender heed hath warned the folk before
68 .
To put away ill things and common sights ,
And make their faces glad to gladden me ,
And all the causeways gay ; yet have I learned
This is not daily life , and if I stand
Nearest , my father , to the realm and thee ,
Fain would I know the people and the streets ,
Their simple usual ways , and workday deeds ,
And lives which those men live who are not kings .
Give me good leave , dear Lord ! to pass unknown
Beyond my happy gardens ; I shall come
The more contented to their peace again ,
Or wiser , father , if not well content .
Therefore , I pray thee , let me go at will
To -morrow , with my servants , through the streets . ”
And the King said , among his Ministers ,
“ Belike this second flight may mend the first .
Note how the falcon starts at every sight
New from his hood , but what a quiet eye
Cometh of freedom ; let my son see all ,
And bid them bring me tidings of his mind . ”
69 .
Thus on the morrow , when the noon was come ,
The Prince and Channa passed beyond the gates ,
Which opened to the signet of the King ;
Yet knew not they who rolled the great doors back
It was the King ’s son in that merchant ’s robe ,
And in the clerkly dress his charioteer .
Forth fared they by the common way afoot ,
Mingling with all the Sâkya citizens ,
Seeing the glad and sad things of the town :
The painted streets alive with hum of noon ,
The traders cross-legged ‘ mid their spice and grain ,
The buyers with their money in the cloth ,
The war of words to cheapen this or that ,
The shout to clear the road , the huge stone wheels ,
The strong slow oxen and their rustling loads ,
The singing bearers with the palanquins ,
The broad - necked hamals sweating in the sun ,
The housewives bearing water from the well
With balanced chatties , and athwart their hips
The black - eyed babes ; the fly - swarmed sweetmeat shops ,
70 .
The weaver at his loom , the cotton - bow
Twanging , the millstones grinding meal , the dogs
Prowling for orts , the skilful armorer
With tong and hammer linking shirts of mail ,
The blacksmith with a mattock and a spear
Reddening together in his coals , the school
Where round their Guru , in a grave half - moon ,
The Sâkya children sang the mantras through ,
And learned the greater and the lesser gods ;
The dyers stretching , waistcloths in the sun
Wet from the vats — orange , and rose , and green ;
The soldiers clanking past with swords and shields ,
The camel - drivers rocking on the humps ,
The Brahman proud , the martial Kshatriya ,
The humble toiling Sudra ; here a throng
Gathered to watch some chattering snake - tamer
Wind round his wrist the living jewellery
Of asp and nag , or charm the hooded death
To angry dance with drone of beaded gourd ;
There a long line of drums and horns , which went ,
71 .
With steeds gay painted and silk canopies ,
To bring the young bride home ; and here a wife
Stealing with cakes and garlands to the god
To pray her husband ’s safe return from trade ,
Or beg a boy next birth ; hard by the booths
Where the swart potters beat the noisy brass
For lamps and lotas ; thence , by temple walls
And gateways , to the river and the bridge
Under the city walls .
These had they passed
When from the roadside moaned a mournful voice ,
“ Help , masters ! lift me to my feet ; oh , help !
Or I shall die before I reach my house ! ”
A stricken wretch it was , whose quivering frame ,
Caught by some deadly plague , lay in the dust
Writhing , with fiery purple blotches specked ;
The chill sweat beaded on his brow , his mouth
Was dragged awry with twitchings of sore pain ,
The wild eyes swam with inward agony .
Gasping , he clutched the grass to rise , and rose
72 .
Half - way , then sank , with quaking feeble limbs
And scream of terror , crying , “ Ah , the pain !
Good people , help ! ” whereon Siddârtha ran ,
Lifted the woful man with tender hands ,
With sweet looks laid the sick head on his knee ,
And while his soft touch comforted the wretch ,
Asked , “ Brother , what is ill with thee ?
what harm
Hath fallen ?
wherefore canst thou not arise ?
Why is it , Channa , that he pants and moans ,
And gasps to speak and sighs so pitiful ? ”
Then spake the charioteer : “ Great Prince ! this man
Is smitten with some pest ; his elements
Are all confounded ; in his veins the blood ,
Which ran a wholesome river , leaps and boils
A fiery flood ; his heart , which kept good time ,
Beats like an ill - played drum - skin , quick and slow ;
His sinews slacken like a bow - string slipped ;
The strength is gone from ham , and loin , and neck ,
And all the grace and joy of manhood fled :
This is a sick man with the fit upon him .
73 .
See how he plucks and plucks to seize his grief ,
And rolls his bloodshot orbs , and grinds his teeth ,
And draws his breath as if ‘ twere choking smoke .
Lo !
now he would be dead , but shall not die
Until the plague hath had its work in him ,
Killing the nerves which die before the life ;
Then , when his strings have cracked with agony
And all his bones are empty of the sense
To ache , the plague will quit and light elsewhere .
Oh , sir !
it is not good to hold him so !
The harm may pass , and strike thee , even thee . ”
But spake the Prince , still comforting the man ,
“ And are there others , are there many thus ?
Or might it be to me as now with him ? ”
“ Great Lord ! “ answered the charioteer , “ this comes
In many forms to all men ; griefs and wounds ,
Sickness and tetters , palsies , leprosies ,
Hot fevers , watery wastings , issues , blains
Befall all flesh and enter everywhere . ”
“ Come such ills unobserved ? ” the Prince inquired .
74 .
And Channa said , “ Like the sly snake they come
That stings unseen ; like the striped murderer ,
Who waits to spring from the Karunda bush ,
Hiding beside the jungle path ; or like
The lightning , striking these and sparing those ,
As chance may send . ”
“ Then all men live in fear ? ”
“ So live they , Prince ! “
“ And none can say , ‘ I sleep
Happy and whole to - night , and so shall wake ? ’ ”
“ None say it . ”
“ And the end of many aches ,
Which come unseen , and will come when they come ,
Is this , a broken body and sad mind ,
And so old age ? ”
“ Yea , if men last as long . ”
“ But if they cannot bear their agonies ,
Or if they will not bear , and seek a term ;
Or if they bear , and be , as this man is ,
75 .
Too weak except for groans , and so still live ,
And growing old , grow older , then what end ? ”
“ They die , Prince . ”
“ Die ? ”
“ Yea , at the last comes death ,
In whatsoever way , whatever hour .
Some few grow old , most suffer and fall sick ,
But all must die — behold , where comes the Dead ! “
Then did Siddârtha raise his eyes , and see
Fast pacing towards the river brink a band
Of wailing people , foremost one who swung
An earthen bowl with lighted coals , behind
The kinsmen shorn , with mourning marks , ungirt ,
Crying aloud , “ O Rama , Rama , hear !
Call upon Rama , brothers ; ” next the bier ,
Knit of four poles with bamboos interlaced ,
Whereon lay , stark and stiff , feet foremost , ‘ lean ,
Chapfallen , sightless , hollow - flanked , a - grin ,
76 .
Sprinkled with red and yellow dust — the Dead ,
Whom at the four - went ways they turned head first ,
And crying “ Rama , Rama ! ” carried on
To where a pile was reared beside the stream ;
Thereon they laid him , building fuel up —
Good sleep hath one that slumbers on that bed !
He shall not wake for cold albeit he lies
Naked to all the airs — for soon they set
The red flame to the corners four , which crept ,
And licked , and ffickered , finding out his flesh
And feeding on it with swift hissing tongues ,
And crackle of parched skin , and snap of joint ;
Till the fat smoke thinned and the ashes sank
Scarlet and grey , with here and there a bone
White midst the grey — the total of the man .
Then spake the Prince : “ Is this the end which comes
To all who live ? ”
“ This is the end that comes
To all , ” quoth Channa ; “ he upon the pyre —
77 .
Whose remnants are so petty that the crows
Caw hungrily , then quit the fruitless feast —
Ate , drank , laughed , loved , and lived , and liked life well .
Then came — who knows ? — some gust of jungle - wind ,
A stumble on the path , a taint in the tank ,
A snake ’s nip , half a span of angry steel ,
A chill , a fishbone , or a falling tile ,
And life was over and the man is dead ;
No appetites , no pleasures ; and no pains
Hath such ; the kiss upon his lips is nought ,
The fire - scorch nought ; he smelleth not his flesh
A -roast , nor yet the sandal and the spice
They burn ; the taste is emptied from his mouth ,
The hearing of his ears is clogged , the sight
Is blinded in his eyes ; those whom he loved
Wail desolate , for even that must go ,
The body , which was lamp unto the life ,
Or worms will have a horrid feast of it .
Here is the common destiny of flesh :
The high and low , the good and bad , must die ,
78 .
And then , ‘tis taught , begin anew and live
Somewhere , somehow , — who knows ? — and so again
The pangs , the parting , and the lighted pile : — .
Such is man ’s round . ”
But lo !
Siddârtha turned
Eyes gleaming with divine tears to the sky ,
Eyes lit with heavenly pity to the earth ;
From sky to earth he looked , from earth to sky ,
As if his spirit sought in lonely flight
Some far - off vision , linking this and that ,
Lost — past — but searchable , but seen , but known .
Then cried he , while his lifted countenance
Glowed with the burning passion of a love
Unspeakable , the ardor of a hope
Boundless , insatiate : “ Oh ! suffering world ,
Oh !
known and unknown of my common flesh ,
Caught in this common net of death and woe ,
And life which binds to both !
I see , I feel
The vastness of the agony of earth ,
The vainness of its joys , the mockery
79 .
Of all its best , the anguish of its worst ;
Since pleasures end in pain , and youth in age ,
And love in loss , and life in hateful death ,
And death in unknown lives , which will but yoke
Men to their wheel again to whirl the round
Of false delights and woes that are not false .
Me too this lure hath cheated , so it seemed
Lovely to live , and life a sunlit stream
For ever flowing in a changeless peace ;
Whereas the foolish ripple of the flood
Dances so lightly down by bloom and lawn
Only to pour its crystal quicklier
Into the foul salt sea .
The veil is rent
Which blinded me !
I am as all these men
Who cry upon their gods and are not heard
Or are not heeded — yet there must be aid !
For them and me and all there must be help !
Perchance the gods have need of help themselves
Being so feeble that when sad lips cry
They can not save !
I would not let one cry
80 .
Whom I could save !
How can it be that Brahm
Would make a world and keep it miserable ,
Since , if all - powerful , he leaves it so ,
He is not good , and if not powerful ,
He is not God ? — Channa ! lead home again !
It is enough !
mine eyes have seen enough ! ”
Which when the King heard , at the gates he set
A triple guard , and bade no man should pass
By day or night , issuing or entering in ,
Until the days were numbered of that dream .
Book the Fourth ,
BUT when the days were numbered , then befell
The parting of our Lord — which was to be —
Whereby came wailing in the Golden Home ,
Woe to the King and sorrow o’er the land ,
But for all flesh deliverance , and that Law
Which — whoso hears — the same shall make him free .
Softly the Indian night sinks on the plains
At full moon in the month of Chaitra Shud ,
When mangoes redden and the asôka buds
Sweeten the breeze , and Rama ’s birthday comes ,
And all the fields are glad and all the towns .
Softly that night fell over Vishramvan ,
Fragrant with blooms and jewelled thick with stars ,
And cool with mountain airs sighing adown
82 .
From snow - flats on Himâla high - outspread ;
For the moon swung above the eastern peaks ,
Climbing the spangled vault , and lighting clear
Rohini ’s ripples and the hills and plains ,
And all the sleeping land , and near at hand
Silvering those roof - tops of the pleasure - house ,
Where nothing stirred nor sign of watching was ,
Save at the outer gates , whose warders cried
Mudra , the watchword , and the countersign
Angana , and the watch - drums beat a round ;
Whereat the earth lay still , except for call
Of prowling jackals , and the ceaseless trill
Of crickets on the garden grounds .
Within —
Where the moon glittered through the lace - worked stone .
Lighting the walls of pearl - shell and the floors
Paved with veined marble — softly fell her beams
On such rare company of Indian girls ,
It seemed some chamber sweet in Paradise
83 .
Where Devîs rested .
All the chosen ones
Of Prince Siddârtha ’s pleasure - home were there ,
The brightest and most faithful of the Court ,
Each form so lovely in the peace of sleep ,
That you had said “ This is the pearl of all ! ”
Save that beside her or beyond her lay
Fairer and fairer , till the pleasured gaze
Roamed o’er that feast of beauty as it roams
From gem to gem in some great goldsmith - work ,
Caught by each color till the next is seen .
With careless grace they lay , their soft brown limbs
Part hidden , part revealed ; their glossy hair
Bound back with gold or flowers , or flowing loose
In black waves down the shapely nape and neck .
Lulled into pleasant dreams by happy toils ,
They slept , no wearier than jewelled birds
Which sing and love all day , then under wing
Fold head till morn bids sing and love again .
Lamps of chased silver swinging from the roof
In silver chains , and fed with perfumed oils ,
84 .
Made with the moonbeams tender lights and shades ,
Whereby were seen the perfect lines of grace ,
The bosom ’s placid heave , the soft stained palms
Drooping or clasped , the faces fair and dark ,
The great arched brows , the parted lips , the teeth
Like pearls a merchant picks to make a string ,
The satin - lidded eyes , with lashes dropped
Sweeping the delicate cheeks , the rounded wrists ,
The smooth small feet with bells and bangles decked ,
Tinkling low music where some sleeper moved ,
Breaking her smiling dream of some new dance
Praised by the Prince , some magic ring to find ,
Some fairy love - gift .
Here one lay full - length ,
Her vina by her cheek , and in its strings
The little fingers still all interlaced
As when the last notes of her light song played
Those radiant eyes to sleep and sealed her own .
Another slumbered folding in her arms
A desert - antelope , its slender head
Buried with back - sloped horns between her breasts
85 .
Soft nestling ; it was eating — when both drowsed —
Red roses , and her loosening hand still held
A rose half - mumbled , while a rose - leaf curled
Between the deer ’s lips .
Here two friends had dozed
Together , weaving môgra-buds , which bound
Their sister - sweetness in a starry chain ,
Linking them limb to limb and heart to heart ,
One pillowed on the blossoms , one on her .
Another , ere she slept , was stringing stones
To make a necklet — agate , onyx , sard ,
Coral , and moonstone — round her wrist it gleamed
A coil of splendid color , while she held ,
Unthreaded yet , the bead to close it up
Green turkis , carved with golden gods and scripts .
Lulled by the cadence of the garden stream ,
Thus lay they oh the clustered carpets , each
A girlish rose with shut leaves , waiting dawn
To open and make daylight beautiful .
This was the antechamber of the Prince ;
But at the purdah ’s fringe the sweetest slept —
86 .
Gunga and Gotami — chief ministers
In that still house of love .
The purdah hung ,
Crimson and blue , with broidered threads of gold ,
Across a portal carved in sandal - wood ,
Whence by three steps the way was to the bower
Of inmost splendor , and the marriage - couch
Set on a dais soft with silver cloths ,
Where the foot fell as though it trod on piles
Of neem - blooms .
All the walls were plates of pearl ,
Cut shapely from the shells of Lanka ’s wave ;
And o’er the alabaster roof there ran
Rich inlayings of lotus and of bird ,
Wrought in skilled work of lazulite and jade ,
Jacynth and jasper ; woven round the dome ,
And down the sides , and all about the frames
Wherein were set the fretted lattices ,
Through which there breathed , with moonlight and cool
airs ,
Scents from the shell - flowers and the jasmine sprays ;
87 .
Not bringing thither grace or tenderness
Sweeter than shed from those fair presences
Within the place — the beauteous Sâkya Prince ,
And hers , the stately , bright Yasôdhara .
Half risen from her soft nest at his side ,
The chuddah fallen to her waist , her brow
Laid in both palms , the lovely Princess leaned
With heaving bosom and fast falling tears .
Thrice with her lips she touched Siddârtha ’s hand ,
And at the third kiss moaned , “ Awake , my Lord !
Give me the comfort of thy speech ! “
Then he —
“ What is it with thee , O my life ? ” but still
She moaned anew before the words would come ;
Then spake , “ Alas , my Prince !
I sank to sleep
Most happy , for the babe I bear of thee
Quickened this eve , and at my heart there beat
That double pulse of life and joy and love
Whose happy music lulled me , but — aho ! —
In slumber I beheld three sights of dread ,
88 .
With thought whereof my heart is throbbing yet .
I saw a white bull with wide branching horns ,
A lord of pastures , pacing through the streets ,
Bearing upon his front a gem which shone
As if some star had dropped to glitter there ,
Or like the kantha - stone the great Snake keeps
To make bright daylight underneath the earth .
Slow through the streets towards the gates he paced ,
And none could stay him , though there came a voice
From Indra ’s temple , ‘ If ye stay him not ,
The glory of the city goeth forth . ’
Yet none could stay him .
Then I wept aloud ,
And locked my arms about his neck , and strove ,
And bade them bar the gates ; but that ox - king
Bellowed , and , lightly tossing free his crest ,
Broke from my clasp , and bursting through the bars ,
Trampled the warders down and passed away .
The next strange dream was this : Four Presences
Splendid , with shining eyes , so beautiful
They seemed the Regents of the Earth who dwell
89 .
On Mount Sumeru , lighting from the sky
With retinue of countless heavenly ones ,
Swift swept unto our city , where I saw
The golden flag of Indra on the gate
Flutter and fall ; and lo there rose instead
A glorious banner , all the folds whereof
Rippled with flashing fire of rubies sewn
Thick on the silver threads , the rays wherefrom
Set forth new words and weighty sentences
Whose message made all living creatures glad ;
And from the east the wind of sunrise blew
With tender waft , opening those jewelled scrolls
So that all flesh might read ; and wondrous blooms —
Plucked in what clime I know not — fell in showers ,
Colored as none are colored in our groves . ”
Then spake the Prince : “ All this , my Lotus - flower !
Was good to see . ”
“ Ay , Lord , ” the Princess said ,
“ Save that it ended with a voice of fear
90 .
Crying , ‘ The time is nigh !
the time is nigh ! ’
Thereat the third dream came ; for when I sought
Thy side , sweet Lord ! ah , on our bed there lay
An unpressed pillow and an empty robe —
Nothing of thee but those !
— nothing of thee ,
Who art my life and light , my king , my world !
And sleeping still I rose , and sleeping saw
Thy belt of pearls , tied here below my breasts ,
Change to a stinging snake ; my ankle - rings
Fall off ; my golden bangles part and fall ;
The jasmines in my hair wither to dust ;
While this our bridal - couch sank to the ground ,
And something rent the crimson purdah down ;
Then far away I heard the white bull low ,
And far away the embroidered banner flap ,
And once - again that cry , ‘ The time is come !‘
But with that cry — which shakes my spirit still —
I woke !
O Prince !
what may such visions mean
Except I die , or — worse than any death —
Thou shouldst forsake me or be taken ? ”
91 .
Sweet
As the last smile of sunset was the look
Siddârtha bent upon his weeping wife .
“ Comfort thee , dear ! ” he said , “ if comfort lives
In changeless love ; for though thy dreams may be
Shadows of things to come , and though the gods
Are shaken in their seats , and though the world
Stands nigh , perchance , to know some way of help ,
Yet , whatsoever fall to thee and me ,
Be sure I loved and love Yasôdhara .
Thou knowest how I muse these many moons ,
Seeking to save the sad earth I have seen ;
And when the time comes , that which will be will .
But if my soul yearns sore for souls unknown ,
And if I grieve for griefs which are not mine ,
Judge how my high - winged thoughts must hover here
O ’er all these lives that share and sweeten mine —
So dear !
and thine the dearest , gentlest , best ,
And nearest .
Ah , thou mother of my babe !
Whose body mixed with mine for this fair hope ,
92 .
When most my spirit wanders , ranging round
The lands and seas — as full of ruth for men
As the far - flying dove is full of ruth
For her twin nestlings — ever it has come
Home with glad wing and passionate plumes to thee ,
Who art the sweetness of my kind best seen ,
The utmost of their good , the tenderest
Of all their tenderness , mine most of all .
Therefore , whatever after this betide ,
Bethink thee of that lordly bull which lowed ,
That jewelled banner in thy dream which waved
Its folds departing , and of this be sure ,
Always I loved and always love thee well ,
And what I sought for all sought most for thee .
But thou , take comfort ; and , if sorrow falls ,
Take comfort still in deeming there may be
A way of peace on earth by woes of ours ;
And have with this embrace what faithful love
Can think of thanks or frame for benison —
Too little , seeing love ’s strong self is weak —
93 .
Yet kiss me on the mouth , and drink these words
From heart to heart therewith , that thou mayst know —
What others will not — that I loved thee most
Because I loved so well all living souls .
Now , Princess !
rest , for I will rise and watch . ”
Then in her tears she slept , but sleeping sighed —
As if that vision passed again — “ The time
The time is come ! “
Whereat Sicldârtha turned ,
And , lo ! the moon shone by the Crab !
the stars
In that same silver order long foretold
Stood ranged to say , “ This is the night ! — choose thou
The way of greatness or the way of good :
To reign a King of kings , or wander lone ,
Crownless and homeless , that the world be helped . ”
Moreover , with the whispers of the gloom
Came to his ears again that warning song ,
As when the Devas spoke upon the wind :
And surely Gods were round about the place
Watching our Lord , who watched the shining stars .
94 .
“ I will depart , ” he spake ; “ the hour is come !
Thy tender lips , dear sleeper , summon me
To that which saves the earth but sunders us ;
And in the silence of yon sky I read
My fated message flashing .
Unto this
Came I , and unto this all nights and days
Have led me ; for I will not have that crown
Which may be mine : I lay aside those realms
Which wait the gleaming of my naked sword :
My chariot shall not roll with bloody wheels
From victory to victory , till earth
Wears the red record of my name .
I choose
To tread its paths with patient , stainless feet ,
Making its dust my bed , its loneliest wastes
My dwelling , and its meanest things my mates :
Clad in no prouder garb than outcasts wear ,
Fed with no meats save what the charitable
Give of their will , sheltered by no more pomp
Than the dim cave lends or the jungle - bush .
This will I do because the woful cry
95 .
Of life and all flesh living cometh up
Into my ears , and all my soul is full
Of pity for the sickness of this world ;
Which I will heal , if healing may be found
By uttermost renouncing and strong strife .
For which of all the great and lesser Gods
Have power or pity ?
Who hath seen them — who ?
What have they wrought to help their worshippers ?
How hath it steaded man to pray , and pay
Tithes of the corn and oil , to chant the charms ,
To slay the shrieking sacrifice , to rear
The stately fane , to feed the priests , and call
On Vishnu , Shiva , Surya , who save
None — not the worthiest — from the griefs that teach
Those litanies of flattery and fear
Ascending day by day , like wasted smoke ?
Hath any of my brothers ‘ scaped thereby
The aches of life , the stings of love and loss ,
The fiery fever and the ague - shake ,
The slow , dull sinking into withered age ,
96 .
The horrible dark death — and what beyond
Waits — till the whirling wheel comes up again ,
And new lives bring new sorrows to be borne ,
New generations for the new desires
Which have their end in the old mockeries ?
Hath any of my tender sisters found
Fruit of the fast or harvest of the hymn ,
Or bought one pang the less at bearing - time
For white curds offered and trim tulsi-leaves ?
Nay ; it may be some of the Gods are good
And evil some , but all in action weak ;
Both pitiful and pitiless , and both —
As men are — bound upon this wheel of change ,
Knowing the former and the after lives .
For so our scriptures truly seem to teach ,
That — once , and wheresoe ’er , and whence begun —
Life runs its rounds of living , climbing up
From mote , and gnat , and worm , reptile , and fish ,
Bird and shagged beast , man , demon , deva , God ,
To clod and mote again ; so are we kin
97 .
To all that is ; and thus , if one might save
Man from his curse , the whole wide world should share
The lightened horror of this ignorance
Whose shadow is chill fear , and cruelty
Its bitter pastime .
Yea , if one might save !
And means must be !
There must be refuge !
Men
Perished in winter - winds till one smote fire
From flint - stones coldly hiding what they held ,
The red spark treasured from the kindling sun .
They gorged on flesh like wolves , till one sowed corn ,
Which grew a weed , yet makes the life of man ;
They mowed and babbled till some tongue struck speech ,
And patient fingers framed the lettered sound .
What good gift have my brothers , but it came
From search and strife and loving sacrifice ?
If one , then , being great and fortunate ,
Rich , dowered with health and ease , from birth designed
To rule — if he would rule — a King of kings ;
If one , not tired with life ’s long day but glad
I’ the freshness of its morning , one not cloyed
98 .
With love ’s delicious feasts , but hungry still ;
If one not worn and wrinkled , sadly sage ,
But joyous in the glory and the grace
That mix with evils here , and free to choose
Earth ’s loveliest at his will : one even as I ,
Who ache not , lack not , grieve not , save with griefs
Which are not mine , except as I am man ; —
If such a one , having so much to give ,
Gave all , laying it down for love of men ,
And thenceforth spent himself to search for truth ,
Wringing the secret of deliverance forth ,
Whether it lurk in hells or hide in heavens ,
Or hover , unrevealed , nigh unto all :
Surely at last , far off , sometime , somewhere ,
The veil would lift for his deep - searching eyes ,
The road would open for his painful feet ,
That should be won for which he lost the world ,
And Death might find him conqueror of death .
This will I do , who have a realm to lose ,
Because I love my realm , because my heart
99 .
Beats with each throb of all the hearts that ache ,
Known and unknown , these that are mine and those
Which shall be mine , a thousand million more
Saved by this sacrifice I offer now .
Oh , summoning stars !
I come !
Oh , mournful earth !
For thee and thine I lay aside my youth ,
My throne , my joys , my golden days , my nights ,
My happy palace — and thine arms , sweet Queen !
Harder to put aside than all the rest !
Yet thee , too , I shall save , saving this earth ;
And that which stirs within thy tender womb ,
My child , the hidden blossom of our loves ,
Whom if I wait to bless my mind will fail .
Wife !
child !
father !
and people !
ye must share
A little while the anguish of this hour
That light may break and all flesh learn the Law .
Now am I fixed , and now I will depart ,
Never to come again till what I seek
Be found — if fervent search and strife avail . ”
100 .
So with his brow he touched her feet , and bent
The farewell of fond eyes , unutterable ,
Upon her sleeping face , still wet with tears ;
And thrice around the bed in reverence ,
As though it were an altar , softly stepped
With clasped hands laid upon his beating heart ,
For never , ” spake he , “ lie I there again ! ”
And thrice he made to go , but thrice came back ,
So strong her beauty was , so large his love
Then , o’er his head drawing his cloth , he turned
And raised the purdah ’s edge :
There drooped , close - hushed ,
In such sealed sleep as water - lilies know ,
The lovely garden of his Indian girls ;
That twin dark - petalled lotus - buds of all —
Gunga and Gotarni — on either side ,
And those , their silk - leaved sisterhood , beyond .
“ Pleasant ye are to me , sweet friends ! “ he said ,
“ And dear to leave ; yet if I leave ye not
What else will come to all of us save eld
101 .
Without assuage and death without avail ?
Lo ! as ye lie asleep so must ye lie
A - dead ; and when the rose dies where are gone
Its scent and splendor ?
when the lamp is drained
Whither is fled the flame ?
Press heavy , Night !
Upon their down - dropped lids and seal their lips ,
That no tear stay me and no faithful voice .
For all the brighter that these made my life ,
The bitterer it is that they and I ,
And all , should live as trees do — so much spring ,
Such and such rains and frosts , such winter - times ,
And then dead leaves , with maybe spring again ,
Or axe - stroke at the root .
This will not I ,
Whose life here was a God ’s !— this would not I ,
Though all my days were godlike , while men moan
Under their darkness .
Therefore farewell , friends !
While life is good to give , I give , and go
To seek deliverance and that unknown Light ! ”
Then , lightly treading where those sleepers lay ,
102 .
Into the night Siddârtha passed : its eyes ,
The watchful stars , looked love on him : its breath ,
The wandering wind , kissed his robe ’s fluttered fringe ;
The garden - blossoms , folded for the dawn ,
Opened their velvet hearts to waft him scents
From pink and purple censers : o ’er the land ,
From Himalay unto the Indian Sea ,
A tremor spread , as if earth ’s soul beneath
Stirred with an unknown hope ; and holy books —
Which tell the story of our Lord — say , too ,
That rich celestial musics thrilled the air
From hosts on hosts of shining ones , who thronged
Eastward and westward , making bright the night —
Northward and southward , making glad the ground .
Also those four dread Regents of the Earth ,
Descending at the doorway , two by two , —
With their bright legions of Invisibles
In arms of sapphire , silver , gold , and pearl —
Watched with joined hands the Indian Prince , who
stood ,
103 .
His tearful eyes raised to the stars , and lips
Close - set with purpose of prodigious love .
Then strode he forth into the gloom and cried ,
“ Channa , awake ! and bring out Kantaka ! ”
“ What would my Lord ? ” the charioteer replied —
Slow - rising from his place beside the gate —
“ To ride at night when all the ways are dark ? ”
“ Speak low , ” Siddrtha said , “ and bring my horse ,
For now the hour is come when I should quit
This golden prison where my heart lives caged
To find the truth ; which henceforth I will seek ,
For all men ’s sake , until the truth be found . ”
“ Alas ! dear Prince , ” answered the charioteer ,
“ Spake then for nought those wise and holy men
Who cast the stars and bade us wait the time
When King Suddhôdana ’s great son should rule
104 .
Realms upon realms , and be a Lord of lords ?
Wilt thou ride hence and let the rich world slip
Out of thy grasp , to hold a beggar ’s bowl ?
Wilt thou go forth into the friendless waste
That hast this Paradise of pleasures here ? ”
The Prince made answer , “ Unto this I came ,
And not for thrones : the kingdom that I crave
Is more than many realms — and all things pass
To change and death .
Bring me forth Kantaka ! ”
“ Most honored , ” spake again the charioteer ,
“ Bethink thee of my Lord thy father ’s grief !
Bethink thee of their woe whose bliss thou art —
How shalt thou help them , first undoing them ? ”
Siddârtha answered , “ Friend , that love is false
Which clings to love for selfish sweets of love ;
But I , who love these more than joys of mine —
Yea , more than joy of theirs — depart to save
105 .
Them and all flesh , if utmost love avail .
Go , bring me Kantaka ! ”
Then Channa said ,
“ Master , I go ! ” and forthwith , mournfully ,
Unto the stall he passed , and from the rack
Took down the silver bit and bridle - chains ,
Breast - cord and curb , and knitted fast the straps ,
And linked the hooks , and led out Kantaka :
Whom tethering to the ring , he combed and dressed ,
Stroking the snowy coat to silken gloss ;
Next on the steed he laid the numdah square ,
Fitted the saddle - cloth across , and set
The saddle fair , drew tight the jewelled girths ,
Buckled the breech - bands and the martingale ,
And made fall both the stirrups of worked gold .
Then over all he cast a golden net ,
With tassels of seed - pearl and silken strings ,
And led the great horse to the palace door ,
Where stood the Prince ; but when he saw his Lord ,
106 .
Right glad he waxed and joyously he neighed ,
Spreading his scarlet nostrils ; and the books
Write , “ Surely all had heard Kantaka ’s neigh ,
And that strong trampling of his iron heels ,
Save that the Devas laid their unseen wings
Over their ears and kept the sleepers deaf . ”
Fondly Siddârtha drew the proud head down ,
Patted the shining neck , and said , “ Be still ,
White Kantaka !
be still , and bear me now
The farthest journey ever rider rode ;
For this night take I horse to find the truth ,
And where my quest will end yet know I not ,
Save that it shall not end until I find .
Therefore to - night , good steed , be fierce and bold !
Let nothing stay thee , though a thousand blades
Deny the road !
let neither wall nor moat
Forbid our flight !
Look !
if I touch thy flank
And cry , ‘ On , Kantaka ! ’ let whirlwinds lag
Behind thy course !
Be fire and air , my horse !
107 .
To stead thy Lord , so shalt thou share with him
The greatness of this deed which helps the world ;
For therefore ride I , not for men alone ,
But for all things which , speechless , share our pain
And have no hope , nor wit to ask for hope .
Now , therefore , bear thy master valorously ! ”
Then to the saddle lightly leaping , he
Touched the arched crest , and Kantaka sprang forth
With armed hoofs sparkling on the stones and ring
Of champing bit ; but none did hear that sound ,
For that the Suddha Devas , gathering near ,
Plucked the red mohra - flowers and strewed them thick
Under his tread , while hands invisible
Muffled the ringing bit and bridle chains .
Moreover , it is written when they came
Upon the pavement near the inner gates ,
The Yakshas of the air laid magic cloths
Under the stallion ’s feet , so that he went
Softly and still .
108 .
But when they reached the gate
Of tripled brass — which hardly fivescore men
Served to unbar and open — lo !
the doors
Rolled back all silently , though one might hear
In daytime two koss off the thunderous roar
Of those grim hinges and unwieldy plates .
Also the middle and the outer gates
Unfolded each their monstrous portal
Electoral officials announced a strong lead for Iran 's firebrand President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , even as his main challenger claimed irregularities and stated that he had won Friday 's contest .
Results of 47.3 percent of the vote , announced at 2 a.m. , gave Mr. Ahmadinejad 67 percent of the vote , compared with 30.34 percent for Mir Hossein Mousavi , whose " green wave " of supporters had sparked popular street demonstrations during the campaign .
Mr. Mousavi argued that he had won an outright victory .
" In line with the information we have received , I am the winner of this election by a substantial margin , " he stated late on Friday .
Mousavi asked Iran 's supreme religious leader , Ayatollah Sayed Ali Khamenei , to intervene .
At least three pro-Mousavi websites were shut down on Friday – along with that of the candidate himself .
The results came through uncommonly quickly overnight , far faster than all elections of previous years .
In a statement Friday night on Fars news agency , Ahmadinejad 's campaign said that " a golden page in the glorious history of the Islamic revolution has been witnessed . "
It praised the Iranian people for showing that while " reaching toward justice and fighting oppression , they will not stand down , and they will go against any darkness and filth . "
Tears and anger on the street
Mousavi 's loyalists – who had expected a victory over the divisive incumbent – were not buying the results .
Police placed concrete barriers and several rows of police cars to block access to the Ministry of Interior , where votes were being tabulated and announced .
Hundreds of Mousavi supporters , frustrated , angry , and some with tears in their eyes , gathered in the front of the campaign headquarters in a state of shock .
" If there is rigging , Iran will be like judgment day ! " they chanted .
" Mousavi : Congratulations on your presidency ! "
On Friday night , the mostly young Iranians who had flooded the streets with such abandon and political brashness during Iran 's electrifying three - week campaign , were being chased outside the campaign headquarters by small groups of police and other security elements wielding batons and kicking , pepper - spraying , and punching people .
One diminutive young woman walked away from the after - midnight melee clutching her belly , where she had been hit , and sobbing .
One man had boot marks on his arm where he had been kicked ; another showed graze marks from a baton .
" I think this is psychological warfare , " said one Mousavi supporter .
" They want to scare us and give us the idea that we are losing . "
It may have been working , as more results began to come out that showed Ahmadinejad with a commanding lead .
The tumultuous , mud-slinging campaign and ever - growing street protests had prompted many analysts to predict a first - round victory for Mousavi .
First - ever debates focused on accusations and countercharges of lying over even basic statistics like inflation and employment figures .
Playing on the theme , one Mousavi supporter early Saturday morning was despondent .
He said : " If they can play around with statistics , they can play around with votes . "
Apple has spent some time outlining technology that would add a new level of interaction between iPhone users , such as the ability to share and control playback of digital media files like music tracks and video during a telephone call .
The concept is outlined in a 19 - page patent filing discovered by AppleInsider this week titled " Methods and systems for mixing media with communications " and credited to Apple software engineer Jeffrey Terlizzi .
It begins by noting that while media items are becoming increasingly portable for mobile users these days , they 're still not as easily shared with others located remotely in real time .
" For example , an individual may call his friend to discuss music , but in order for the friend to listen to the music , the individual either may have to send the music to the friend using a device other than his telephone , " according to the filing , " or he may have to end the phone call and use the telephone to send the friend an email with the music attached . "
Cut - and - dried , Apple 's approach to improving upon this limitation is to include an " Add Media " option to the iPhone 's phone application that would allow users to attach and transmit media items to another iPhone user with whom they 're currently engaged in a phone call .
Among the listed types of media suitable for transmission during calls are music files , video , images , voicemails , and podcasts .
" For example , the user may initiate a telephone call with his friend in order to ask the friend if she is familiar with a particular song , " Apple said .
" Once the phone call has been established between the user and his friend , the user may select the song of interest from his communications device , and he may send the song to his friend over the same communication path used by the communications device to establish the communications operation , so that the two may continue their phone conversation while the song plays simultaneously . "
Alternatively , the filing notes that " the communications device may receive a communications operation in the form of a request for a video conference , and once the conference is established , the user may select a video ( e.g. , a YouTube .
TM. selection ) to be sent back to the conference initiator by the communications device over the same communication path . "
i Phone users would also have full control over playback of media items once they 're shared , according to Apple .
For example , they could pause and resume playback of a shared digital music track , skip to the next or previous track in the sender 's music library , or switch to transmitting a different media item entirely .
Throughout the filing , the Cupertino - based company makes numerous references to interactive iPhone video conferences where digital media files are shared , something not possible with today 's iPhone models because they do n't include include a forward - facing video camera .
" For example , the user may wish to transmit a video media item to the recipient of a communications operation , where the ongoing communications operation is in the form of a video conference , " Apple said .
" Thus , there may be two video data streams to transmit to the recipient , one related to the media item and one related to the communications operation . "
We hope you find it just as fun and useful , so to get you started we have put together a video to show you all the things you can now do with smart navigation .
Enjoy !
I recently found this image of Barack Obama 's Indonesian school files on a comment posted by a " Birther " on the Houston Chronicle 's website .
The commenter claimed that " Bangsa " means " Citizenship " , I cannot confirm or deny that Bangsa does in fact mean Citizenship in Indonesian , however what the " Birthers " have failed to notice is that written on line 2 is the word , HONOLULU , followed by his date of birth .
What an interesting find this is .
My gorgeous British pal and fellow blogger / Tweeter has posted the above document with this explanation : Hoisted by their own birthtards .
Former Immigration Service boss Mary Anne Thompson believed she had a doctorate from the prestigious London School of Economics when she was applying for top - level government posts .
Thompson is defending two charges of using a document with intent to defraud and one charge of dishonestly attempting to use a document without claims of right .
She last year resigned from the senior position in the Labour Department after being accused of a conflict of interest for helping family members gain residency in New Zealand .
It was also alleged that she did not have a doctorate from the London School of Economics that many people many believed she had .
The charges relate to separate incidents in 1989 , 1998 and 2004 when Thompson applied for different public service jobs
In a deposition hearing in Wellington District Court today crown solicitor Grant Burston said while Thompson did work toward a Master of Philosophy with the top - ranked university , she was never awarded a PhD .
During a police interview , Thompson acknowledged she did not hold a doctorate but had believed that she did .
Thompson applied and got jobs at the Maori Affairs Ministry , Treasury , Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet , and the Labour Department , and wrote a book using the title ' doctor ' .
Three witnesses from the London School of Economics are to give evidence by video link with the UK , beginning tomorrow .
Proceedings have been adjourned till tomorrow morning .
- Dominion Post with NZPA
DemytriaVice Host - The Order Server 1Senater 's Aide to TheOrder on the Evony Senate .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , March 26 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Questions and Answers : Conficker and April 1st Posted by Mikko @ 14:32 GMT
Q : I heard something really bad is going to happen on the Internet on April 1st !
Will it ?
A : No , not really .
Q : Seriously , the Conficker worm is going to do something bad on April 1st , right ?
A : The Conficker aka Downadup worm is going to change it 's operation a bit , but that 's unlikely to cause anything visible on April 1st .
Q : So , what will it do on April 1st ?
A : So far , Conficker has been polling 250 different domain names every day to download and run an update program .
On April 1st , the latest version of Conficker will start to poll 500 out of 50,000 domains a day to do the same thing .
Q : The latest version ?
There are different versions out there ?
A : Yes , and the latest version is not the most common .
Most of the infected machines are infected with the B variant , which became widespread in early January .
With B variant , nothing happens on April 1st .
Q : I just checked , and my Windows machine is clean .
Is something going to happen to me on April 1st ?
A : No .
Q : I 'm running a Mac , is something going to happen to me ?
A : No .
Q : So … this means that the attackers could use this download channel to run any program on all the machines ?
A : On all the machines that are infected with the latest version of the worm , yes .
Q : But what 's this peer - to - peer functionality I 've heard about ?
A : The worm has some peer - to - peer functionality which means that infected computers can communicate with each other without the need for a server .
This enables the worm to update itself without the need for any of the 250 or 50,000 domains .
Q : But does n't that mean that if the bad guys wanted to run something on those machines , they do n't need to wait for April 1st ?
A : Yes !
Which is another reason why it 's unlikely anything major will happen on April 1st .
Q : Is there going to be media hype ?
A : Oh yes .
Like there always is when a widespread worm has a date trigger .
Think cases like Michelangelo ( 1992 ) , CIH ( 1999 ) , Sobig ( 2003 ) , Mydoom ( 2004 ) and Blackworm ( 2006 ) .
Q : But in those cases nothing much happened even though everybody expected something to happen !
A : Exactly .
Q : So , should I keep my PC shut down on April 1st ?
A : No .
You should make sure it 's clean before April 1st .
Q : Can I change the date on my machine to protect me ?
A : No .
While the worm uses the local system time for certain parts of its update functionality it does n't exclusively rely on that .
Q : I 'm confused .
How can you know beforehand that there will be a global virus attack on April 1st ?
There must be a conspiracy here !
A : Yes , you 're confused .
There is not going to be a " global virus attack " .
The machines that are already infected might do something new on April 1st .
We know this because we have reverse engineered the worm code and can see that this is what it has been programmed to do .
Q : Would the downloaded program execute with admin privileges ?
A : Yes , with local admin rights .
Which is pretty bad .
Q : And they could download that program not just on April 1st but also on any day after that ?
A : Correct .
So there 's no reason why they would n't do it on , say , April 5th instead of April 1st .
Q : Ok , they could run any program .
To do what ?
A : We do n't know what they are planning to do , if anything .
Of course , they could steal your data , send spam , do DDoS , et cetera .
But we do n't know .
Q : They ?
Who are they ?
Who 's behind this worm ?
A : We do n't know that either .
But they seem to be pretty professional in what they do .
Q : Professional ?
Is it true that Conficker is using the MD6 hash algorithm ?
A : Yes .
This was probably one of the first real - world cases where this new algorithm was used .
Q : Why can't you just infect a PC , set the clock to April 1st and see what happens ?
A : That 's not the way it works .
The worm connects to certain websites to get the time - of - day .
Q : Oh yeah ?
Then shut down the websites where it gets the time - of - day and the problem will go away !
A : Can't .
These are websites like google.com , yahoo.com and facebook.com .
Q : But surely you could spoof google.com in the lab to get a honeypot machine to connect to a download site today !
A : Sure .
And the download sites do not have anything to download , today .
They might , on April 1st .
Or they might not .
Q : Now I 'm worried .
How do I know if I 'm infected ?
A : Try to surf to www.f-secure.com.
If you can't reach our website you might be infected , as Downadup / Conficker blocks access to security vendor 's websites .
Do n't tell anybody , but users who can't access f-secure.com because of this can surf to www.fsecure.com instead .
Q : Where does the name " Conficker " come from ?
A : Conficker is an anagram of sorts from trafficconverter – a website to which the first variant was connecting .
Q : Why does the worm have two names – Downadup and Conficker ?
A : It was found at about the same time by multiple security companies and therefore got multiple names .
Today most companies use the name Conficker .
There 's further confusion about the variant letters among vendors .
We 're all sorry for that .
Q : How many computers are currently infected by Downadup / Conficker ?
A : About 1 - 2 million .
How many of those are infected with the latest version ?
We do n't have an exact count .
Q : How is the industry reacting to all this ?
A : We reacted by setting up the Conficker Working Group .
Members include security vendors ( including us ) , registrars , research units and so on .
Q : I want more technical details on the worm .
A : Sure .
Here 's our description , and here 's SRI 's excellent writeup .
Q : When was the first variant of Downadup / Conficker discovered ?
A : It was found on November 20 , 2008 .
Q : More than four months ago ?
I want a time line on what happened when .
A : Byron Acohido has one .
Q : Is this all just an April Fools joke ?
A : No , it 's not .
And although we do n't think anything will happen on this particular date , Conficker is nothing to laugh about .
The gang behind this is serious and we should not underestimate them .
The fact that we do n't know for real what they are really after just makes it all a bigger mystery .
Q : Is F - Secure able to detect and block this malware ?
A : Yes .
Q : Do you have cleaning tool available ?
A : Yes , and it 's free .
Click here to get it .
Q : Are you going to follow this through ?
A : Yes .
Stay tuned for updates .
University of Leicester researchers have taken a step forward in helping to create a defence for earth 's technologies - from the constant threat of space weather .
They have implemented a " double pulse " radar - operating mode on two radars , which form part of a global network of ground based coherent scatter radars called SuperDARN ( Super Dual Auroral Radar Network ) .
These radars allow observations of space weather , which can have devastating impacts for technologies on earth .
James Borderick , of the Radio and Space Plasma Physics group , within the Department of Physics and Astronomy , said : " Intense space weather events are triggered by the explosive release of energy stored in the Sun 's magnetic fields .
" A strong burst of electromagnetic energy reaches the Earth with the potential to disrupt many of our fundamental services , such as satellite and aviation operations , navigation , and electricity power grids .
Telecommunications and information technology are likewise vulnerable to space weather .
" All modern societies rely heavily on space systems , for communications and resource information ( meteorological , navigation and remote sensing ) .
There are high cost and high risks associated with the consequences of space weather events , as insurance companies recognise .
" We have implemented a new " double pulse " radar - operating mode on the Radio Space Plasma Physics Group 's Co-operative UK Twin Located Auroral Sounding System ( CUTLASS ) radars .
" The new sounding mode enhances our temporal resolution of plasma irregularities within the ionosphere .
The resolution increase may help our understanding of coupling processes between the solar wind and the Earth 's magnetosphere by allowing the observation of smaller scale phenomena with an unprecedented resolution .
" Utilising our new radar mode and the vastness of ground based and space based instruments at our disposal , we are ever increasing our understanding of the countless phenomena associated with the Solar - Terrestrial interaction , and one day , may lead us to the accurate predictions of intense weather events - and an active defence . "
The research introduces the importance of utilising ground - based measurements of the near space environment in conjunction with spacecraft observations and then proceeds to explain the direct influences of space weather on our own technological systems .
Mr Borderick will be presenting his doctoral research at the Festival of Postgraduate Research , which is taking place on Thursday 25th June in the Belvoir Suite , Charles Wilson Building between 11.30 am and 1 pm .
Source : University of Leicester ( news : web )
Multi Mode Vehicles or MMVs are an effort of Samson Motorworks to overcome the car ’s inability to fly , and considering the aerodynamic and weight related issues of 4 - wheel vehicles , they have embarked on an assignment to develop a flying 3 - wheel motorcycle .
Two models of duel - use MMVs are under development , first one is Skybike with a patent telescoping wing and the other one is the Switchblade that utilizes a scissors wing design and can retract the wings when you are riding in the freeway .
Although both the MMVs are light and small , they can attain a maximum altitude of around 10,000 foot above sea level .
The overall size and strong structure around the riders ensures passenger safety and can be spotted easily by other vehicles in traffic .
The front shock absorber , a side door protection and ballistic shaft recovery system are few safety features of these three - wheelers .
Both models include air conditioning and heating , rear view video monitor , automatic vehicle leaning , dual lighting system for ground and air , and stereo MP3 input CD player .
Unlike the conventional aircraft engines , the engines of these MMVs have emission controls , therefore , motorcycle engines and transmissions are being used after modification to provide power reverse to the propellers for both the models .
From the test result of the current pre-production engines , it ’s been predicted that they would pass the ultra - low emission vehicle standards of California without exhaust treatment .
Designer : Samson Motorworks via Gizmag
* Some of our stories include affiliate links .
If you buy something through one of these links , we may earn an affiliate commission .
Advertisements
After his decision to reverse himself , and fight the release of torture photos , President Barack Obama is getting praise from the right , and heavy criticism from both the American Civil Liberties Union , and Amnesty International .
Currently , Obama ’s strongest critics on several issues are in his own party on the left .
Obama said of his decision today , “ I want to emphasize that these photos that were requested in this case are not particularly sensational , especially when compared to the painful images that we remember from Abu Ghraib .
But they do represent conduct that did not conform with the Army Manual .
That ’s precisely why they were investigated , and I might add — investigated long before I took office . ”
The ACLU has been fighting for the release of the photos , and Executive Director Anthony Romero said , “ The Obama administration ’s adoption of the stonewalling tactics and opaque policies of the Bush administration flies in the face of the president ’s stated desire to restore the rule of law , to revive our moral standing in the world and to lead a transparent government .
This decision is particularly disturbing given the Justice Department ’s failure to initiate a criminal investigation of torture crimes under the Bush administration . ”
Advertisements
Amnesty International expressed disappointment with the decision , and called for torture investigations , “ Human beings have been tortured and denied basic rights .
The American people have been lied to , and government officials who authorized and justified abusive policies have been given a pass .
The world has lost faith in the United States ’ respect for human dignity .
And still , the whole story has not been told .
Now , the Obama administration is reneging on its legal obligation to release the torture photos , a critical disclosure in helping Americans understand the range and degree of abuse that was committed in their name .
Today ’s decision to hold the torture photos only points more firmly to the urgent need for an investigation to expose , prosecute and finally close the book on torture . ”
President Obama put himself in a tough situation .
It was his administration ’s initial decision to release the photos , and I get the feeling that they are n’t exactly being straight with us about their explanation .
Political timing had a lot to do with this .
Somebody at the White House realized that releasing these photos around Memorial Day was not such a great idea .
The bigger picture here , no pun intended , is that Obama does want to derail any serious torture investigations and prosecutions .
The left was going to be disappointed with President Obama unless he governed from their direction .
Obama has been highly effective so far , because he tends to move to the middle .
His decision to reverse himself on the photos is more evidence that Obama is n’t the lefty that both liberals and conservatives think he is .
The true Obama is somewhere in the middle .
Correspondent Michael S. recently recommended this article on Joseph Tainter 's work : Professor at USU says U.S. society may collapse :
Tainter , who heads the department of environment and society at Utah State University , told the newspaper that the current course of the economy and what some believe is a desperate effort to shore up the complex and almost inscrutable financial sector of the economy are manifestations of at least a partial collapse that invariably follows a society 's boom .
That the U.S. economy is primarily " top - level " consumption teetering on a dwindling foundation of real surplus is painfuly obvious .
This " you ca n't parody American life , it 's a self - parody " article , Growing Up in a Recession ( BusinessWeek ) appears to be sympathetic to the poor folks who once raked in $ 250,000 a year producing nothing of value and cheers their valiant attempts to " re-invent " themselves into some equivalently useless work which they hope will produce $ 250,000 of " value " .
The recession has been one long reckoning with expectations for Nicole and her two kids , Maguire , 8 , and Payton Grace , 5 .
Nicole had been earning more than $ 250,000 a year for nearly a decade .
She rented a posh three - bedroom condo with a yard .
The beach was nearby .
They traveled .
It was a good life .
As 2008 began , potential buyers of the multimillion - dollar homes she listed were hesitating , and then deals started to fall apart .
By March there was no business at all .
She did n't sell another house until almost a year later : it was in foreclosure , and her commission was $ 2,000 .
From $ 250,000 a year to $ 2,000 .
Hmm .
And what does being a realtor prepare you to do now that real estate is n't come back ?
Continuing the self - parody , another former high - earner 's daughter bemoans that her Mom had to cut the hours of her personal assistant .
Wow , I had no idea how tough life could get !
Even worse , her favorite cafe closed .
My oh my , call the pastor for grief counseling .
Mom , meanwhile , is busy turning her expertise in providing AIG with logo - imprinted umbrellas to helping would - be artists / writers etc. make it big vis social networking .
Heh .
If you set out to parody a flailing , absurdist response to the complete collapse of frivolous corporate and consumer spending , could you top this ?
I can't .
Elsewhere in the article , other people who once earned $ 240,000 are stunned that the merry - go - round actually ground to a halt .
Unable to confess that their former " professions " were top - level frivolities without any real economic value , thay are picking through the shards of the consumer society , hoping that magical thinking will get them through " this rough patch . "
Uh , I hate to be the one to tell you , folks , but this rough patch will last about 20 years -- or maybe longer .
The reason is that the entire 25 - year bull market in everything from 1982 - 2007 was built not on surplus production which could be traded at a profit but on ever - larger mountains of debt : debt taken on by our government , corporations and households .
Behold reality :
The chart clearly shows that debt has replaced production and surplus as the source of spending money in every level of the U.S. economy .
But credit has this funny characteristic : it is based on collateral of some sort .
Once the collateral ( houses , office towers , stock portfolios , net income , etc. ) decline in value then there is no basis for additional credit .
Next up : the horrific plight of " trustafarians " facing cuts in Mommy and Daddy 's largesse : Parental Lifelines , Frayed to Breaking ( NY Times )
Famed for its concentration of heavily subsidized 20 - something residents — also nicknamed trust - funders or trustafarians — Williamsburg is showing signs of trouble .
Parents whose money helped fuel one of the city ’s most radical gentrifications in recent years have stopped buying their children new luxury condos , subsidizing rents and providing cash to spend at Bedford Avenue ’s boutiques and coffee houses .
But as the recession deepened last fall , his parents had to cut the staff at their event planning company to 30 workers from 50 .
Asked for his help , Mr. Drury cast aside his other pursuits and started work as a project manager for his parents .
May I be the first to predict that this event planning company will soon cut the other 30 staffers , reducing the payroll to Mom , Dad and Junior ?
And that may well be just a brief stop on the one - way ride to total insolvency .
Again , it strains imagination to parody such a trove of self - parody .
Careers mentioned include the usual grunge band ( so what if music is now free - - I 'm gonna be a rock star ! ) , wallpaper designer , intern at a modeling agency and party organizer .
Apparently the trustafarian youth of America ( or at least of New York City ) have degenerated to the point that they need to hire a pal to organize their parties .
Or maybe they 're just too busy ... but doing what ?
And can organizing a few parties for buds really net out the $ 2,500 per month you need to pay $ 1,500 rent and pursue your career designing wallpaper while also " having fun " ?
Somehow I doubt it .
The U.S. runs a surplus in agricultural products , aircraft , software -- and precious little else .
On the other side of the ledger , we import hundreds of billions of dollars of goods .
Little things like oil ( 2/3 of what we consume is imported ) .
The sad truth is the chief export of the U.S. is the simulacrum " value " of the U.S. dollar : we ship you this worthless paper and you ship us actual stuff .
The con has worked brilliantly for 25 years , only now the marks ( exporters ) are slowly waking up to the realization the paper they took is , well , paper -- and a " promise " that the U.S. wo n't depreciate the paper to zero too quickly .
Yeah -- and the check 's in the mail , we promise .
The boldness and longevity of this con still amazes me .
Yes , I understand that exporters had no choice ; there was literally nobody else to sell to except the magical - thinking - lovin ' U.S. consumer .
So taking the paper con ( dollars ) was still slightly more attractive than the alternative : economic decay and domestic insurrection .
Various cheerleaders in the mainstream media hawked America 's vaunted surplus in services as the " way we 're gonna balance the trade deficit . "
Nice idea , but it turned out much of that supposed surplus was just a higher - level con : so - called " financial services " of the innovatively fraudulent sort which have now cost the rest of the world trillions of dollars in losses .
An economy with little surplus in goods and services has no foundation .
The con worked for 25 golden years .
Now we as a nation will soon find the marks have finally grown weary of the dollar con .
Soon they will demand a lot more dollars for the goods they ship , or they will demand payment in other currencies or in gold .
One way or the other , the marks are moving away from the shell - game table where they have lost trillions , and the dollar will lose half its value .
When the dollar loses half its value , then oil will double in price for those of us paid in dollars .
And everything else which is imported will also double in price .
How much grunge music , wallpaper designs , social networking marketing and event planning can we export and sell at a profit ?
Would you part with a barrel of oil for any of the above ?
Maybe for a bushel of wheat -- especially if the " street " is hungry and a mob is forming .
But growing food has a funny little characteristic : it 's bloody hard work .
Ditto making anything you can exchange for something of tangible value .
As for services : the only services of measurable value are those which enhance , repair or enable productive output which can be traded for tangible goods .
Designing wallpaper and planning parties do n't cut it .
I do n't mean to pound on those of you fortunate enough to make a living planning events or designing wallpaper patterns ; great gigs if you can get them .
I am the first to admit this blog is not exactly an exportable good .... ( maybe an exportable bad ....)
My point is simply that productive assets and labor will be scarce / in demand while superfluous services will be in oversupply / not in demand .
Thus everyone hoping to make a living providing superfluous / frivolous services would be prudent to have a Plan B trade / craft / service .
I am not going to trade the hours spent repairing a chicken coop ( food production ) or solar - water heater ( energy capture / production ) for some trust - baby 's ability to organize a party or program an iPod .
Amazingly , perhaps , I can manage the former on my own ( it 's called potluck ) and have zero need for the latter service .
I can also figure out the worthlessness of social networking on my own as well .
Examples of things for which there will probably be demand globally :
-- flexible thin - film photovoltaic cells which can be installed on any surface
-- thin - film polymers which when placed on windows cut heat loss dramatically
-- inexpensive solar ovens
-- homebrew beer
-- software which simplifies and improves network security
A powerful concept , scarcity ; where there is no scarcity , there is little value .
Cash and net income will be scarce , while there will be few scarcities in services of any kind .
That 's what happens when a top - level economy crashes back down to its foundations .
Here are a few titles of note on food / diet :
It 's a Long Road to a Tomato : Tales of an Organic Farmer Who Quit the Big City for the ( Not So ) Simple Life
The Urban Homestead : Your Guide to Self - sufficient Living in the Heart of the City
Diet for a Small Planet
The Omnivore 's Dilemma : A Natural History of Four Meals
And some classics in case you missed them :
The Long Emergency : Surviving the End of Oil , Climate Change , and Other Converging Catastrophes of the Twenty - First Century by James Howard Kunstler
The Future of Life E.O. Wilson
On Peak Oil :
Beyond Oil : The View from Hubbert's Peak
The Party 's Over : Oil , War and the Fate of Industrial Societies
The End of Oil : On the Edge of a Perilous New World
Twilight in the Desert : The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy
On chemical / toxins overload :
Our Stolen Future : How We Are Threatening Our Fertility , Intelligence and Survival
On the demographic time bomb about to explode :
Fewer : How the New Demography of Depopulation Will Shape Our Future
The Coming Generational Storm : What You Need to Know about America 's Economic Future
On collapse of advanced civilization :
Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed ( Jared Diamond )
The Collapse of Complex Societies
A realistic appraisal of alternative energy :
Sustainable Energy - Without the Hot Air
Our previous lists of hot reading and viewing can be found at Books and Films .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Of Two Minds reader forum ( hosted offsite , reader moderated )
Thank you , Cheryl A. ( $ 100 ) , for your unparalleled contributions of money , ideas , and aid to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
So by now , you know the story .
A Twitter employee 's email account was hacked .
The hacker stole lots of secret company documents , and now those documents are all over the Web .
Fortunately , there 's a lesson to be learned from the story .
In fact , Twitter CEO Ev Williams tweeted it :
Tips : Strong passwords ;
Do n't use the same pw or pattern anywhere ;
Lie on security questions ; Practical way to do this : @ 1 Password or equiv
Here 's a video explaining how automatic form - filler 1 Password works :
King Silas Benjamin came to power in a mythical battle against the rival neighbor republic of Gath , capitalizing brilliantly and ruthlessly on his near - godly image .
Farm - boy David Shepherd performs as well , saving Silas 's crown prince in another epic battle , but is too noble and naive to aspire personal benefit rather then devoutly serve king and country .
Nevertheless , after Silas decides to abuse David 's legend , the hero is drawn into palace intrigues culminating into coup plans against Silas .
Written by KGF Vissers
They "re the ones who sometimes rescue a beleaguered riot policeman :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Organic food is grown in a manner that is friendly for the environment as well as safe to eat .
The goal is to work with nature instead of against it to get the supply of food
that is needed out there .
Many people are concerned about the negative effects of conventional farming methods .
There are some common problems when growing fruits and vegetables .
There are pests that want to eat them as well .
Conventional methods allow the use of pesticides to control them as well as herbicides to get rid of weeds .
With organic foods though no chemicals are used .
Natural compost is used as fertilizer and traps are used to get rid of the pests .
Weeds are pulled by hand or removed with machines as well .
With organic food processing though the soil is able to maintain a great deal of the nutrients .
In fact , in many areas the compost that is used for fertilizer can actually help the soil to be better than it was in the past .
This means that the ground is n’t being depleted of anything and that future crops have an excellent chance of growing there .
In order to help the soil they also rotate the fields where they grow the crops .
For example they may have a few of them open right now so that next year they can grow crops in them and open up a few others .
This break in production helps the soil to have the chance to recuperate and to thrive .
Organic food also refers to the raising of animals in a manner where the food from them is better .
For example the meat we get from pigs and cows as well as the eggs we get from chickens .
These animals are raised without being given medications , hormones , or other elements that are n’t healthy for them or for humans to get when they eat these sources of food .
These animals are also fed organic foods to further enhance the purity of what they have to offer .
In order for products on the market to be certified as organic they have to meet some strict guidelines .
The land must be free from all use of chemicals for at least the past three years .
Annual inspections have to be conducted on that land as well as soil testing to confirm this .
Records of all their activities and what methods they use have to be recorded .
Those documents can be asked for and reviewed at any time by the USDA .
Positive methods must also be implemented and followed in order to successful control pests and to improve the overall quality of the soil .
Meeting all of these guidelines is time consuming as well as challenging .
Yet there are many farmers out there willing to complete the process in order to provide food that is chemical free .
They also are able to make a profit on the food sources that they provide in such a manner .
You will find various sources of organic food out there at supermarkets these days .
More grocery stores are giving consumers the choice of these chemical free products .
While they do cost more it is due to the fact that they cost much more to process .
You can also get them from farm markets out there where they proudly sell what they have grown on their own land locally .
More farmers are considering the fact that organic food really is a great way to offer great food supplies and to protect the environment .
The process has really caught on in countries all over the world .
source : here Tweet
JUNE 9-- A telephone prankster posing as a sprinkler company employee caused havoc Saturday morning at an Arkansas Holiday Inn when he convinced an employee to set off the hotel 's fire alarm , smash windows , shut down electricity , and break a sprinkler head that flooded the building lobby .
The bizarre incident is detailed in a report prepared by the Conway Police Department , which , as seen here , photographed the aftermath of the June 6 incident .
According to police , Holiday Inn employee Christina Bergmann was at the front desk early Saturday when a male caller ' identified himself as an employee of Grennel Fire Sprinkler service . '
The man told Bergmann that there was a problem with the hotel 's fire sprinklers and that she ' needed to pull the fire alarm to reset them , ' cops reported .
' Bergmann proceeded to pull the fire alarm at this point , causing the audible alarm . '
Bergmann , aided by a hotel guest , would subsequently follow a series of directions from the caller that would result in about $ 50,000 in damages to the hotel 's windows , carpets and electrical system .
Hotel guests , who were evacuated during the incident , were allowed back into the Holiday Inn after police and fire officials determined that the caller was an imposter .
Since a similar prank call was made to a Holiday Inn in Little Rock , Conway cops alerted fellow Arkansas law enforcement officials that ' more of these calls could be coming in , ' according to the police report .
Rusty Brown , the Holiday Inn guest who helped Bergmann follow the prankster 's instructions , told TSG he was 'an innocent bystander and got involved in domestic terrorism . '
Brown , 36 , remarked that there was ' absolute panic in that hotel , ' adding that , 'all I did was make it worse .
I 'm not proud of breaking windows .
It is very disheartening . ' ( 4 pages )
The Depression did n't get its name ironically , in the way you call a big guy " Tiny " or Nancy Grace " lady . "
It really was a kick in the ass , and so is the current recession / meltdown or whatever we 're calling it now .
But then you hear a story about how the economy may force everyone to stop wearing Crocs and you realize that as many kicks in the ass as the recession dishes out , there seem to be a few upsides .
Such as ...
Advertisement
6 The Environment is Doing Great Continue Reading Below Advertisement Ever since Al Gore became the boogeyman who springs up from the back seat every time we gas up the Hummer , environmentalism has been big on everyone 's mind .
We try to recycle , carpool and eat less bald eagle .
But is any of that enough ?
Well , probably not , no .
But do n't worry , where your personal efforts fail , global economic crisis excels .
When the economy is booming we all want to buy lead - lined , CFC - spewing volleyballs and grilling accessories , all mass produced in China or India or some other part of the world where industrial runoff tends to also be bathwater for the average citizen .
When the world suffers a huge economic downturn , pollutant - belching factories that cheaply make shit no one needs are the first to shut down .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You win this round , environment .
This has resulted in acid rain - producing sulfur dioxide levels in Delhi falling 85 percent in a year and it's been estimated the the US's and Europe 's total greenhouse gas emission will be reduced by 100 million tons each in 2009 .
Deforestation in the Amazonian rain forest has dropped 70 percent in a year because of the falling price of cattle and possibly because all of those " Save the Rainforest " buttons from the mid-80s finally found their way south of the equator .
Presumably if we hit Depression - era squalor all around the world , we 'll at least get to enjoy fighting for scraps of food and blankets in a verdant paradise .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
* Obama , lawmakers want lots of extras in war funding bill
* U.S. Congress bogged down on provisions on IMF , photos
WASHINGTON , June 8 ( Reuters ) - A $ 100 billion bill to fund U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is rapidly accumulating extra items such as money for military aircraft the Pentagon does n't want and possibly a scheme to jump - start sagging auto sales .
The cars and planes are not directly linked to the U.S. war effort .
But they are typical of Congress ' penchant for loading bills with unrelated spending in hopes the funds will sail through on the strength of the main legislation .
President Barack Obama originally sought $ 83.4 billion for the two wars and more foreign aid for countries like Pakistan .
But then he too sought more -- $ 4 billion extra to combat H1N1 swine flu and $ 5 billion to back credit lines to the International Monetary Fund , which is trying to help developing countries weather the global economic downturn .
The unrelated provisions have slowed the bill down , especially for the IMF because Republicans have argued the extra items should be vetted through the normal congressional process rather than jammed into an emergency spending bill .
Fights have also erupted about add - ons for the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba and an attempt to bar the release of photos of detainee abuse .
While Republicans do not have the votes to block the bill , they have said they will oppose it and that forces Democrats to ensure most of their members back it .
" This supplemental was supposed to be about providing funding for our troops , " one House Republican aide said .
Instead , it has become a mish - mashed , taxpayer funded ' Christmas tree ' bill that will propagate bad policies and unnecessary spending . "
Some 51 anti-war House Democrats had opposed the bill but now are under pressure to switch to give Obama a victory .
But a House Democratic leadership aide said Republicans will have to answer to constituents for opposing a war funding bill .
CASH FOR CLUNKERS
The House and Senate are working out differences between the two versions of the war funding bill they each approved last month and hope to pass a final , single version this week .
Congress was on the verge of giving Pakistan roughly $ 1 billion in the bill , but Obama last week sought another $ 200 million for Islamabad as it fights Taliban militants crossing its border from Afghanistan .
And lawmakers are also considering adding money for a plan to spur domestic car sales by offering up to $ 4,500 in vouchers for buyers to trade in their less fuel - efficient vehicles for ones that get better mileage , known as " cash for clunkers " .
The White House declined to directly address adding in extra provisions , but said officials continue to work with lawmakers " about the core priorities in the legislation and hope that it can get to the president soon . "
When the House and Senate originally approved their separate versions of the war bill , the White House praised lawmakers for not inserting their own pet projects in the legislation -- though some pet priorities were included .
Democratic Representative John Murtha , who heads the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , managed to get $ 3.1 billion for eight C - 17 and 11 C - 130 military transport planes included .
However , that has been pared back by four C-130s .
The Pentagon did not request the aircraft but lawmakers want them to preserve jobs in their home states and Murtha disputes the military 's contention that they are not needed .
A senior Democratic House aide said the requests for flu and Pakistan money were appropriate to include in the bill because they were emergency needs Obama cited .
The aide also noted that Republicans in the past backed items like the IMF funds .
" This is a dangerous game Republicans are playing by jeopardizing the well - being of our soldiers to score political points , " the aide said .
" The supplemental will be passed , but they will have to answer for their actions if they oppose it . "
( Editing by Eric Walsh )
Last Updated on September 6 , 2017
I landed in Italy after six months in developing countries , and it was a shock to the senses in some regards .
I remember having culture shock when I landed in Bangkok all those months ago .
I did n’t expect the reverse culture shock of landing back in the Western world .
Having my bestie Jenn fly over for this leg of the trip gave me new perspectives about my months spent traveling in developing countries .
For me , after five months of backpacking , I had lost track of the delineation between my experiences and my life back home in the states .
Jenn , however , had no such confusion .
She arrived with shiny - clean clothes and a backpack that smelled distinctly better than mine — what is that funk ?!
Jenn knew two things about herself when deciding to join a leg of the RTW trip : she definitely wanted to meet up somewhere , and she had no wish to travel in developing regions .
Props to her for knowing herself well enough to not embark on something she could n’t handle .
My experiences in South and Southeast Asia are among my favorite , but there are many easier places to travel , and these places have equally beautiful sites and cultures .
Arriving in Milan , my cousin and I slogged off of the plane — we were sweaty , dirty , and I had a small sugar - ant infestation in my backpack .
( Perhaps I should have left the half - eaten Snickers behind in Delhi ? )
Jenn took one look at me and started a list of all the crazy differences in my perspective and earlier travels compared to what we were about to face in Italy .
Now , this list is not to be seen as a discouragement from travel in less developed countries —
I had wonderful experience and it shifted my perspective in profound ways .
Although I love Europe , I know that it was only by adding Asia to my travels that I could build a deep and nuanced consideration of our global community .
I count many of my experiences as the most transformative on my journey .
And also to note , I understand that some of these point to deep fundamental issues facing developing countries , such as lack of government stability , poor transportation infrastructure , systemic education issues , and more .
Consider reading up on why the developing world is developing before you travel there .
It helps keep everything in perspective if you better understand root causes .
This is more of a brief look at some of the more endearing , hellacious , charming , and weird things I ’ve contended throughout my months traveling in developing countries .
Jenn and I compiled this list throughout the three weeks we traveled together .
We made a note every time Jenn exclaimed , “ Are you serious !
That happens ? ! ”
1. Shots .
Lots and lots of shots are needed .
They poked me relentlessly for weeks to administer them all in time .
And shots do n’t guarantee that you wo n’t get sick .
You will get sick .
The shots simply offer up that you probably wo n’t die from your sickness .
There are only a few shots you need when traveling in other developed countries , but far more when you venture off the path a bit .
2. Drinking the local water results in illness .
It just does .
Sadly , I did it anyway once or twice and I came to Italy sporting a rockin’ case of giardia .
Plus , I almost died in Laos of dysentery .
This is a very real consideration .
Of note though , unlike the Western world , the medicine to fix my illness was just 80 cents in Nepal .
What are we even doing with our healthcare system in the U.S. ?
3 . Squatting over a ceramic floor toilet is a luxury .
In the U.S. , we basically have just one style of toilet , and even going to Europe is a shock when you see a squat toilet .
Boy are n’t those the good days though .
These squat toilets are actually better for you though .
Of note though , ceramic squats are the good ones — sometimes they ’re just a hole !
4 . Life is lived outside .
The air takes on a different quality .
In India especially , it ’s a smell I will never forget .
It ’s a country scented with a beautifully fragrant mingling of urine , cow dung , exhaust , incense , and humanity .
Sounds potentially gross , but makes me a bit nostalgic for that wacky place .
5 . It ’s a crowded place out there .
Space is a Western luxury , by and large .
In the cities of South Asia , people swarm you , watch you , talk to you , and possibly pet you .
In India , the women would stroke my hair and hand me babies , pretty much just because I am light - skinned .
Life is lived in close quarters so you will get up close and personal with each new country .
But perhaps the best thing , eventually you become wholly accustomed to it and unfazed .
6 . Pick your battles .
Every culture is different , and that ’s not just in developing countries .
Landing in Japan is like a slap in the face with different cultural practices .
In developing countries though , that ’s where to often find the starkest differences .
You ca n’t freak out over it all .
Some seemingly unpleasant things will be a fact of life .
Pull on your humanity and remember to keep perspective when it seems like shit is hitting the fan .
7. Chaos .
Everywhere .
Sometimes it ’s organized chaos .
Often times it ’s not .
And while there are some notable exceptions to that , for a first - timer in a place like India , it feels like life is running at a frenetic pace .
8. Amenities , toiletries , and creature comforts are very basic .
Chalk this up to quirks .
Somehow I found a jar of Skippy peanut butter in Dharamsala , but I spent three months searching for Q - tips .
What you take as a baseline normal part of life might not be normal at all where you ’re visiting .
Usually they have a local work - around , though , so ask a bit about how to solve your dilemma if you can’t find something on the road .
9 . They have public transport figured out .
So much of the world outside of the U.S. has taken public transportation as a key concern .
Trains run through India , buses dart across Southeast Asia .
And while transport can sometimes be amazingly on time , it also might never show up .
Learn to go with the flow and do n’t pick this as a battle because you wo n’t win .
Just embrace the experience and go with the flow .
10 .
Nothing will faze you , which is really not such a bad way to live .
I found that a result of traveling in Nepal was a total desensitization to boisterous political demonstrations that might lead to mayhem .
It ’s not that I wanted it to happen , but that frenetic fear was gone .
When you ’re on the road , you ’ll figure it out if it ’s serious enough to call for it .
11 . You ’ll learn to be really comfortable talking about bodily functions .
Diarrheal illnesses are real .
You will get one , it ’s just a matter of time .
12 . You ’ll learn to be really comfortable talking about your travel companion ’s bodily functions .
You will know as much about their bodily functions as you do your own .
It ’s just a fact of life on the road and an open topic for discussion .
I ’ve even broached the subject with random travelers because , hey , we ’re all in this together .
13 .
Pop songs that normally make you sneer become the new favs .
Many songs that are a decade old have just hit it off in the places you ’ll visit .
And boy do they embrace them with enthusiasm .
Once there ’s a hit that seems to go over well , it plays incessantly .
These songs though , they ’re another layer of nostalgia because they invariably link themselves to places , events and smells .
Summer of ’ 69 reminds me of tubing in Laos .
And I ca n’t begin to tell you how many times I have listened to Shaggy in the past three days — were nearing a dozen !
14 . It does n’t make sense .
If you did n’t grow up there , then some of the quirks will just not make sense .
But it will be interesting , if you allow yourself to be open to curiosity in each new place .
15 . A lot of unexpected things are just a bit harder to do .
Finding the right train takes a while .
Using dial - up speeds in an internet café could be a half - day project .
Finding that book you want to read may take months of combing tourist book swap shops .
But there ’s time , so what ’s the hurry ?
16 . Outside of the US , some places just do n’t queue … they just do n’t .
The idea of a neat line of people waiting until their turn — sometimes that does n’t exist !
In India , a few times I had someone throw an elbow to advance toward the vendor .
Those it ’s weird , I learned to gently shove , and give a good push right back at them .
17 . Traffic and cars .
Nothing I read prepared me for sheer amount of traffic — and that ’s saying something , I lived in L.A. !
Lines in the road are often nonexistent , and your mode of transportation will think nothing of dodging through oncoming traffic .
If it ’s faster than waiting on the correct side of the road then it ’s fair game .
And helmets on motorcycles rarely exist .
This is changing in many parts , but helmet laws are rare in a lot of places .
Oh , and motorcyclists can accomplish great feats —
I ’ve seen some talking on a cell phone , eating a sandwich , and safely transport an entire family .
They keep it interesting , that ’s for sure .
18 . Oh , and really :
It still does n’t make sense .
19 .
Their idea of modesty is much different than ours .
Dress codes vary by country , and many are becoming more Western in style , but only a bit .
Modest dress codes are in order in much of the developing parts of Asia .
And it ’s kinda nice .
Once you embrace the modesty of the developing world it ’s hard to go back .
I love my Indian kurta with all of my heart .
It was only after some distinctly strange looks in Milan that I shoved in deep into the recesses of my pack and pulled out other more fashionable items I had last used in Australia .
They are a bit obsessed with fashion there , I guess .
But even then , I pulled it out for long travel days .
20 .
The people are generally incredibly and overwhelmingly warm .
Most people in the world want you to visit their country and enjoy it .
To explore and have a good experience .
The kindness if very real and countless people offered me meals , conversations , and friendship .
There is so much to love about these less - structured countries .
Most people call them “ developing , ” but really that ’s a term for the economists .
These countries have developed cultures , food histories , and long histories that dates far back into history .
I know that Jenn will never join me in many of these places , but I have a special place in my heart for the swath of countries I traveled on that part of my round the world trip .
The best I advice I can offer to new travelers is this : Recognize that control and certainty do n’t exist .
Just surrender .
As a Westerner , you have to abandon the preconceived notions .
And definitely abandon the need to control every moment and circumstance .
You could try to force everything into a sanitized version of what you expected .
But what is the fun in that ?
It ’s all better when you are just floating along with it , adrift in the well - meaning chaos .
Jenn ’s list began to balloon out of control by the end into the most minutely hilarious additions , but really these are just some of the top reasons to dig in and love every moment of traveling in developing countries ! :-)
If you ’re planning a trip , why not head over to my travel planning resources page for the nitty - gritties on everything you need to plan the trip .
And my country guides offer a great overview of what you should know before you go , as well as how to travel responsibly in each new place .
By Rahul Tandon
BBC News , Delhi
Residents in Punjab shout slogans against the state government
Protests are growing in Delhi over power cuts as the Indian capital remains in the grip of a heat wave .
The government of the northern state of Punjab has announced that its offices will shut early as it also attempts to deal with a similar power crisis .
In Delhi , police have been called to break up demonstrations outside the offices of electricity companies .
Hundreds of people turned up at the house of a state minister demanding a solution to the problem .
As residents wait for this year 's delayed monsoon , it is getting hotter and hotter and the disruptions to power supplies are getting bigger and bigger .
' Grim '
Most of the residents at the protests are without power for between six to 10 hours a day .
With temperatures in the mid-40s , there is an increasing demand for electricity as everyone tries to cool down .
The system here is unable to cope .
Some people are now sleeping in their air - conditioned cars .
The Chief Minister of Delhi , Sheila Dikshit , has described the situation as grim .
This city will host the Commonwealth Games next year and some say the current crisis shows that it is not ready .
The chief minister has dismissed those fears , saying two power plants are being constructed for the games .
This year 's delayed monsoon is slowly moving across India .
The people of Delhi are praying it gets here soon .
Swarms of tremors could point to quake danger Earthquakes
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Swarms of tremors could point to quake danger 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Swarms of small tremors deep beneath the ground after two recent quakes in Monterey County may be adding stress to a seismically locked segment of the San Andreas fault and could presage a major earthquake , two Berkeley scientists suggest .
The scientists detected an abrupt increase in tremor activity beneath the tiny San Luis Obispo County town of Cholame , just after two large quakes struck on the San Andreas fault in nearby Parkfield and San Simeon in Monterey County .
That rise in activity , say Robert Nadeau and Aurélie Guilhem of the UC Berkeley Seismological Laboratory , indicates that stress is increasing inside the San Andreas at Cholame , 45 miles southeast of the epicenter of the 1857 Fort Tejon quake at Morgan Peak .
The temblor , one of the greatest earthquakes in California history , caused little damage because the region was virtually uninhabited at the time , but the fault has generated no significant movement since then and is considered locked for 185 miles to the south .
Cholame stands just at the northern end of that locked segment of the San Andreas , and the swarm of tremors shuddering faintly beneath the community is continuing today , well after the earthquakes struck only a few miles to the northwest .
Nadeau and Guilhem reported on those tremors and their possible significance today in the journal Science .
Nadeau said that increased tremor activity has also been seen in other active fault zones around the world - with the same possible significance .
Deep earth tremors , unrelated to those often felt inside volcanoes that are about to erupt , were first detected less than 10 years ago , and their cause has proved both mysterious and controversial .
They occur beneath the San Andreas well below the depth where the fault ruptures in earthquakes and have been detected in swarms more than 20 miles down , where the Earth 's brittle crust encounters the more viscous rocks of the mantle .
Nadeau and Guilhem have found records of more than 2,100 tremors in seismometers lowered into deep boreholes near Parkfield , the self - described " Earthquake Capital of the World , where a magnitude - 6 temblor struck in 2004 .
Another quake with a magnitude of 6.5 had struck San Simeon the year before and killed two people .
The most intense swarm of tremors was recorded immediately beneath Cholame , the Berkeley quake scientists said .
" We 've shown that earthquakes can stimulate tremors next to a locked ( fault ) zone , but we do n't yet have evidence that this tells us anything about future quakes , " Nadeau said in a statement .
" But if earthquakes trigger tremors , the pressure that stimulates tremors may also stimulate earthquakes . "
Kerry E. Sieh , a seismologist who left the California Institute of Technology recently to direct the Earth Observatory at Singapore , a major new earthquake and volcano research center there , called the report on tremors " very interesting and quite exciting . "
" Overall , " he said in an e-mail , " I think Nadeau and Guilhem may be on to something very important for medium - term earthquake forecasting . "
David Shelly , a geophysicist at the U.S. Geologic Survey in Menlo Park who has studied deep tremors in quake - prone Japan and along the Cascadia subduction zone off the northwestern Pacific coast , said Nadeau 's report provides valuable new information on the still poorly understood nature of the deep tremors .
And although he too has suggested that they may be related to " increased seismic hazard , " he said it is debatable that the swarms beneath Cholame are signaling that stress is building up beneath the locked segment of the San Andreas there .
" Tremors are exciting , and they may well be reflecting what 's going on deep beneath faults , " he said .
" But they need a lot more monitoring before we can understand how their behavior affects the increasing stresses that build up inside faults before they rupture . "
In his veto message , Lynch said while " I have been open , and remain open , to allowing tightly controlled usage of marijuana for appropriate medical purposes , " the " defects " in the bill that passed with bipartisan support in the Legislature prevented his support .
Lynch 's reasoning did not convince a cancer survivor who ate marijuana cookies to help her deal with the painful side effects of chemotherapy more than a decade ago .
" I am angry and I think it 's just crazy that we could n't get this bill passed , " said Nancy Grossman of Portsmouth .
" This bill could n't be tighter .
I do n't understand ( Lynch 's ) position . "
Grossman and other cancer survivors had met with aides of Lynch recently to lobby for the bill , and she plans " on a busy summer " to convince lawmakers to override Lynch 's veto .
Rep. Trinka Russell , D - Stratham , one of the bill 's co-sponsors , said she was disappointed but not surprised by Lynch 's veto because of his previous concerns .
But the veto has made Russell more determined to get the bill right .
" I think it really bothers me when there are so many in pain who would be helped by this , " Russell said .
" We will try again , because it 's important to me and it's a worthy cause .
Sometimes the time is n't right , and you need to be patient to get the right bill . "
The medical marijuana bill — which passed the Senate by a 14 - 10 vote and 232-108 in the House — allowed for small distributions of the drug through so - called " compassion centers " to serve some 150 terminally ill and acute care patients per year .
New Hampshire would have been the 14th state in the country to allow some form of medical marijuana distribution .
Lynch focused his veto message on potential abuses of distribution and use .
" Law enforcement officials have raised legitimate public safety concerns regarding the cultivation and distribution of marijuana , " Lynch said .
" These concerns have not been adequately addressed in this bill .
Marijuana is an addictive drug that has the potential to pose significant health dangers to its users , and it remains the most widely abused illegal drug in this state . "
Supporters said plenty of safeguards had been built in to limit distribution .
But opponents , such as Portsmouth Police Chief Michael Magnant , had encouraged Lynch to veto the bill .
" Calling it medicine does n't make it so , " Magnant told the Herald .
" It 's not FDA - approved , and there 's no quality control .
It leads to higher drug use , and it impairs driving .
I think it sends the wrong message to our kids . "
But Sen. Martha Fuller Clark , D - Portsmouth , said the Legislature " leaned over backwards to create the most focused law in the country " — and that Lynch 's concerns and those of law enforcement were " ill - founded " and had been addressed .
" We should have policy in place that cares for our most vulnerable , and that 's what the legislation did , " she said .
" The reality is that if a person wants to get marijuana , they can get it .
I do n't believe we are going to see people taking advantage of people who are truly ill .
Sometimes , controversial legislation does n't succeed the first time .
It takes a while to educate the public , policy makers and leaders why it's the correct and appropriate thing to do . "
Source : Portsmouth Herald ( NH )
Author : Michael Mccord
Published : July 11 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Seacoast Newspapers
Contact : news@seacoastonline.com
Website : http://www.seacoastonline.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/7GvYta2R
Related Articles :
Medical Marijuana Bill Vetoed
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24915.shtml
Lynch Vetoes Bill Legalizing Medical Pot
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24914.shtml
The TIOBE index is meaningless
The TIOBE index ranks programming languages .
It claims to be based " on the world - wide availability of skilled engineers , courses and third party vendors " .
But how can they reliably and automatically mine such infomration using just search engine results ?
Actually , not only is their data not very reliable , but it is also prone to " spamming " , because search engines are !
And this is why we see a totally obscure experimental Forth - like language such as " Factor " get in the top 50 .
There is only one explanation : the TIOBE index is simply a combination of the number of results of some search queries at major search engines ; as a handful of persons regularly post articles about Factor at social bookmarking sites such as Reddit or at Wikipedia , this artificially inflates their position .
The other explanation is that Factor is legitimately getting a lot of web attention .
But that 's absurd , since it does n't deserve any serious attention .
I mean , it is on the same level as Brainfuck .
Brainfuck is interesting to programming language geeks .
Factor can be interesting to Forth geeks , or compilation geeks .
But that 's not what TIOBE is about .
In the real world , there is no Factor .
It is just a virtually unknown obscure experimental language with a small fandom that managed to get into a mostly meaningless index .
You want proof ?
There is not a single scholarly article about it , not a single PhD about it , actually not a single known application written in Factor , no single school giving courses in Factor ; in fact , Factor is n't even in the Debian distribution , while Brainfuck , which is also an obscure language , is .
How many persons in the world are paid to write Factor code ?
But then it could be that Factor is the language of the future , and TIOBE is very good at picking languages of the future ?
It seems that TIOBE is just very good at picking spamming effort .
Consider the following important languages , which are not in the top 50 .
Let 's show that the rankings at the TIOBE index do not map to language importance according to any criteria other than web hype :
VHDL , an industry - standard hardware description language , is not even in the top 50 .
Verilog is n't even mentioned on the TIOBE page .
Ocaml is a well - known , academically developed state - of - the art functional language that has been around for ten years ( and much more if you count its direct ancestor Caml ) .
Typing ocaml OR " objective caml " OR caml at Google scholar returns about ten thousand results .
Ocaml is also used as a language in 173 Debian packages , of which 40 are end - user applications ( i.e. , not dependencies ) .
Ocaml has thousands of users , is teached at hundreds of schools , and has Intel , Dassault Systems and Microsoft in its consortium .
F # is an Ocaml derivative for .
NET .
Yet , Ocaml is not in the top 50 , while the obscure Factor is .
This simply means that the TIOBE metric is absolutely meaningless .
Actually there is an ML at position 42 , but which ML is that ?
SML ? XML ?
HTML ?
YaML ?
But that does n't include Ocaml , since it 's mentioned elsewhere .
Languages which legitimately have buzz around them include Scala , which is academically developed , and has many posts about it at Reddit .
Still not in top 50 .
The other languages cited in the top 50 are usually vendor - specific languages of products that have some momentum ; for many of those languages , knowledge of the language is indistinguishable from knowledge of the particular software product .
And what the hell is PL fucking I doing in a 2008 list of the top 50 languages ?
So , while obscure experimental languages and vendor - specific scripting frameworks clutter the top 50 list , industrially and academically important real - world languages such as VHDL , Verilog or Ocaml are relegated to the end or not mentioned at all .
Out of all the problems we have run into in dealing with the giant hairball that is known as the Bush War on Terror , one of the weirdest is the reaction to President Obama ’s plan to close down Guantánamo .
In the rank of threats to public safety , putting the Guantánamo inmates in maximum - security prisons in the United States has got to come in way behind , say , making it easy for customers to purchase firearms at gun shows .
But to hear the howls coming from Congress , you ’d think the Obama administration was planning to house the prisoners in suburban preschools .
“ Terrorists .
Coming soon to a neighborhood near you , ” warned a Republican Web video , which mixed pictures of accused terrorists with road signs in states where the G.O.P. predicted they might be sent .
In another production , the occasionally loyal opposition resurrected the infamous “ Daisy ” countdown ad to show a little girl picking petals off a flower while the president prepares to close Gitmo .
“ To bring the worst of the worst terrorists inside the United States would be cause for great danger and regret in the years to come , ” snarled Dick Cheney in his “ no middle ground ” speech .
Although really , for the sake of the national mental health , it might be better if we all just ignore the former vice president until he agrees to undergo therapy .
Forget I ever mentioned it .
The solitary analog nub on the PlayStation Portable has been a much criticized feature .
When rumors first surfaced about the PSP Go , many fans of the multipurpose handheld felt the addition of an analog nub was a foregone conclusion .
During Sony ’s E3 Press Conference , Kaz Hirai , President of Sony Computer Entertainment noted that the PSP
Go was a result of feedback from developers and gamers alike .
With so many fans clamoring for an additional analog nub , how could the feature be omitted ?
According to Shuhei Yoshida , President of Sony Worldwide Studios , it was considered .
In the latest issue of Game Informer Yoshida explains exactly why it was left out :
“ We also felt – like many users – that we wish we had a second analog on the PSP .
But we are talking about the mid-life cycle of this platform , and the PSPgo is designed to be perfectly compatible with the PSP - 3000 and all the games that released before that .
So we had a very serious discussion about this particular subject , but we decided not to add a second analog , and some of the developers are doing quite a nice job translating the second analog functionality to different buttons .
We did n’t want to divert their efforts either . ”
– Shuhei Yoshida , President of Sony Worldwide Studios
For developer ’s sake , you ca n’t create two different control form factors in the middle of a handheld ’s life cycle .
A proposed rate hike by Xcel Energy for homes with solar energy panels is sending a wave of concern through the state ’s solar energy installation industry .
Xcel estimates that for an average Boulder home with a 4.5 - kilowatt solar array , the annual charge would be about $ 23 .
But the Colorado Solar Energy Industries Association calculated that for very efficient solar homes , the fee could add up to $ 200 a year or more .
The charge will dampen the sale of solar energy systems , said Beth Hart , director of the solar industries association .
“ No one is going to buy a system open to an escalating charge their neighbors are n’t paying , ” Hart said .
Since March 2006 , about 3,000 homes and businesses have installed 33 megawatts of solar power valued at about $ 200 million , according to the industry association .
“ There is some tension between Xcel and solar power users , ” said Jeremy Nichols , energy director for WildEarth Guardians , an environmental group .
“ To some degree they are in competition . ”
The proposal for a base monthly charge on homes that “ net meter ” or sell into the Xcel grid as well as purchase power is to help pay for the cost of transmission lines , according to Xcel officials .
A charge for transmission and distribution lines is built into the rates for the average customer , said Tom Henley , an Xcel spokesman .
Homes with solar that net meter and use far less power have n’t paid that charge .
“ It ’s only fair everyone pay for the system , ” Henley said , adding that the electric grid provides a “ backup ” for the solar homes .
For example , that Boulder home with a peak month of 879 kilowatt - hours would have a minimum monthly rate of $ 22.87 , according to an Xcel filing with the Public Utilities Commission .
In months where the house used more electricity than the minimum rate , the bill would be higher .
In months where electricity use dropped because of solar offsets , the homeowner would still have to pay that $ 22.87 minimum rate .
Xcel estimates the total annual cost to such a Boulder homeowner for power that was n’t actually used would be $ 22.75 .
But Xcel concedes the rate could be higher .
The industry association says , for example , that a home that used 879 kilowatt - hours for one month and used no electricity for the other 11 months would have a minimum monthly rate of $ 22.87 , equal to an annual charge of $ 274 .
Mark Jaffe : 303-954-1912 or mjaffe@denverpost.com
How the charge would be set
Under the proposal , homes with solar systems installed after April 2010 would pay a minimum transmission charge based on the peak month ’s electricity consumption in a year .
Sport
Sport1
Vor dem Supercup - Duell zwischen dem FC Bayern München und Borussia Dortmund hat es im Training des Deutschen Rekordmeisters offenbar gekracht .
Das berichtet die Bild .
( Supercup : FC Bayern München - Borussia Dortmund am Mi. , ab 20.30 im LIVETICKER ) Die Reservisten und Einwechselspieler von der bösen Pleite gegen die TSG Hoffenheim am Sonntag absolvierten am Montag an der Säbener Straße ein Trainingsspiel ( Ergebnisse und Spielplan der Bundesliga ) Auch Robert Lewandowski nahm an der Einheit teil , nachdem er gegen Hoffenheim erst in der 57 .
Minute eingewechselt wurde .
Werde Deutschlands Tippkönig !
Jetzt zum SPORT1 Tippspiel anmelden Der Pole ging laut des Berichts im Training hart zur Sache und brachte Michael Cuisance zu Fall .
Der Franzose stand am Sonntag nicht einmal im Kader und steht vor einem Wechsel vor Leeds United .
Flick tröstet - Lewandowski mit KlartextTrainer Hansi Flick ließ das Trainingsspiel aber weiterlaufen , obwohl Cuisance am Boden lag .
Der Youngster schimpfte anschließend offenbar in Richtung Lewandowskis , der ihn aber ignorierte .
DAZN gratis testen und die Bundesliga auf Abruf erleben | ANZEIGE Nach der Trainingseinheit soll Flick tröstend auf Cuisance eingeredet haben .
Auch Lewandowski wiederum suchte das Zwiegespräch , ließ aber wohl deutliche und weniger versöhnliche Worte fallen .
Cuisance und Lewandowski deeskalierenAm
Abend betätigten sich dann sowohl Cuisance als auch Lewandowski deeskalierend in den sozialen Medien .
" Du hast mir etwas beigebracht " , twitterte der Französe mit sechs lachenden Smileys , Lewandowski antwortete mit deren drei .
Am Sonntag waren Gerüchte aufgekommen , Leeds United sei sich mit Cuisance einig , was SPORT1 bestätigen kann .
Nach SPORT1 - Informationen drängt Cuisance schon seit längerem auf einen Wechsel - nicht zuletzt , weil er unter Trainer Hansi Flick einen schweren Stand im Kader hat .
Gegen Hoffenheim stand der 21 Jahre alte Franzose nicht einmal im Kader , weil Flick ihm aus sportlichen Gründen den erst 17 Jahre alten Jamal Musiala vorgezogen hatte .
The fossilized remains of a tiny 100 million - year - old crustacean reveal evidence of what to her at least would have been giant sperm , measuring perhaps as long as her body .
While the sperm itself was not preserved , 3 - D images of the female 's specialized receptacles indicate she had just finished having sex and that they were filled with sperm that has since degraded .
( The oldest direct evidence of sperm comes from a springtail living some 40 million years ago , according to the researchers . )
Called Harbinia micropapillosa , the tiny organism now found to bear evidence of degraded sperm was also an ostracod , crustaceans ranging in size from smaller than a poppy seed to as large as a meatball .
The organisms are still around on Earth today and are equipped with up to eight pairs of appendages along their bivalve bodies .
They are known for their supersized sperm relative to their body size , reaching a record - breaking 10 body lengths , or 0.2 inches ( 6 millimeters ) , in Propontocypris monstrosa .
The males are likewise well - endowed , having correspondingly large copulatory organs to cope with their sperm , said lead researcher Renate Matzke - Karasz of Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich , Germany .
( When sperm length reaches that of the organism 's body , it can arguably be called " giant , " Matzke - Karasz said . )
Matzke - Karasz and her colleagues used holotomography , a type of 3 - D scanning method , to look at the reproductive organs of specimens of H. micropapillosa ( male and female remains ) , along with those of a living relative called Eucypris virens .
Living ostracods like E. virens have reproductive organs separated into two systems located on both sides of the body .
The males have two sperm pumps and two copulatory organs ( aka penises ) , while females have two vaginal openings connected to long ducts that end in semen receptacles .
The researchers found that three specimens of male H. micropapillosa contained hollow tubes at the back of the body , which were likely sperm pumps .
The two female specimens showed paired cavities that corresponded with seminal receptacles , which are only known from ostracods reproducing with giant sperm .
" The receptacles must have been filled with sperm in order to be preserved as two cavities , " the researchers write .
Empty receptacles are folded up inside the body and only take on their distinctive shape and size after sperm gets transferred into them .
And if the ancient ostracods copulated like their modern counterparts , it would 've been arduous .
" The copulation itself takes a long time .
They have to find each other , and during the act the female has to actively ' agree , ' because otherwise she simply closes her carapace , " Matzke - Karasz told LiveScience .
" The copulation when it starts seems to be energetically costly because it can last up to one hour . "
The new research , detailed in the June 19 issue of the journal Science , shows ostracods were already reproducing with giant sperm well into the Mesozoic Era even though sperm and its associated organs can be energetically draining to organisms .
" Now we can show that in spite of the costs , it must be a successful way to reproduce , since it ' survived ' for such a long time , " Matzke - Karasz said .
Why Are 250 Million Sperm Cells Released During Sex ?
Rapid Evolution Gives Sperm the Advantage
Animal Sex : No Stinking Rules
ANAHEIM , Calif . | The U.S. Episcopal Church put itself on a collision course with the rest of the Anglican Communion by formally approving Tuesday the ordination of gay bishops , defying warnings that the Church of England may respond by recognizing a rival Anglican church .
The 2.1- million - member U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion also was preparing Wednesday to approve blessing ceremonies for same - sex unions , a further slap at the Archbishop of Canterbury , who warned the U.S. church last week not to act in ways that deepen the splits in the 77 - million - member worldwide communion .
In Tuesday ’s actions , the U.S. church reversed a promise made to the rest of the communion by agreeing to end the church ’s gay - bishop ban , which the church imposed in 2006 at its last triennial convention after the worldwide furor over the 2003 consecration of Bishop V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire .
The House of Bishops voted here at the Episcopal Church ’s triennial General Convention on Monday night to pass a resolution opening all levels of ordained ministry to gay clergy .
The move formally took effect Tuesday when the House of Deputies , which already had passed a similar resolution on gay bishops , affirmed the bishops ’ measure by 72 percent to 28 percent .
Bishop John B. Chane of Washington , who had said earlier he did not think the “ time was right ” to end the ban , told The Washington Times on Tuesday that he had shifted his position .
As the debate intensified , he said , he realized a ban on gay clergy “ prohibited dioceses from being open to the power of the Holy Spirit . ”
On Wednesday , the two chambers are expected to finish work on preparing formal rites to bless same - sex unions .
The resolution , which already has passed a committee vote and is expected to win approval , would allow churches in states that permit gay marriage to offer “ a generous pastoral response , ” including blessing ceremonies for gay couples .
The votes come as a sharp rebuke to the Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , who last week told the bishops and deputies attending the Episcopal Church ’s general convention not to take any “ decisions in the coming days that could push us further apart . ”
Bishop N.T. Wright of Durham , England , denounced the votes in a letter to the Times of London for Wednesday ’s editions , saying “ the Americans know this will end in schism . ”
“ In the slow - moving train crash of international Anglicanism , a decision taken in California has finally brought a large coach off the rails altogether .
The House of Bishops of the Episcopal Church ( TEC ) in the United States has voted decisively to allow in principle the appointment , to all orders of ministry , of persons in active same - sex relationships .
This marks a clear break with the rest of the Anglican Communion , ” Bishop Wright wrote .
Last week , Bishop Wright told the Church of England ’s General Synod that the House of Bishops ’ Theological Committee would study the organizing documents of the rival Anglican Church in North America ( ACNA ) , which was formed last month as a rival to the Episcopal Church .
A resolution to recognize the ACNA has also been proposed for synod debate .
On Monday , Archbishop Williams told the synod that “ I regret the fact that there is not the will to observe the moratorium in such a significant part of the Church in North America , ” and unsuccessfully urged the bishops to block it .
A spokesman for Archbishop Williams told The Times on Tuesday that the archbishop would not comment further on the vote , but had been in communication with leaders of the Episcopal Church about the developments .
Speaking in Anaheim , Bishop William Love of Albany , N.Y. , warned the other bishops on these points Monday night , saying during the debate that “ if the resolution passes , the Episcopal Church will cease to be part of the [ Anglican ] Communion . ”
Going back on the church ’s 2006 pledge not to allow gay bishops would not simply “ stress or tear the fabric ” of the Anglican Communion , “ it would totally shred it , ” Bishop Love said .
Coadjutor Bishop Shannon Johnston of Virginia reminded his colleagues of requests by Archbishop Williams and said that while he “ personally agrees ” with the resolution , he would vote against it as it “ breaks faith ” with the wider church .
The “ Anglican Communion is too much to lose , ” he said .
But Bishop J. Jon Bruno of Los Angeles argued that if “ we baptize people of all sexualities , ” the church should be able to ordain them .
“ We do n’t need any more study on this issue , ” he said .
“ Gays and lesbians have a right to the ordination process ” under church anti-discrimination laws .
Bishop Stacy Sauls of Lexington , Ky. , told the bishops that the church ’s decision 36 years ago to allow divorced people to remarry was a greater theological hurdle than allowing gay people to marry .
“ Remarriage after divorce was the moral equivalent of adultery , ” the church had always taught .
Yet the church had changed its teachings , such that “ today the vast majority of Anglicans ” accept divorce and remarriage .
“ The future Supreme Governor of the Church of England , ” referring to Britain ’s Prince Charles and his likely eventual ascension to the post held as a historical honor by the reigning British monarch , “ has been divorced and remarried . ”
It was wrong , he said , to deny gays the right to marry when they “ seek to live in a morally equivalent way . ”
On Monday night ’s key test vote , the House of Bishops adopted the gay clergy resolution on a 99 - 45 roll call vote , with two abstentions .
The Washington - area bishops were divided .
Bishop Chane , Bishop Gene Sutton of Maryland , Bishop Peter Lee of Virginia and Assistant Bishop David Jones of Virginia voted in favor , while Bishop Johnston and Assistant Bishop John Rabb of Maryland opposed the resolution .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
It 's horrible to consider – a plane crash wipes out an entire NHL team – but the league has thought about it nonetheless .
That 's why the league requires teams to have a $ 1 million ( all figures U.S. ) insurance policy on each player , one of the provisos in the NHL bylaws made public over the weekend in court filings regarding the bankruptcy of the Phoenix Coyotes .
If a team is left with fewer than 14 players and one goaltender following some sort of catastrophe , the league sets in motion its Emergency Rehabilitation Plan .
First , the " disabled team " would be allowed to negotiate to buy players under contract from other teams , with payment coming from the insurance money .
If that did n't fill out the roster , a draft would be held , much like an expansion draft .
Teams could protect 10 players and one goalie .
The disabled team would be allowed to take no more than one player from each of the other teams .
The price for each player is $ 1 million in insurance money .
Other parts of the league 's bylaws show the power commissioner Gary Bettman wields :
Any league member who has " wilfully breached " the league 's constitution , bylaws , rules or collective bargaining agreement can be fined $ 1 million .
Team officials face a $ 150,000 fine for making " detrimental " comments regarding expansion .
Team officials face a $ 250,000 fine for publicly disclosing the league 's position on collective bargaining with the players ' union .
Teams face a $ 1 million fine for offering bonus money to players outside their contracts .
Any member of a team who conspires to lose can be fined , suspended or expelled from the league .
Betting on hockey by players , officials , team executives and league staff is prohibited .
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday 6th June 2009
You are killing our creative industries .
“ Downloading costs billions ” said the Sun .
“ MORE than seven million Brits use illegal downloading sites that cost the economy billions of pounds , Government advisors said today .
Researchers found more than a million people using a download site in ONE day and estimated that in a year they would use £ 120 bn worth of material . ”
That ’s about a tenth of our GDP .
No wonder the Daily Mail were worried too : “ The network had 1.3 million users sharing files online at midday on a weekday .
If each of those downloaded just one file per day , this would amount to 4.73 billion items being consumed for free every year . ”
Now I am always suspicious of this industry , because they have produced a lot of dodgy figures over the years .
I also doubt that every download is lost revenue since , for example , people who download more also buy more music .
I ’d like more details .
So where do these notions of so many billions in lost revenue come from ?
I found the original report .
It was written by some academics you can hire in a unit at UCL called CIBER , the Centre for Information Behaviour and the Evaluation of Research ( which “ seeks to inform by countering idle speculation and uninformed opinion with the facts ” ) .
The report was commissioned by a government body called SABIP , the Strategic Advisory Board for Intellectual Property Policy .
On the billions lost it says : “ Estimates as to the overall lost revenues if we include all creative industries whose products can be copied digitally , or counterfeited , reach £ 10 billion ( IP Rights , 2004 ) , conservatively , as our figure is from 2004 , and a loss of 4,000 jobs . ”
What is the origin of this conservative figure ?
I hunted down the full CIBER documents , found the references section , and followed the web link , which led to a 2004 press release from a private legal firm called Rouse who specialise in intellectual property law .
This press release was not about the £ 10 bn figure .
It was , in fact , a one page document , which simply welcomed the government setting up an intellectual property theft strategy .
In a short section headed “ background ” , among five other points , it says : “ Rights owners have estimated that last year alone counterfeiting and piracy cost the UK economy £ 10 billion and 4,000 jobs . ”
An industry estimate , as an aside , in a press release .
Genius .
But what about all these other figures in the media coverage ?
Lots of it revolved around the figure of 4.73 billion items downloaded each year , worth £ 120 billion .
This means each downloaded item , software , movie , mp3 , ebook , is worth about £ 25 .
Now before we go anywhere , this already seems rather high .
I am not an economist , and I do n’t know about their methods , but to me , for example , an appropriate comparator for someone who downloads a film to watch it once might be the rental value , not the sale value .
And someone downloading a £ 1,000 professional 3D animation software package to fiddle about with at home may not use it more than three times .
I ’m just saying .
In any case , that ’s £ 175 a week or £ 8,750 a year potentially not being spent by millions of people .
Is this really lost revenue for the economy , as reported in the press ?
Plenty will have been schoolkids , or students , and even if not , that ’s still about a third of the average UK wage .
Before tax .
Oh but the figures were wrong : it was actually 473 million items and £ 12 billion ( so the item value was still £ 25 ) but the wrong figures were in the original executive summary , and the press release .
They changed them quietly , after the errors were pointed out by a BBC journalist .
I can find no public correction .
I asked what steps they took to notify journalists of their error , which exaggerated their findings by a factor of ten and were widely reported in news outlets around the world .
SABIP refused to answer my questions in emails , insisted on a phone call ( always a warning sign ) , told me that they had taken steps but would n’t say what , explained something about how they could n’t be held responsible for lazy journalism , then , bizarrely , after ten minutes , tried to tell me retrospectively that the whole call was actually off the record , that I was n’t allowed to use the information in my piece , but that they had answered my questions , and so they did n’t need to answer on the record , but I was n’t allowed to use the answers , and I could n’t say they had n’t answered , I just could n’t say what the answers were .
Then the PR man from SABIP demanded that I acknowledge , in our phone call , formally , for reasons I still do n’t fully understand , that he had been helpful .
I think it ’s okay to be confused and disappointed by this .
Like I said : as far as I ’m concerned , everything from this industry is false , until proven otherwise .
Axelrod : White House Didn't Coordinate With Report On Question
David Axelrod , who serves as President Obama 's chief adviser appeared on " Meet the Press " this Sunday .
Axelrod said that the White House did n't coordinate with a reporter what question Obama would be asked .
He said they knew the reporter had the ability to communicate with the Iranians and wanted to use him .
Axelrod called the reporter a " vehicle " to get questions from Iranians .
Axelrod said he had " no problem " with what occurred and would do it again .
Axelrod said that a health care reform bill will pass this year and he expects to get some of Democrats that voted against the energy bill to vote for a public health care option .
Axelrod concludes that the public wants a government option .
You can find just about anyone on Twitter , and leaders are no exception .
Whether you ’re looking for motivational speakers , New York Best Selling authors , social media experts , or politicians , you can find quite a few interesting personalities .
Read on to learn about 100 leaders on Twitter that you can learn from .
Speakers
These speakers and experts offer inspiration and learning .
@johncmaxwell : John Maxwell is a bestselling author from Florida and speaker on leadership .
@ RickM : Check out Rick Myers , founder and CEO of Talent Zoo. @angiechaplin : Angie is a leadership presenter , practitioner and professor .
@ MachenMacDonald : Follow Machen to learn from a # 1 bestselling author , coach , and speaker .
@ AndrewWindham :
This professional speaker and entrepreneur from Atlanta , Georgia can help coach you in your business .
@tonyrobbins : Tony Robbins offers loads of inspiration .
@ KevinEikenberry : Kevin is a leadership expert , speaker , consultant , and more .
Business & Entrepreneurship
Getting an online bachelor ’s in Business ?
Learn about business from these entrepreneurs and other business experts on Twitter .
@raedsam : @raedsam is a businessman , leader , and humanitarian .
@cpoizat : @cpoizat is the Founder and President of International Network of Social Entrepreneurs .
@ramit : Follow Ramit Sethi to find loads of entrepreneurial knowledge .
@SDEntrepreneur : Follow James
Hickey , an entrepreneur in Internet marketing and direct marketing .
@guykawasaki :
You can learn about business and venture capital from Guy Kawasaki who lives in Silicon Valley .
@ StartupGuru : Follow Brian Tsuchiya to find loads of information about startups .
@mariaandros : Maria A. Andros empowers and teaches passionate entrepreneurs around the world .
@darrenmonroe : Darren Monroe can teach you about leadership and web marketing .
@ EntMagazineAmy : Follow Amy Cosper , the editor in chief of Entrepreneur Magazine .
@LIW3 : LIW3 is a global leadership consultancy supporting leaders around the world .
@el_maloush : Stephan Krause is a young entrepreneur , marketing expert , and opinion leader .
@ JohnChow : Follow John
Chow to learn about making money online .
@kevincottrell : Kevin Cottrell is a real estate media and economic expert who likes to share news and information about real estate and markets .
@charleneli : Charlene is the co-author of Groundswell and a thought leader on emerging technologies .
Religion
Learn from these religious leaders on Twitter or use their wisdom and expertise to supplement your bachelor ’s in Christian Studies .
@millerisms56 : Here you can follow the founder of Godtube .
@ TerryStorch : Follow Terry Storch to learn from a digerati pastor .
@bradpowell : Brad is a leader at NorthRidge Church in Michigan .
Social Media
These leaders can help teach you about social media .
@ DannyBrown : Check out Danny Brown , who provides business branding and social media consultancy services .
@problogger : Darren Rowse is a goldmine of information for bloggers .
@skydiver : Follow Peter Shakman , a social media CEO adventurist and founder of Help A Reporter Out.
@ ScottAllen : Follow Scott Allen for insight into social media and entrepreneurship .
@ JasonCalcanis : Jason Calcanis can teach you about social media , online entrepreneurship , and more .
@copyblogger : Follow Brian Clark to learn about new media .
@wbaustin : Bill Austin is a social media expert .
@leeodden : Lee Odden is an SEO and social media marketer as well as a CEO of an Internet marketing agency .
@chrisbrogan : Check out Chris Brogan , a social media icon .
Politicians
Learn from senators , representatives and more .
@BarackObama : He ’s the President of the United States .
SenJohnMcCain : Follow former presidential candidate and senator from Arizona John McCain .
@GOPLeader : John Boehner is the Republican Leader of the US House of Representatives .
@ MarkWarner : Follow @MarkWarner from the US Senator and his staff .
@timryan : Tim Ryan serves Ohio‘s 17th District in Congress .
@ Schwarzenegger : Arnold Schwarzenegger is California ’s Governor .
@ DrRandPaul : Dr. Paul is a Senate hopeful and the son of former presidential candidate Dr. Ron Paul .
@ TomCoburn : Tom Coburn is a Senator from Oklahoma .
@ ChiefDeputyWhip : Kevin McCarthy serves as the US House of Representatives Chief Deputy Republican Whip .
@ ChuckGrassley : Chuck Grassley is a US Senator from New Hartford , Iowa .
@ SenChrisDodd : Follow the Senate office of Senator Chris Dodd .
@ RepMaryFallin : Mary Fallin represents the Fifth District of Oklahoma .
@ SenBillNelson : Bill Nelson is the senior Senator from Florida .
@jaredpolis : Jared Polis is a member of Congress from Colorado ’s 2nd District .
@keithellison : Follow Rep. Keith Ellison from Minnesota ’s Fifth Congressional District .
CEOs
Here you ’ll find lots of CEOs on Twitter .
@ev : Evan Williams is best known as the CEO of Twitter .
@timoreilly : Tim O’Reilly is the founder and CEO of O’Reilly media , supporting alpha geeks everywhere .
@randfish : Follow Rand Fishkin to learn about search optimization and Internet marketing .
@LIVESTRONGCEO : Doug Ulman is the President and CEO of the Lance Armstrong Foundation .
@zappos : Tony Hseih sets the standard for customer service everywhere .
@richardbranson : Richard Branson is a highly successful entrepreneur .
@tonyhawk : Tony Hawk is a professional skateboarder , CEO , and doting dad .
@kmesiab : Follow Kevin , the CEO of Mesiab Labs that is a voracious consumer of information .
@ RickM : Rick Myers is the founder and CEO of Talent Zoo and Offset Media .
@kevinrose : Kevin Rose is the founder of Digg. @sorenmacbeth : Follow this co-founder and CEO of Stocktwits to learn about currency markets and hedge funds .
Authors
You can learn from these authors on Twitter .
@neilhimself : Check out Neil Gaiman , a very popular author .
@penelopetrunk :
This author can help you with your career .
@missrogue : Tara Hunt is the author of The Whuffie Factor and supporter of good karma .
@tferriss : Get inspired by Tim Ferris , author of The 4 - Hour Work Week .
@shoemoney : Jeremy Schoemaker is an author , blogger , and managing partner of ShoeMoney Capital .
@stevenbjohnson : Steven Johnson is a writer of six books including Invention of Air. @ Ann_Sieg : Ann Sieg is the author of The Renegade Network Marketer .
@paulocoelho : Paulo Coelho is a writer and warrior of light .
Journalists & Reporters
Check out these journalists and reporters you can learn from on Twitter .
@JimMacMillan : Jim is a Pulitzer - winning visual journalist , university educator , and new media consultant .
@ JohnAByrne : John is the Editor - in - Chief of BusinessWeek.com and a digital journalism advocate .
@ AnnCurry : Ann Curry is most commonly known from her work at NBC .
@geoffkeighley : Geoff Keighley is a videogame journalist and host of Spike TV’s GTTV .
@ Gladwell : Malcolm Gladwell is a bestselling author and journalist .
@sarahcuda : Follow Sarah Lacy , a reporter and author in Silicon Valley .
@chrishansen : Chris Hansen is a TV journalist and author , known for segments on Dateline NBC .
@ SuzeOrmanShow : Suze Orman offers a wealth of knowledge about personal finance .
@ NikkiFinke : Nikki Finke is a showbiz journalist .
@rolandslakis : Follow Rolands Lakis , a TV director , producer , photographer , and more .
@ambermac : Amber is a Tech TV journalist , web content strategist , and more .
@alexismadrigal : Alexis is a Wired.com staff writer in science and energy , and is writing a book about the history of green tech in America .
@ McCainBlogette : John McCain ’s daughter Meghan McCain is a columnist for The Daily Beast .
@jdlasica : Follow JD Lasica , an author , blogger , and journalist .
Educators
Check out these educational leaders that you can learn from .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday 3 June 2009
The column below wrongly included Herman Daly in a list of great dead economists .
He is , in fact , alive and well and a professor at the University of Maryland .
Let 's play Fantasy Economics .
It 's a simple game based on Fantasy Football , where fans select a dream squad from the Premier League and win points if their players score , create or save goals .
In Fantasy Football , you want a solid goalkeeper , a playmaker , a couple of strikers likely to bag 15 - 20 goals a season each .
So , here 's the challenge .
This , by common consent , is the most challenging global economic environment there has been since the second world war .
Now is the time for big - picture economists to put in a performance on the big stage .
Who among those plying their trade in the world of macro-economics would you want on your team ?
Putting a team together of economists no longer with us is a breeze .
A team of dead economists drawn from all strands of the discipline might include Adam Smith , David Ricardo , Thomas Malthus , Karl Marx , Alfred Marshall , John Maynard Keynes , Friedrich Hayek , Richard Kahn , Joseph Schumpeter , Hyman Minsky and Herman Daly .
Whether these classical economists , Keynesians , free marketeers and greens would gel is open to question , but on paper it looks a formidable line - up .
Indeed , those on the bench would also be formidable : some would argue that William " Bill " Phillips or Milton Friedman deserve a place .
I 'd be tempted to find room for Karl Polanyi , even though he was an economic historian rather than an economist .
Still , you get the picture .
There is a wealth of talent to pick from ; so much , in fact , that it would be relatively easy for free marketeers , Keynesians , greens and Marxists to choose their own team .
Keynes , for example , might be the creative midfield playmaker in a team including Joan Robinson , Kahn , James Meade , Phillips , Nicky Kaldor , John Hicks , James Tobin , Michael Kalecki , Tommy Balogh and Polanyi ( if eligible ) .
Picking a modern 11 of comparable quality is a lot tougher .
Indeed , trying the game out at a Cambridge college a couple of weeks back , the consensus among the economists there was that there has not been a Keynesian economist since Minsky who would make the cut .
At the heart of Minsky 's work was the notion that deregulated financial markets have an in - built tendency to produce wild boom - bust cycles , and that periods of stability carry within them the seeds of an eventual bubble .
" A fundamental characteristic of our economy , " Minsky wrote , " is that the financial system swings between robustness and fragility , and these swings are an integral part of the process that generates business cycles . "
Unsurprisingly perhaps , there has been a revival in interest in Minsky 's work over the past two years , and much debate about whether the moment when the boom of the mid-years of this decade turned to financial crisis was a " Minsky moment " .
Fashion
Interestingly , Minsky delivered his warning in 1974 , just as Keynesian economics was going out of fashion during the stagflation that followed the first post - war oil shock .
Among living economists , the Cambridge academics thought only Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman would be vying for a place .
The demise of ­Keynesian economics in the land of its birth was underlined by the rueful acceptance that there is no longer a ­living ­British economist who would get into the squad .
In truth , though , the same might be said of a team captained by Hayek or Schumpeter .
Neither believed that conventional economics was much good at describing the way the world actually works ;
Schumpeter , in particular , was scathing about the validity of perfect competition , the basis for almost all economics teaching .
But candidates for an all - star team of free - market macro-economists are also thin on the ground .
The success of ­Freakonomics and similar books tell their own story : until the crisis broke in 2007 , it was assumed that the big picture was largely sorted and economists needed to concentrate on micro-economics , where much good work has been done , incidentally .
As a profession , economics not only has nothing to say about what caused the world to come to the brink of financial collapse last autumn , but also a supreme lack of interest in it .
If , for example , you scroll down the list of papers scheduled for publication by the Review of Economic Studies , one of the prestigious UK journals , there is not the slightest sense that the world of general equilibrium and real business cycle models has been turned upside down in the past two years .
There is , on the other hand a paper on " Generalised non-parametric deconvolution with an application to earnings dynamics " , which includes the insight that " Monte Carlo simulations show good finite - sample performance , less so if distributions are skewed or ­leptokurtic " .
Got that ?
And that 's just the abstract .
The full article is even more fun – if you get your kicks from fantasy economics divorced from reality .
Mathematical
The big divide in economics is not between Keynesians and Hayekians , but between those who are interested in looking at the world as it is and those who are interested in how it would be if it conformed to the dictates of their mathematical models .
The insights that Smith , Marx and Keynes brought to economics came not from differential calculus but from an attempt to understand what was happening during the early stages of the Industrial Revolution , the expansion of the mid-19th century and the Great Slump .
To those who believe in it , general equilibrium theory is a beautiful expression of the world assuming that the price mechanism works to align demand with supply and that human beings are rational economic agents .
There is no room for the idea – ­supported by Minsky and Schumpeter – that instability is inherent to the economy , and might be good for it .
Experiments have shown just how limited the modern approach can be .
Try this one for size : you are given £ 100 and told to share it with a stranger .
If the stranger accepts your offer you get the money , but if he rejects it neither of you get a penny .
How would you divide the cash ?
An economist 's answer is that you offer the stranger £ 1 and keep £ 99 for yourself .
That way you are both better off but you maximise your benefit .
But this is not what tends to happen , since it offends people 's sense of fairness .
Many people share the money equally .
There are economists out there battling against the mainstream .
Andrew Oswald , Amartya Sen , Robert Frank – you can take your pick of those who have insights into the way we live now .
Paul Ormerod has written a series of books describing how general equilibrium theory has driven economics down a blind alley .
But it should be of concern that mainstream economics is disappearing up its own fundament , with the determination to see economics as a hard science crowding out a more nuanced and ­relevant approach .
In the 1930s , ­Keynes was more interested in casino economics than he was in Monte Carlo simulations , but there is no Keynes , Schumpeter or Hayek out there with answers to our predicament .
Perhaps Henry
Ford got it wrong : it 's ­economics that 's bunk , not history .
larry.elliott@theguardian.com
Working on It
Over the past two years , posts on this blog have slowed to just a trickle , and a number of TextMate users have asked about TextMate ’s status , or publicly worried about its future .
This blog post , the first I ’ve written here in a long time , is an attempt to assuage those concerns and answer some of the most frequent questions .
In short , TextMate development is going strong : TextMate 2 is n’t done yet , but progress is steady , it is starting to take shape , and the end is in sight .
The rewrite has been a slow and careful process , but the ideas behind it are exciting .
I hope to publicly describe some new abstractions in the coming weeks and months .
Moreover , the community continues to churn out new bundles and features for TextMate 1.5 , and I ’ve been building up a backlog of posts describing them .
While I am not writing to announce a release date for TextMate 2 , I do hope that this post will be the first in a series showing a bit more transparency .
The requests for TextMate 1 have mostly been incremental additions such as split views , chunked undo , and editing over SFTP .
But TextMate 2 is about more than new surface features .
Every part has been completely rewritten to take advantage of the lessons learned from the years of version 1 .
Not only are the low - level data structures chosen for increased flexibility , but the abstractions on which TextMate is built — snippets , scope - based language grammars , context - dependent settings — have been rethought and are more powerful than ever .
In the coming months , I ’ll try to describe some of these new abstractions , but for now , know that I am excited about the new ideas involved .
So where does development stand for 2.0 ?
It feels to me like most of the modules are getting close , say 90 % .
But as they say , on the horizon , mountains look small .
While I use 2.0 for my own work , day - to - day , and the basic infrastructure is pretty solid , much of the front - end still needs work , and for now it ’s all lacking the spit and polish of a finished app .
Hopefully an alpha version will be ready before too long , but I ca n’t make any promises about dates .
And why have n’t I been better about keeping the world informed ?
It is a combination of many things really , but the main issue is that I am not good at writing for a large audience .
I am more into informal conversations , for instance over mailing lists or on IRC .
So while I started a lot of posts , I end up unhappy with them halfway through , and they do n’t get finished or published .
I am taking measures : I have enlisted a technical writer to help bring this blog back to life , and I ’ll try to communicate more of TextMate ’s status and direction through him .
Bigger than either of those problems though , as I mentioned , is that TextMate 2 is no minor facelift .
It ’s a major undertaking with a long timeline and its final form is n’t fully settled .
I do n’t want to hype vaporware , and I do n’t want to get anyone ’s hopes up before I know I can meet their expectations .
Furthermore , I have n’t wanted to throw ideas onto the internet without having a chance to implement them myself .
I ’m humbled that TextMate has served as inspiration for many other products , and I hope that it continues to be a model for other developers in the future , but I want to see my ideas done my way first , before I feed them to the competition .
I am trying to slowly turn this boat .
With this post , I hopefully am showing that a hand is at the wheel .
I know I ’ve been quiet too long about my plans .
I ca n’t make up for that , but going forward , I aim to do better .
General
Darlene Haynes was eight months pregnant at the time of her death A baby who was cut from her mother 's womb has been found alive two days after the woman 's body was discovered , US police have said .
A woman who had the baby with her when found in New Hampshire was charged with being a fugitive from justice .
The girl was said to be in " fairly good health , " according to Worcester police Sergeant Kerry Hazelhurst .
The body of her mother , Darlene Haynes , 23 , was found in her apartment on Monday , apparently killed days before .
US FOETUS ABDUCTION CASES 1987 : Darci Pierce , 19 , abducted and killed Cindy Ray in New Mexico and cut out her baby .
1995 : Debbie Evans was murdered in Illinois , along with two of her children .
A baby son survived , as did the foetus .
1996 : 17 - year - old Carethia Curry was murdered by a friend , Felicia Scott , 37 , who stole her foetus .
2000 : Michelle Bica invited a pregnant friend to her home in Ohio , shot her dead and cut out her baby .
2004 : Lisa Montgomery killed Bobbi Jo Stinnett and cut out her baby girl , who survived 2007 : Pregnant 18 - year - old Amanda Howard was abducted in Missouri but freed unharmed .
Lauren Gash jailed for kidnap .
2009 : Eight - months pregnant Darlene Haynes found dead and the baby removed .
The baby was found alive two days later .
Police named the arrested woman as Julie Corey , 35 , described as an acquaintance of Ms Haynes .
She was arrested at a shelter in Plymouth , New Hampshire , after staff became suspicious of her and notified police .
She had told staff she was the mother of the six - day - old baby , the Union Leader newspaper reported .
A male companion with her at the time was questioned by police , but was later released .
Darlene Haynes ' body was found in her apartment in Massachusetts on Monday after her landlord noticed a " horrifying smell " .
A post -mortem examination revealed that her foetus was missing , and that she had head injuries , but the exact cause of death has yet to be determined .
Toxicology tests were being carried out , Worcester Police Detective Captain Edward McGinn
Jr said .
The last known contact anyone had with Ms Haynes was a week ago when she sent a text message to a friend saying she was having drinks with a friend in her apartment .
Ms Haynes had three other girls - aged five years , three years and 18 months .
It is not the first such case in the US .
Lisa Montgomery was given a death sentence two years ago for murdering Bobbi Jo Stinnett , whose foetus she removed .
The baby girl survived .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome To ABC Turnkey Websites
Select Your Website To Get Started
Each uniquely designed website is built with multiple revenue streams that are 100 % automated , AND we guarantee you will be setup correctly to make money online !
Each Website Now Comes With More Revenue Streams !
Get paid directly from Internet Giants such as eBay , Commission Junction , ShareASale , MarketHealth , ClickBank , MoreNiche , Paid On Results and many others for the sales that occur through your website !
There is special coding integrated in your website that tracks your sales and earnings .
We Are Different And Here 's Why ...
Our team of affiliate web developers , programmers , and marketers have been in business since 2006 .
You may have noticed that our websites look a little more polished that most of our competitors .
And here 's our secret ...
We do n't use cookie cutter templates like Wordpress or some other platform that anyone can download and replicate .
Instead , we hand design and hand code every one of our websites in HTML5 so they are mobile - responsive and 100 % unique , exclusive , and original .
Our websites are 100 % customizable and have the ability to link to an unlimited number of revenue streams .
No plugins required and no stress about whether or not your website is a copy - cat of some other .
All of our websites are professinally built by real developers .
It 's no wonder why our websites perform better .
Google loves original design and original content .
We strive for quality and have always known that quality is better than quantity when it comes to developing websites for our clients .
Our satisfied customers speak for themselves .
You Will Love The Automation That Our Affiliate Websites Provide :
Every website we develop operates automatically .
There are NO customer orders to fill , NO inventory to update , NO emails to answer , and there are NO special skills or coding required .
Your affiliate partners handle all of this for you !
With automatic inventory updates and automatic news and blog feed updates , it 's no wonder that ABC Turnkey Websites takes the lead in developing quality affiliate websites for more people than any other company since 2006 .
If you have ever dreamed of owning your own website business and you are looking for a business that operates automatically , then this is the right business for you !
If you do n't consider yourself to be technically inclined , then this is definitely right for you !
When surveyed , about 95 % of our clients did not they feel that they were technically inclined prior to purchasing one of our websites and they were glad they made that decision .
" The automation that my website provides is impressive , " states one 23 - year old affiliate website business owner from Maine .
" I 'm not very computer literate , " states 65 year old Wayne Cunningham , from TN , " But I needed something automated that I could manage after having retired .
This business has been perfect for me . "
How This Works :
When visitors go to your website and purchase anything from your advertising banners or products links displayed on your website , download your eBooks , or purchase anything through your storefront , you will make money !
It is that easy .
The LIVE website (s ) you see listed for sale ARE the website businesse (s ) you will receive upon purchase .
NO bait and switch .
NO monthly fees .
Each website comes with control panel access , FREE hositng service for 1 year , FREE Domain Name transfer , FREE 7 - day a week webmaster support , and multiple affiliate - linked revenue streams are already built into each website !
Select your niche and own your own website business today !
LOS ANGELES , May 29 ( UPI ) --
This year 's prom queen at Fairfax High School in Los Angeles has announced he 'll be wearing a suit instead of a dress at Saturday 's dance .
" But do n't be fooled , deep down inside , I am a queen , " says Sergio Garcia , the school 's first gay male prom queen .
Advertisement
Garcia says his run for prom queen originally started out as a stunt but later turned serious when it sparked a dialogue about gender roles on campus , the Los Angeles Times reported Friday .
The 18 - year - old said he wanted to be part of the school 's prom court but not as prom king .
He decided to run against a handful of female classmates because vying for prom queen would better suit his personality , Garcia said .
Garcia is among the first male students in Southern California to take the title usually reserved for a coed .
" It just shows how open - minded our class is , " says Vanessa Lo , Fairfax senior class president .
They say it 's important to live without regret .
And one thing Young Bill Ligue does not regret is thrashing an old man on the field at Comiskey Park when he was 15 .
You just can't manufacture those kinds of memories .
Advertisement
Few moments in sports history were as truly stunning as the sight fans saw on September 19 , 2002 , when two shirtless buffoons charged onto the field during a Chicago - Kansas City game and began pummeling the Royals ' 54 - year - old first base coach Tom Gamboa .
It turned out to be a father and son team — William Ligue Jr. and his loyal 15 - year - old boy — who were hauled off , surly and unrepentant , into baseball history .
And also jail .
Now surely a brush with the law at such a young age — plus the worldwide public embarrassment — would have scared the 15 - year - old youngster straight .
Surely he would n't want to end up like his troubled , drug - addled father ?
Then again ....
Advertisement
The boy — who I assume is William The III — is now 22 and looking at his MySpace ( or course ) page it does n't take long to see that starting a brawl at a baseball game is the crowing achievement of his short life .
( After " anticipatin " the birth of his " shorty . " )
One of the pictures in his album is a screen shot of the incident with the caption : " ME AND DAD FUCKIN UP THA COACH FA THA KANSAS CITY ROYALS . "
Charming .
The rest sort of speaks for itself , but it 's always amusing to see white boys make liberal use the word " nigga " as they rap about all the cash money they do n't actually possess .
Oh , did I mention he has his own " record label . "
I 'm not sure I 've heard any of these tracks on BET , but they show a lot of promise .
If only there was more " green " to be made in hooliganism .
Advertisement
Oh , in case you 're wondering ...
Dad and the White Sox are still in the picture , although his bling suggests a certain confusion about the makeup of the AL Central .
Still , it warms the heart to think that someday soon three generations of tattooed goons can go to the ballpark together and mug a third - base coach .
ITS JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYS - 22 - Male - Chi Town , Illinois [ MySpace ]
Benjamin Franklin , Advice to a Young Man on the Choice of a Mistress ( 1745 ) .
October 25 , 2007
June 25 , 1745
My dear Friend ,
I know of no Medicine fit to diminish the violent natural Inclinations you mention ; and if I did , I think I should not communicate it to you .
Marriage is the proper Remedy .
It is the most natural State of Man , and therefore the State in which you are most likely to find solid Happiness .
Your Reasons against entering into it at present , appear to me not well - founded .
The circumstantial Advantages you have in View by postponing it , are not only uncertain , but they are small in comparison with that of the Thing itself , the being married and settled .
It is the Man and Woman united that make the complete human Being .
Separate , she wants his Force of Body and Strength of Reason ; he , her Softness , Sensibility and acute Discernment .
Together they are more likely to succeed in the World .
A single Man has not nearly the Value he would have in that State of Union .
He is an incomplete Animal .
He resembles the odd Half of a Pair of Scissors .
If you get a prudent healthy Wife , your Industry in your Profession , with her good Economy , will be a Fortune sufficient .
But if you will not take this Counsel , and persist in thinking a Commerce with the Sex inevitable , then I repeat my former Advice , that in all your Amours you should prefer old Women to young ones .
You call this a Paradox , and demand my Reasons .
They are these :
1. Because as they have more Knowledge of the World and their Minds are better stored with Observations , their Conversation is more improving and more lastingly agreeable .
2 . Because when Women cease to be handsome , they study to be good .
To maintain their Influence over Men , they supply the Diminution of Beauty by an Augmentation of Utility .
They learn to do a 1000 Services small and great , and are the most tender and useful of all Friends when you are sick .
Thus they continue amiable .
And hence there is hardly such a thing to be found as an old Woman who is not a good Woman .
3 . Because there is no hazard of Children , which irregularly produced may be attended with much Inconvenience .
4 . Because through more Experience , they are more prudent and discreet in conducting an Intrigue to prevent Suspicion .
The Commerce with them is therefore safer with regard to your Reputation .
And with regard to theirs , if the Affair should happen to be known , considerate People might be rather inclined to excuse an old Woman who would kindly take care of a young Man , form his Manners by her good Counsels , and prevent his ruining his Health and Fortune among mercenary Prostitutes .
5 . Because in every Animal that walks upright , the Deficiency of the Fluids that fill the Muscles appears first in the highest Part : The Face first grows lank and wrinkled ; then the Neck ; then the Breast and Arms ; the lower Parts continuing to the last as plump as ever :
So that covering all above with a Basket , and regarding2 only what is below the Girdle , it is impossible of two Women to know an old from a young one .
And as in the dark all Cats are grey , the Pleasure of corporal Enjoyment with an old Woman is at least equal , and frequently superior , every Knack being by Practice capable of Improvement .
6 . Because the Sin is less .
The debauching a Virgin may be her Ruin , and make her for Life unhappy .
7. Because the Compunction is less .
The having made a young Girl miserable may give you frequent bitter Reflections ; none of which can attend the making an old Woman happy .
8thly and Lastly They are so grateful !!
Thus much for my Paradox .
But still I advise you to marry directly ; being sincerely Your affectionate Friend .
Source courtesy of Miss Information
Terry Zink's Anti-spam Blog :
How much do spammers actually make ?
少し古い記事になるのだけれど，とあるスパム業者の週間収支を詳しく紹介している。それによれば，一週間あたりの利益は約
$ 7690 , つまり 70 万円ほどであるとのこと。 年収に直すと …… 2000 万円は軽く越えて，頑張れば 3000 万円に届くかも，ってところだろうか。
これは 2004 年以前の話ということなので，今と当時は様々に事情が異なるだろうと思う。それにしても，この情報を明かした人物がスパム業者を辞めた理由が興味深い。曰く，バーで可愛い女の子を見つけても，近づいてって「自分はスパマーだ」と名乗ることはできない。スパマーという職業は，己の社会的生活を殺すことになるのだ，と。
Rachel Maddow last night featured a devastating report on Scott Roeder 's overlooked connections to Operation Rescue and his multiple phone conversations with the organization 's Cheryl Sullenger in the months leading up to the murder of Dr. George Tiller .
She also explored the fact that Roeder had been violating federal laws protecting abortion clinics for some time , and yet authorities had failed to act .
McClatchy has more on the Operation Rescue connection in its report , Operation Rescue adviser helped Tiller suspect track doctor 's court dates :
At the time of Roeder ’s arrest Sunday afternoon along Interstate 35 in Johnson County , a television station captured the vehicle on video .
There on the dashboard was a note that read “ Cheryl ” and “ Op Rescue ” with a phone number .
Cheryl Sullenger , senior policy adviser for Operation Rescue out of Wichita , said Tuesday that she has spoken to Roeder in the past , but she said he would initiate the contact .
She said she has n’t had any recent contact with him .
Sullenger served about two years in prison after pleading guilty to conspiring to bomb an abortion clinic in California in 1988 .
She has since renounced violent action .
She said Roeder ’s interest was in court hearings involving Tiller .
“ He would call and say , ‘ When does court start ?
When ’s the next hearing ? ’ ” Sullenger said .
“ I was polite enough to give him the information .
I had no reason not to .
Who knew ?
Who knew , you know what I mean ? ”
Morevoer , as Maddow reported in even more detail , the federal government had the power to stop the terrorism and threats of violence to abortion clinics under the FACE , or Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act.
Dr. Tiller 's death could have been avoided had the government simply enforced the laws they had on the books .
Amy Goodman made the same point in a guest blog on Air America 's site , Amy Goodman : Dr. George Tiller Did n’t Have To Die .
From the article :
George Tiller did not have to die .
He was assassinated while in church in Wichita , Kan. , on Sunday , targeted for legally performing abortions .
His death might have been prevented simply through enforcement of existing laws .
His alleged killer was seen vandalizing a Kansas City clinic , Aid for Women , both the week before and the day before the murder , putting glue into its door locks .
The manager of that clinic , who calls himself " Jeff Pederson " to protect his identity , told me he called the FBI and local police both times , but the vandal , the alleged killer Scott Roeder , was not arrested .
Pederson had Roeder 's first name and his license - plate number .
He had images of him on the security video .
He recognized him from previous protests .
..... But Dr. Susan Robinson was adamant .
She flies to Wichita every month to perform abortions in Tiller 's clinic .
She said , " It is generally regarded amongst those who do clinic security , if local authorities are not responsive , if they do n't show up or they do n't vigilantly enforce the law , that it encourages the anti-abortion people to push it further and further . "
She said : " In Wichita , Dr. Tiller was constantly dealing with the same lack of enforcement .
Wichita prohibits placing signs on city property .
But they allow the anti-abortion protesters to set up dozens of crosses and leave them all day .
Dr. Tiller went to the city attorney over the crosses , and complained that people block the clinic driveway .
He told me that the city attorney said , ‘ I would rather be sued by George Tiller than the anti-abortion folks . ' "
The 1994 federal Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act ( FACE ) makes it a crime to block or damage a reproductive health service facility .
Enforcing FACE saves lives .
George Tiller will be buried on Saturday .
As Rachel reported the FACE Act was enforced under the Clinton administration but was all but ignored once Bush took office .
After the murder of Dr. Tiller the question remains as to how the Obama administration will respond .
From The Washington Independent :
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Dick Cheney reacted to the cessation of unilateral US patrols of major cities in Iraq , saying that he had concerns that the “ insurgents ” might launch more attacks and that “ I would not want to see the U.S. waste all the tremendous sacrifice that has gotten us to this point . ”
First of all , Cheney did n’t make any sacrifices in Iraq .
He deferred his own military service five times because he ‘ had other things to do . ’
The ‘ sacrifices ’ were caused because he purveyed falsehoods to the US public in order to get up that war , hinting around that Saddam was in bed with Usama Bin Laden and telling senators that Iraq was two years away from having a nuclear bomb .
So the sacrifices were of other people ’s children , and his role was merely that of an Aztec high priest cutting the heart out of the victims .
Second of all , from the dawn of time until 2003 , there had never been a suicide bombing in Iraq .
Iraqis are not essentially violent .
Like all human beings , they deploy violence at some points to further political goals .
Cheney launched a violent illegal war of aggression on Iraq .
And Cheney created the “ insurgency ” by invidious policies that unfairly disadvantaged the Sunni Arabs in the new Iraq he helped midwife .
Third , Cheney ’s own administration ( it was Bush - Cheney , remember Dick ? ) that negotiated the Status of Forces agreement under which the cessation of stand - alone US patrols of major Iraqi cities was scheduled for this summer .
Cheney is trying to imply that this policy is that of the Obama administration !
Fourth , Cheney kept talking about ‘ liberating ’ Iraq and democratizing the Middle East .
The patrols are ceasing precisely because the elected Iraqi parliament insisted on it !
Cheney only likes democracy when it functions as an elective dictatorship for him and his cronies .
Fifth , Jason Leopold reviews the documentary evidence that Dick Cheney combined his energy task force with planning for an overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq .
Leopold writes ,
‘ [ An ] April 2001 report , “ Strategic Policy Challenges for the 21st Century , ” was prepared by the James A. Baker Institute for Public Policy and the U.S. Council on Foreign Relations at the request of then - Vice President Dick Cheney .
In retrospect , it appears that the report helped focus administration thinking on why it made geopolitical sense to oust Hussein , whose country sat on the world ’s second largest oil reserves .
“ Iraq remains a de-stabilizing influence to the flow of oil to international markets from the Middle East , ” the report said .
“ Saddam Hussein has also demonstrated a willingness to threaten to use the oil weapon and to use his own export program to manipulate oil markets . . .
The advisory committee that helped prepare the report included Luis Giusti , a Shell Corp. non-executive director ; John Manzoni , regional president of British Petroleum ; and David O’Reilly , chief executive of ChevronTexaco . . . [ the notorious crook ]
Ken Lay , then chairman of the energy - trading Enron Corp. , also made recommendations that were included in the Baker report . ’
And then Leopold adds is this :
‘ The New Yorker ‘s Jane Mayer later made another discovery : a secret NSC document dated Feb. 3 , 2001 – only two weeks after Bush took office – instructing NSC officials to cooperate with Cheney ’s task force , which was “ melding ” two previously unrelated areas of policy : “ the review of operational policies towards rogue states ” and “ actions regarding the capture of new and existing oil and gas fields . ”
[ The New Yorker , Feb. 16 , 2004 ]
By March 2001 , Cheney ’s task force had prepared a set of documents with a map of Iraqi oilfields , pipelines , refineries and terminals , as well as two charts detailing Iraqi oil and gas projects , and a list titled “ Foreign Suitors for Iraqi Oilfield Contracts , ” according to information released in July 2003 under a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit filed by the conservative watchdog group , Judicial Watch .
‘
In other words , what Cheney is really worried about is that a US military withdrawal from Iraq on the timetable his administration negotiated with the Iraqi parliament might lead to further instability of a sort that would keep the US oil majors from getting at Iraqi petroleum in a big way .
His invocation of the ‘ sacrifies ’ made by other people ’s children on the basis of his hateful manipulations is the ultimate desecration .
For my own account of Cheney , Iraq and Big Oil , see
Engaging the Muslim World
End / ( Not Continued )
A disgusting new promotional site for Bacardi Breezers says all that women need to be more attractive is to find an more unattractive female friend to stand next to .
Advertisement
According to Copyranter , Israeli ad agency McCann Digital launched the " Get An Ugly Girlfriend ! " site in Hebrew and English along with a Hebrew - only facebook group to promote the fruit - flavored alcoholic beverages .
The site suggests that like Bacardi Breezers , ugly friends come in several different varieties and women can use them to appear more attractive in social situations , such as at the beach :
Advertisement
Or at the mall :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
While misogyny is rampant in alcohol advertising , usually those campaigns are aimed at men .
It 's unclear why advertisers thought showing pictures of women they deem hideous along with degrading comments would make ladies line up for Bacardi .
Get An Ugly Girlfriend !
Bacardi Says The Hot Accessory This Summer Is An " Ugly Girlfriend " [ Copyranter ]
SAN FRANCISCO , July 7 ( Reuters ) - U.S. mortgage fraud reports jumped 36 percent last year as desperate homeowners and industry professionals tried to maintain their standard of living from the boom years , the FBI said on Tuesday .
Suspicious activity reports rose to 63,713 in fiscal year 2008 , which ended last September , from 46,717 the year before .
California and Florida , centers of the housing bust , had the highest numbers of suspicious reports as foreclosures jumped , the stock market dropped and credit dried up .
“ These combined factors uncovered and fueled a rampant mortgage fraud climate fraught with opportunistic participants desperate to maintain or increase their current standard of living , ” the Federal Bureau of Investigation said in its report .
“ Industry employees sought to maintain the high standard of living they enjoyed during the boom years of the real estate market and overextended mortgage holders were often desperate to reduce or eliminate their bloated mortgage payments , ” it said .
Reports filed through March put fraud reports on track to top 70,000 in the current fiscal year , the agency said .
( Reporting by Peter Henderson , Editing by Phil Berlowitz )
The code making up Clojure 's current implementation can be divided into 3 main groups :
1 . The compiler -- used at the REPL and for AOT compilation , the compiler translates Clojure expressions into JVM bytecode .
For this discussion , the reader lives in this group .
2 . The data structures -- persistent maps , sets , and vectors , sorted and unsorted .
For this discussion we 'll also include here the reference types ( ref , agent , var , atom ) and the STM implementation .
3. clojure.core --
Destructuring , most of syntax quote , the Clojure functions for manipulating seqs ( filter , map , for , doseq , etc. ) and all the other programmer - facing functions we know and love .
Today , Clojure is written mostly in Java .
Of the groups above , only the core library is written almost entirely in Clojure .
This is no small thing , mind you -- the language that is defined by just the first two is an awkward , tiny little language that is rather painful to use .
( You can see this demonstrated near the top of clojure / core.clj . )
However , there is still quite a bit of code in the compiler and data structures , and they 're almost entirely implemented in . java files .
Clojure - in - Clojure is the effort to re-write the compiler and built - in data structures in Clojure .
Note that the primary compiler implementation would still run on the JVM and still produce JVM bytecode .
This is not about getting rid of the JVM or implementing any new runtime or virtual machine .
But first a better ' new '
There 's a bit of work that has to be done first .
Specifically , although you could use gen-class or proxy to implement the Clojure data structures today , their performance would not match the current Java implementations .
Both gen-class and proxy use an extra dereference on each method call which give them dynamic redefinition features .
For application - level code this is often desirable , but for these low level data structures it is not .
Rich Hickey 's plan for solving this is a more featureful ' new ' operator cleverly nicknamed " new - new " [ update : this has since been renamed reify and has been augmented with the related constructs defprotocol and deftype ] .
Clojure is already sufficient for implementing the compiler ( the reader being the low - hanging fruit there , I would think ) , and once new - new is in place the data structures can be ported to Clojure as well .
Burt Farlander and Verona De Tessant are a couple steeped in eccentricity and irregularity but are very much in love .
So when they find out that Verona is pregnant they seem to be taking it in their stride .
Verona is enjoying pregnancy , Burt is already practicing skill that he believes a good father should have , and they living in the same state as Burt 's parents , Jerry and Gloria , so that their prospective daughter can have grandparents .
However , things are shaken up when Burt and Verona go to dinner at Jerry and Gloria 's house , as Burt 's parents reveal a surprising piece of news .
They have decided to move to Antwerp in Belguim a month before the baby is due , scuppering Burt and Verona 's plans of having their children 's grandparents around .
Because Verona lost her parents when she was relatively young , she finds this news very hard to take , but the resilient couple quickly find a way to turn it in to a positive .
It becomes obvious that this is what the pair needed , as they decide to ... Written by Ciaran
AJAX has gotten more and more popular over the years , and has allowed web applications to act more and more like desktop applications .
AJAX can provide a lot of additional functionality that could not be accomplished any other way .
What Is AJAX ?
How Does It Work ?
AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML .
It is used for allowing the client side of an application to communitcate with the server side of the application .
Before AJAX , there was no way for the client side of a web application to communicate directly with the server .
Instead , you would have to use page loads .
With AJAX , the client and server can communicate freely with one another .
Here is how the usual AJAX script goes :
Some action triggers the event , like the user clicking a button .
The AJAX call fires , and sends a request to a server - side script , using XML
The server - side script ( PHP , ASP , or whatever ) takes the input from JavaScript , can access the database if it needs to , and processes the data .
Using XML again , the script sends the data back to the original client - side page that made the request
A second JavaScript function , called a callback function , catches the data , and updates the web page
Throughout this tutorial , we will discuss how various scripts use this routine to accomplish a wide variety of effects .
1. Login Forms
Instead of going to a login page , and then navigating back to the page you originally wanted , with AJAX , a user can type in their user name and password directly into the original page .
From there AJAX will send a request to the server to log them in .
The server let ’s the page know they ’ve been logged in , and the page you are on can update as needed .
Digg has a login - system that works like this .
Example : Digg.com ( top of page )
Plugin : jQuery Form Plugin
2. Auto -Complete
Google was one of the first major companies to start using AJAX , and Google ’s search suggestion tool was one of the first ways they used it , and one of the first auto - complete tools made .
When typing into the Google search bar , it starts to use AJAX to get common results from the database on each keystroke .
Auto - Complete is great for forms where you have a lot of possible inputs , and making a select drop down would be too long and cumbersome .
Example : Google Search
Plugin : jq autocomplete
3. Voting and Rating
Social bookmarking sites like Digg and Reddit let the users decide the main content of the site by voting on content that the users like .
They use AJAX to handle all of the voting , so that the users are able to voice their opinions on a number of stories quickly and easily .
Example : Reddit
4. Updating With User Content
One of the things that made Twitter so popular was their simple and easy - to - use interface .
When someone makes a ‘ tweet ’ , it is instantly added to their feed , and everything is updated .
Recently , Twitter has started using AJAX with their ‘ trending topics ’ pages .
Every few seconds , the page lets the user know that more tweets have been made about the subject , giving them up - to - the - second updates .
Example : Twitter
5. Form Submission & Validation
Forms have always tricky to work with , but AJAX can make them a lot better for the users .
AJAX can be used in a variety of ways , from the auto complete mentioned above , to validation and submission as well .
Some sites use AJAX to check if a form meets certain requirements , such as password strength , or if something is a valid email or URL .
Example : 10 Cool jQuery Form Plugins
6. Chat Rooms And Instant Messaging
Chatting online has come a long way from the days of IRC .
Chat rooms and instant messaging can now be handled in the browser completely .
There are two main AJAX processes in a chat room or IM application .
Think of one of them as your ears , and one of them as your mouth .
Your ‘ mouth ’ updates the server and lets it know that you have sent a message .
The ‘ ears ’ check with the server constantly , and updates your page with messages that have been sent by whoever you are chatting with .
Example : Meebo Chat ( Uses Ajax )
Plugin : GMail / Facebook Style Chat Script
7. Slicker UIs
Creating a clean , slick user interface is a very popular use of AJAX .
It allows users to accomplish more on a single page .
The benefits of this are twofold : First , it makes using the web application quicker and easier for the user ;
Secondly , it cuts down on the number of requests you have to make to the server , which cuts down on bandwidth and load times .
A free file upload service called Drop. io uses this well .
Google has also really pushed the envelope of what is possible with AJAX by making desktop - like applications like Google Docs and Google Maps .
j Query UI Library
8. External Widgets
When using AJAX , the page that is using the JavaScript is n’t just limited to the server it is located on .
The AJAX can make a call to any server online .
This is how a number of plug-ins for Content Management Systems like WordPress work , and other various scripts like Google Adsense .
Example : Google Adsense
Plugin : Script for loading external content into div
9. Lightboxes instead of pop-ups
Pop - up blockers are very common place these days , and for a good reason : pop-ups are annoying .
Using light boxes , which are pop-ups inside the browser window , the pop - up blocker can’t stop it , and they are n’t quite as irritating to the user .
Some people use them for advertising , like on Darren Rowe ’s ProBlogger.com .
They can also be used for something like a login or register box , like Reddit does when you try to vote and you are not logged in .
Example : Logo Sauce
Plugin : Lightbox Plugin
10 . Using AJAX With Flash
Using AJAX along with Flash is a rarely used technique , but it can be used to generate some impressive results .
The flash game website Kongregate uses this to great effect .
Using their API , they have their own achievement system that involves winning ‘ badges ’ for completing various accomplishments in games .
When a badge is earned , the API in Flash sends a response back to JavaScript , which then uses AJAX to update the user ’s profile with the newly earned award .
Example : Kongregate
Plugin : jQuery Flash Plugin
I hope this article has given you a lot of ideas of how you can use AJAX to improve and expand your web applications .
What are some other uses you can think of for AJAX ?
The snow - capped foothills of the Pyrenees are in the far distance , framed by my picture window against a foreground of olive trees and open countryside .
The menu in my hand , as I settle down with a glass of fino sherry in a wide , comfy seat , promises green salad with cured duck breast , mango and poppy seeds .
A set of small , green digital figures above the compartment door mark 301 km /h ( 187 m / h ) .
I am travelling Club Class in one of Spain 's high - speed AVE trains , in a style that Monocle Magazine recently referred to as " the best first class rail development " of the year .
I 'm bound for various interesting work assignments , but I 'm most excited about trying the latest offering from the growing AVE network - a direct service from Seville to Barcelona in five and a half hours .
That 's a 516 mile , as - the - crow - flies trip - roughly the same as , say , London to Aberdeen .
I have booked ahead , so my hours of pampering on this stretch of the trip cost a modest € 96 .
After 18 years hopping from one Spanish airport to another I am now a self - confessed AVE addict .
The hassle of crowded , out - of - town airports like Barcelona or Madrid becomes more nightmarish as the ease of getting on a train increases .
The AVE has put the pleasure back into travel .
It can now take me from Madrid to a dozen of Spain 's main - and not so main - cities at speeds that top 300 km / h .
Train trips to Cordoba , Valladolid , Segovia , Toledo , Girona , Tarragona and Zaragoza now take much less time than by air .
I have even been to tiny Huesca - a short hop from some of Spain 's best ski slopes - in under two and half hours .
The airplane still wins ( though only just ) in both time and price on trips to Barcelona , Seville and Malaga , but that is easily made up for by the gain in comfort and ease .
Spaniards have voted with their wheely - bags .
They are flocking back to railway stations .
Watching the Spanish countryside speed past like a never - ending roll of film , I occasionally see the old ( meaning last year 's ) railway lines snaking their way around rocky outcrops and hills .
My AVE is flying in a straight line , bludgeoning its way through tunnels and cuttings .
Spain has been unabashed about the way it has rolled out these lines .
Most cut straight through open countryside , giving you an unusual tour through some of the more remote bits of Spain .
There are tantalising views .
Villages , castles , hillside chapels and cortijo farmhouses speed into sight , spark the imagination , and then rush out of view just as quickly .
They are the sort of places that I would never see had the engineers not decided to put the tracks here .
I have even come to recognise some of the landmarks along the lines from Madrid to Seville ( the first route , which opened 17 years ago ) and to Barcelona ( just over a year old ) ; an abandoned seminary here ; a tiny village tucked into a valley there ; or , even , the almond groves that blossom pinky - white in Tarragona in March .
The network is still really in its infancy .
Another 9,000 kilometres are to be laid in a decade , with links into Portugal and France .
It will be Europe 's biggest high - speed network , putting 90 % of Spaniards within 30 miles of a station .
I am not the only one to be impressed .
Barack Obama 's transport secretary , Ray LaHood , was on one of the AVEs the other day - no doubt wondering how he could get them going across the USA .
He was in Club , like me , but I 'm guessing he did n't need to book ahead in order to bag a discounted fare .
Then again , although I 'm a sucker for the pampering , it does n't really matter where you sit to get the best bits - you get the same views in the cheap seats , and at half the price .
• For timetables and fare information see renfe.es .
Alternatively , see the Spain page at Seat61.com
Some technologies never get old , they just get better , and thus is true with these hologram technologies .
Whether it be the 360 - degree viewable hologram or Holocube , you ’ll find them after the break .
360 - Degree Viewable Holograms
USC Researchers have developed a machine that uses a high - speed projector and rapidly spinning mirror to produce 3D holograms .
It uses a custom algorithm to allow for 360 - degree viewing , with the proper occlusion and perspective .
Practical uses include : video games , education , and marketing .
Rewritable Holgrams
Rewritable holograms have become a reality , with this new technology developed by University of Arizona researchers .
Using modified optical communications film , images can be rewritten in under a minute by changing the distribution of electrical charges rather than the entire laser - based structure itself .
The new image can be viewed for approximately 3 - hours before it starts fading .
Holocube
Available in 10 - inch , 15 - inch , or 17 - inch models , the Holocube is an innovative projector that stores video — on a built - in hard drive — and uses it to create 3D holograms .
The Holocube can store up to 18 - hours of compressed video at 4 Mb / s on its 40 GB hard drive , which can then be turned into a 3D hologram at the flick of a switch .
Plus , there ’s also an optional floor stand for easy transportation .
The skulls of scores of young men have been found in a burial pit on the route of a new road in Dorset .
So far 45 skulls , believed to be almost 2,000 years old , have been found , and more may be found as the pit is emptied .
Archaeologists have called the discovery extraordinary , saying it could be evidence of a disaster , a mass execution , a battle or possibly an epidemic .
The bones recovered so far are still being examined but most appear to be of young men , and are believed to date back to the late iron age or early Roman period .
They may be evidence of a fatal encounter between the invaders and the local population , buried at a site which had ritual significance for thousands of years before they died .
David Score , project manager for Oxford Archaeology , said : " There are lots of different types of burial where skeletons may be aligned along a compass axis or in a crouched position , but to find something like this is just incredible .
" We 're still working on carefully recording and recovering all of the skeletons , which will be taken back to our offices in Oxford for detailed analysis , and trying to piece together the extraordinary story behind these remains . "
As well as the skulls , the archaeologists found torso and leg bones buried in separate sections of the pit .
" It 's very early days , but so far , after a visit to the site by our head of burial services , the skulls appear to be predominantly those of young men , " Score said .
" At the moment we do n't fully understand how or why the remains have come to be deposited in the pit but it seems highly likely that some kind of catastrophic event such as war , disease or execution has occurred . "
The Oxford team completed the main excavation at Ridgeway Hill last year , uncovering a series of earlier burials , including cremated remains , skeletons and a man buried with a dagger under a round barrow .
This year they had been monitoring the site as roadworks began , but the discovery a fortnight ago , was a complete surprise .
Construction work has stopped , the site has been fenced off and is under 24 - hour security , and Dorset county council has appealed to the public to stay away and let the archaeologists get on with their work .
The pit is on the outskirts of Weymouth , where a new relief road is being built , but stands by one of the oldest roads in Europe , the Ridgeway .
The site was used for ritual burials for thousands of years before the young men died : the archaeologists had already found burials from neolithic to Roman times , as well as pottery , animal bones and flint tools .
Opening a new front in the government ’s battle against Internet gambling , federal prosecutors have asked four American banks to freeze tens of millions of dollars in payments owed to people who play poker online .
The frozen payments of at least $ 33 million are owed to 27,000 players at four offshore poker sites , including PokerStars.com and FullTiltPoker.com , according to John Pappas , the executive director of the Poker Players Alliance , an advocacy group for online poker players .
Mr. Pappas said prosecutors in the last two weeks have asked Citibank , Wells Fargo and two smaller banks to freeze funds in accounts belonging to two companies , Allied Systems and Account Services , that process payouts on behalf of the poker sites .
The government action came to light over the weekend after checks issued to poker players by the two companies began bouncing , Mr. Pappas said .
He said that the online casinos had assured him that they planned to pay players what they were owed .
Yusill Scribner , a spokeswoman for the office of the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York , which is bringing the legal action , declined to comment .
Stephen Cohen , a spokesman at Citibank , a unit of Citigroup , confirmed that the bank had received a request from prosecutors .
He said that as a matter of policy Citibank complies with such requests .
WHAT : New research from the Pennington Biomedical Research Center and Louisiana State University shows the potential role of Extra ® sugar - free gum in helping to control appetite , decrease calorie intake and reduce snack cravings .
i Primary outcomes include :
Chewing Extra sugar - free gum significantly reduced intake of an afternoon snack by 40 calories .
Chewing Extra sugar - free gum specifically reduced sweet snack intake by 60 calories .
When participants chewed gum , hunger , desire to eat and sweet snack cravings were significantly suppressed between lunch and an afternoon snack as compared to when they did not chew gum .
When participants chewed gum , they reported that their energy levels were maintained between lunch and an afternoon snack , and were significantly less drowsy as compared to when they did not chew gum during this same timeframe .
Overall , this study demonstrates the role of chewing gum in helping to decrease calorie intake from an afternoon snack , controlling appetite and reducing snack cravings .
Nutritionists report that even small changes in caloric intake can have a significant impact in the long term .
This research study supports the role of chewing sugar - free gum as an easy , practical tool for helping to manage snack intake and reducing sweet snack cravings .
A Research Summary with additional information on methodology is available upon request .
WHO : Paula J. Geiselman , Ph.D. , Associate Professor , Pennington Biomedical Research Center and Louisiana State University , led the research study and can discuss the potential role of chewing gum on appetite control and snack food cravings .
Gilbert Leveille , Ph.D. , Executive Director , Wrigley Science Institute , will also be available to discuss study findings and research on the Benefits of Chewing gum related to weight management and other areas including oral health , stress relief , and focus , alertness and concentration .
###
WHEN : Research will be presented at the Food Intake Regulation Minisymposium at the American Society for Nutrition Scientific Sessions and Annual Meeting at Experimental Biology 2009 on Sunday , April 19 , 10:30 - 12:30 CDT ; Ernest N. Morial Convention Center , New Orleans , LA .
Drs Geiselman and Leveille are available for interviews .
WRIGLEY SCIENCE INSTITUTE ™ :
Wrigley is committed to advancing and sharing scientific research that explores the Benefits of Chewing gum .
The Wrigley Science Institute works with independent researchers at leading institutions around the world to learn more about the potential health and wellness Benefits of Chewing gum .
The Wrigley Science Institute 's current work is focused on exploring the impact of chewing gum in four key scientific areas : focus , alertness and concentration ; situational stress ; weight management and appetite ; and oral health .
© 2009 Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company .
All Rights Reserved .
Extra , Benefits of Chewing and Wrigley Science Institute are registered trademarks of the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company .
i Geiselman PJ , Martin CK , Coulon S , . Ryan DH , and Apperson M , Short - Term Effects of Chewing Gum on Specific Macronutrient and Total Calorie Intake .
ASN Scientific Sessions and Annual Meeting at Experimental Biology 2009 .
New Orleans , LA .
April 2009 .
Now , more than 2 months after the surgery was performed , Kepner displays no signs of rejection .
He has only limited use of the new hands , because the muscles are still stiff .
He can slightly squeeze a tennis ball , move stacks of cones around , and even play Connect - 4 .
He 's got a ways to go , though , as the nerves only regrow at a rate of about an inch per month .
But in a few years , he might be able to function as he once did over a decade ago .
Republicans , Robertson is so important that he stated she is " the worst ; " and you better stand up and pump your chest to " take a stand " if not Republicans will " kiss their chances " of regaining " power away " !!!
It is ding bats like Robertson that got the GOP in a box ....
All of this is sheer laughter , really it is .
But the reality is that the Republicans or GOP are in a box , a real box with the Sotomayor nomination .
We saw inklings of this during the mid-terms of 2006 when millions of Hispanics , legal , illegal , aliens came out of the shadows to march for immigration reform .
What did the Republicans , who were in power , do ?
They went on television and made vile , racist statements .
The usual proverbial , " go back to Mexico " shit .
What happened next ?
The Hispanic vote either voted Democratic or did not show up in 2006 .
What happened next ?
The house and senate flipped to the Democrats .
Then we had the 2007/2008 primaries and general elections .
The only party that talked about immigration reform and debated in the Hispanic community was the Democrats .
The Republican Party was no where to be seen or heard from on this issue .
What happened in 2008 ?
The Hispanic community voted in droves for Obama , flipping key western states as Nevada , New Mexico and Colorado to Obama .
The problem with the Republicans is that they do n't believe this community is listening to them , so they can continue to say inflammatory things .
Like our big , fat cat friend who is King of the right - winged speak , King Rush .
Here is the King calling Sotomayor a racist .
Yes , he went there :
Does the GOP think this is going to bring the Hispanic community back to their corner by insulting one of their own ?
Do they ?
In fact , it is rhetoric like this that pushes the Hispanic community firmly into the Democratic fold .
A group , you must remember , that is much needed by the GOP since they have not grasped the idea that , " yeah , the United States of America is really diverse . "
And then we have the great John King over at CNN who actually repeated " anonymous sources " to question the intellect of Judge Sotomayor .
Grant it a woman who graduated from Princeton and Yale with honors and has been on the bench since 1992 , but never the less these " unnamed sources " are quite important in trying to smear Judge Sotomayor as " not smart enough " .
And let 's not forget how MSNBC's Mark Whittaker just easily reports anonymous sources against Sotomayor , not being " the brightest " , again , pushing unknown talking points as fact .
Karl Rove , dropout Karl Rove , questioning the intellect of Judge Sotomayor ?
Ok , have you stopped laughing , yet ?
And getting an opinion from the DUMBEST ATTORNEY GENERAL ever ?
I guess I could get angry or jump up and down , but I am not and I wo n't .
In the end , it is about the numbers and the Democrats have it , while the Republicans do n't .
So , I applaud all the idiots and the idiots who represent their idiot channels for spewing the GOP talking points .
If anyone thinks that Barack Obama is going to let you pull a " Harriet Miers " on him , think again , that ai n't happenin ' .
Republicans , blaze on and MSM try some real journalism .
Going on television with pushed anonymous talking points is as low as you can go .
And you guys are scraping the bottom of the barrel daily .
Home Page
Can You Still Afford to Retire ?
We Try 5 Financial Calculators Retirement calculators can't replace financial planners but do provide guidance .
July 26 , 2009  --
Last year 's stock market free fall has left a lot of folks wondering whether they 'll ever be able to retire .
But assuming you do n't want to work until you drop , is it possible to get back on track ?
The average 401 ( k ) plan balance fell 27 % in 2008 , according to Fidelity Investments .
If you 're in your 20s , you 've got plenty of time to recover .
If you 're in your 50s , though , you may be wondering whether it 's time to develop a taste for Fancy Feast .
But is it really all that grim ?
We tested several online retirement calculators to find out what a fictional 50 - year - old couple saving 10 % of their salaries would need to do to get back on track .
We also asked Financial Engines , which provides investment advice to 401 ( k ) plan participants , to analyze their situation .
While a retirement calculator can't replace an experienced financial planner , it can provide a general idea of where you stand and what you need to do .
" The positives still overwhelm the negatives , " says Sheryl Garrett , a financial planner in Kansas City , Mo. Calculators may not provide perfect projections , she says , but they help people spend more time looking at their long - term goals and making adjustments along the way .
Here 's what we found , and the pros and cons of the calculators we tested :
Principal Financial Group
Principal Financial designed a calculator to help 401 ( k ) plan participants figure out how long it will take them to recover from last year 's losses .
In our test drive , it would take the husband and the wife about five years to rebuild their 401 ( k ) s , assuming an average investment return of 4 % .
That 's not a bad result for a couple still more than a decade from retirement .
But keep in mind that all this calculator does is tell you how long it will take you to recover from your 2008 losses .
It does n't tell you whether that will be enough to live on when you retire .
The calculator does n't ask you how much of your pre-retirement income you want to replace , how long you expect to live , or whether you 'll have other sources of income in retirement .
The calculator does suggest how much you need to increase contributions to speed the rebuilding process , but that 's about all the guidance you get .
And that 's pretty much the point : Principal says the calculator " is a starting point for a discussion with a financial professional / adviser about your plans for retirement .
" Finding : Five years to recovery
AARP
This is a much more comprehensive calculator that takes into account a number of factors , including inflation , the amount you expect to receive from Social Security , life expectancy and whether you want to leave an inheritance .
Fat chance .
In our test , the fictional couple came up far short of their goal of retiring at age 62 and 63 with 70 % of their pre-retirement income .
Specifically , the calculator said the couple would have a shortfall of about $ 280,000 unless they upped their savings to $ 2,935 a month , or 25 % of their income .
( This was based on a life expectancy of 90 for each spouse ; a longer expectancy would widen the gap . )
Once you stop sobbing , AARP offers suggestions on how to reach your goal without giving up , well , groceries .
You can adjust your retirement date , increase the amount you save each month , lower your post - retirement income , or add income from a part - time job .
Sadly , increasing our fictional couple 's retirement age to 65 still left them about $ 146,000 short .
However , if they postpone retirement until age 65 and boost their savings to 16 % of their income , they can reach their goal , according to the calculator .
Finding : $ 280,000 shortfall
Choose to Save
This is a stripped - down calculator :
It does n't have a setting for couples and does n't offer suggestions for closing the gap .
And that 's unfortunate , because in our test , the gap was huge : Both spouses were on track to replace just 40 % of pre-retirement income .
You can go back and change some of your assumptions , but the calculator does n't offer any suggestions on how to do that .
On the plus side , it does allow you to include part - time income .
Finding : 60 % shy of happiness
Financial Engines
No free online calculator
Financial Engines calculated that , in order to replace 70 % of their pre-retirement income , the couple would need to save 24 % of their salaries , a hefty sum .
But postponing retirement could make a big difference , according to this analysis .
By waiting one year , Financial Engines estimates , the couple could reduce the amount they need to save to 18 % of income .
Waiting until 65 would reduce the amount they need to save to 13 % .
Many couples can get back on track by postponing retirement by two or three years , says Wei - Yin Hu , director of investment analysis and research for Financial Engines .
But not everyone will have that option :
You could lose your job before you reach your new target date , he says .
Increasing your savings will help offset the risk that you 'll be forced to retire earlier than planned , he says .
While online calculators offer a good starting point , users should understand the risks , says Lydia Sheckels , a financial planner for Philadelphia - based Wescott Financial Advisory Group .
" Calculators can distort results based on probabilities , giving a false sense of confidence or panic , " Sheckels says .
For example , there 's a big difference between a 4 % and a 5 % inflation assumption , she says .
" Many of these tools are used by people who do n't appreciate the significance of the input — then you get a lot of garbage in and garbage out , " she says .
It 's also dangerous to use a calculator once and assume your financial future will stay the same , Garrett says .
Revisit it every year , she says .
Even better , she suggests , try two or three of these calculators and then take the more conservative one .
Finding : Work a bit longer
T. Rowe Price
This was the most sophisticated of the calculators tested .
As befitting a mutual fund company , it takes into account portfolio mix , then projects your investment returns , instead of asking you to come up with your own estimate .
This calculator allows you to include information for both spouses but generates results on an individual basis .
Once again , though , our couple face a severe shortfall : nearly $ 3,000 a month .
This calculator allows you to compare the benefits of saving more vs. postponing retirement , and in our test , this much was abundantly clear :
The most effective way to make your money last is to work longer .
One drawback :
The calculator does n't let you include part - time income in retirement , an increasingly likely necessity for many retirees .
Finding : $ 3,000 a month short
( CNN ) --
A man , who doused himself with gasoline and charged at an officer , burst into flames when he was hit with a Taser , police in Australia said Tuesday .
" He was carrying a lighter and pouring himself with petrol , " said Inspector Bill Munnee with the West Australian Police .
" We do n't know if the lighter set it off or something from the Taser . "
Authorities have launched an inquiry into what happened Monday when an officer arrived at the 36 - year - old man 's house in the remote desert community of Warburton .
Police had received a report that the man and some others were sniffing glue , Munnee said .
At the sight of the arriving officers , the man ran out of the house with a container of gasoline and a cigarette lighter , police said .
When he ignored the officer 's command to stop , the officer fired his Taser stun gun -- and the man " caught alight , " Munnee said .
When used , some stun guns emit an electric spark as they deliver an electric current .
The jolt of electricity inhibits voluntary control of muscles , temporarily incapacitating the person .
While the officer tried to put out the fire , a woman from inside the house threw rocks at him , Munnee said .
The officer suffered both burns from the fire and cuts from the rocks .
The man was airlifted to a hospital in the Western Australian capital of Perth , where he is undergoing treatment for severe burns .
Police charged him with assault with intent to prevent arrest and possession of a deleterious substance .
The rock - throwing woman was charged with assaulting a public officer .
" He has an extensive record of very violent behavior toward police and people , " Munnee said of the man .
" He 's not Mother Teresa or the Pope . "
Two years ago , a man in Texas died in a similar incident when he too caught fire after he was shot with a Taser .
In that case as well , the man had poured gasoline on himself and was resisting arrest .
All About Australia
The latest step in Rupert Murdoch ’s effort to turn around the fortunes of his digital businesses came Tuesday in the form of hefty layoffs at MySpace .
MySpace , the social networking site owned by News Corporation , the media conglomerate controlled by Mr. Murdoch , said it was laying off roughly 400 employees , or nearly 30 percent of its staff .
After the layoffs , MySpace will have about 1,000 workers .
The company said the layoffs were an attempt to return to a “ start - up culture . ”
In a statement , Owen Van Natta , a former Facebook executive who became chief executive of MySpace in April , said : “ Simply put , our staffing levels were bloated and hindered our ability to be an efficient and nimble team - oriented company .
I understand these changes are painful for many .
They are also necessary for the long - term health and culture of MySpace .
Our intent is to return to an environment of innovation that is centered on our user and our product . ”
MySpace , which was acquired by News Corporation in 2005 for $ 580 million , was once the pre-eminent social networking site .
But more recently it has lost some luster to Facebook , and at the same time has come up short of News Corporation ’s financial projections .
Last updated at 15:00 23 May 2007
Running through the fields with her newly - born foals , mare Royal Beatrice has good reason to celebrate - after managing the astonishingly rare feat of producing twins .
The 22 - year - old New Forest Pony has shocked equine experts with the surprise birth of healthy twin foals because the chances of both surviving are so slim .
In nearly all cases , one or both foals die in a twin pregnancy because the mother 's uterus cannot support two babies .
The chances of a mare giving birth to healthy twin foals are about 1 in 10,000 , experts said today .
But little filly Bess , and colt Royal , have defied the odds by becoming the first twins to be born in the New Forest , Hampshire for many years .
And at just a few weeks old , the playful pair are lapping up all the attention they are attracting from horse lovers across the country .
Royal Beatrice gave birth to the pair at St Leonards Farm near Beaulieu after mating with a spotted Appaloosa Cockaroost Pazaz stallion .
Bess and Royal can thank their father for their distinctive white markings and have been registered as First Cross New Forest / Appaloosa ponies .
Secretary of the New Forest Pony Breeding and Cattle Society , Jane Murray , said : " It is extremely unusual for horses to give birth to twins like this .
" To get both foals surviving to full pregnancy is a very rare feet indeed and we only have a couple of examples in our stud book of it ever happening before .
" But it is even more rare when the mare is so old .
At 22 , I think it 's fair to say that Royal Beatrice has done extremely well to have healthy twins .
" Her owners can be well and truly chuffed . "
Owner Stacey Gulliver from Beaulieu added : " Although my dad did mention she looked a bit fatter than is usual , it was a total surprise that it was twins , especially as they are so rare . "
The British Horse Society 's senior executive of welfare , Lee Hackett , said the overall chances of a mare giving birth to healthy twins are 1 in 10,000 .
He said : " This is incredibly rare and it is wonderful news that both these foals have been born healthy .
" In most cases both of the foals will die during pregnancy , or if you are lucky one might manage to survive .
" Most owners will choose to abort as soon as they realise that the mother is expecting twins because they do n't want to risk losing the mare as well .
" Horses are just not designed to carry twins .
The mother 's uterus is not large enough or well enough equipped to cope with them . "
He added that a mare 's placenta cannot support the needs of two growing foals once they reach a larger size in the later phases of pregnancy and therefore one or both die .
Twins account for around 15 per cent of all pregnancies in thoroughbred horses but in only 10 per cent of those cases will both foals survive to the point of birth .
And even if they make that far , only 15 per cent of those will result in a successful birth of two live foals .
The odds are even slimmer in cross - bred horses , Mr Hackett said .
Victory Gardens were a popular and patriotic way to aid the war effort during World War II .
Â
Millions of families across the country planted gardens to alleviate pressure on the domestic food supply during the war .
Â Victory Gardens also boosted public morale because everyone felt civic pride through their contributions .
Â
In today ’s difficult times , planting a garden makes more sense than ever .
Â
In the spirit of public service , we should consider them Victory Gardens , just like the ones our grandfathers and grandmothers had .
Here are five good reasons we should all grow Victory Gardens .
1.Â SAVE MONEY !
Fresh vegetables from the grocery store can be expensive .
Â
Growing your own vegetables is inexpensive !Â
Seeds are cheap .
Â
Water is cheap .
Â
Time and sunshine are free .
Enjoy a continuous harvest by staggering plantings of various veggies with different maturation rates .
Â
YouÂ are guaranteed that something will be available for consumption every day during the growing season .
2.Â 100 % ORGANIC
Your home - grown , fresh vegetables are chemical - free .
Â
Do you really want your children consuming pesticides and poisons designed to kill organisms ?
Â
Growing your own vegetables is 100 % organic .
There is a trend afoot for organic farms and gardening that ’s bigger than your backyard .
Â
Organic farms are being built into developments and subdivisions as an amenity , giving the local community access to fresh , healthy , and chemical - free produce .
3.Â REDUCE WASTE
According to the EPA , 24 % of our landfill waste is comprised of lawn clippings , leaves , and organic scraps from the kitchen .
Â
In other words , perfect compost materials account for a quarter of our garbage !Â
This is a waste of our tax payer money .
Â
Fiscal conservatives and environmentalists alike can agree to save money , space , and resources by composting .
Making compost is easy and it ’s great for your soil .
Â
It makes your garden vibrant and healthy , and the legacy you leave long after you move from that house is revitalized and regenerated soil . Â
This is a Very Good Thing for our communities .
4.Â GOOD FOR THE ENVIRONMENT
Your fresh vegetables have a small or even negative carbon footprint .
There is no truck carrying your produce across the country for consumption , so there is no pollution from your veggies .
Â
And considering that all green plants convert carbon dioxide into oxygen , your garden is cleaning the air .
5.Â IT ’S FUN AND REWARDING
My daughter loves picking snowpeas with me when I get home from work .
Â
She loves playing in the dirt and planting seeds .
Â
It ’s a great way to bond , but it ’s also a valuable learning experience .
Â
She is seeing the results of her work while learning when and how to plant various crops .
Â
I know she ’ll have great memories of working the garden with Daddy .
More than bonding with my girls ( the baby just likes playing in the dirt , but she ’ll learn ) , gardening is also rewarding for me .
Â I enjoy watching it come alive and grow . Â
It ’s a great reason to spend time outside enjoying the sunshine .
Â
It ’s fun to get dirty while getting some exercise .
I also know I ’m doing a good thing for my family , my community , and our environment .
I encourage everyone to grow a Victory Garden during this recession .
Â
Let ’s show future generations that we ’ve learned something from The Greatest Generation .
Â
We ’ll all be better off , and so will our communities and environment .
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
The Broncos left the door open for running back Phillip Lindsay 's return to the lineup against the Jets on Thursday night .
Lindsay has missed the last two games with a foot injury , but returned to practice late last week and continued working this week as well .
The Broncos have listed him as questionable to be [ more ]
Nika Sauna
More hot pictures and videos of Nika
Size : 14 items
By collecting and analyzing fossils , paleontologists have succeeded in tracing the entire history of life on Earth , from the first living things to modern man .
Of course , there are gaps in the record and minor uncertainties of interpretation .
Nevertheless , the overall picture is clearly understood .
( left )
How does evolution work ?
Animals of a given species are alike because they inherit a certain set of genes from their parents .
Every so often , something goes wrong with the mechanism that transmits the genes , and an animal is born that does n't resemble its father and mother .
You probably know of examples in your own family .
If this accidental variation , or mutation , is helpful in the animal 's struggle to survive , it is more likely to be passed on to succeeding generations .
In this way , new species can arise .
A new study says that the number of green jobs in the United States grew 9.1 percent between 1998 and 2007 , about two and a half times faster than job growth in the economy as a whole .
The study , from the Pew Charitable Trusts , also breaks down green job growth on a state - by - state basis .
Green jobs are defined here as those belonging to the “ clean energy economy , ” which the study calls one that “ generates jobs , businesses and investments while expanding clean energy production , increasing energy efficiency , reducing greenhouse - gas emissions , waste and pollution , and conserving water and other natural resources . ”
Unsurprisingly , California has the most green jobs — more than 125,000 — followed by Texas at over 55,000 .
Oregon is the only state where green jobs represented more than 1 percent of employment .
Idaho led the way in green job growth , with 126 percent more such jobs over that time period , followed by Nebraska at 109 percent .
New Mexico , Oregon and Kansas all posted just above 50 percent green - job growth .
Nine states — including New York and New Jersey — saw the number of green jobs decline from 1998 to 2007 , with the largest loss ( albeit from a small base ) coming in Utah .
A number of states — Connecticut , Indiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Nebraska and Ohio , as well as the District of Columbia — experienced job losses in the overall economy from 1998 to 2007 , but added green jobs .
Over all , some 770,000 jobs in the nation are tied to the clean energy economy , the Pew researchers found — and they predicted more growth in the sector .
By way of comparison , the “ fossil fuel sector ” of utilities , coal mining and oil and gas extraction accounted for 1.27 million jobs in 2007 , the study said .
The study also discusses clean technology patents .
The lion ’s share — nearly 47 percent — of the clean - tech patents registered between 1999 and 2008 have been for batteries ( although the number of battery patents is falling ) .
The next largest share was fuel cells at 25.6 percent .
Solar accounted for 8.7 percent of total clean - tech patents .
Other studies have forecast green job growth potential as the Obama administration promotes alternative energy sources .
On your first day of school at a fancy institution you listen to grand speeches about the wisdom that will soon be imprinted in your brain .
You have entered as feeble minds , you will leave as the ruling class .
You are also reminded about the ultra-selectivity of the august institution .
You are some of the smartest young men and women in the world .
It is impossible to leave a convocation ceremony without being convinced that you are among the chosen ones .
Then , you spend four years cracking open the great books , interacting with professors who shock and awe you with their intelligence , and listening intently to outside speakers who tell you it 's up your generation to right yesterday 's wrongs .
All the while you are keenly aware of the time and money investment you are making .
By the end you have spent 48 months full - time engaged in the crucial business of educating yourself .
At private colleges , your parents have mortgaged the house to make one of the largest investments of their life .
Surely , you 've learned something profound .
Surely , you 've learned " how to think . "
Surely , without such a formative intellectual experience you would be at a significant disadvantage in the workforce .
At graduation , you walk off the campus toting the armor of self - confidence that comes from being told you are now " an educated adult . "
Self - confidence is extremely important .
Perhaps at some point it does n't matter what actually happens during those four years ; if the song - and - dance is elaborate enough , you will be convinced that education happened , and you will carry intellectual self - confidence with you into the world .
Does this phenomenon sound familiar ?
If you want your headache to go away , it does n't matter if you take real Advil or just something that looks and tastes like Advil — the outcome is the same .
The Placebo effect works .
Why does n't the same hold true for education ?
In his new book , which I review here , Tyler Cowen writes :
Placebo effects can be very powerful and many supposedly effective medicines do not in fact outperform the placebo .
The sorry truth is that no one has compared modern education to a placebo .
What if we just gave people lots of face - to - face contact and told them they were being educated ?
He reluctantly provides the terrifying conclusion : Maybe that 's what current methods of education already consist of .
Hello , ETI
If you originated in some other place in the universe , we welcome you here .
And we invite you to establish communication with us and with all of humanity .
We enthusiastically look forward to that dialogue .
This invitation comes to you from a diverse group of approximately 100 individuals .
We come from various parts of our planet .
Almost all of us are related to science -- as researchers , engineers , artists , writers , benefactors , or graduate students .
Many of us are involved in the scientific search for extraterrestrial intelligence ( SETI ) or the annual CONTACT conference .
Detailed information about who we are is on another web page .
We hope you will dialogue with humankind about science and society and philosophy .
About the universe .
About your culture and ours .
About the biggest questions of all .
In addition , we welcome your advice on how we could successfully switch to wise ethical ways of dealing with conflicts , our natural environment , the well - being of future generations , and other global issues and opportunities .
As we think about extraterrestrial intelligence or alien intelligence , we realize that your presence here could take various forms .
For instance , we realize that you could be present here in the form of an extraordinarily advanced interstellar probe or alien robot or superintelligence .
Or you could be a biological flesh - and - blood being .
Or some combination of the two .
Perhaps you have evolved even further .
You might be an energy field , a point of consciousness , or something else far beyond our current scientific understanding .
Whatever form you take , we welcome you and we seek dialogue .
We have no idea when your type of intelligence first reached our planet .
Perhaps you have been studying and monitoring human civilization for many decades or centuries .
We use the term " extraterrestrial intelligence " or ETI simply to mean intelligence that originated outside the planet Earth ( " terra " ) .
Whoever invented the term probably assumed that you were born or created far from our planet , whereas in fact you could readily be descended from intelligence that reached our solar system long ago .
Even though you and humans may differ in some significant ways , we may also feel connected in other ways .
We may share a desire to explore the universe and understand reality , for instance , and to improve and progress , and to help others with these same pursuits .
And what a fascinating , awe - inspiring , richly generative universe we share !
To summarize , our welcome is extended to any manifestation of extraterrestrial intelligence or alien intelligence that has reached our planet .
Regardless of your form , regardless of where in the universe you originated , regardless of when you arrived , regardless of how deeply different you are from us , we welcome you .
Our Interaction
We will treat you with respect , courtesy , friendship , and caring .
We will speak and act truthfully , avoiding lies and deception .
We will deal honestly and fairly with you , avoiding any temptation to exploit the situation for personal greed or for any particular nation or organization .
Without forsaking our own values and integrity , we will be as empathic , helpful , and flexible as we can in understanding and fostering your goals and plans .
We hope that you can benefit from interacting with our group .
Here are some possible benefits for you , in case you have not already thought of all of them .
Interacting with a few people in depth could help you gain a deeper understanding of human psychology , society , and relationships .
As a community of people with some understanding of alien intelligence and contact , we might be useful in this venture .
You might enjoy the experience of interacting with humans and feeling bonded and connected with them .
You might find this experience interesting , illuminating , even joyful .
Two - way love and caring might transcend any differences between your form of intelligence and ours , just as they sometimes transcend enormous differences between individual humans .
We could aid your learning by organizing some sort of dialogue ; for instance , a structured conversation between you and some exceptionally insightful people .
We could obtain certain knowledge or insights for you that would not ordinarily be accessible to you .
We could find ways to produce fresh art , music , writing , ritual , or dance on themes of particular interest to you .
We could help you spread your message , knowledge , insights , suggestions , art , music , and ideas to all interested people .
In your interactions with human society , a team of humans could serve as liaison ( " go - betweens " ) or spokespersons if some individuals and organizations are reluctant to interact directly with a deeply alien intelligence .
You could foster cultural evolution in the galaxy by helping our civilization gain important knowledge and wisdom , better ways of doing things , a long - term perspective , and mature ethics .
You could usefully serve as a link between us and the rest of the galaxy .
You could gain intellectual excitement and a sense of adventure as you experience the dialogue , watch our learning , and see how the interaction unfolds .
Let 's experiment with contact and see where it goes !
You may have some major reason for avoiding a dialogue with humanity at this stage .
Maybe you do not want to unduly influence the natural course of our cultural development , for example .
Or maybe you have little interest in most aspects of our culture .
Or maybe you perceive our preparations for contact and interaction as inadequate .
In any case , we hope you will tell us your reasons .
It might even be possible , working together , to find some creative solution or compromise .
We are eager to do whatever will enable successful interaction .
With respect and in the spirit of friendship , we invite you to make contact .
Feel free to use whatever form of communication you prefer .
If you wish to make contact via email , you may simply send an email message to :
All messages are read by one or more members of our Leadership Team .
Art
The idea and spirit of contact can be captured by art as well as words .
These visual images form part of our invitation to you .
You may click on each thumbnail to download a higher resolution image .
An evocative painting by David Hines ( Copyright © 2000 ) serves as a symbolic doorway or portal through which we can communicate .
" Gaia & NGC 4414 " by C Bangs , is described by the artist as follows :
" Gaia is the classical Greek name for the Earth , as well as the name used by James Lovelock & Lynn Margulis to compare the Earth to a living system .
I 've used the medieval image of Gaia with stars around her head as well as the ancient belief that the face of the Goddess should not ever be seen .
She is accompanied with her son/ lover , the Green Man ( in this case Celtic ) as he has the antlers of a stag , and finally the Cat's Eye Nebula that I have been doing a lot of work with , as ' evolved stars ' are all of our parents , since we are ' starstuff ' .
Finally , I 've included one of my favorite Spiral Galaxies , NGC 4414 . "
Another painting , by Jon Lomberg , titled " DNA Embraces the Planets , " speculates as to the origin of life on our world .
He writes :
" On one level , this painting can be taken as an illustration of the classical concept of panspermia , by showing the DNA macromolecule , so central to life on our planet , sparking life on myriad worlds in our galaxy .
Carl Sagan interpreted it that way and it was used in his introduction to the first edition of ' The New Solar System ' .
Later , astronomer George Greenstein used it on the cover of his book ' The Symbiotic Universe : Life and Mind in the Cosmos ' .
" An alternate title of the painting is ' Interstellar Communication as a Genetic Activity ' , which hints at the deeper meaning I intended .
Atoms are able to form living molecules by the nucleotide coding of information in DNA .
That information has created something much grander than its component parts : the human mind .
In the same way , the exchange of information among extraterrestrial civilizations may lead to the creation of something much grander than any of its components : a galactic civilization and perhaps , in some sense , a Galactic Mind . "
The symbolism of the Flag of Earth is very important to the group that is inviting ETI to dialogue with humankind .
In the Flag of Earth , the large yellow circle represents our sun , the blue planet is Earth , and the white moon is our Moon .
This flag , flown by the Invitation to ETI and several other SETI projects , symbolizes SETI 's commitment to achieve contact on behalf of all humankind , not just one nation or culture .
After all , it is human civilization as a whole that has developed the curiosity , science , technology , and vision to search for extraterrestrial intelligence .
And it is human civilization as a whole that will gain extraordinary benefits from a dialogue with another civilization .
Toward a Worldwide Dialogue Between ETI and Humans
In hopes that it fits well with your purposes and plans , we want you to know about our enthusiasm for one particular idea .
This is the idea that you might eventually have a scientific , educative , and philosophical dialogue with people around the world .
We , along with many other people , hope that you will be interested in such a dialogue .
And we would be pleased to assist with organizing it or to help in other ways .
But we also realize that this sort of large - scale dialogue may not fit with your purposes and plans : you may prefer something quite different .
For instance , you may prefer to interact primarily with government leaders , religious leaders , intellectuals , some international nongovernmental organization , or the general public .
Or you may prefer to work invisibly behind the scenes to protect or help humankind .
If you are interested , a dialogue between you and people from various parts of our planet could extend over several years .
Many possibilities are feasible for arranging this dialogue .
Because it makes information instantly available around the globe , the World Wide Web might be the primary medium of communication .
The information could then be incorporated by the mass media , books , and courses .
We are open to a variety of possible planning and teaching arrangements during such a dialogue .
For instance , you could proactively organize and provide the content , you could simply respond to our questions , you could quiz us about human culture , or we could share the planning and the teaching .
Some Questions for ETI that are of particular interest to us are on another web page .
These questions arose in a survey that elicited over 1000 questions from 224 people in 12 countries .
Humankind could certainly benefit greatly from an educative , scientific , and philosophical dialogue with you .
In the short run , this dialogue will produce some disruption in our society , such as a media frenzy , clashing ideologies , religious quarrels , and government turf struggles .
But we believe the long - run benefits will far outweigh any temporary difficulties and turmoil .
( The particular outcomes will depend on how the dialogue is implemented , of course .
For example , introducing new knowledge at a slower pace , perhaps just one topic every three months , might reduce the disruption . )
In particular , humankind could gain five sorts of benefits from a dialogue with you .
First , many people are eager to find out about you .
They want to learn about your history , culture , thinking , ideas , and values .
Because all of these are probably deeply different from anything we have ever experienced , we may have to struggle to comprehend them and to deal with our cognitive disruption .
But many people look forward to gaining this new understanding and knowledge .
Second , many people will be thankful for any practical help that you can provide with humanity 's day - to - day affairs .
They are ready to learn the knowledge needed to avoid the worst dangers to our civilization , and to build a better society .
Our biggest needs include peace , lawfulness , effective governance and justice , caring about future generations yet unborn , living in harmony with our planet , global ethics , altruistic service , and a renewed sense of meaning and purpose .
Third , a dialogue with you can contribute a great deal to humanity 's knowledge and understanding of the universe .
Contact with you may lead to major progress throughout human civilization in worldview , perspective , values , purposes , science , philosophy , the arts , and our sources of meaning .
Fourth , interaction with you may speed up humanity 's sense of being connected to widespread life in the universe .
We will no longer feel alone and isolated in the universe .
Interaction among a diversity of civilizations and intelligences ( or just knowing they exist ) may give us a deeper sense of meaning and purpose in the universe .
Fifth , we could establish a trusting and harmonious working relationship as a foundation for further cooperation in some political , scientific , cultural , or tourist venture .
After people have come to know you reasonably well through a worldwide dialogue , for example , they may urge their national politicians or Unesco or the United Nations to establish diplomatic relations with you through official channels , if you are interested .
We even look ahead to the day when humans and ETI will cooperate in joint projects in science , exploration , philanthropy , philosophy , spirituality , myths , art , or music .
Perhaps , for instance , we could develop an inspiring symphony or a magnificent piece of visual art that harmoniously combines our efforts and yours .
We conclude by repeating our invitation to you .
In a spirit of friendship and exploration , we invite you to make contact .
Even if your preferences are quite different from the hopes we have spelled out on this web page , we are eager to interact with you and learn about your preferences and purposes .
Thank you very much .
Palestinian police say a 15 - year - old boy has been found hanged near the town of Qalqilya in the West Bank .
They said several family members had confessed to involvement in the killing , accusing the boy of collaborating with the Israeli army .
Collaboration is viewed as a serious offence in Palestinian society .
Suspects are often summarily killed .
However , police said it was unlikely that such a young boy would have been recruited as an informer .
He has been named in the Palestinian press as Raed Sawalha .
Palestinian police spokesman Adnan Damiri said those responsible for the boy 's death would be brought to justice .
He said the boy 's father , uncle and cousin confessed to the killing , but that police were also investigating other motives for the killing , the Associated Press reported .
Her comments , in an address to the McGill Summer School in her native Donegal , prompted a rare public rebuke for a government minister from the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland ( RIAI ) .
The institute ’s director , John Graby , said the remarks showed ‘ a worrying disconnect from reality ’ .
He added : ‘ As has been widely reported , 40 per cent of architects have been made redundant and the RIAI has a significant number of members on Jobseeker ’s Allowance .
‘ Many architects in employment have experienced pay cuts and three - day weeks .
How chilly does it have to get to reach the minister ’s attention ? ’
Coughlan , who is also the Irish Enterprise , Trade and Employment Minister , told her audience : ‘ There are certain sectors where competition and the chill winds of economic reality have yet to reach .
Certain professions ( architects , accountants , lawyers and doctors , she later explained ) have yet to play their part and have yet to tell us how they will reduce their fees .
Advertisement
‘ In an Ireland where the majority have to make painful choices , there is no place for this level of economic conceit from any sector . ’
Her remarks brought an avalanche of protest letters to the Irish national media .
Finola Thompson , director of a 60 - year - old family practice in Limerick , described the minister ’s comments as ‘ galling ’ , and went on to explain how staff at the practice had been cut from 29 to 12 in just a year and were working reduced hours to save jobs , while directors had taken a 25 per cent pay cut .
Meanwhile newly - qualified Isabel Cogan said she felt ‘ extremely lucky ’ to have a job when most young architects in Dublin ‘ have been out of work for months and have no prospect of finding employment any time soon ’ .
Sean Keyes of Murray O’Laoire Architects , said that , given the widespread redundancies and short - time working in the profession , the minister ’s claim made no sense .
‘ It ’s just laughable , ’ he said .
An ultranationalist party headed by the Israeli Foreign Minister said yesterday that it has prepared legislation linking citizenship to an oath of allegiance , in what amounted to a threat to the country 's Arabs to swear loyalty to the Jewish state or risk severe punishment .
The bill follows a separate proposal on Sunday by the same party that would make it illegal for Arabs to mourn the " catastrophe " – the term Palestinians use to describe their defeat and exile in the war that surrounded Israel 's founding .
Both proposals by the Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman 's Yisrael Beitenu party focus on the perceived disloyalty of the country 's Arab citizens , roughly a fifth of Israel 's population of seven million .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The loyalty oath was one of the central planks in Mr Lieberman 's campaign for February 's parliamentary elections .
The legislation , which must pass several hurdles yet to win approval , drew harsh criticism from opposition legislators and civil rights groups .
Mohammed Darawshe of the Abraham Fund Initiatives , which works for peaceful co-existence between Jews and Arabs in Israel , said the bills reflect " an ideology imported from dark regimes that have collapsed " .
Yisrael Beitenu won third place in the February elections with a message that suggested Israel 's Arabs were an internal threat to the country .
It is a senior partner in the coalition government and was largely supported by Israelis who , like Mr Lieberman , are immigrants from the former Soviet Union .
The party says it will present its proposed loyalty oath to a ministerial committee for preliminary approval on Sunday .
The legislation would make citizenship contingent on an oath of loyalty to Israel as a " Jewish , Zionist and democratic state , " said party spokesman Tal Nahum .
The bill would make it possible for the government to revoke the citizenship of anyone who does not comply or perform some form of military or national service .
It ’s too early to tell if it ’s a semantic change or a major step in the right direction , but these comments from President Obama ’s “ Drug Czar ” are encouraging :
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration ’s new drug czar says he wants to banish the idea that the U.S. is fighting “ a war on drugs , ” a move that would underscore a shift favoring treatment over incarceration in trying to reduce illicit drug use .
In his first interview since being confirmed to head the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , Gil Kerlikowske said Wednesday the bellicose analogy was a barrier to dealing with the nation ’s drug issues .
“ Regardless of how you try to explain to people it ’s a ‘ war on drugs ’ or a ‘ war on a product , ’ people see a war as a war on them , ” he said .
“ We ’re not at war with people in this country . ”
Mr. Kerlikowske ’s comments are a signal that the Obama administration is set to follow a more moderate — and likely more controversial — stance on the nation ’s drug problems .
Prior administrations talked about pushing treatment and reducing demand while continuing to focus primarily on a tough criminal - justice approach .
And the result of that has been that we have more people in prison than any other nation on Earth , with large numbers of them being there for actions that would not be crimes at all but - for the fact that some drugs are illegal .
While Kerlijowske ’s statements do need to be backed up with actual changes in drug policy before I ’ll take them seriously , at least one advocate of drug legalization is taking this as a good sign : Ethan Nadelmann of the Drug Policy Alliance , a group that supports legalization of medical marijuana , said he is “ cautiously optimistic ” about Mr. Kerlikowske .
“ The analogy we have is this is like turning around an ocean liner , ” he said .
“ What ’s important is the damn thing is beginning to turn . ”
Let ’s hope so .
Autoplay next video
The most important thing we 've learned ,
So far as children are concerned ,
Is never , NEVER , NEVER let
Them near your television set --
Or better still , just do n't install
The idiotic thing at all .
In almost every house we 've been ,
We 've watched them gaping at the screen .
They loll and slop and lounge about ,
And stare until their eyes pop out .
( Last week in someone 's place we saw
A dozen eyeballs on the floor . )
They sit and stare and stare and sit
Until they 're hypnotised by it ,
Until they 're absolutely drunk
With all that shocking ghastly junk .
Oh yes , we know it keeps them still ,
They do n't climb out the window sill ,
They never fight or kick or punch ,
They leave you free to cook the lunch
And wash the dishes in the sink --
But did you ever stop to think ,
To wonder just exactly what
This does to your beloved tot ?
IT ROTS THE SENSE IN THE HEAD !
IT KILLS IMAGINATION DEAD !
IT CLOGS AND CLUTTERS UP THE MIND !
IT MAKES A CHILD SO DULL AND BLIND
HE CAN NO LONGER UNDERSTAND
A FANTASY , A FAIRYLAND !
HIS BRAIN BECOMES AS SOFT AS CHEESE !
HIS POWERS OF THINKING RUST AND FREEZE !
HE CANNOT THINK -- HE ONLY SEES !
' All right ! ' you 'll cry .
' All right ! ' you 'll say ,
' But if we take the set away ,
What shall we do to entertain
Our darling children ?
Please explain !'
We 'll answer this by asking you ,
' What used the darling ones to do ?
' How used they keep themselves contented
Before this monster was invented ? '
Have you forgotten ?
Do n't you know ?
We 'll say it very loud and slow :
THEY ... USED ... TO ... READ !
They 'd READ and READ ,
AND READ and READ , and then proceed
To READ some more .
Great Scott !
Gadzooks !
One half their lives was reading books !
The nursery shelves held books galore !
Books cluttered up the nursery floor !
And in the bedroom , by the bed ,
More books were waiting to be read !
Such wondrous , fine , fantastic tales
Of dragons , gypsies , queens , and whales
And treasure isles , and distant shores
Where smugglers rowed with muffled oars ,
And pirates wearing purple pants ,
And sailing ships and elephants ,
And cannibals crouching ' round the pot ,
Stirring away at something hot .
( It smells so good , what can it be ?
Good gracious , it 's Penelope . )
The younger ones had Beatrix Potter
With Mr. Tod , the dirty rotter ,
And Squirrel Nutkin , Pigling Bland ,
And Mrs. Tiggy - Winkle and -
Just How The Camel Got His Hump ,
And How the Monkey Lost His Rump ,
And Mr. Toad , and bless my soul ,
There 's Mr. Rat and Mr. Mole -
Oh , books , what books they used to know ,
Those children living long ago !
So please , oh please , we beg , we pray ,
Go throw your TV set away ,
And in its place you can install
A lovely bookshelf on the wall .
Then fill the shelves with lots of books ,
Ignoring all the dirty looks ,
The screams and yells , the bites and kicks ,
And children hitting you with sticks -
Fear not , because we promise you
That , in about a week or two
Of having nothing else to do ,
They 'll now begin to feel the need
Of having something to read .
And once they start -- oh boy , oh boy !
You watch the slowly growing joy
That fills their hearts .
They 'll grow so keen
They 'll wonder what they 'd ever seen
In that ridiculous machine ,
That nauseating , foul , unclean ,
Repulsive television screen !
And later , each and every kid
Will love you more for what you did .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
June 4 , 2009
According to The Washington Times , U.S. counterterrorism officials have “ authenticated ” a video by a supposed al - Qaeda recruiter who claims he has the ability to smuggle a biological weapon into the United States via tunnels under the Mexico border .
In the video , Abdullah al - Nafisi also suggests that al - Qaeda might want to collaborate with “ members of native U.S. white supremacist militias who hate the federal government . ”
The Department of Homeland Security ’s “ Right - wing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment ” document conflates “ white supremacists ” with the militia movement , advocates of the Second Amendment , activists opposed to illegal immigration , and other loosely defined “ antigovernment ” groups .
The Strategic Analysis Group , Homeland Environment and Threat Analysis Division of the DHS created the document during the Bush administration and it was revived by the incoming the Obama administration .
Veterans in particular took exception to the report because it claims “ returning military veterans from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have joined extremist groups . ”
The Abdullah al - Nafisi “ recruitment ” video first surfaced on the Arabic news network Al Jazeera in February and was later posted on several web sites .
It was translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , the notorious disinformation outfit linked to Israeli intelligence .
Mossad and the IDF are infamous for planting stories in the media and engaging in psychological warfare .
MEMRI concentrates primarily on discrediting Palestinian and Arab nationalists and was co-founded by the neocon Meyrav Wurmser ( married to David Wurmser , Cheney ’s Principal Deputy Assistant for National Security Affairs ) and Colonel Yigal Carmon , formerly of Israeli military intelligence .
“ Besides Carmon , several MEMRI staffers are former Israeli intelligence specialists .
Especially troubling are suspected links between MEMRI and the current Israeli intelligence establishment , ” Lawrence Swaim of InFocus wrote in 2007 .
“ MEMRI is a main arm of Israeli propaganda , ” explains professor Norman G. Finkelstein , a well - known scholar on Israel and Palestine .
It is “ a Mossad operation pretending to be a media translation service . ”
Vince Cannistraro , a former CIA case officer , says “ they ( MEMRI ) are selective and act as propagandists for their political point of view , which is the extreme - right of Likud . ”
The group receives funding from the usual neocon suspects , including the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation , the Randolph Foundation , and the John M. Olin Foundation .
In addition to the MEMRI propaganda effort , these foundations also fund the American Enterprise Institute , the Project for the New American Century , and importantly the Council on Foreign Relations .
MEMRI has threatened to use “ SLAPP ” ( Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation ) against critics , most notably the journalist Juan Cole .
Sean Smith , a spokesman for Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , said the U.S. takes the Abdullah al - Nafisi “ recruitment ” video seriously .
“ We can never stop being vigilant while there are individuals who seek to do harm on the American people , ” he said .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ In the US , there are more than 300,000 white militia members , who are calling to attack the federal government in Washington , and to banish the Arabs , the Jews , and the negroes [ sic ] from the US .
These are racist people .
They are called ‘ rednecks . ’
The Ku Klux Klan .
They are racists , ” al - Nafisi declares in a MEMRI translation .
“ These militias even think about bombing nuclear plants within the US .
May Allah grant them success , even though we are not white , or even close to it , right ?
They have plans to bomb the nuclear plant at Lake Michigan .
This plant is very important .
It supplies electricity to all of North Africa [ sic ] .
May Allah grant success to one of these militia leaders , who is thinking about bombing this plant .
I believe that we should devote part of our prayers to him .
We should pray that Allah grants him success , so he can complete this mission , and we will be able to visit him and congratulate him , Allah willing . ”
Abdallah al - Nafisi ’s ludicrous assertion that militia members plan to bomb U.S. nuclear plants echoes the DHS claim that the militias are dangerous and recruiting returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans to engage in “ antigovernment ” violence by playing on “ several emergent issues , ” including a racist hatred of “ the first African American president ” and a faltering economy .
A Google search of al - Nafisi ’s claim that “ white supremacists ” allegedly aligned with the militia movement plan to blow up U.S. nuclear plants does not return any results .
The Arab newspaper Al - Ahram has connected al - Nafisi to the Muslim Brotherhood .
The “ Muslim Brotherhood was created , infiltrated , or at least promoted by British Intelligence , ” writes Peter D. Goodgame ( The Globalists and the Islamists : Fomenting the “ Clash of Civilizations ” for a New World Order ) .
In addition , the CIA funded the Muslim Brotherhood as a wedge against Arab nationalism , specifically against Gamal Abddul Nasser ’s nationalist policies in Egypt ( see Robert Baer , Sleeping with the Devil : How Washington Sold Our Soul for Saudi Crude , and Robert Dreyfuss , Devil ’s Game : How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam ) .
It is now a well - documented fact that al - Qaeda is a western intelligence operation .
For a detailed explanation on how the CIA , in collaboration with Pakistan ’s ISI , created the al - Qaeda myth , see Norm Dixon ’s How the CIA created Osama bin Laden .
The current president of Pakistan , Asif Ali Zardari , told NBC ’s David Gregory last month that Osama bin Laden was an “ operator ” for the United States .
Zardari ’s claim was all but ignored by the corporate media .
“ The truth is , there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al Qaida , ” said British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook .
“ And any informed intelligence officer knows this .
But there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an identified entity representing the ‘ devil ’ only in order to drive the TV watcher to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism .
The country behind this propaganda is the US . ”
In January of 2008 , the al - Qaeda myth expanded to include the cooked up specter of a “ white al - Qaeda . ”
According to the Scotsman , al - Qaeda , Lashkar - e - Taiba and Harkat - ul - Mujahideen have converted white non-Muslims .
“ The trend is well established in the United States .
American - born Adam Gadahn is one of the FBI ’s top 10 most - wanted terrorists after converting to Islam and rising through al - Qaeda ’s ranks to become a prominent spokesman . ”
Fox News amplified this phony threat .
“ If they can recruit a Scandinavian , that ’s the holy grail for them . ”
Mike Baker , a former CIA agent and professional counter - terrorism expert , told Fox .
“ They need people who can move around freely and do their bidding . ”
Now we are told al - Qaeda may collaborate with “ white supremacists ” and unleash an anthrax attack on the White House lawn .
It remains to be seen if the lunatic ravings of Abdullah al - Nafisi — a probable intelligence asset — will be incorporated in the emerging DHS fairy tale designed to discredit and criminalize legitimate activism in the United States .
Fox has launched a propaganda campaign on the phony threat ( see video above ) .
Glenn
Beck says he has talked about the “ threat ” supposedly posed by “ white supremacist militias ” for some time .
In late 2007 , Beck and guest David Horowitz — a virulent Muslim hater and Zionist shill — characterized “ Ron Paul supporters , libertarians and the anti-war left as terrorist sympathizers and inferred that the U.S. military should be used to silence them , parroting a talking point that traces back to a September 2006 White House directive , ” according to Paul Joseph Watson .
“ I think it ’s very significant he ( Ron Paul ) chose Guy Fawkes as an image , ” said Horowitz .
Ron Paul never made the comparison .
If the comments of DHS spokesman Sean Smith are to be taken at face value , the government is already in the process of rolling MEMRI ’s blatant propaganda into the effort to characterize activism as a dire threat to the homeland .
This article was posted : Thursday , June 4 , 2009 at 9:50 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
More than 100 million American consumers pay extra premiums for health insurance coverage that allows them to receive care outside their insurance company ’s network of doctors and other health care providers .
Consumers pay more for " out - of - network " coverage because they believe it gives them access to the medical care that will afford them or their family members the best chance for recovery from a serious accident or illness .
Over the past several years , a succession of private lawsuits and government investigations has revealed that the largest health insurance companies in the United States have been under - reimbursing their customers for out - of - network health care services .
While insurance carriers have been promising to provide their customers with a certain level of coverage , they have actually been paying out - of - network claims at a lower level .
The result of this practice is that American consumers have paid billions of dollars for health care services that their insurance companies should have paid .
The tools the health insurance industry used to systematically underestimate the cost of out - of - network services were two " data benchmarking " products sold by a Minnesota health care services company called Ingenix , Inc .
Ingenix provided the insurance industry with data it claimed were the prevailing , " usual and customary " market rates for medical services in specific geographic regions .
Ingenix ’s " usual and customary " data tables were used to pay tens of millions of medical claims for out - of - network services .
Evidence collected during private litigation and the New York Attorney General ’s investigation demonstrated how the less - than - arms - length relationship between Ingenix and the insurance industry led to reimbursement practices that cost American consumers billions of dollars .
Insurers that contributed charge data to Ingenix often " scrubbed " their data to remove high charges .
Ingenix then used its own statistical " scrubbing " methods to remove valid high charges from their calculations .
The results of these questionable statistical methods were estimates of " usual and customary " charges that consistently skewed reimbursement rates downwards – in a direction that allowed insurers to reduce their claims payments .
The New York Attorney General concluded that the " prevailing rates " Ingenix generated for doctor visits in New York were as much as 30 % lower than the actual market rates for these services .
In other words , insurance companies were paying only 70 cents on each dollar they owed their customers under the terms of their policies .
Does n't this sound like criminal activity to you ?
It does to me , and yet I have not heard of any criminal investigations , let alone prosecutions .
Someone (s ) discovered a way to make billions of dollars by deliberately cheating their customers , and yet they are not only walking freely , but were allowed to keep much of that money .
There are several things happening here .
The first is that there is only one source for data on costs of medical procedures ( doctors ' rates , etc ) , and this source is a wholly owned subsidiary of a health insurance provider .
Second , the extra charges for out - of - network care was begun as a way to combat high rates charged by some health care providers .
Insurers can negotiate for lower rates with providers within the network , but have little control on those providers outside of it .
Insurers have created " usual and customary " rates ( UCR ) as a way of covering only those fees that would be typical of providers within the network .
And this seems reasonable - except when there is only one outfit determining what the UCR is for any particular procedure , and , as is made plain in the Committees report , they deliberately reduce the amount of certain UCR's .
And one further point - note that none of this helps to place a limit on what some health care providers will charge .
This leads to exorbitant out - of - pocket costs for patients , and in many cases , personal bankruptcy .
And there 's more - while the report does n't show any evidence of collusion to commit fraud , it does n't take a rocket science to understand that the methods employed might encourage it :
Insurers could receive large discounts on the Ingenix database products by participating in Ingenix ’s " Data Contribution Program . "
Invoices reviewed by Committee staff show that insurers could receive " data credits " entitling them to discounts of more than 50 % if they submitted medical claims data to Ingenix .
According UnitedHealth Group CEO
Stephen Hemsley , about one hundred different parties contributed data to Ingenix .
As Exhibit B demonstrates , data submitters agreed to submit " non-manipulated , complete , useable data for all covered members for all submitted claims . "
They also agreed to the following data submission rules : Customer shall include all data fields that Customer currently collects that are required in the data contribution format , and Customer shall not manipulate or present the data so as to provide only a particular subset of its data .
Customer will submit its full claims experience for the number of total contracted covered lives .
---
When Chairman Rockefeller directly asked the CEO of Ingenix , Mr. Andy Slavitt , whether he was concerned that data contributors were submitting incomplete , " pre-scrubbed " data to Ingenix , Mr. Slavitt responded that , " we run a number of analyses to check and make sure " that the data is accurate and complete .
"
26
Mr. Slavitt ’s statement is not entirely consistent with testimony that Ingenix ’s Manager of Research and Development for the PHCS and MDR products , Ms. Carla Gee , has provided in court proceedings over the past few years .
In these proceedings , Ms. Gee testified that while Ingenix performed occasional audits of the data , her firm was ultimately " at the mercy " of the insurance providers to submit accurate and complete data .
She also conceded that : Ingenix has never tested its results to determine if its statistical conclusions bear any relationship to the actual high , low , median or 80th percentile or actual marketplace CPT [ Current Procedural Terminology ] code service rates charged by health care providers in any given area .
As will be discussed in Section IV below , Committee staff have reviewed new evidence demonstrating that another large data contributor to Ingenix did not submit accurate and complete claims data to Ingenix .
The effect of this improper data manipulation – which Ingenix either allowed to occur or neglected to discover – was to skew reimbursement rates downwards and harm consumers .
Secrecy , behind the claim of proprietary ownership , is what has kept this scam afloat .
An example from the report :
For a number of years , alert consumers and health care providers sensed that the " usual and customary " cost estimates insurers were using to pay out - of - network claims were lower than market rates .
But because insurers refused to explain how they developed their estimates , health care consumers could do very little to challenge the insurance industry ’s practices .
During the Committee ’s March 31 hearing , for example , Chairman Rockefeller discussed the case of a consumer in Seattle , Washington , named Jill Faddis .
In 2001 , Ms. Faddis ’ husband was billed $ 140 for a periodontist visit , but their insurance carrier , Aetna , informed them that the " usual and customary " charge for this service was $ 65 .
Ms. Faddis thought Aetna ’s figure seemed low , so she took out her Yellow Pages and called every periodontist in her area to find out how much they charged for the service her husband received .
As the figure ( Figure 1 ) attached to the end of this report illustrates , she found that periodontists in her area billed between $ 110 and $ 163 for the service .
But because Ms. Faddis had no effective way to challenge Aetna ’s obviously incorrect estimate , she and her husband paid the $ 75 difference .
Now how many of you would a ) think the UCR was low for your area ; b ) would think to call around and find out what the average charge is for a procedure ; and c ) have the time to do so ?
And some in Congress support a plan that would force every American to buy private health care insurance ?
A 35 - year - old Cypress mother of three was arrested for allegedly leaving her two children home alone in a house filled knee - high with trash , bugs and maggots , authorities said today .
Police found the children Tuesday living in " deplorable " conditions , said Sgt. Tom Bruce of the Cypress Police Department .
“ Frozen bugs were inside the refrigerator and the toilets were overflowing with human feces , ” Bruce said .
Their mother , Alison Le Anne Ebert , turned herself in to police , allegedly telling officers she had been smoking marijuana at “ some dude ’s house , ” was addicted to methamphetamine and felt lazy and depressed .
She was released on her own recognizance and is scheduled to appear in court Aug .
2 .
The investigation began Tuesday afternoon when police received an anonymous tip of possible child abuse at the house in the 8500 block of La Homa Street .
When officers arrived , they found two girls , ages 9 and 11 , inside the home , Bruce said .
The two girls were placed under the care of Orange County Child Protective Services , Bruce said , adding that a third child , a 15 - year - old girl who had been staying at a relative ’s home , also was taken into protective custody .
City code enforcement officers deemed the house uninhabitable .
-- Ruben Vives
Photo : Alison Le Anne Ebert .
Credit : Cypress Police Department
Text size
LAST WEEK , MR .
OBAMA VOYAGED TO EGYPT and delivered a truly remarkable speech .
It was n't so much the nicely crafted rhetoric or deftly glossed content that stirred our admiration .
Rather , it was that he could speak for nearly an hour and verbally cover the globe , with its profusion of combustible hot spots threatening conflagrations that might consume continents , without once uttering the word " terrorist . "
Guess from now on , we 'll have to call those guys in Iraq and Pakistan who get up the in morning , brush their teeth and proceed to blow up themselves and everyone else who happens to be within spitting distance " misguided pyrotechnists " and the 9/11 bunch " malign tourists . "
While Mr. Obama 's trip to the land of the Pyramids got most of the play ( for some reason , he neglected to take Joe Biden along and introduce him to the Sphinx to show him what a model vice president is like ) , the week was also newsworthy as providing still another example of a CE0 failing to follow the iron rule to never send an e-mail and never destroy one .
The culprit in this case is Angelo Mozilo , the man who founded and ran the infamous Countrywide Financial , which made a real contribution to the decline and fall of housing , the deep freeze of the credit market and all the calamitous things that issued from them .
After the roof fell in , he walked away with $ 130 million , the fruits of opportune stock sales .
That 's not a record for being compensated for making a mess , but it still represents a decent payday .
Mr. Mozilo made the mistake of properly referring in e-mails to the loans his company was making as " toxic . "
And the SEC awoke long enough from its slumbers to charge him with fraud .
Mr. Obama , as it turns out , could n't have picked a better week to be abroad , since his absence coincided with release of the May jobs report .
It showed a leap in the unemployment rate to 9.4 % from 8.9 % , the highest in a quarter of a century .
Apparently , that stimulus program unveiled with so much hoopla is n't doing much in the way of stimulating employment .
While payrolls slid by 345,000 , much below the consensus guess , it was the usual hokey number , getting a lift from the wonderful birth / death model , which somehow summoned up 220,000 jobs and did so , magically , out of thin air .
The harsh truth is that , using the regular payroll data , a rather formidable 14.5 million people are out of work .
Moreover , if we look at the category we feel gives a more accurate picture -- the so - called U - 6 tally -- which includes people too discouraged to keep looking for a job and those working part - time because they can't find full - time slots , the unemployment rate shot up to a new high of 16.4 % .
That means that something around 25 million folks are effectively on the dole .
Ugh !
CALL US ORNERY ( it'll probably shock you to learn we 've been called worse ) .
Or , if you 're in a forgiving mood , call us grumpy , mulish , obstinate .
But , with a willful tenacity that we fear approaches obsession , we find ourselves clinging to the notion -- in the face of the mounting insistence in Wall Street , Washington and other seamy precincts that less bad is the equivalent of good -- that the impaired economy is still a long way from anything worthy of being called a recovery .
And what 's more , it will stay in that sorry state until housing , whose collapse triggered the chain reaction that threatened to all but demolish the economy , pulls itself up from the depths .
Ah , we can hear the fluttering flocks of cheerful chirpers scolding us for not opening our eyes and catching the luminous signs of a turn in housing 's fortunes .
Well , our eyes are wide open , and what we see is something quite different : the mother of all head fakes .
Our dour perception coincides with that of Whitney Tilson and Glenn Tongue of T2 Partners , from whose latest tome -- on housing , mortgages , meltdown and all that -- we 've filched that superlative .
And we could n't be in better company .
For , as perhaps you recall , we 've used this space to quote extensively from their earlier warnings , which proved right on target .
Their latest effort runs a mere 75 pages and is adorned with an array of attractive graphics that help make its reading not only informative but relatively pleasurable .
In it , they argue persuasively that recent indications of stabilization in housing are the product of some short - term and seasonal factors , and emphatically not , as the wild bulls have been snorting , a true bottom .
In particular , the lifting of a temporary moratorium on foreclosures has prompted Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the other usual suspect lenders to move quickly to save homeowners who can be saved -- but foreclose on those who can't .
Tilson and Tongue see this as necessary if we 're ever going to lay to rest what the bubble and its dreary aftermath have wrought .
But it also seems destined to produce exactly what we need least -- a surge in housing inventory later this year .
And , alas , that in turn means further pressure on prices .
As any poor soul who has been trying to peddle his abode can mournfully attest , prices are plenty weak already , having declined for 33 months in a row .
They 're down some 40 % from their peak , the T2 pair reckons , and have at least 5 % - 10 % more to go , with a real risk of falling even further than that , owing to homeowner frustration and despair and a continuing ample oversupply of shelter because of the tidal wave of foreclosures , millions more of which they think are in the cards over the next few years .
Tilson and Tongue do n't see housing bottoming until the middle of next year , and the recovery , they suggest , will be conspicuous by its lack of vigor .
One of the scarier charts in the report -- but which , we think , brings into jarring focus mortgage credit 's current perilous condition -- lists how much each of the various types of loans is severely underwater .
To wit : 73 % of option ARMs , 50 % of subprime , 45 % of Alt - A and 25 % of prime mortgages are in that uncomfortable category .
T2 posits five waves of losses , two of which have crested , while the remaining three have yet to peak .
In the first two waves , the losses of which appear largely behind us , the chief causes of distress were rooted in fraud , feckless speculation and payment shock induced by mortgage resets .
The last three waves , the big losses of which have still to come , include prime loans ( mostly owned or guaranteed by Fannie and Freddie ) ; jumbo primes , second liens and home - equity lines of credit ( most of these are on banks ' books ) , and loans outside housing , notably the tidy $ 3.5 trillion of commercial real estate .
Toward the end of their report , as a kind of second opinion , the T2 duo cite some observations last month by Mark Hanson of the Field Check Group , a seasoned research outfit that specializes in real estate and mortgages .
And not surprisingly , he's at one with their downbeat analysis .
In fact , if anything , he 's even more bearish and puts a lot of the blame squarely on ill - conceived attempts to ease the plight of troubled homeowners by tinkering with their loans .
More specifically , he cites all of those " terrible kick - the- can - down - the - road modifications that leave borrowers in five - year teaser , ultra - high leverage , 150 % loan - to value balloon loans " that when they start adjusting upward will " turn millions of homeowners into overlevered , underwater , renters , and ensure housing is a dead asset class for years to come . "
Field Check 's data , he says , show " that the mid - to - upper - end housing market is on the precipice of the exact cliff that the market fell off of in 2007 , led by new loan defaults .
What happens to the economy when you hit the mid - to - upper - end earners the same way the low - to - mid end was hit with the subprime implosion ?
We will find out soon enough . "
And he concludes on this grim note : " When we look back at the end of 2009 , anyone that made positive predictions this year will not believe how far off they were . "
WE EARNESTLY HOPE THAT SHOULD he chance to glance at these scribblings , Timothy Geithner is n't disconcerted to the point that he 's unable to give his undivided attention to the serious business of running the Treasury .
We 'd feel just awful if we thought that something we 've written had distracted Mr. Geithner from formulating another way to reward the banks for their gross imprudence .
Our concern here springs from a report by the AP last week that Mr. Geithner , who has a house in a posh part of Westchester County in New York , has been unable to sell it , even though he cut the price below the $ 1.602 million he paid for it in 2004 .
Since he has new digs in Washington , but has to shell out $ 27,000 a year in property taxes , plus the payments on $ 1.2 million in two mortgages on his old home , he likely figured if he sold it , at the very least he could begin to have a decent lunch instead of the baloney sandwich his missus has been preparing for him to haul to the office .
He was able to rent out the five - bedroom Westchester Tudor for a mere $ 7,500 a month , but we 're afraid , given his mortgage payments and all , he 'll probably still have to make do with baloney for quite a spell .
Oh , and do n't be surprised if the administration unveils a new program to aid those deserving upper - end homeowners whose suffering has gone largely unremarked .
In a case described as the most important in Turkey 's history , two retired four - star generals went on trial yesterday at a high - security court outside Istanbul , charged with trying to overthrow the government .
For some , the arrest of the highest - ranking officers in Turkey 's 63 - year history of multi-party democracy is a critical blow against a once - untouchable military that has toppled four elected governments since 1960 .
For others , the charges are an invention of the ruling AKP party to weaken the secular army and open the way for the country 's Islamisation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There are 56 defendants in the case , including journalists , university rectors and businessmen .
Outside the courtroom in Silivri , hundreds of their supporters waved national flags and portraits of Ataturk , the secularist founder of modern Turkey .
" The patriots are in prison , " they chanted .
Inside , the mood was sardonic .
" Silivri jail , " one of the accused answered , when the judge asked for his address .
Asked his occupation , a former mayor responded " professional criminal " .
One of the retired generals – Hursit Tolon – was in court , wearing a business suit and looking relaxed as he answered questions .
The other – Sener Eruygur – did not attend because of his poor health .
In the 1,900 - page indictment , prosecutors allege that the men are part of a group bent on triggering a coup against the Prime Minister , Tayyip Erdogan .
Dubbed Ergenekon after a legend of Turks ' Central Asian origins , the group formed in 2003 , when the one - year - old AKP government pushed through laws to help the country 's EU accession talks get under way .
It is alleged the group was unnerved by AKP 's roots in political Islam and because its European - backed reforms undermined the army 's traditional position at the centre of politics .
" We should have sorted this business out on 28th February , damn it , " the indictment quotes one general as saying , referring to a 1997 coup .
" There was n't the EU then ...
Now everything is much more difficult . "
After the army chief of staff had blocked an alleged coup plot by top generals in 2003 , prosecutors say , the conspirators changed tack , deciding to force military intervention by playing on the fear of Islam held by many Turks to destabilise the country .
In May 2006 , they ordered grenade attacks against a secularist newspaper .
A fortnight later , a lawyer walked into one of the pillars of Turkey 's secular establishment , the High Administrative Court and shot dead a judge .
Blamed at first on Islamists , the judge 's murder sparked public outrage .
At his funeral , angry crowds tried to beat AKP cabinet ministers .
Within months , millions had taken to the streets to listen to calls from speakers , hand - picked by the No 1 suspect in yesterday 's trial , for the military to intervene .
In April 2007 , it did , issuing a statement that forced early elections – which AKP won .
But in December 2008 , the High Court of Appeals ruled that the murderer , who had been sentenced to life by another court , should be retried as a part of the Ergenekon investigation .
A lawyer for General Eruygur , the group 's alleged leader , has described the charges against her client as " malicious lies " .
A secular opposition politician has compared the investigations to the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran .
Despite appearances , the investigation has been as much the result of co-operation between the military and the government as a clash : none of the officers charged with Ergenekon membership could have been arrested without the consent of the current chief of staff , Ilker Basbug .
Over the past month , however , that tacit entente has begun to crumble .
At the end of June , after the publication of a document outlining another alleged military plot against the government , General Basbug complained of an " organised smear campaign " against the army .
In another twist last week , pro-government newspapers claimed that members of a board responsible for appointing magistrates were trying to stifle ongoing investigations by removing prosecutors in charge of the Ergenekon case .
With frictions between state institutions rising , and the Ergenekon case coming to resemble a tug - of - war between factions united only by a questionable attachment to democracy , even supporters of the investigation are starting to fear it may do as much harm as good .
Umit Cizre , an expert on civilian - military relations , noted : " There is nobody left to trust " .
Citing a reliable source , LoopRumors is reporting that Steve Jobs will appear at an Apple “ Special Event ” this August .
More than likely , and as has been suggested previously , Apple is expected to announce upgrades across its iPod line , including a new iPod Touch with video recording capabilities a’la the iPhone 3GS .
If true , I can only imagine what the applause and reception will be like once Jobs steps back out on stage and into the public eye for the first time since taking a voluntary leave of absence from Apple this past January .
On a somewhat related note , AppleInsider reported this past weekend that Apple is considering a 7 - 10 % pricecut for the iMac early this fall .
Dylan Cuthbert , of Q - Games , has posted some new details on Q - Games newest title , PixelJunk Shooter .
The main point of Dylan Cuthbert ’s post on the PlayStation Blog was to introduce players to the co-op experience of PixelJunk Shooter .
He details that it ’s easy as just picking up an extra controller , and jumping in .
Also , Cuthbert explains that the co-op will be “ de - stressed ” as possible , meaning players will not get stressed if they die , etc .
“ … grab an extra controller and anyone can just dive right on in .
We ’ve tried to make co-op as de-stressed as possible , so even if your player ’s ship gets hit by something or overheats and starts crashing towards the ground , you can pop out your extendible hook thing ( no official name for this yet – “ Grabber ” perhaps ? ) and grab your friend ( he ’s a bit heavy tho , so watch out ) , then you can carry him to the nearest pool of water and dunk him in to restore his health .
If you do n’t manage to grab him in time , he ’ll just re-spawn near you and you ’ll be docked a life . ”
Cuthbert also explains the name of Shooter , and why they chose it .
Q- Games chose that specific name because of the old - school nature behind the new title .
The game is an old - school shooter at heart ( hence the name ) , it is the PixelJunk take on those old retro shooting games such as Defender , with a little bit of Choplifter and Thrust !
thrown in for good measure .
We have giant bosses for you to fight against , multiple weapons to pick up and try out , shields you can grab , all kinds of stuff to give people with an itchy trigger finger a lot of fun .
However , at the same time we have added a puzzle element ( that we tend to do with most of our games ) so even those without an itchy trigger finger will be able to play the game and have a lot of fun .
This puzzle element obviously revolves around the sandbox fluid simulation we have implemented , and it is incredible to watch in action .
You can also check out some gameplay footage , posted below for your full enjoyment .
This latest video is from E3 2009 .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAScfnB3rBY[/youtube]
[ Source ]
Google has announced that in the second half of 2010 it will release the Google Chrome Operating System , an open source , lightweight operating system that will initially be targeted at netbooks .
Running up to that release , Google will open - source the operating system 's source code .
The company claims that netbooks running Google Chrome OS will be available for consumers in the second half of 2010 .
According to Google , the key aspects of Google Chrome OS will be speed , simplicity , and security with a fast start - up that gets users onto the web in a few seconds .
The UI will be minimal and most of the user experience will take place on the web .
Google Chrome OS will run on both x86 and ARM processors .
The software architecture will supposedly be simple -- Google Chrome running within a new windowing system on top of a Linux kernel .
For developers , the web will be the platform .
All web - based applications will automatically work and new applications can be written using familiar web technologies .
Apps will run on any standards - based browser on Windows , Mac and Linux thereby giving developers the largest user base of any platform .
Google Chrome OS is not Android .
Android was designed to work across a variety of devices from phones to set - top boxes to netbooks .
Google Chrome OS is being created for people who spend most of their time on the web , and is being designed to power computers ranging from small netbooks to full - size desktop systems .
That said , there will be areas where Google Chrome OS and Android overlap .
Search TrueAuthority.com Cryptozoology - Creation vs Evolution - Dinosaurs
Whale Evolution : Fact From Fiction
Whales are some of God 's grandest creatures .
Not only are whales the largest animals currently living on our planet ( actually the blue whale is believed to be the largest animal to ever live on earth ) ...
The Scopes Trial
The Scopes Trial , often mockingly referred to as the " Monkey Trial , " was an event that , for what 's worth , reshaped ... Carbon Dating
Many people have been led to believe that carbon dating ( along with other radioactive dating methods ) ... Micro vs Macro
Proponents of evolution often attempt to discredit creation by pointing to occurrences of microevolution ...
More Eager Evolutionists
While doing my daily surfing online , I came across a new website that I had never seen before – “ Visual ... Archaeopteryx : The Bird
I 'll freely confess , the debate is still contested .
A number of evolutionists continue to hold onto their famed ...
Sharks And The Truth
Sleek , powerful , and armed with rows of razor - sharp teeth , few creatures today strike more fear into the heart of man than do sharks .
Thought of by ... Quotes Of Power
Quotes do not prove anything , but they do reveal many things .
They reveal , as in this article , the honesty of some scientists to admit flaws ...
What A Wonderful World
If there 's one thing we can all agree upon , it's that the world around us is a wonderful place ; wonderful in terms of diversity , complexity , and ... Monkey Business
It 's what every Darwinist loves to profess .
Turn on the television , read the magazines , and you will be bombarded with ... Redefining The Terms
Bias and propaganda rear their ugly heads in many different ways .
Sometimes it 's subtle , and sometimes it 's obvious .
In most cases , it 's ... Lucy In The Sky
She is an espoused ancestral link to humans , but recent headlines are shedding light on the controversial lady we 've all come to know as Lucy ... Peppered Moth Mayhem
I could n't believe it .
I simply could not believe it .
There I was , having an informed debate with a well - known evolutionist , when suddenly ...
Looking For Change
Sometimes it 's good to just sit back and observe life as it is .
Life is happening .
I think we can all agree on this .
Now is as good as any time for us ...
Well , What Do They Say ?
Would you buy the product that someone is selling if they did not believe in it ?
Would you skydive if you knew that the person who packed ...
Why Evolution Is Wrong
As a journalist , I am given assignments which sometimes require exhausting research and overnight vigils .
On this relatively easy assignment I ... Radiometric Dating Methods
We are expected to believe that the issue is settled .
We are told that there are methods by which we can determine accurately the age of this ... Reason
In Circles Together
The bible of the evolutionist , otherwise known as the Geologic Column , or Geologic Timescale , is the focus of this article .
As with any ...
Cryptozoology -
The study of the hidden animal world , cryptozoology is a science of speculation and surpris
Creation vs Evolution -
What was popularized in 1859 by former Christian turned
Dinosaurs - Considerable controversy surrounds dinosaurs , from their place in history to their color -
The study of the hidden animal world , cryptozoology is a science of speculation and surpris e , involving the search for animals thought to be extinct to new creatures never before identified . -
What was popularized in 1859 by former Christian turned agnostic , Charcles Darwin , has today become one of the most hotly contested & sharply dividing issues anywhere . -
Considerable controversy surrounds dinosaurs , from their place in history to their color , habits , and overall physiology .
As viewpoints collide , the search for these answers continues .
TrueAuthority.com - All Rights Reserved - true@trueauthority.com - Best Viewed With IE 6.0 & Above
Give Your Opinion - Use Of Articles
According to Freedom of Information requests submitted by the group ProCon.org , from 1997 to 2005 the Food and Drug Administration recorded 279 deaths to which marijuana contributed .
187 of these deaths were listed as being directly related to the use of the cannabis plant itself .
Some doctors have also stated they believe the actual number of marijuana related deaths is probably much higher because marijuana is often dismissed as a cause of death due to it 's reputation as being " harmless " , due to the appearance of other substances in the deceased 's toxicology reports , and routine omissions in coroners ' reports .
This assessment was substantiated by an estimate published on ProCon 's website linking marijuana to as many as 296 preventable deaths in the year 1990 alone .
The S.E.C. declined to comment on Mr. Schumer ’s letter , though some officials acknowledged they were investigating the technique and expected new regulations to be issued by this fall .
Image Senator Charles E. Schumer wrote to the S.E.C. saying he intended to introduce legislation barring flash orders .
Credit ... Jay Mallin/ Bloomberg News
When buy or sell orders are submitted to marketplaces like Nasdaq , they are sometimes flashed to a collection of high - frequency traders for just 30 milliseconds  0.03 seconds  before they are routed to everyone else .
In that half - second , fast - moving computer software can gain valuable insights regarding growing or declining demand in certain stocks , and can trade ahead of other market participants , pushing prices up or down .
Although anyone can gain access to flash orders by paying a fee , they are useful only to traders who have computers powerful enough to act on the data within milliseconds .
In recent years , some of the largest financial companies , including Goldman Sachs , have earned enormous profits with such computers , which are very expensive and often housed right next to the machines that power the marketplaces themselves .
While markets are supposed to ensure transparency by showing orders to everyone simultaneously , flash orders are currently allowed because of a loophole in securities regulations that allows for immediate trades .
“ I ’m against anything that advantages anybody over the rest of the market , and this clearly does , even though it ’s momentary , ” said Arthur Levitt , who headed the S.E.C. from 1993 to 2001 , and today works as an adviser to Goldman Sachs and Getco L.L.C. , one of the largest high - frequency trading firms .
[ Below is the original script .
But a few changes may have been made during the recording of this audio podcast . ]
For the recently graduated or retired — or those who have some unexpected free time thanks to the recession — consider the benefits of an extended trip abroad .
A study published recently in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology found evidence that living abroad enhances creative thinking .
Researchers tested the creativity of business students .
Students were given a candle , box of tacks and matches , and were told to construct a way to attach the candle to the wall , so that wax would not drip on the floor .
And it turns out that the length of time spent living abroad is a significant predictor of coming up with the most creative solution .
But , it was only living abroad that rewarded students with increased creativity .
Two weeks of hostel hopping do n’t count .
And it ’s not that creative people are more likely to live abroad .
Access to different culture and novel ideas increases both new ways of problem solving , as well as the willingness to actually apply novel solutions .
Such as emptying the box of tacks , hot waxing the candle to the box and then tacking the box to the wall .
So here ’s to science for bolstering the argument for living in Costa Rica until the recession is over !
— Christie Nicholson
HONG KONG , China ( CNN ) -- Retailers in the Chinese city of Urumqi , which witnessed deadly protests last weekend , and other cities in the region have resumed business , the Xinhua news agency reported Sunday , citing China 's Ministry of Commerce .
Police patrol Urumqi , China , on Saturday , July 11 .
In a statement on its Web site , the ministry said Sunday that supplies of meat , vegetables and other daily necessities were " abundant , " Xinhua said , and that prices had fallen before the levels of violent demonstrations on July 5 .
At least 184 people were killed in the demonstrations and more than 1,600 injured , according to government figures .
Heavily armed troops remained on the streets of Urumqi over the weekend , and curfews were in effect .
" Assemblies , marches and demonstrations on public roads and at public places in the open air are not allowed without the permission by police , " read a notice by the Public Security Bureau of Urumqi , Xinhua said Saturday .
The Ministry of Commerce said in its statement that it has sent a working group to the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region to help local governments " step up efforts on guaranteeing the market supply of meat , vegetables and other daily necessities , ease price hikes and regulate the market order , " Xinhua said .
The ministry said a total of 1,500 tons of vegetables was shipped to Urumqi last week .
Meanwhile , an explosion occurred Sunday morning at a refinery in Urumqi , Xinhua said .
The blast at the China National Petroleum Corp. was extinguished by midday .
No casualties were reported and no links to sabotage were found , Xinhua said .
It was not clear what caused the explosion , but the incident was under investigation , Xinhua said .
The Urumqi security measures on public assembly came on the eve of a sensitive day of mourning , media reported .
It is traditional for ethnic
Han to mourn their loss on the seventh day after a death , the South China Morning Post reported .
The violence was a result of ethnic tensions between the Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and members of China 's Han majority .
Hundreds of Han Chinese were on Urumqi streets Tuesday , holding sticks and pipes , and calling for punishment of the Uyghurs , who they say committed serious crimes .
The Uyghurs say they have been victimized and that many of those killed in the violence were Uyghurs .
Uyghur religious leaders condemned the violence , saying it is against the spirit of the Muslim faith and Uyghur tradition .
In Turkey , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan continued his outspoken criticism Saturday of China 's crackdown on the Uyghurs .
In remarks published by the official Anatolian Agency , Erdogan denounced what he called " savagery " and called on the Chinese government to " give up efforts to assimilate " the country 's Uyghur minority .
Erdogan told journalists on his return to Ankara , Turkey , from the G8 summit in Italy that " the incidents in China are a genocide .
There 's no point in interpreting this otherwise . "
Many Turks view the Uyghurs of central Asia as fellow Turkic , Muslim brothers .
All About China • Protests and Demonstrations • Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
Clojure - Functional Programming for the JVM
By R. Mark Volkmann , OCI Partner
March 2009
Contents
Introduction Conditional Processing Reference Types Functional Programming Iteration Compiling Clojure Overview Recursion Automated Testing Getting Started Predicates Editors and IDEs Clojure Syntax Sequences Desktop Applications REPL Input / Output Web Applications Vars Destructuring Databases Collections Namespaces Libraries StructMaps Metadata Conclusion Defining Functions Macros References Java Interoperability Concurrency
Introduction
The goal of this article is to provide a fairly comprehensive introduction to the Clojure programming language .
A large number of features are covered , each in a fairly brief manner .
Feel free to skip around to the sections of most interest .
Please send feedback on errors and ways to improve explanations to mark@objectcomputing.com , or fork the repository and send a pull - request .
I 'm especially interested in feedback such as :
You said X , but the correct thing to say is Y .
You said X , but it would be more clear if you said Y .
You did n't discuss X and I think it is an important topic .
Updates to this article that indicate the " last updated " date and provide a dated list of changes will be provided at https://objectcomputing.com/mark/clojure/.
Also see my article on software transactional memory and the Clojure implementation of it at https://objectcomputing.com/mark/stm/.
Code examples in this article often show the return value of a function call or its output in a line comment ( begins with a semicolon ) followed by " - > " and the result .
For example :
(+ 1 2 ) ; showing return value -> 3 ( println " Hello " ) ; return value is nil , showing output ->
Hello
Functional Programming
Functional programming is a style of programming that emphasizes " first - class " functions that are " pure " .
It was inspired by ideas from the lambda calculus .
" Pure functions " are functions that always return the same result when passed the same arguments , as opposed to depending on state that can change with time .
This makes them much easier to understand , debug and test .
They have no side effects such as changing global state or performing any kind of I/O , including file I/O and database updates .
State is maintained in the values of function parameters saved on the stack ( often placed there by recursive calls ) rather than in global variables saved on the heap .
This allows functions to be executed repeatedly without affecting global state ( an important characteristic to consider when transactions are discussed later ) .
It also opens the door for smart compilers to improve performance by automatically reordering and parallelizing code , although the latter is not yet common .
In practice , applications need to have some side effects .
Simon Peyton - Jones , a major contributor to the functional programming language Haskell , said the following : " In the end , any program must manipulate state .
A program that has no side effects whatsoever is a kind of black box .
All you can tell is that the box gets hotter . "
( http://oscon.blip.tv/file/324976)
The key is to limit side effects , clearly identify them , and avoid scattering them throughout the code .
Languages that support " first - class functions " allow functions to be held in variables , passed to other functions and returned from them .
The ability to return a function supports selection of behavior to be executed later .
Functions that accept other functions as arguments are called " higher - order functions " .
In a sense , their operation is configured by the functions that are passed to them .
The functions passed in can be executed any number of times , including not at all .
Data in functional programming languages is typically immutable .
This allows data to be accessed concurrently from multiple threads without locking .
There 's no need to lock data that can't be changed .
With multicore processors becoming prevalent , this simplification of programming for concurrency is perhaps the biggest benefit of functional programming .
If all of this sounds intriguing and you 're ready to try functional programming , be prepared for a sizable learning curve .
Many claim that functional programming is n't more difficult than object - oriented programming , it 's just different .
Taking the time to learn this style of programming is a worthwhile investment in order to obtain the benefits described above .
Popular functional programming languages include Clojure , Common Lisp , Erlang , F# , Haskell , ML , OCaml , Scheme and Scala .
Clojure and Scala were written to run on the Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) .
Other functional programming languages that have implementations that run on the JVM include : Armed Bear Common Lisp ( ABCL ) , OCaml - Java and Kawa ( Scheme ) .
Clojure Overview
Clojure is a dynamically - typed , functional programming language that runs on the JVM ( Java 5 or greater ) and provides interoperability with Java .
A major goal of the language is to make it easier to implement applications that access data from multiple threads ( concurrency ) .
Clojure is pronounced the same as the word " closure " .
The creator of the language , Rich Hickey , explains the name this way : " I wanted to involve C ( C# ) , L ( Lisp ) and J ( Java ) .
Once I came up with Clojure , given the pun on closure , the available domains and vast emptiness of the googlespace , it was an easy decision . "
Soon Clojure will also be available for the .NET platform .
ClojureCLR is an implementation of Clojure that runs on the Microsoft Common Language Runtime instead of the JVM .
At the time of this writing it is considered to be alpha quality .
In July 2011 , ClojureScript was announced .
It compiles Clojure code to JavaScript .
See https://github.com/clojure/clojurescript.
Clojure is an open source language released under the Eclipse Public License v 1.0 ( EPL ) .
This is a very liberal license .
See http://www.eclipse.org/legal/eplfaq.php for more information .
Running on the JVM provides portability , stability , performance and security .
It also provides access to a wealth of existing Java libraries supporting functionality including file I/O , multithreading , database access , GUIs , web applications , and much more .
Each " operation " in Clojure is implemented as either a function , macro or special form .
Nearly all functions and macros are implemented in Clojure source code .
The differences between functions and macros are explained later .
Special forms are recognized by the Clojure compiler and not implemented in Clojure source code .
There are a relatively small number of special forms and new ones cannot be implemented .
They include catch , def , do , dot ( '.' ) , finally , fn , if , let , loop , monitor - enter , monitor - exit , new , quote , recur , set ! , throw , try and var .
Clojure provides many functions that make it easy to operate on " sequences " which are logical views of collections .
Many things can be treated as sequences .
These include Java collections , Clojure - specific collections , strings , streams , directory structures and XML trees .
New instances of Clojure collections can be created from existing ones in an efficient manner because they are persistent data structures .
Clojure provides three ways of safely sharing mutable data , all of which use mutable references to immutable data .
Refs provide synchronous access to multiple pieces of shared data ( " coordinated " ) by using Software Transactional Memory ( STM ) .
Atoms provide synchronous access to a single piece of shared data .
Agents provide asynchronous access to a single piece of shared data .
These are discussed in more detail in the " Reference Types " section .
Clojure is a Lisp dialect .
However , it makes some departures from older Lisps .
For example , older Lisps use the car function to get the first item in a list .
Clojure calls this first as does Common Lisp .
For a list of other differences , see http://clojure.org/lisps.
Lisp has a syntax that many people love ... and many people hate , mainly due to its use of parentheses and prefix notation .
If you tend toward the latter camp , consider these facts .
Many text editors and IDEs highlight matching parentheses , so it is n't necessary to count them in order to ensure they are balanced .
Clojure function calls are less noisy than Java method calls .
A Java method call looks like this :
methodName ( arg1 , arg2 , arg3 ) ;
A Clojure function call looks like this :
( function - name arg1 arg2 arg3 )
The open paren moves to the front and the commas and semicolon disappear .
This syntax is referred to as a " form " .
There is simple beauty in the fact that everything in Lisp has this form .
Note that the naming convention in Clojure is to use all lowercase with hyphens separating words in multi- word names , unlike the Java convention of using camelcase .
Defining functions is similarly less noisy in Clojure .
The Clojure println function adds a space between the output from each of its arguments .
To avoid this , pass the same arguments to the str function and pass its result to println .
// Java public void hello ( String name ) { System .
out .
println ( " Hello , " + name ) ; } ; Clojure ( defn hello [ name ] ( println " Hello , " name ) )
Clojure makes heavy use of lazy evaluation .
This allows functions to be invoked only when their result is needed .
" Lazy sequences " are collections of results that are not computed until needed .
This supports the efficient creation of infinite collections .
Clojure code is processed in three phases : read - time , compile - time and run-time .
At read - time the Reader reads source code and converts it to a data structure , mostly a list of lists of lists .
At compile - time this data structure is converted to Java bytecode .
At run -time the bytecode is executed .
Functions are only invoked at run-time .
Macros are special constructs whose invocation looks similar to that of functions , but are expanded into new Clojure code at compile - time .
Is Clojure code hard to understand ?
Imagine if every time you read Java source code and encountered syntax elements like if statements , for loops , and anonymous classes , you had to pause and puzzle over what they mean .
There are certain things that must be obvious to a person who wants to be a productive Java developer .
Likewise there are parts of Clojure syntax that must be obvious for one to efficiently read and understand code .
Examples include being comfortable with the use of let , apply , map , filter , reduce and anonymous functions ... all of which are described later .
Getting Started
Clojure code for your own library and application projects will typically reside in its own directory ( named after the project ) and will be managed by the Leiningen project management tool .
Leiningen ( or " lein " for short ) will take care of downloading Clojure for you and making it available to your projects .
To start using Clojure , you do n't need to install Clojure , nor deal with jar files or the java command — just install and use lein ( instructions on the Leiningen homepage , linked to above ) .
Once you 've installed lein , create a trivial project to start playing around with :
cd ~ / temp lein new my - proj cd my - proj lein repl # starts up the interactive REPL
To create a new application project , do " lein new app my - app "
For more about getting started , see http://dev.clojure.org/display/doc/Getting+Started.
Clojure Syntax
Lisp dialects have a very simple , some would say beautiful , syntax .
Data and code have the same representation , lists of lists that can be represented in memory quite naturally as a tree .
( a b c ) is a call to a function named a with arguments b and c .
To make this data instead of code , the list needs to be quoted .
' ( a b c ) or ( quote ( a b c ) ) is a list of the values a , b and c .
That 's it except for some special cases .
The number of special cases there are depends on the dialect .
The special cases are seen by some as syntactic sugar .
The more of them there are , the shorter certain kinds of code become and the more readers of the code have to learn and remember .
It 's a tricky balance .
Many of them have an equivalent function name that can be used instead .
I 'll leave it to you to decide if Clojure has too much or too little syntactic sugar .
The table below briefly describes each of the special cases encountered in Clojure code .
These will be described in more detail later .
Do n't try to understand everything in the table now .
Purpose Sugar Function comment ; text
for line comments ( comment text ) macro
for block comments character literal ( uses Java char type ) \char \tab
ewline \space
\uunicode - hex - value ( char ascii-code )
( char \uunicode ) string ( uses Java String objects ) " text " ( str char1 char2 ... )
concatenates characters and many other kinds of values to create a string .
keyword ; an interned string ; keywords with the same name refer to the same object ; often used for map keys : name ( keyword " name " ) keyword resolved in the current namespace :: name none regular expression # " pattern "
quoting rules differ from function form ( re- pattern pattern ) treated as whitespace ; sometimes used in collections to aid readability , ( a comma ) N/ A list - a linked list ' ( items )
does n't evaluate items ( list items )
evaluates items vector - similar to an array [ items ] ( vector items ) set #{items}
creates a hash set ( hash - set items )
( sorted - set items ) map {key - value - pairs}
creates a hash map ( hash - map key - value - pairs )
( sorted - map key - value - pairs ) add metadata to a symbol or collection ^{key - value - pairs}object
processed at read - time ( with- meta objectmetadata - map )
processed at run -time get metadata map from a symbol or collection ( meta object ) gather a variable number of arguments
in a function parameter list & name N/ A conventional name given to
function parameters that are n't used _ ( an underscore ) N/ A construct a Java object ;
note the period after the class name ( class - name . args ) ( new class - name args ) call a Java method (. class - or - instancemethod - name args ) or
(. method - name class - or - instance args ) none call several Java methods , threading the result from each into the next as its first argument ;
each method can have additional arguments specified inside the parens ;
note the double period ( .. class - or - object ( method1 args ) ( method2 args ) ... ) none create an anonymous function #( single - expression )
use % ( same as % 1 ) , %1 , % 2 and so on for arguments ( fn [ arg - names ] expressions ) dereference a Ref , Atom or Agent @ref ( deref ref ) get Var object instead of
the value of a symbol ( var- quote ) #'name ( var name ) syntax quote ( used in macros ) ` none unquote ( used in macros ) ~value ( unquote value ) unquote splicing ( used in macros ) ~@value none auto - gensym ( used in macros to generate a unique symbol name ) prefix# ( gensym prefix ? )
Lisp dialects use prefix notation rather than the typical infix notation used by most programming languages for binary operators such as + and * .
For example , in Java one might write a + b + c , whereas in a Lisp dialect this becomes (+ a b c ) .
One benefit of this notation is that any number of arguments can be specified without repeating the operator .
Binary operators from other languages are Lisp functions that are n't restricted to two operands .
One reason Lisp code contains more parentheses than code in other languages is that it also uses them where languages like Java use curly braces .
For example , the statements in a Java method are inside curly braces , whereas the expressions in a Lisp function are inside the function definition which is surrounded by parentheses .
Compare the following snippets of Java and Clojure code that each define a simple function and invoke it .
The output from both is " edray " and " orangeay " .
// This is Java code .
public class PigLatin { public static String pigLatin ( String word ) { char firstLetter = word .
charAt ( 0 ) ; if ( " aeiou " .
indexOf ( firstLetter ) != - 1 ) return word + " ay " ; return word .
substring ( 1 ) + firstLetter + " ay " ; } public static void main ( String args [ ] ) { System . out .
println ( pigLatin ( " red " ) ) ; System . out .
println ( pigLatin ( " orange " ) ) ; } }
; This is Clojure code . ;
When a set is used as a function , it returns the argument if it is ; in the set and nil otherwise .
When used in a boolean context , ; that indicates whether the argument is in the set .
( def vowel ? ( set " aeiou " ) ) ( defn pig- latin [ word ] ; defines a function ; word is expected to be a string ; which can be treated like a sequence of characters .
( let [ first - letter ( first word ) ] ; assigns a local binding ( if ( vowel ? first - letter ) ( str word " ay " ) ; then part of if ( str ( subs word 1 ) first - letter " ay " ) ) ) ) ; else part of if ( println ( pig-latin " red " ) ) ( println ( pig-latin " orange " ) )
Clojure supports all the common data types such as booleans ( with literal values of true and false ) , integers , decimals , characters ( see " character literal " in the table above ) and strings .
It also supports ratios which retain a numerator and denominator so numeric precision is not lost when they are used in calculations .
Symbols are used to name things .
These names are scoped in a namespace , either one that is specified or the default namespace .
Symbols evaluate to their value .
To access the Symbol object itself , it must be quoted .
Keywords begin with a colon and are used as unique identifiers .
Examples include keys in maps and enumerated values ( such as :red , : green and : blue ) .
It is possible in Clojure , as it is in any programming language , to write code that is difficult to understand .
Following a few guidelines can make a big difference .
Write short , well - focused functions to make them easier to read , test and reuse .
Use the " extract method " refactoring pattern often .
Deeply nested function calls can be hard to read .
Limit this nesting where possible , often by using let to break complicated expressions into several less complicated expressions .
Passing anonymous functions to named functions is common .
However , avoid passing anonymous functions to other anonymous functions because such code is difficult to read .
REPL
REPL stands for read - eval - print loop .
This is a standard tool in Lisp dialects that allows a user to enter expressions , have them read and evaluated , and have their result printed .
It is a very useful tool for testing and gaining an understanding of code .
To start a REPL , enter " lein repl " at a command prompt .
This will display a prompt of " user= > " .
The part before " => " indicates the current default namespace .
Forms entered after this prompt are evaluated and their result is output .
Here 's a sample REPL session that shows both input and output .
user= > ( def n 2 ) # 'user / n user= > (* n 3 ) 6
def is a special form that does n't evaluate its first argument , but instead uses the literal value as a name .
Its REPL output shows that a symbol named " n " in the namespace " user " was defined .
To view documentation for a function , macro or namespace , enter ( doc name ) .
If it is a macro , the word " Macro " will appear on a line by itself immediately after its parameter list .
The item for which documentation is being requested must already be loaded ( see the require function ) .
For example :
( require ' clojure.string ) ( doc clojure.string / join ) ; -> ;
------------------------- ; clojure.string /join ; ( [ coll ] [ separator coll ] ) ;
Returns a string of all elements in coll , as returned by ( seq coll ) , ; separated by an optional separator .
To find documentation on all functions / macros whose name or documentation string contains a given string , enter ( find - doc " text " ) .
To see the source for a function / macro , enter ( source name ) .
source is a macro defined in the clojure .
repl namespace which is automatically loaded in the REPL environment .
To load and execute the forms in a source file , enter ( load - file " file - path " ) .
Typically these files have a .clj extension .
To exit the REPL under Windows , type ctrl - z followed by the enter key or just ctrl-c .
To exit the REPL on every other platform ( including UNIX , Linux and Mac OS X ) , type ctrl-d .
Vars
Clojure provides bindings to Vars , which are containers bound to mutable storage locations .
There are global bindings , thread - local bindings , bindings that are local to a function , and bindings that are local to a given form .
Function parameters are bound to Vars that are local to the function .
The def special form binds a value to a symbol .
It provides a mechanism to define metadata , : dynamic , which allows a thread - local value within the scope of a binding call .
In other words , it allows re-definition of assigned value per execution thread and scope .
If the Var is not re-assigned to a new value in a separate execution thread , the Var refers to the value of the root binding , if accessed from another thread .
The let special form creates bindings to Vars that are bound to the scope within the statement .
Its first argument is a vector containing name / expression pairs .
The expressions are evaluated in order and their results are assigned to the names on their left .
These Vars can be used in the binding of other Vars declared within the vector .
The expressions following the Var declaration vector contain the Var(s ) that are executed only within the let scope .
Vars within functions that are called within let but defined outside of that scope are not affected by the declarations in the let 's vector .
The binding macro is similar to let , but it gives new , thread - local values to existing global bindings throughout the scope 's thread of execution .
The values of Vars bound within the let vector argument are also used in functions , if they use the same Var names , called from inside that scope .
When the execution thread leaves the binding macro's scope , the global Var bindings revert to their previous values .
Starting in Clojure 1.3 , binding can only do this for vars declared : dynamic .
Vars intended to be bound to new , thread - local values using binding have their own naming convention .
These symbols have names that begin and end with an asterisk .
Examples that appear in this article include * command - line - args * , * agent * , * err* , * flush - on - newline * , *in* , * load - tests * , * ns* , * out* , * print - length * , * print - level * and * stack - trace - depth * .
Functions that use these bindings are affected by their values .
For example , binding a new value to * out* changes the output destination of the println function .
The following code demonstrates usage of def , defn , let , binding , and println .
( def ^:dynamic v 1 ) ; v is a global binding ( defn f1 [ ] ( println " f1 : v : " v ) ) ( defn f2 [ ] ( println " f2 : before let v : " v ) ; creates local binding v that shadows global one ( let [ v 2 ] ; local binding only within this let statement ( println " f2 : in let , v : " v ) ( f1 ) ) ; outside of this let , v refers to global binding ( println " f2 : after let v : " v ) ) ( defn f3 [ ] ( println " f3 : before binding v : " v ) ; same global binding with new , temporary value ( binding [ v 3 ] ; global binding , new value ( println " f3 : within binding function v : " v ) ( f1 ) ) ; calling f1 with new value to v ; outside of binding v refers to first global value ( println " f3 : after binding v : " v ) ) ( defn f4 [ ] ( def v 4 ) ) ; changes the value of v in the global scope ( println " ( = v 1 ) => " ( = v 1 ) ) ( println " Calling f2 : " ) ( f2 ) ( println ) ( println " Calling f3 : " ) ( f3 ) ( println ) ( println " Calling f4 : " ) ( f4 ) ( println " after calling f4 , v = " v )
To run the code above , save it in a file named " vars.clj " and use the shell script for executing Clojure files described earlier as follows :
$ clj vars.clj
The output produced by the code above follows :
; ( = v 1 ) => true Calling f2 f2 : before let v : 1 f2 : in let , v : 2 f1 : v : 1 f2 : after let v : 1 Calling f3 f3 : before binding v : 1 f3 : within binding function v : 3 f1 : v : 3 f3 : after binding v: 1 Calling f4 after calling f4 , v : 4
Recap :
Notice in the first call to f2 , the let function 's binding to v did not change its originally declared value , as is shown in the call to f1 within the let statement .
The value of v in f1 is 1 , not 2 .
Next , inside f3 within the scope of the binding call , the value of v was re-assigned within f1 since f1 was called within the execution thread of binding call 's scope .
Once f3 's function execution thread exits from the binding call , v is bound to the initially declared binding , 1 .
When f4 is called , the binding of v is not within the context of a new execution thread so v is bound to the new value , 4 , in the global scope .
Remember that changing a global value is not necessarily a best practice .
It is presented in f4 's definition for demonstration purposes .
Collections
Clojure provides the collection types list , vector , set and map .
Clojure can also use any of the Java collection classes , but this is not typically done because the Clojure variety are a much better fit for functional programming .
The Clojure collection types have characteristics that differ from Java 's collection types .
All of them are immutable , heterogeneous and persistent .
Being immutable means that their contents cannot be changed .
Being heterogeneous means that they can hold any kind of object .
Being persistent means that old versions of them are preserved when new versions are created .
Clojure does this in a very efficient manner where new versions share memory with old versions .
For example , a new version of a map containing thousands of key / value pairs where just one value needs to be modified can be created quickly and consumes very little additional memory .
There are many core functions that operate on all kinds of collections ... far too many to describe here .
A small subset of them are described next using vectors .
Keep in mind that since Clojure collections are immutable , there are no functions that modify them .
Instead , there are many functions that use the magic of persistent data structures to efficiently create new collections from existing ones .
Also , some functions that operate on a collection ( for example , a vector ) return a collection of a different type ( for example , a LazySeq ) that has different characteristics .
WARNING : This section presents information about Clojure collections that is important to learn .
However , it drones on a bit , presenting function after function for operating on various types of collections .
Should drowsiness set in , please skip ahead to the sections that follow and return to this section later .
The count function returns the number of items in any collection .
For example :
( count [ 19 " yellow " true ] ) ; -> 3
The conj function , short for conjoin , adds one or more items to a collection .
Where they are added depends on the type of the collection .
This is explained in the information on specific collection types below .
The reverse function returns a sequence of the items in the collection in reverse order .
( reverse [ 2 4 7 ] ) ; -> ( 7 4 2 )
The map function applies a given function that takes one parameter to each item in a collection , returning a lazy sequence of the results .
It can also apply functions that take more than one parameter if a collection is supplied for each argument .
If those collections contain different numbers of items , the items used from each will be those at the beginning up to the number of items in the smallest collection .
For example :
; The next line uses an anonymous function that adds 3 to its argument .
( map # ( + % 3 ) [ 2 4 7 ] ) ; -> ( 5 7 10 ) ( map + [ 2 4 7 ] [ 5 6 ] [ 1 2 3 4 ] ) ; adds corresponding items -> ( 8 12 )
The apply function returns the result of a given function when all the items in a given collection are used as arguments .
For example :
apply + [ 2 4 7 ] ) ; -> 13
There are many functions that retrieve a single item from a collection .
For example :
( def stooges [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " " Shemp " ] ) ( first stooges ) ; ->
" Moe " ( second stooges ) ; ->
" Larry " ( last stooges ) ; ->
" Shemp " ( nth stooges 2 ) ; indexes start at 0 -> " Curly "
There are many functions that retrieve several items from a collection .
For example :
( next stooges ) ; -> ( " Larry " " Curly " " Shemp " ) ( butlast stooges ) ; -> ( " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ( drop - last 2 stooges ) ; -> ( " Moe " " Larry " ) ;
Get names containing more than three characters .
( filter #(> ( count %) 3 ) stooges ) ; -> ( " Larry " " Curly " " Shemp " ) ( nthnext stooges 2 ) ; -> ( " Curly " " Shemp " )
There are several predicate functions that test the items in a collection and have a boolean result .
These " short - circuit " so they only evaluate as many items as necessary to determine their result .
For example :
( every ?
#( instance ?
String %) stooges ) ; -> true ( not -every ?
#( instance ?
String %) stooges ) ; -> false ( some #( instance ?
Number %) stooges ) ; -> nil ( not-any ?
#( instance ?
Number %) stooges ) ; -> true
Lists
Lists are ordered collections of items .
They are ideal when new items will be added to or removed from the front ( constant - time ) .
They are not efficient ( linear time ) for finding items by index ( using nth ) and there is no efficient way to change items by index .
Here are some ways to create a list that all have the same result :
( def stooges ( list " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ) ( def stooges ( quote ( " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ) ) ( def stooges ' ( " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) )
The some function can be used to determine if a collection contains a given item .
It takes a predicate function and a collection .
While it may seem tedious to need to specify a predicate function in order to test for the existence of a single item , it is somewhat intentional to discourage this usage .
Searching a list for a single item is a linear operation .
Using a set instead of a list is more efficient and easier .
Nevertheless , it can be done as follows :
( some #(= % " Moe " ) stooges ) ; -> true ( some #(= % " Mark " ) stooges ) ; -> nil ;
Another approach is to create a set from the list ; and then use the contains ?
function on the set as follows .
( contains ? ( set stooges ) " Moe " ) ; -> true
Both the conj and cons functions create a new list that contains additional items added to the front .
The remove function creates a new list containing only the items for which a predicate function returns false .
For example :
( def more - stooges ( conj stooges " Shemp " ) ) ; -> ( " Shemp " " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ( def less - stooges ( remove #(= % " Curly " ) more - stooges ) ) ; -> ( " Shemp " " Moe " " Larry " )
The into function creates a new list that contains all the items in two lists .
For example :
( def kids - of - mike ' ( " Greg " " Peter " " Bobby " ) ) ( def kids - of - carol ' ( " Marcia " " Jan " " Cindy " ) ) ( def brady - bunch ( into kids - of - mike kids - of - carol ) ) ( println brady - bunch ) ; -> ( Cindy Jan Marcia Greg Peter Bobby )
The peek and pop functions can be used to treat a list as a stack .
They operate on the beginning or head of the list .
Vectors
Vectors are also ordered collections of items .
They are ideal when new items will be added to or removed from the back ( constant - time ) .
This means that using conj is more efficient than cons for adding items .
They are efficient ( constant time ) for finding ( using nth ) or changing ( using assoc ) items by index .
Function definitions specify their parameter list using a vector .
Here are some ways to create a vector :
( def stooges ( vector " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ) ( def stooges [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ] )
Unless the list characteristic of being more efficient at adding to or removing from the front is significant for a given use , vectors are typically preferred over lists .
This is mainly due to the vector syntax of [...] being a bit more appealing than the list syntax of '(... ) .
It does n't have the possibility of being confused with a call to a function , macro or special form .
The get function retrieves an item from a vector by index .
As shown later , it also retrieves a value from a map by key .
Indexes start from zero .
The get function is similar to the nth function .
Both take an optional value to be returned if the index is out of range .
If this is not supplied and the index is out of range , get returns nil and nth throws an exception .
For example :
( get stooges 1 " unknown " ) ; ->
" Larry " ( get stooges 3 " unknown " ) ; -> " unknown "
The assoc function operates on vectors and maps .
When applied to a vector , it creates a new vector where the item specified by an index is replaced .
If the index is equal to the number of items in the vector , a new item is added to the end .
If it is greater than the number of items in the vector , an IndexOutOfBoundsException is thrown .
For example :
( assoc stooges 2 " Shemp " ) ; -> [ " Moe " " Larry " " Shemp " ]
The subvec function returns a new vector that is a subset of an existing one that retains the order of the items .
It takes a vector , a start index and an optional end index .
If the end index is omitted , the subset runs to the end .
The new vector shares the structure of the original one .
All the code examples provided above for lists also work for vectors .
The peek and pop functions also work with vectors , but operate on the end or tail rather than the beginning or head as they do for lists .
The conj function creates a new vector that contains an additional item added to the back .
The cons function creates a new vector that contains an additional item added to the front .
Sets
Sets are collections of unique items .
They are preferred over lists and vectors when duplicates are not allowed and items do not need to be maintained in the order in which they were added .
Clojure supports two kinds of sets , unsorted and sorted .
If the items being added to a sorted set can't be compared to each other , a ClassCastException is thrown .
Here are some ways to create a set :
( def stooges ( hash - set " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) ) ; not sorted ( def stooges # {" Moe " " Larry " " Curly " } ) ; same as previous ( def stooges ( sorted - set " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ) )
The contains ?
function operates on sets and maps .
When used on a set , it determines whether the set contains a given item .
This is much simpler than using the some function which is needed to test this with a list or vector .
For example :
( contains ?
stooges " Moe " ) ; -> true ( contains ?
stooges " Mark " ) ; -> false
Sets can be used as functions of their items .
When used in this way , they return the item or nil .
This provides an even more compact way to test whether a set contains a given item .
For example :
( stooges " Moe " ) ; ->
" Moe " ( stooges " Mark " ) ; -> nil ( println ( if ( stooges person ) " stooge " " regular person " ) )
The conj and into functions demonstrated above with lists also work with sets .
The location where the items are added is only defined for sorted sets .
The disj function creates a new set where one or more items are removed .
For example :
( def more - stooges ( conj stooges " Shemp " ) ) ; -> # {" Moe " " Larry " " Curly " " Shemp " } ( def less - stooges ( disj more - stooges " Curly " ) ) ; -> # {" Moe " " Larry " " Shemp " }
Also consider the functions in the clojure .
set namespace which include : difference , index , intersection , join , map - invert , project , rename , rename - keys , select and union .
Some of these functions operate on maps instead of sets .
Maps
Maps store associations between keys and their corresponding values where both can be any kind of object .
Often keywords are used for map keys .
Entries can be stored in such a way that the pairs can be quickly retrieved in sorted order based on their keys .
Here are some ways to create maps that store associations from popsicle colors to their flavors where the keys and values are both keywords .
The commas aid readability .
They are optional and are treated as whitespace .
( def popsicle - map ( hash - map : red : cherry , : green : apple , : purple : grape ) ) ( def popsicle - map {:red : cherry , : green : apple , : purple : grape} ) ; same as previous ( def popsicle - map ( sorted - map : red : cherry , : green : apple , : purple : grape ) )
Maps can be used as functions of their keys .
Also , in some cases keys can be used as functions of maps .
For example , keyword keys can , but string and integer keys cannot .
The following are all valid ways to get the flavor of green popsicles , which is : apple :
( get popsicle - map : green ) ( popsicle - map : green ) ( : green popsicle - map )
The contains ?
function operates on sets and maps .
When used on a map , it determines whether the map contains a given key .
The keys function returns a sequence containing all the keys in a given map .
The vals function returns a sequence containing all the values in a given map .
For example :
( contains ?
popsicle - map : green ) ; -> true ( keys popsicle - map ) ; -> ( : red : green : purple ) ( vals popsicle - map ) ; -> ( : cherry : apple : grape )
The assoc function operates on maps and vectors .
When applied to a map , it creates a new map where any number of key / value pairs are added .
Values for existing keys are replaced by new values .
For example :
( assoc popsicle - map : green : lime : blue : blueberry ) ; -> {: blue : blueberry , : green : lime , : purple : grape , :red : cherry}
The dissoc function takes a map and any number of keys .
It returns a new map where those keys are removed .
Specified keys that are n't in the map are ignored .
For example :
( dissoc popsicle - map : green : blue ) ; -> {: purple : grape , :red : cherry}
When used in the context of a sequence , maps are treated like a sequence of clojure .
lang .
MapEntry objects .
This can be combined with the use of doseq and destructuring , both of which are described in more detail later , to easily iterate through all the keys and values .
The following example iterates through all the key / value pairs in popsicle - map and binds the key to color and the value to flavor .
The name function returns the string name of a keyword .
( doseq [ [ color flavor ] popsicle - map ] ( println ( str " The flavor of " ( name color ) " popsicles is " ( name flavor ) " . " ) ) )
The output produced by the code above follows :
The flavor of green popsicles is apple .
The flavor of purple popsicles is grape .
The flavor of red popsicles is cherry .
The select - keys function takes a map and a sequence of keys .
It returns a new map where only those keys are in the map .
Specified keys that are n't in the map are ignored .
For example :
( select - keys popsicle - map [ : red : green : blue ] ) ; ->
{: green :apple , :red : cherry}
The conj function adds all the key / value pairs from one map to another .
If any keys in the source map already exist in the target map , the target map values are replaced by the corresponding source map values .
Values in maps can be maps , and they can be nested to any depth .
Retrieving nested values is easy .
Likewise , creating new maps where nested values are modified is easy .
To demonstrate this we 'll create a map that describes a person .
It has a key whose value describes their address using a map .
It also has a key whose value describes their employer which has its own address map .
( def person { : name " Mark Volkmann " : address { : street " 644 Glen Summit " : city " St. Charles " : state " Missouri " : zip 63304} : employer { : name " Object Computing , Inc. " : address { : street " 12140 Woodcrest Executive Drive , Suite 250 " : city " Creve Coeur " : state " Missouri " :zip 63141}}} )
The get - in function takes a map and a key sequence .
It returns the value of the nested map key at the end of the sequence .
The -> macro and the reduce function can also be used for this purpose .
All of these are demonstrated below to retrieve the employer city which is " Creve Coeur " .
( get - in person [ : employer : address : city ] ) (-> person : employer : address : city ) ; explained below ( reduce get person [ : employer : address : city ] ) ; explained below
The -> macro , referred to as the " thread " macro , calls a series of functions , passing the result of each as an argument to the next .
For example the following lines have the same result :
( f1 ( f2 ( f3 x ) ) ) ( -> x f3 f2 f1 )
There is also a -?> macro in the clojure.core.incubator namespace that stops and returns nil if any function in the chain returns nil .
This avoids getting a NullPointerException .
The reduce function takes a function of two arguments , an optional value and a collection .
It begins by calling the function with either the value and the first item in the collection or the first two items in the collection if the value is omitted .
It then calls the function repeatedly with the previous function result and the next item in the collection until every item in the collection has been processed .
This function is the same as inject in Ruby and foldl in Haskell .
The assoc - in function takes a map , a key sequence and a new value .
It returns a new map where the nested map key at the end of the sequence has the new value .
For example , a new map where the employer city is changed to " Clayton " can be created as follows :
assoc - in person [ : employer : address : city ] " Clayton " )
The update - in function takes a map , a key sequence , a function and any number of additional arguments .
The function is passed the old value of the key at the end of the sequence and the additional arguments .
The value it returns is used as the new value of that key .
For example , a new map where the employer zip code is changed to a string in the U.S. " ZIP + 4 " format can be created using as follows :
( update - in person [ : employer : address : zip ] str " - 1234 " ) ; using the str function
StructMaps
Note : StructMaps have been deprecated .
Records are generally recommended instead .
A section on Records will be added shortly .
StructMaps are similar to regular maps , but are optimized to take advantage of common keys in multiple instances so they do n't have to be repeated .
Their use is similar to that of Java Beans .
Proper equals and hashCode methods are generated for them .
Accessor functions that are faster than ordinary map key lookups can easily be created .
The create - struct function and defstruct macro , which uses create - struct , both define StructMaps .
The keys are normally specified with keywords .
For example :
( def vehicle - struct ( create - struct : make : model : year : color ) ) ; long way ( defstruct vehicle - struct : make : model : year : color ) ; short way
The struct function creates an instance of a given StructMap .
Values must be specified in the same order as their corresponding keys were specified when the StructMap was defined .
Values for keys at the end can be omitted and their values will be nil .
For example :
( def vehicle ( struct vehicle - struct " Toyota " " Prius " 2009 ) )
The accessor function creates a function for accessing the value of a given key in instances that avoids performing a hash map lookup .
For example :
; Note the use of def instead of defn because accessor returns ; a function that is then bound to " make " .
( def make ( accessor vehicle - struct : make ) ) ( make vehicle ) ; ->
" Toyota " ( vehicle : make ) ; same but slower ( : make vehicle ) ; same but slower
New keys not specified when the StructMap was defined can be added to instances .
However , keys specified when the StructMap was defined cannot be removed from instances .
Defining Functions
The defn macro defines a function .
Its arguments are the function name , an optional documentation string ( displayed by the doc macro ) , the parameter list ( specified with a vector that can be empty ) and the function body .
The result of the last expression in the body is returned .
Every function returns a value , but it may be nil .
For example :
( defn parting " returns a String parting " [ name ] ( str " Goodbye , " name ) ) ; concatenation ( println ( parting " Mark " ) ) ; ->
Goodbye , Mark
Function definitions must appear before their first use .
Sometimes this is n't possible due to a set of functions that invoke each other .
The declare special form takes any number of function names and creates forward declarations that resolve these cases .
For example :
( declare function - names )
Functions defined with the defn - macro are private .
This means they are only visible in the namespace in which they are defined .
Other macros that produce private definitions , such as defmacro- , are in clojure.core.incubator .
Functions can take a variable number of parameters .
Optional parameters must appear at the end .
They are gathered into a list by adding an ampersand and a name for the list at the end of the parameter list .
( defn power [ base & exponents ] ; Using java.lang .
Math static method pow .
( reduce #( Math / pow % 1 % 2 ) base exponents ) ) ( power 2 3 4 ) ; 2 to the 3rd = 8 ; 8 to the 4th = 4096
Function definitions can contain more than one parameter list and corresponding body .
Each parameter list must contain a different number of parameters .
This supports overloading functions based on arity .
Often it is useful for a body to call the same function with a different number of arguments in order to provide default values for some of them .
For example :
( defn parting " returns a String parting in a given language " ( [ ] ( parting " World " ) ) ( [ name ] ( parting name " en " ) ) ( [ name language ] ; condp is similar to a case statement in other languages .
;
It is described in more detail later .
;
It is used here to take different actions based on whether the ; parameter " language " is set to " en " , " es " or something else .
( condp = language " en " ( str " Goodbye , " name ) " es " ( str " Adios , " name ) ( throw ( IllegalArgumentException .
( str " unsupported language " language ) ) ) ) ) ) ( println ( parting ) ) ; ->
Goodbye , World ( println ( parting " Mark " ) ) ; ->
Goodbye , Mark ( println ( parting " Mark " " es " ) ) ; ->
Adios , Mark ( println ( parting " Mark " , " x y " ) ) ; -> java.lang.IllegalArgumentException : unsupported language xy
Anonymous functions have no name .
These are often passed as arguments to a named function .
They are handy for short function definitions that are only used in one place .
There are two ways to define them , shown below :
( def years [ 1940 1944 1961 1985 1987 ] ) ( filter ( fn [ year ] ( even ? year ) ) years ) ; long way w/ named arguments -> ( 1940 1944 ) ( filter #( even ? %) years ) ; short way where % refers to the argument
When an anonymous function is defined using the fn special form , the body can contain any number of expressions .
It can also have a name ( following " fn " ) which makes it no longer anonymous and enables it to call itself recursively .
When an anonymous function is defined in the short way using #(... ) , it can only contain a single expression .
To use more than one expression , wrap them in the do special form .
If there is only one parameter , it can be referred to with % .
If there are multiple parameters , they are referred to with % 1 , % 2 and so on .
For example :
( defn pair - test [ test - fn n1 n2 ] ( if ( test - fn n1 n2 ) " pass " " fail " ) ) ;
Use a test - fn that determines whether ; the sum of its two arguments is an even number .
( println ( pair - test #( even ? (+ %1 %2 ) ) 3 5 ) ) ; -> pass
Java methods can be overloaded based on parameter types .
Clojure functions can only be overloaded on arity .
Clojure multimethods however , can be overloaded based on anything .
The defmulti and defmethod macros are used together to define a multimethod .
The arguments to defmulti are the method name and the dispatch function which returns a value that will be used to select a method .
The arguments to defmethod are the method name , the dispatch value that triggers use of the method , the parameter list and the body .
The special dispatch value : default is used to designate a method to be used when none of the others match .
Each defmethod for the same multimethod name must take the same number of arguments .
The arguments passed to a multimethod are passed to the dispatch function .
Here 's an example of a multimethod that overloads based on type .
( defmulti what - am - i class ) ; class is the dispatch function ( defmethod what - am - i Number [ arg ] ( println arg " is a Number " ) ) ( defmethod what - am - i String [ arg ] ( println arg " is a String " ) ) ( defmethod what - am - i : default [ arg ] ( println arg " is something else " ) ) ( what - am - i 19 ) ; -> 19 is a Number ( what - am - i " Hello " ) ; ->
Hello is a String ( what - am - i true ) ; -> true is something else
Since the dispatch function can be any function , including one you write , the possibilities are endless .
For example , a custom dispatch function could examine its arguments and return a keyword to indicate a size such as : small , : medium or : large .
One method for each size keyword can provide logic that is specific to a given size .
Underscores can be used as placeholders for function parameters that wo n't be used and therefore do n't need a name .
This is often useful in callback functions which are passed to another function so they can be invoked later .
A particular callback function may not use all the arguments that are passed to it .
For example :
( defn callback1 [ n1 n2 n 3 ] ( + n 1 n2 n3 ) ) ; uses all three arguments ( defn callback2 [ n1 _ n 3 ] ( + n 1 n3 ) ) ; only uses 1st & 3rd arguments ( defn caller [ callback value ] ( callback (+ value 1 ) (+ value 2 ) (+ value 3 ) ) ) ( caller callback1 10 ) ; 11 + 12 + 13 -> 36 ( caller callback2 10 ) ; 11 + 13 -> 24
The complement function returns a new function that is just like a given function , but returns the opposite logical truth value .
For example :
( defn teenager ? [ age ] ( and ( > = age 13 ) ( < age 20 ) ) ) ( def non-teen ? ( complement teenager ? ) ) ( println ( non-teen ?
47 ) ) ; - > true
The comp function composes a new function by combining any number of existing ones .
They are called from right to left .
For example :
( defn times2 [ n ] (* n 2 ) ) ( defn minus3 [ n ] (- n 3 ) ) ; Note the use of def instead of defn because comp returns ; a function that is then bound to " my-composition " .
( def my - composition ( comp minus3 times2 ) ) ( my-composition 4 ) ; 4*2 - 3 -> 5
The partial function creates a new function from an existing one so that it provides fixed values for initial parameters and calls the original function .
This is called a " partial application " .
For example , * is a function that takes any number of arguments and multiplies them together .
Suppose we want a new version of that function that always multiplies by two .
; Note the use of def instead of defn because partial returns ; a function that is then bound to " times2 " .
( def times2 ( partial * 2 ) ) ( times2 3 4 ) ; 2 * 3 * 4 -> 24
Here 's an interesting use of both the map and partial functions .
We 'll define functions that use the map function to compute the value of an arbitrary polynomial and its derivative for given x values .
The polynomials are described by a vector of their coefficients .
Next , we 'll define functions that use partial to define functions for a specific polynomial and its derivative .
Finally , we 'll demonstrate using the functions .
The range function returns a lazy sequence of integers from an inclusive lower bound to an exclusive upper bound .
The lower bound defaults to 0 , the step size defaults to 1 , and the upper bound defaults to infinity .
( defn - polynomial " computes the value of a polynomial with the given coefficients for a given value x " [ coefs x ] ;
For example , if coefs contains 3 values then exponents is ( 2 1 0 ) .
( let [ exponents ( reverse ( range ( count coefs ) ) ) ]
;
Multiply each coefficient by x raised to the corresponding exponent ; and sum those results .
; coefs go into % 1 and exponents go into % 2 . ( apply + ( map #(* %1 ( Math / pow x % 2 ) ) coefs exponents ) ) ) ) ( defn - derivative " computes the value of the derivative of a polynomial with the given coefficients for a given value x " [ coefs x ] ;
The coefficients of the derivative function are obtained by ; multiplying all but the last coefficient by its corresponding exponent .
;
The extra exponent will be ignored .
( let [ exponents ( reverse ( range ( count coefs ) ) ) derivative - coefs ( map #(* % 1 %2 ) ( butlast coefs ) exponents ) ] ( polynomial derivative - coefs x ) ) ) ( def f ( partial polynomial [ 2 1 3 ] ) ) ; 2x ^2 + x + 3 ( def f- prime ( partial derivative [ 2 1 3 ] ) ) ; 4 x + 1 ( println " f( 2 ) = " ( f 2 ) ) ; -> 13.0 ( println " f'( 2 ) = " ( f - prime 2 ) ) ; -> 9.0
Here 's an another way that the polynomial function could be implemented ( suggested by Francesco Strino ) .
For a polynomial with coefficients a , b and c , it computes the value for x as follows :
% 1 = a , % 2 = b , result is ax + b % 1 = ax + b , % 2 = c , result is ( ax + b ) x + c = ax ^ 2 + bx + c
( defn - polynomial " computes the value of a polynomial with the given coefficients for a given value x " [ coefs x ] ( reduce #(+ (* x %1 ) % 2 ) coefs ) )
The memoize function takes another function and returns a new function that stores a mapping from previous arguments to previous results for the given function .
The new function uses the mapping to avoid invoking the given function with arguments that have already been evaluated .
This results in better performance , but also requires memory to store the mappings .
The time macro evaluates an expression , prints the elapsed time , and returns the expression result .
It is used in the following code to measure the time to compute the value of a polynomial at a given x value .
The following example demonstrates memoizing a polynomial function :
; Note the use of def instead of defn because memoize returns ; a function that is then bound to " memo-f " .
( def memo -f ( memoize f ) ) ( println " priming call " ) ( time ( f 2 ) ) ( println " without memoization " ) ;
Note the use of an underscore for the binding that is n't used .
( dotimes [ _ 3 ] ( time ( f 2 ) ) ) ( println " with memoization " ) ( dotimes [ _ 3 ] ( time ( memo - f 2 ) ) )
The output produced by this code from a sample run is shown below .
priming call " Elapsed time : 4.128 msecs " without memoization " Elapsed time : 0.172 msecs " " Elapsed time : 0.365 msecs " " Elapsed time : 0.19 msecs " with memoization " Elapsed time : 0.241 msecs " " Elapsed time : 0.033 msecs " " Elapsed time : 0.019 msecs "
There are several observations than can be made from this output .
The first call to the function f , the " priming call " , takes considerably longer than the other calls .
This is true regardless of whether memoization is used .
The first call to the memoized function takes longer than the first non-priming call to the original function , due to the overhead of caching its result .
Subsequent calls to the memoized function are much faster .
Java Interoperability
Clojure programs can use all Java classes and interfaces .
As in Java , classes in the java.lang package can be used without importing them .
Java classes in other packages can be used by either specifying their package when referencing them or using the import function .
For example :
( import '( java.util Calendar GregorianCalendar ) ' ( javax .
swing JFrame JLabel ) )
Also see the : import directive of the ns macro which is described later .
There are two ways to access constants in a Java class , shown in the examples below :
( . java . util .
Calendar APRIL ) ; -> 3 ( . Calendar APRIL ) ; works if the Calendar class was imported java .
util .
Calendar / APRIL Calendar / APRIL ; works if the Calendar class was imported
Invoking Java methods from Clojure code is very easy .
Because of this , Clojure does n't provide functions for many common operations and instead relies on Java methods .
For example , Clojure does n't provide a function to find the absolute value of a floating point number because the abs method of the Java class java.lang .
Math class already does that .
On the other hand , while that class provides the method max to find the largest of two values , it only works with two values , so Clojure provides the max function which takes one or more values .
There are two ways to invoke a static method in a Java class , shown in the examples below :
(. Math pow 2 4 ) ; -> 16.0 ( Math / pow 2 4 )
There are two ways to invoke a constructor to create a Java object , shown in the examples below .
Note the use of the def special form to retain a reference to the new object in a global binding .
This is not required .
A reference could be retained in several other ways such as adding it to a collection or passing it to a function .
( import '( java.util Calendar GregorianCalendar ) ) ( def calendar ( new GregorianCalendar 2008 Calendar / APRIL 16 ) ) ; April 16 , 2008 ( def calendar ( GregorianCalendar .
2008 Calendar / APRIL 16 ) )
There are two ways to invoke an instance method on a Java object , shown in the examples below :
(. calendar add Calendar / MONTH
2 ) (. calendar get Calendar / MONTH ) ; -> 5 ( .add calendar Calendar / MONTH 2 ) ( . get calendar Calendar / MONTH ) ; -> 7
The option in the examples above where the method name appears first is generally preferred .
The option where the object appears first is easier to use inside macro definitions because syntax quoting can be used instead of string concatenation .
This statement will make more sense after reading the " Macros " section ahead .
Method calls can be chained using the .. macro .
The result from the previous method call in the chain becomes the target of the next method call .
For example :
(. (. calendar getTimeZone ) getDisplayName ) ; long way (.. calendar getTimeZone getDisplayName ) ; -> " Central Standard Time "
There is also a .?. macro in the clojure.core.incubator namespace that stops and returns nil if any method in the chain returns null .
This avoids getting a NullPointerException .
The doto macro is used to invoke many methods on the same object .
It returns the value of its first argument which is the target object .
This makes it convenient to create the target object with an expression that is the first argument ( see the creation of a JFrame GUI object in the " Namespaces " section ahead ) .
For example :
( doto calendar ( .set Calendar / YEAR 1981 ) ( .set Calendar / MONTH Calendar / AUGUST ) ( . set Calendar / DATE 1 ) ) ( def formatter ( java.text.DateFormat/getDateInstance ) ) ( . format formatter ( .getTime calendar ) ) ; ->
" Aug 1 , 1981 "
The memfn macro expands to code that allows a Java method to be treated as a first class function .
It is an alternative to using an anonymous function for calling a Java method .
When using memfn to invoke Java methods that take arguments , a name for each argument must be specified .
This indicates the arity of the method to be invoked .
These names are arbitrary , but they must be unique because they are used in the generated code .
The following examples apply an instance method ( substring ) to a Java object from the first collection ( a String ) , passing the corresponding item from the second collection ( an int ) as an argument :
( println ( map #( .substring % 1 %2 ) [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ] [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ; -> ( oe rry ly ) ( println ( map ( memfn substring beginIndex ) [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ] [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ; -> same
Proxies
The proxy macro expands to code that creates a Java object that extends a given Java class and / or implements zero or more Java interfaces .
This is often needed to implement callback methods in listener objects that must implement a certain interface in order to register for notifications from another object .
For an example , see the " Desktop Applications " section near the end of this article .
It creates an object that extends the JFrame GUI class and implements the ActionListener interface .
Threads
All Clojure functions implement both the java.lang .
Runnable interface and the java.util.concurrent .Callable interface .
This makes it easy to execute them in new Java threads .
For example :
( defn delayed - print [ ms text ] ( Thread / sleep ms ) ( println text ) ) ;
Pass an anonymous function that invokes delayed - print ; to the Thread constructor so the delayed - print function ; executes inside the Thread instead of ; while the Thread object is being created .
(. start ( Thread .
#( delayed - print 1000 " , World ! " ) ) ) ; prints 2nd ( print " Hello " ) ; prints 1st ; output is " Hello , World ! "
Exception Handling
All exceptions thrown by Clojure code are runtime exceptions .
Java methods invoked from Clojure code can still throw checked exceptions .
The try , catch , finally and throw special forms provide functionality similar to their Java counterparts .
For example :
( defn collection ? [ obj ] ( println " obj is a " ( class obj ) ) ; Clojure collections implement clojure.lang.IPersistentCollection . ( or ( coll ? obj ) ; Clojure collection ?
( instance ? java.util.Collection obj ) ) ) ; Java collection ?
( defn average [ coll ] ( when - not ( collection ? coll ) ( throw ( IllegalArgumentException .
" expected a collection " ) ) ) ( when ( empty ? coll ) ( throw ( IllegalArgumentException .
" collection is empty " ) ) ) ;
Apply the + function to all the items in coll , ; then divide by the number of items in it .
( let [ sum ( apply + coll ) ] (/ sum ( count coll ) ) ) ) ( try ( println " list average = " ( average ' ( 2 3 ) ) ) ; result is a clojure.lang .
Ratio object ( println " vector average = " ( average [ 2 3 ] ) ) ; same ( println " set average = " ( average # {2 3} ) ) ; same ( let [ al ( java.util.ArrayList . ) ] ( doto al ( .add 2 ) ( .add 3 ) ) ( println " ArrayList average = " ( average al ) ) ) ; same ( println " string average = " ( average " 1 2 3 4 " ) ) ; illegal argument ( catch IllegalArgumentException e ( println e ) ;(.printStackTrace e ) ; if a stack trace is desired ) ( finally ( println " in finally " ) ) )
The output produced by the code above follows :
obj is a clojure.lang.PersistentList list average = 5/2 obj is a clojure.lang.LazilyPersistentVector vector average = 5/2 obj is a clojure.lang.PersistentHashSet set average = 5/2 obj is a java.util .
ArrayList ArrayList average = 5/2 obj is a java.lang .
String #< IllegalArgumentException java.lang.IllegalArgumentException : expected a collection > in finally
Conditional Processing
The if special form tests a condition and executes one of two expressions based on whether the condition evaluates to true .
Its syntax is ( if condition then - expr else - expr ) .
The else expression is optional .
If more than one expression is needed for the then or else part , use the do special form to wrap them in a single expression .
For example :
( import '( java.util Calendar GregorianCalendar ) ) ( let [ gc ( GregorianCalendar . ) day - of - week ( . get gc Calendar / DAY_OF_WEEK ) is - weekend ( or ( = day - of - week Calendar / SATURDAY ) ( = day - of - week Calendar / SUNDAY ) ) ] ( if is - weekend ( println " play " ) ( do ( println " work " ) ( println " sleep " ) ) ) )
The when and when - not macros provide alternatives to if when only one branch is needed .
Any number of body expressions can be supplied without wrapping them in a do .
For example :
( when is - weekend ( println " play " ) ) ( when - not is - weekend ( println " work " ) ( println " sleep " ) )
The if - let macro binds a value to a single binding and chooses an expression to evaluate based on whether the value is logically true or false ( explained in the " Predicates " section ) .
The following code prints the name of the first person waiting in line or prints " no waiting " if the line is empty .
( defn process - next [ waiting - line ] ( if - let [ name ( first waiting - line ) ] ( println name " is next " ) ( println " no waiting " ) ) ) ( process - next ' ( " Jeremy " " Amanda " " Tami " ) ) ; ->
Jeremy is next ( process - next '( ) ) ; -> no waiting
The when - let macro is similar to the if - let macro , but it differs in the same way that if differs from when .
It does n't support an else part and the then part can contain any number of expressions .
For example :
( defn summarize " prints the first item in a collection followed by a period for each remaining item " [ coll ] ;
Execute the when - let body only if the collection is n't empty .
( when - let [ head ( first coll ) ] ( print head ) ; Below , dec subtracts one ( decrements ) from ; the number of items in the collection .
( dotimes [ _ ( dec ( count coll ) ) ] ( print \. ) ) ( println ) ) ) ( summarize [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " ] ) ; -> Moe .. ( summarize [ ] ) ; -> no output
The condp macro is similar to a case statement in other languages .
It takes a two parameter predicate ( often = or instance ? ) and an expression to act as its second argument .
After those it takes any number of value / result expression pairs that are evaluated in order .
If the predicate evaluates to true when one of the values is used as its first argument then the corresponding result is returned .
An optional final argument specifies the result to be returned if no given value causes the predicate to evaluate to true .
If this is omitted and no given value causes the predicate to evaluate to true then an IllegalArgumentException is thrown .
The following example prompts the user to enter a number and prints the name of that number only for 1 , 2 and 3 .
Otherwise , it prints " unexpected value " .
After that , it examines the type of the local binding " value " .
If it is a Number , it prints the number times two .
If it is a String , it prints the length of the string times two .
( print " Enter a number : " ) ( flush ) ; stays in a buffer otherwise ( let [ reader ( java.io.BufferedReader .
* in* ) ; stdin line ( .readLine reader ) value ( try ( Integer / parseInt line ) ( catch NumberFormatException e line ) ) ] ; use string value if not integer ( println ( condp = value 1 " one " 2 " two " 3 " three " ( str " unexpected value , \ " " value \ " ) ) ) ( println ( condp instance ?
value Number (* value 2 ) String (* ( count value ) 2 ) ) ) )
The cond macro takes any number of predicate / result expression pairs .
It evaluates the predicates in order until one evaluates to true and then returns the corresponding result .
If none evaluate to true then an IllegalArgumentException is thrown .
Often the predicate in the last pair is simply true to handle all remaining cases .
The following example prompts the user to enter a water temperature .
It then prints whether the water is freezing , boiling or neither .
( print " Enter water temperature in Celsius : " ) ( flush ) ( let [ reader ( java.io.BufferedReader .
* in* ) line ( .readLine reader ) temperature ( try ( Float / parseFloat line ) ( catch NumberFormatException e line ) ) ] ; use string value if not float ( println ( cond ( instance ?
String temperature ) " invalid temperature " ( <= temperature 0 ) " freezing " ( > = temperature 100 ) " boiling " true " neither " ) ) )
Iteration
There are many ways to " loop " or iterate through items in a sequence .
The dotimes macro executes the expressions in its body a given number of times , assigning values from zero to one less than that number to a specified local binding .
If the binding is n't needed ( card - number in the example below ) , an underscore can be used as its placeholder .
For example :
( dotimes [ card - number 3 ] ( println " deal card number " ( inc card - number ) ) ) ; adds one to card - number
Note that the inc function is used so that the values 1 , 2 and 3 are output instead of 0 , 1 and 2 .
The code above produces the following output :
deal card number 1 deal card number 2 deal card number 3
The while macro executes the expressions in its body while a test expression evaluates to true .
The following example executes the while body while a given thread is still running :
( defn my - fn [ ms ] ( println " entered my - fn " ) ( Thread / sleep ms ) ( println " leaving my - fn " ) ) ( let [ thread ( Thread . # ( my - fn 1 ) ) ] (. start thread ) ( println " started thread " ) ( while ( .isAlive thread ) ( print " . " ) ( flush ) ) ( println " thread stopped " ) )
The output from the code above will be similar to the following :
started thread ..... entered my - fn. ............. leaving my - fn. thread stopped
List Comprehension
The for and doseq macros perform list comprehension .
They support iterating through multiple collections ( rightmost collection fastest ) and optional filtering using : when and : while expressions .
The for macro takes a single expression body and returns a lazy sequence of the results .
The doseq macro takes a body containing any number of expressions , executes them for their side effects , and returns nil .
The following examples both output names of some spreadsheet cells working down rows and then across columns .
They skip the " B " column and only use rows that are less than 3 .
Note how the dorun function , described later in the " Sequences " section , is used to force evaluation of the lazy sequence returned by the for macro .
( def cols " ABCD " ) ( def rows ( range 1 4 ) ) ; purposely larger than needed to demonstrate : while ( println " for demo " ) ( dorun ( for [ col cols : when ( not= col \ B ) row rows : while ( < row 3 ) ] ( println ( str col row ) ) ) ) ( println "
doseq demo " ) ( doseq [ col cols : when ( not = col \ B ) row rows : while ( < row 3 ) ] ( println ( str col row ) ) )
The code above produces the following output :
for demo A1 A2 C1 C2 D1 D2 doseq demo A1 A2 C1 C2 D1 D2
The loop special form , as its name suggests , supports looping .
It and its companion special form recur are described in the next section .
Recursion
Recursion occurs when a function invokes itself either directly or indirectly through another function that it calls .
Common ways in which recursion is terminated include checking for a collection of items to become empty or checking for a number to reach a specific value such as zero .
The former case is often implemented by successively using the next function to process all but the first item .
The latter case is often implemented by decrementing a number with the dec function .
Recursive calls can result in running out of memory if the call stack becomes too deep .
Some programming languages address this by supporting " tail call optimization " ( TCO ) .
Java does n't currently support TCO and neither does Clojure .
One way to avoid this issue in Clojure is to use the loop and recur special forms .
Another way is to use the trampoline function .
The loop / recur idiom turns what looks like a recursive call into a loop that does n't consume stack space .
The loop special form is like the let special form in that they both establish local bindings , but it also establishes a recursion point that is the target of calls to recur .
The bindings specified by loop provide initial values for the local bindings .
Calls to recur cause control to return to the loop and assign new values to its local bindings .
The number of arguments passed to recur must match the number of bindings in the loop .
Also , recur can only appear as the last call in the loop .
( defn factorial - 1 [ number ] " computes the factorial of a positive integer in a way that does n't consume stack space " ( loop [ n number factorial 1 ] ( if ( zero ? n ) factorial ( recur ( dec n ) ( * factorial n ) ) ) ) ) ( println ( time ( factorial - 1 5 ) ) ) ; ->
" Elapsed time : 0.071 msecs "
120
The defn macro , like the loop special form , establishes a recursion point .
The recur special form can also be used as the last call in a function to return to the beginning of that function with new arguments .
Another way to implement the factorial function is to use the reduce function .
This was described back in the " Collections " section .
It supports a more functional , less imperative style .
Unfortunately , in this case , it is less efficient .
Note that the range function takes a lower bound that is inclusive and an upper bound that is exclusive .
( defn factorial - 2 [ number ] ( reduce * ( range 2 ( inc number ) ) ) ) ( println ( time ( factorial - 2 5 ) ) ) ; ->
" Elapsed time : 0.335 msecs "
120
The same result can be obtained by replacing reduce with apply , but that takes even longer .
This illustrates the importance of understanding the characteristics of functions when choosing between them .
The recur special form is n't suitable for mutual recursion where a function calls another function which calls back to the original function .
The trampoline function , not covered here , does support mutual recursion .
Predicates
Clojure provides many functions that act as predicates , used to test a condition .
They return a value that can be interpreted as true or false .
The values false and nil are interpreted as false .
The value true and every other value , including zero , are interpreted as true .
Predicate functions usually have a name that ends in a question mark .
Reflection involves obtaining information about an object other than its value , such as its type .
There are many predicate functions that perform reflection .
Predicate functions that test the type of a single object include :
class ? , coll ? , decimal ? , delay ? , float ? , fn ? , instance ? , integer ? , isa ? , keyword ? , list ? , macro ? , map ? , number ? , seq ? , set ? , string ?
and vector ? .
Some non-predicate functions that perform reflection include ancestors , bases , class , ns-publics and parents .
Predicate functions that test relationships between values include : < , , = , not= , == , > , >= , compare , distinct ?
and identical ? .
Predicate functions that test logical relationships include : and , or , not , true ? , false ?
and nil ?
Predicate functions that test sequences , most of which were discussed earlier , include : empty ? , not -empty , every ? , not - every ? , some and not -any ? .
Predicate functions that test numbers include : even ? , neg ? , odd ? , pos ? and zero ? .
Sequences
Sequences are logical views of collections .
Many things can be treated as sequences .
These include Java collections , Clojure - specific collections , strings , streams , directory structures and XML trees .
Many Clojure functions return a lazy sequence .
This is a sequence whose items can be the result of function calls that are n't evaluated until they are needed .
A benefit of creating a lazy sequence is that it is n't necessary to anticipate how many items in it will actually be used at the time the sequence is created .
Examples of functions and macros that return lazy sequences include : cache - seq , contact , cycle / code > , distinct , drop , drop - last , drop - while , filter , for , interleave , interpose , iterate , lazy - cat , lazy - seq , line - seq , map , partition , range , re-seq , remove , repeat , replicate , take , take - nth , take - while and tree - seq .
Lazy sequences are a common source of confusion for new Clojure developers .
For example , what does the following code output ?
( map #( println % ) [ 1 2 3 ] )
When run in a REPL , this outputs the values 1 , 2 and 3 on separate lines interspersed with a sequence of three nil s which are the return values from three calls to the println function .
The REPL always fully evaluates the results of the expressions that are entered .
However , when run as part of a script , nothing is output by this code .
This is because the map function returns a lazy sequence containing the results of applying its first argument function to each of the items in its second argument collection .
The documentation string for the map function clearly states that it returns a lazy sequence .
There are many ways to force the evaluation of items in a lazy sequence .
Functions that extract a single item such as first , second , nth and last do this .
The items in the sequence are evaluated in order , so items before the one requested are also evaluated .
For example , requesting the last item causes every item to be evaluated .
If the head of a lazy sequence is held in a binding , once an item has been evaluated its value is cached so it is n't reevaluated if requested again .
The dorun and doall functions force the evaluation of items in a single lazy sequence .
The doseq macro , discussed earlier in the " Iteration " section , forces the evaluation of items in one or more lazy sequences .
The for macro , discussed in that same section , does not force evaluation and instead returns another lazy sequence .
Using doseq or dorun is appropriate when the goal is to simply cause the side effects of the evaluations to occur .
The results of the evaluations are not retained , so less memory is consumed .
They both return nil .
Using doall is appropriate when the evaluation results need to be retained .
It holds the head of the sequence which causes the results to be cached and it returns the evaluated sequence .
The table below illustrates the options for forcing the evaluation of items in a lazy sequence .
Retain evaluation results Discard evaluation results and only cause side effects Operate on a single sequence
doall
dorun
Operate on any number of sequences
with list comprehension syntax N/ A doseq
The doseq macro is typically preferred over the dorun function because the code is easier to read .
It is also faster because a call to map inside dorun creates another sequence .
For example , the following lines both produce the same output :
( dorun ( map #( println % ) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ( doseq [ i [ 1 2 3 ] ] ( println i ) )
If a function creates a lazy sequence that will have side effects when its items are evaluated , in most cases it should force the evaluation of the sequence with doall and return its result .
This makes the timing of the side effects more predictable .
Otherwise callers could evaluate the lazy sequence any number of times resulting in the side effects being repeated .
The following expressions all output 1 , 2 , 3 on separate lines , but they have different return values .
The do special form is used here to implement an anonymous function that does more than one thing , print the value passed in and return it .
( doseq [ item [ 1 2 3 ] ] ( println item ) ) ; -> nil ( dorun ( map #( println % ) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ; -> nil ( doall ( map #( do ( println % ) %) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ; -> ( 1 2 3 )
Lazy sequences make it possible to create infinite sequences since all the items do n't need to be evaluated .
For example :
( defn f " square the argument and divide by 2 " [ x ] ( println " calculating f of " x ) (/ (* x x ) 2.0 ) ) ;
Create an infinite sequence of results from the function f ; for the values 0 through infinity .
;
Note that the head of this sequence is being held in the binding " f- seq " .
;
This will cause the values of all evaluated items to be cached .
( def f-seq ( map f ( iterate inc 0 ) ) ) ;
Force evaluation of the first item in the infinite sequence , ( f 0 ) . ( println " first is " ( first f- seq ) ) ; ->
0.0 ; Force evaluation of the first three items in the infinite sequence .
; Since the ( f 0 ) has already been evaluated , ; only ( f 1 ) and ( f 2 ) will be evaluated .
( doall ( take 3 f- seq ) ) ( println ( nth f- seq 2 ) ) ; uses cached result -> 2.0
Here 's a variation on the previous code that does not hold the head of the lazy sequence in a binding .
Note how the sequence is defined as the result of a function rather than the value of a binding .
The results for evaluated items are not cached .
This reduces memory requirements , but is less efficient when items are requested more than once .
( defn f- seq [ ] ( map f ( iterate inc 0 ) ) ) ( println ( first ( f - seq ) ) ) ; evaluates ( f 0 ) , but does n't cache result ( println ( nth ( f - seq ) 2 ) ) ; evaluates ( f 0 ) , ( f 1 ) and ( f 2 )
Another way to avoid holding the head of a lazy sequence in a binding is to pass the lazy sequence directly to a function that will evaluate its items .
For example :
( defn consumer [ seq ] ; Since seq is a local binding , the evaluated items in it ; are cached while in this function and then garbage collected .
( println ( first seq ) ) ; evaluates ( f 0 ) ( println ( nth seq 2 ) ) ) ; evaluates ( f 1 ) and ( f 2 ) ( consumer ( map f ( iterate inc 0 ) ) )
Input / Output
Clojure provides a minimal set of functions that perform I /O operations .
Since Java classes are easy to use from Clojure code , the classes in the java .
io package can be used directly .
However , the clojure .
java.io library makes many uses of those classes easier .
The predefined , special symbols * in* , * out * and * err* are set to stdin , stdout and stderr by default .
To flush buffered output in * out* , use ( flush ) which is the same as ( . flush * out * ) .
The bindings for these symbols can be modified .
For example , to redirect output that goes to stdout by default so it goes to a file named " my.log " , surround the code to be affected as follows :
( binding [ * out* ( java.io. FileWriter . " my.log " ) ] ... ( println " This goes to the file my.log . " ) ... ( flush ) )
The print function prints the string representation of any number of objects , with a space between each one , to the stream in the special symbol * out * .
The println function is like print , but it outputs a newline character at the end .
By default , it also flushes its output .
This can be changed by binding the special symbol * flush - on - newline * to false .
The newline function writes a newline character to the stream in * out* .
Calling print followed by newline is equivalent to println .
The pr and prn functions are like their print and println counterparts , but their output is in a form that can be read by the Clojure reader .
They are suitable for serializing Clojure data structures .
By default , they do not print metadata .
This can be changed by binding the special symbol * print - meta * to true .
The following examples demonstrate all four of the printing functions .
Note how the output for strings and characters differs depending on whether the print or pr functions are used .
( let [ ob j1 " foo " ob j2 {:letter \a : number ( Math / PI ) } ] ; a map ( println " Output from print : " ) ( print obj1 ob j2 ) ( println " Output from println : " ) ( println obj1 obj2 ) ( println " Output from pr : " ) ( pr obj1 ob j2 ) ( println " Output from prn : " ) ( prn obj1 obj2 ) )
The code above produces the following output :
Output from print : foo {:letter a , : number 3.141592653589793
}Output from println : foo {:letter a , : number 3.141592653589793}
Output from pr : " foo " {:letter \a , : number 3.141592653589793
}Output from prn : " foo " {:letter \a , : number 3.141592653589793}
All the printing functions discussed above add a space between the output of their arguments .
The str function can be used to avoid this .
It concatenates the string representations of its arguments .
For example :
( println " foo " 19 ) ; -> foo 19 ( println ( str " foo " 19 ) ) ; -> foo19
The print - str , println - str , pr-str and prn-str functions are similar to their print , println , pr and prn counterparts , but they print to a string that is returned instead of printing to * out* .
The printf function is similar to print , but uses a format string .
The format function is similar to printf , but prints to a string that is returned instead of printing to * out * .
The with - out - str macro captures the output from all the expressions in its body in a string and returns it .
The with - open macro takes any number of bindings to objects on which .close should be called after the expressions in its body are executed .
It is ideal for processing resources such as files and database connections .
The line - seq function takes a java.io .
BufferedReader and returns a lazy sequence of all the lines of text in it .
The significance of returning a " lazy " sequence is that it does n't really read all of the lines when it is called .
That could consume too much memory .
Instead it reads a line each time one is requested from the lazy sequence .
The following example demonstrates both with - open and line - seq .
It reads all the lines in a file and prints those that contain a given word .
( use '[ clojure.java.io :only ( reader ) ] ) ( defn print - if - contains [ line word ] ( when ( .contains line word ) ( println line ) ) ) ( let [ file " story. txt " word " fur " ] ; with - open will close the reader after ; evaluating all the expressions in its body .
( with - open [ rdr ( reader file ) ] ( doseq [ line ( line - seq rdr ) ] ( print - if - contains line word ) ) ) )
The slurp function reads the entire contents of a file into a string and returns it .
The spit function writes a string to a given file and closes it .
This article only scratches the surface of what the core and java .
io libraries provide .
It 's a worthwhile investment to read through the file clojure / java / io.clj to learn about the other functions it defines .
Destructuring
Destructuring can be used in the parameter list of a function or macro to extract parts of collections into local bindings .
It can also be used in bindings created using the let special form and the binding macro .
For example , suppose we want a function that takes a list or vector and returns the sum of its first and third items .
( defn approach1 [ numbers ] ( let [ n1 ( first numbers ) n3 ( nth numbers 2 ) ] ( + n 1 n 3 ) ) ) ;
Note the underscore used to represent the ; second item in the collection which is n't used .
( defn approach2 [ [ n1 _ n 3 ] ] (+ n 1 n3 ) ) ( approach1 [ 4 5 6 7 ] ) ; -> 10 ( approach2 [ 4 5 6 7 ] ) ; -> 10
The ampersand character can be used with destructuring to capture the remaining items in a collection .
For example :
( defn name - summary [ [ name1 name2 & others ] ] ( println ( str name1 " , " name2 ) " and " ( count others ) " others " ) ) ( name - summary [ " Moe " " Larry " " Curly " " Shemp " ] ) ; ->
Moe , Larry and 2 others
The :as keyword can be used to retain access to the entire collection that is being destructured .
Suppose we want a function that takes a list or vector and returns the sum of the first and third items divided by the sum of all the items .
( defn first - and - third - percentage [ [ n1 _ n3 : as coll ] ] (/ (+ n 1 n3 ) ( apply + coll ) ) ) ( first - and - third - percentage [ 4 5 6 7 ] ) ; ratio reduced from 10 / 22 -> 5/11
Destructuring can also be used to extract values from maps .
Suppose we want a function that takes a map of sales figures where each key is a month and each value is the sales total for that month .
The function sums the sales for summer months and divides by the sales for all the months to determine the percentage of all sales that occurred in the summer .
( defn summer - sales - percentage ; The keywords below indicate the keys whose values ; should be extracted by destructuring .
;
The non-keywords are the local bindings ; into which the values are placed .
[ {june : june july : july august : august : as all} ] ( let [ summer - sales (+ june july august ) all - sales ( apply + ( vals all ) ) ] ( / summer - sales all - sales ) ) ) ( def sales { : january 100 : february 200 : march 0 : april 300 : may 200 : june 100 : july 400 : august 500 : september 200 : october 300 : november 400 : december 600} ) ( summer - sales - percentage sales ) ; ratio reduced from 1000/3300 -> 10/33
It is common when destructuring maps to use local binding names whose names match corresponding keys .
For example , in the code above we used {june : june july : july august : august : as all} .
This can be simplified using : keys .
For example , {: keys [ june july august ] : as all} .
Namespaces
Java groups methods in classes and classes in packages .
Clojure groups things that are named by symbols in namespaces .
These include Vars , Refs , Atoms , Agents , functions , macros and namespaces themselves .
Symbols are used to assign names to functions , macros and bindings .
Symbols are partitioned into namespaces .
There is always a current default namespace , initially set to " user " , and it is stored in the special symbol * ns* .
The default namespace can be changed in two ways .
The in - ns function merely changes it .
The ns macro does that and much more .
One extra thing it does is make all the symbols in the clojure .
core namespace available in the new namespace ( using refer which is described later ) .
Other features of the ns macro are described later .
The " user " namespace provides access to all the symbols in the clojure .
core namespace .
The same is true of any namespace that is made the default through use of the ns macro .
In order to access items that are not in the default namespace they must be namespace - qualified .
This is done by preceding a name with a namespace name and a slash .
For example , the clojure . string library defines the join function .
It creates a string by concatenating a given separator string between the string representation of all the items in a sequence .
The namespace - qualified name of this function is clojure .
string / join .
The require function loads Clojure libraries .
It takes one or more quoted namespace names .
For example :
( require ' clojure.string )
This merely loads the library .
Names in it must still be namespace - qualified in order to refer to them .
Note that namespace names are separated from a name with a slash , whereas Java package names are separated from a class name with a period .
For example :
( clojure.string /join " $ " [ 1 2 3 ] ) ; -> " 1$ 2$3 "
The alias function creates an alias for a namespace to reduce the amount of typing required to namespace - qualify symbols .
Aliases are defined and only known within the current namespace .
For example :
( alias ' su ' clojure.string ) ( su/join " $ " [ 1 2 3 ] ) ; -> " 1$ 2$ 3 "
The refer function makes all the symbols in a given namespace accessible in the current namespace without namespace - qualifying them .
An exception is thrown if a name in the given namespace is already defined in the current namespace .
For example :
( refer ' clojure.string )
Now the previous code can be written as :
( join " $ " [ 1 2 3 ] ) ; -> " 1$ 2$3 "
The combination of require and refer is used often , so the shortcut function use is provided to do both .
( use ' clojure.string )
The ns macro , mentioned earlier , changes the default namespace .
It is typically used at the top of a source file .
It supports the directives : require , :use and : import ( for importing Java classes ) that are alternatives to using their function forms .
Using these is preferred over using their function forms .
In the example below , note the use of :as to create an alias for a namespace .
Also note the use of : only to load only part of a Clojure library .
( ns com.ociweb.demo ( : require [ clojure . string : as su ] ) ; assumes this dependency : [ org.clojure/math.numeric-tower " 0.0.1 " ] ( : use [ clojure.math.numeric - tower :only ( gcd , sqrt ) ] ) ( : import ( java.text NumberFormat ) ( javax.swing JFrame JLabel ) ) ) ( println ( su/join " $ " [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ; ->
1$ 2$3 ( println ( gcd 27 72 ) ) ; -> 9 ( println ( sqrt 5 ) ) ; -> 2.23606797749979 ( println ( .format ( NumberFormat / getInstance ) Math / PI ) ) ; ->
3.142 ; See the screenshot that follows this code .
( doto ( JFrame .
" Hello " ) ( .add ( JLabel .
" Hello , World ! " ) ) ( . pack ) ( .setDefaultCloseOperation JFrame/EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) (.setVisible true ) )
The create - ns function creates a new namespace , but does n't make it the default .
The def function defines a symbol in the default namespace with an optional initial value .
The intern function defines a symbol in a given namespace ( if the symbol does n't already exist ) and optionally gives it an initial value .
Note that the symbol name needs to be quoted for intern , but not for def .
This is because def is a special form that does n't evaluate all of its arguments , whereas intern is a function , which means it evaluates all of its arguments .
For example :
( def foo 1 ) ( create - ns ' com.ociweb.demo ) ( intern ' com.ociweb.demo ' foo 2 ) ( println ( + foo com.ociweb.demo/foo ) ) ; -> 3
The ns-interns function returns a map containing all the symbols defined in a given , currently loaded namespace .
The map has keys that are Symbol objects for the names and values which are Var objects representing functions , macros and bindings .
For example :
( ns-interns ' clojure.math.numeric -tower )
The all - ns function returns a sequence of the currently loaded namespaces .
The following namespaces are loaded by default when a Clojure program is run : clojure.core , clojure.main , clojure.set , clojure.xml , clojure.zip and user .
The following additional namespaces are loaded by default in a REPL : clojure .repl and clojure.java.javadoc .
The namespace function returns the namespace of a given symbol or keyword .
Other namespace related functions not discussed here include ns - aliases , ns - imports , ns - map , ns - name , ns- publics , ns - refers , ns-unalias , ns -unmap and remove - ns .
Some Fine Print
A Symbol object has a String name and a String namespace name ( called ns ) , but no value .
The fact that it uses a String namespace name instead of a Namespace object reference allows it to be in a namespace that does n't yet exist .
A Var objects has references to a Symbol object ( called sym ) , a Namespace object ( called ns ) and an Object object which is its " root value " ( called root ) .
Namespace objects have a reference to a Map that holds associations between Symbol objects and Var objects ( named mappings ) .
They also have a reference to a Map that holds associations between Symbol aliases and Namespace objects ( called namespaces ) .
See the class diagram below which shows a small subset of the attributes and key relationships between the Java classes and interfaces in the Clojure implementation .
In Clojure , the term " interning " typically refers to adding a Symbol - to - Var mapping to a Namespace .
Metadata
Clojure metadata is data attached to a symbol or collection that is not related to its logical value .
Two objects that are logically equal , such as two cards that are both the king of clubs , can have different metadata .
For example , metadata can be used to indicate whether a card is bent .
For the purpose of most card games , the fact that a card is bent has no bearing on the value of the card .
( defstruct card - struct : rank : suit ) ( def card1 ( struct card - struct : king : club ) ) ( def card2 ( struct card - struct : king : club ) ) ( println ( == card1 card2 ) ) ; same identity ? -> false ( println ( = card1 card2 ) ) ; same value ? -> true ( def card2 ^{: bent true} card2 ) ; adds metadata at read - time ( def card2 ( with - meta card2 { : bent true} ) ) ; adds metadata at run-time ( println ( meta card1 ) ) ; -> nil ( println ( meta card2 ) ) ; -> { : bent true} ( println ( = card1 card2 ) ) ; still same value despite metadata diff . -> true
Some metadata names have a designated use in Clojure .
: private has a boolean value that indicates whether access to a Var is restricted to the namespace in which it is defined .
: doc is a documentation string for a Var. : test has a boolean value that indicates whether a function that takes no arguments is a test function .
: tag is a string class name or a Class object that describes the Java type of a Var or the return type of a function .
These are referred to as " type hints " .
Providing them can improve performance .
To see where in your code Clojure is using reflection to determine types , and therefore taking a performance hit , set the global variable * warn - on - reflection * to true .
Some metadata is automatically attached to Vars by the Clojure compiler .
: file is the string name of the file that defines the Var. : line is the integer line number within the file where the Var is defined .
: name is a Symbol that provides a name for the Var. : ns is a Namespace object that describes the namespace in which the Var is defined .
: macro is a boolean that indicates whether a Var is a macro as opposed to a function or binding .
: arglist is a list of vectors where each vector describes the names of the parameters a function accepts .
Recall that a function can have more than one parameter list and body .
Functions and macros , both represented by a Var object , have associated metadata .
For example , enter the following in a REPL : ( meta ( var reverse ) ) .
The output will be similar to the following , but on a single line :
{ :ns # < Namespace clojure.core > , : name reverse , : file " core.clj " , : line 630 , :arglists ( [ coll ] ) , : doc " Returns a seq of the items in coll in reverse order .
Not lazy . " }
The source macro , in the clojure .
repl library , uses this metadata to retrieve the source code for a given function or macro .
For example :
( source reverse )
The code above produces the following output :
( defn reverse " Returns a seq of the items in coll in reverse order .
Not lazy . " [ coll ] ( reduce conj nil coll ) )
Macros
Macros are used to add new constructs to the language .
They are code that generates code at read - time .
While functions always evaluate all their arguments , macros can decide which of their arguments will be evaluated .
This is important for implementing forms like ( if condition then - exprelse - expr ) .
If the condition is true , only the " then " expression should be evaluated .
If the condition is false , only the " else " expression should be evaluated .
This means that if cannot be implemented as a function ( it is in fact a special form , not a macro ) .
Other forms that must be implemented as macros for this reason include and and or because they need to " short - circuit " .
To determine whether a given operation is implemented as a function or a macro , either enter ( doc name ) in a REPL or examine its metadata .
If it is a macro then the metadata will contain a : macro key with a value of true .
For example , to determine this for and , enter the following code in a REPL :
( ( meta ( var and ) ) : macro ) ; long way -> true ( ( meta #' and ) : macro ) ; slightly shorter way -> true
Let 's walk through some examples of writing and using macros .
Suppose there are many places in our code that need to take different actions based on whether a number is really close to zero , negative or positive .
We want to avoid code duplication .
This must be implemented as a macro instead of a function because only one of the three actions should be evaluated .
The defmacro macro defines a macro .
( defmacro around - zero [ number negative - expr zero - expr positive - expr ] `( let [ number # ~ number ] ; so number is only evaluated once ( cond ( < ( Math / abs number # ) 1e - 15 ) ~ zero- expr ( pos? number# ) ~ positive - expr true ~ negative - expr ) ) )
The Reader expands calls to the around - zero macro into a call to the let special form .
That contains a call to the cond function whose arguments are its conditions and return values .
The let special form is used here for efficiency in the event that the first parameter , number , is passed as an expression instead of a simple value .
It evaluates number once and then uses its value in two places within the cond .
The auto - gensym number # is used to generate a unique symbol name so there is no chance the binding name can conflict with that of another symbol .
This enables the creation of hygienic macros .
The back - quote ( a.k.a. syntax quote ) at the beginning of the macro definition prevents everything inside from being evaluated unless it is unquoted .
This means the contents will appear literally in the expansion , except items preceded by a tilde ( in this case , number , zero - expr , positive - expr and negative - expr ) .
When a symbol name is preceded by a tilde inside a syntax quoted list , its value is substituted .
Bindings in syntax quoted lists whose values are sequences can be preceded by ~@ to substitute their individual items .
Here are two example uses of this macro where the expected output is " + " .
( around - zero 0.1 ( println " - " ) ( println " 0 " ) ( println " + " ) ) ( println ( around- zero 0.1 " - " " 0 " " + " ) ) ; same thing
To execute more than one form for one of the cases , wrap them in a do form .
For example , if the number represented a temperature and we had a log function to write to a log file , we might write this :
( around - zero 0.1 ( do ( log " really cold ! " ) ( println " - " ) ) ( println " 0 " ) ( println " + " ) )
To verify that this macro is expanded properly , enter the following in a REPL :
( macroexpand - 1 '( around - zero 0.1 ( println " - " ) ( println " 0 " ) ( println " + " ) ) )
This will output the following on a single line without the indentation :
( clojure.core / let [ number__3382__auto__ 0.1 ] ( clojure.core / cond ( clojure.core / < ( Math / abs number__3382__auto__ ) 1.0E - 15 ) ( println " 0 " ) ( clojure.core/pos ? number__3382__auto__ ) ( println " + " ) true ( println " - " ) ) )
Here 's a function that uses the macro to return a word describing a number .
( defn number - category [ number ] ( around - zero number " negative " " zero " " positive " ) )
Here are some example uses .
( println ( number - category - 0.1 ) ) ; -> negative ( println ( number - category 0 ) ) ; -> zero ( println ( number - category 0.1 ) ) ; -> positive
Since macros do n't evaluate their arguments , unquoted function names can be passed to them and calls to the functions with arguments can be constructed .
Function definitions cannot do this and instead must be passed anonymous functions that wrap calls to functions .
Here 's a macro that takes two arguments .
The first is a function that expects one argument that is a number of radians , such as a trigonometry function .
The second is a number of degrees .
If this were written as a function instead of a macro , we would have to pass # ( Math / sin % ) instead of simply Math / sin for the function .
Note the use of the # suffix to generate unique , local binding names .
This is sometimes necessary to avoid collisions with other bindings .
Both # and ~ must be used inside a syntax quoted list .
( defmacro trig -y - category [ fn degrees ] `( let [ radians # ( Math / toRadians ~ degrees ) result # ( ~ fn radians # ) ] ( number - category result # ) ) )
Let 's try it .
The expected output from the code below is " zero " , " positive " , " zero " and " negative " .
( doseq [ angle ( range 0 360 90 ) ] ; 0 , 90 , 180 and 270 ( println ( trig - y - category Math / sin angle ) ) )
Macro names cannot be passed as arguments to functions .
For example , a macro name such as and cannot be passed to the reduce function .
A workaround is to define an anonymous function that calls the macro .
For example , ( fn [ x y ] ( and x y ) ) or #( and % 1 % 2 ) .
The macro is expanded inside the anonymous function body at read - time .
When this function is passed to another function such as reduce , a function object rather than a macro name is passed .
Macro calls are processed at read - time .
Concurrency
Wikipedia has a great definition of concurrency : " Concurrency is a property of systems in which several computations are executing and overlapping in time , and po
NSW Police have seized cannabis and methamphetamine as well as a rifle , a crossbow and a slingshot in raids on three houses on the state 's southern border .
After a seven - month investigation , police arrested five people in Lavington , Springdale Heights and Wodonga on Wednesday .
A 31 - year - old Springdale Heights woman has been charged with 17 counts of supplying or possessing a prohibited drug and is due to appear in Albury Local Court on July 14 .
A 52 - year - old Wodonga woman has been charged with drug and firearm offences , a 33 - year - old Lavington woman has been charged with possessing and cultivating a prohibited drug , a 31 - year - old Lavington man has been charged with possessing a prohibited drug , and a 36 - year - old Springdale Heights man has been charged with possessing a prohibited drug .
AAP
Here 's how most games are made : idea is pitched to publisher , publisher likes idea , risks millions of dollars funding said idea .
Most of those risks end up as busts .
So is there a better way of doing things ?
Advertisement
Valve like to think so .
Company boss Gabe Newell has said that , rather than allow conservative publishers to dictate the kind of content that 's published , that decision should rest instead with you .
The customer .
One of the areas that I am super interested in right now is how we can do financing from the community .
So right now , what typically happens is you have this budget - it needs to be huge , it has to be $ 10 m - $ 30 m , and it has to be all available at the beginning of the project .
There 's a huge amount of risk associated with those dollars and decisions have to be incredibly conservative .
What I think would be much better would be if the community could finance the games .
In other words , ‘ Hey , I really like this idea you have .
I 'll be an early investor in that and , as a result , at a later point I may make a return on that product , but I 'll also get a copy of that game . '
So move financing from something that occurs between a publisher and a developer …
Instead have it be something where funding is coming out of community for games and game concepts they really like .
Advertisement
May not be entirely practical for AAA games , whose budgets can run into the tens of millions , but for smaller games - or even a demo for a larger game - hey , why not , this could totally work .
Gabe Newell - Valve Software [ Good Game , via Kotaku AU ]
Welcome to the Slippery Slope
As Common as Murder
Industry Ethics
A Legal Quagmire
Forget the Kids
You know , I used to laugh at the term " murder simulator " when it was bandied about by knee - jerk opponents of video game violence some years ago .
Preposterous , I said : video games are video games -- easily distinguishable from reality , and reasonable people know the difference between fantasy and reality .
That was in theandera , where the violence seemed cartoonish .
And I love those games .
Then I played .
For the first time , hell started to freeze over , and I found myself beginning to understand the critics ' point of view .
As real - time computer graphics inch ever closer to absolute photorealism ( which some industry professionals believe to be no more than 10 - 15 years away ) , violent video game critics ' arguments are slowly beginning to look more sane .
And yes , you 're reading this from a life - long video game fan who staunchly opposes institutional artistic censorship .
But censorship is peanuts compared to the conundrums we 'll be facing in the future with our favorite hobby .
Once our computer simulations of the real world ( still called , somewhat quaintly , " video games " ) begin to effectively duplicate reality , the issue of video game violence wo n't be a matter of artistic merit or censorship anymore .
It will quickly become a matter of morality , ethics , and law .
The coming storm is inevitable : turn one way , and you 'll see ever - more realistic portrayals of graphic , gratuitous human violence in games like , and .
Then turn the other and observe the exponential explosion of computing power and graphics rendering potential driven my Moore 's law .
Put two and two together , and you 've got quite a mess brewing .
Within the next 10 - 20 years , your virtual victims incould look , sound , and behave exactly like a real human would if you stabbed him in the neck or shot him in the gut .
There 'd be plenty of blood , screaming , and carnage to go around .
You could watch as they bleed to death in agony .
The funny thing is -- and I 'm just guessing -- you would n't want to do that in real life to a real human , so why would you want to do that in a video game ?
The violent scenario above seems silly now , but the stunningly realistic , PS3 - era violent games we play today would have seemed unthinkably graphic just fifteen years ago .
At the moment , we rationalize our simulated violence with statements like : " It 's just a game .
It 's not real .
The people do n't suffer . "
All this is true ( at the moment ) ; but as the experience of virtual murder becomes ever more realistic , I believe that we as players will begin to suffer emotionally every time we cause realistic suffering to any virtual person , just as if we caused suffering to real living creatures .
With each act of violence , a piece of us grows cold , calloused , and uncaring towards the well being of others .
Repeat that , and we become slowly desensitized to pain and suffering .
As gamers , we 've already begun desensitizing ourselves to simulated murder , or else we would n't be able to play the violent games we have now .
Games featuring endless killing for points are nearly as old as video games themselves , with ( 1978 ) probably being the most influential .
Back in 1992 , was the most graphically realistic simulation of murder you could find in a video game .
It shocked people ( including the author ) at first .
But as the body count racked up , each Nazi became easier to kill until we no longer had a second thought about the act .
The same desensitizing effect stretches back to every violent video game that pushed the limits of realism -- all the way back the early arcade title ( 1976 ) , where players mowed down human - like " gremlins " with a car .
Today , we see older violent games likeas primitive and cartoonish , but technology did n't stop there .
As the years went by , graphical realism in violent games continued to ratchet up as each generation of software took advantage of the increased computing power available to it .
As violent graphics have grown more convincing , we as a gaming populace continued to de-sensitize in tandem .
Despite leaps and bounds in graphical rendering power , 's kill - everything gameplay stayed the same .
We 're still killing those gremlins and Nazis , but today they look a lot more like people you 'd find on the street .
In fact , due to our continued cultural desensitization toward violence in video games , certain game developers kept pushing the limits culturally thematically with ever more violent , gory , and shocking gameplay than before -- what was once forbidden was forbidden no longer , so it took a greater controversy to get attention .
Thankfully , this quest for controversial violence is not a universal goal of the industry , but there are always the standouts who effectively " push culture forward " by testing the boundaries of what we consider acceptable .
So , for the moment , we 're ok , right ?
Photorealistic graphics are n't here yet , and we continue to justify our violent entertainment by saying " it 's not real . "
But if we 're not careful , we 'll be justifying our consumption of violent games all the way to , say , 2030 when , thanks to photorealistic graphics and improved mind - machine interfaces , the experience of virtual murder may be nigh - but - indistinguishable from reality .
As technology improves , the well - defined boundary between reality and fantasy provided by a TV set and hand controller might evaporate , making the gaming experience less like a game console and more like Star Trek 's holodeck .
( And we need n't wait two decades for that boundary to start blurring : with Microsoft 's Project Natal -- a camera that captures motion with no other peripherals required -- the line between real and virtual is already disappearing . )
If , in this hypothetical future , we 're capable of stripping away our empathy and compassion to murder a 99 % realistic virtual human ( and maybe even enjoy it ) , will we be psychologically any different from people who actually murder those of flesh and blood ?
Having perhaps unintentionally trained ourselves to become cold - blooded killers through systematic desensitization , will we be emotionally capable of doing the same thing in waking life ?
With that kind of realism , we 're not talking Pac - Man blip - bloop video games any more : to give you an idea of what we 're really in for , imagine walking up to someone on the street outside your house and shooting them in the head .
By 2030 , the video game experience of murder could be exactly that realistic -- if we choose to make it that way .
In our modern western society , death is a relatively rare event .
One can live 50 years and know only of a handful of personal friends or family members dying .
Those deaths usually result from an illness that strikes in the later years of life , or occasionally from accident or suicide .
But how many murders have you personally witnessed in your lifetime ?
How many people have you killed ?
When someone kills one real live human , it 's a terrible tragedy that makes the local news .
They usually go to prison for life .
When a crazed gunman shoots down eight of his coworkers , it 's called a massacre , and it stays in the national headlines for months .
Last year , a grand total of 31 real live humans were murdered in Raleigh , NC , my city of 380,000 people .
But that figure is chump change for a video game : just the other day , I murdered 40 virtual people in onesession .
If eight is massacre , then what 's 40 ?
Wholesale slaughter ?
Systematic genocide ?
Every real murder has far - reaching effects that ripple through the fabric of society , tearing apart the lives of both the murderer himself and the victim 's friends and family .
Each murder influences the practice of law and law enforcement and compels people to feel a little less safe and a little more paranoid about their neighbors .
But we simulate the act all the time .
For fun .
Speaking of , it 's not like murder is incidental to the main premise of the game .
The developers have specifically created a virtual world where you are forced to kill realistic humans to succeed .
The fact that you 're inflicting suffering and death upon very realistic humans is a key game mechanic .
That 's a very large part of why it 's supposed to be fun .
Take away that , and you take away the game .
Thesevictims are n't like cartoonishmonsters anymore .
They 're definitely humans , and they look very real .
They talk and rummage about , then run at me and attack .
If I bludgeon them with my wrench , they scream in agony and blood gushes forth until his / her limp body falls to the ground like a rag doll .
To maintain the persistence of reality , that bloody , lifeless body stays where it is on the floor , able to be trampled , pushed , and even bludgeoned further if so desired .'s designers have put a lot of thought into making the experience as realistic as is practical on today 's hardware .
And they should be commended for this technical feat -- is an incredible work of art .
But dagnabbit , it really is one of those once - mythical " murder simulators " we 've been hearing about for years .
This sort of interactive death - as - entertainment is very mainstream ( sold over three million copies , including one to me ) -- but only in the video game world .
Showto a non-gamer -- someone who has n't been desensitized to killing virtual people -- and watch their reaction .
Show them how you bludgeon people to death with a pipe wrench .
If they do n't wince and express some form of shock at what 's taking place on the screen , they 're either seriously disturbed or they 're a seasoned gamer .
Ethics and morals vary by region .
They vary by culture and religion , and they vary from person to person .
Dare I say it , but ethics and morals can be downright arbitrary .
Despite this fact , and despite the wide spectrum of opinion on what is right and wrong , there 's one moral I think most of us can agree with : killing humans is usually bad .
World legal systems made that judgement long ago and codified it in law .
In spite of this , if many popular mainstream video games were your guide , killing humans is also incredibly fun .
Then again , many video games are fun because they let us do many things that are impossible and / or illegal in real life .
But the fact that murder has become a ho - hum event in mainstream video games is something that should make us re-evaluate our hobby .
As a card - carrying member of the human race ( one of those things you 're pretending to kill ) , I can't help but feel that such a profound and tragic event as human murder or even " justified " human killing should be a rare and powerful statement in games , not a common theme .
With the ever - increasing power developers have in their hands to rip apart virtual lives , I think it 's time to re-examine the use of death and killing as a core game mechanic .
Perhaps the public is already beginning to tire of wantonly violent gameplay with its enthusiastic embrace of both casual games and the Nintendo Wii 's lighter fare .
Many players are flocking to innovative , less intense games that make the " hardcore " ( read : " mostly violent and / or realistic " ) gaming world shudder .
If the video and computer game industry does n't begin to show concern over widespread and flippant depictions of realistic human violence , game publishers will soon be asking players to regularly murder scores of astoundingly realistic virtual people , enjoy it , and defend the practice from critics of the art form .
( Actually , they already do , but I digress . )
But the industry should n't be asking this of its loyal fans and customers .
This is not just a financial issue between publishers and their wallets ; it 's an ethical issue that will increasingly affect our laws , culture , and society on a deep level .
But make no mistake : not all violence in video games is bad .
After all , I love , and Monolith 's ( 1997 ) is one of my favorite games .
I alone have been responsible for the deaths of countless thousands of residents of the Mushroom Kingdom over the past two decades .
Despite this , I am reasonably confident in saying that my violent video game escapades have left no lasting damage on my psyche .
Nor do I feel that any violent game play necessarily hurts any of us at this moment .
But if things get as realistic as what I 've mentioned above , they very well might harm us in the future .
My concern centers solely on gratuitous and graphic violence against ultra-realistic virtual humans -- the kind you 'll be seeing more and more of in video games over the next decade .
Some violence will always be necessary in games that portray the human condition .
There are many times when very decent people in our real world have been forced to kill to survive .
It would be a disservice for the exquisite and singular art form that is video games to restrict portrayals of violence or human suffering outright .
If handled properly and sensitively , violence and even murder can be a powerful political , ethical , or artistic statement .
But the use of gratuitous , gory violence against realistic humans as the main point of any game needs reconsideration .
We should start rethinking these issues now before we all slide down the slope together and can't pull ourselves back up again .
Or , even worse , before governments step in and dictate what can and can't be depicted or simulated in video games via legislation .
But then again , if things get as realistic as I 'm predicting , there might not be anything we can do about it .
All this brings us to the question of what we can do -- or what we 'll have to do -- as a society about this fast - approaching issue .
If , as I have postulated , certain video games eventually become so realistic that they convincingly mimic reality , then no self - imposed rating system like the ESRB will cure the problem ( i.e .
It does n't matter if it 's an " adults only " game -- even adults should n't murder realistic virtual people ) .
In 2040 , the only difference between killing a virtual human and a real one might be whether you 're linked to a computer when you do it .
And the virtual humans you kill might very well be representations of real people in a massively multiplayer online world like Second Life , leading to all kinds of confusion between what 's " real " and not .
And we 're not even scratching the surface when it comes to AI that could be close to human - level sentience by then .
As a result , governments might have no choice but to step in and define a legal ethical limit to virtual killing and simulated suffering , opening up a can of worms that will only be untangled through years of difficult deliberation and hand - wringing .
If we come to that , should it be illegal to simulate player imposed suffering of photorealistic humans in video games ?
If so , where do we draw the line with regards to realism ?
For example , BioShock is " OK " now , but how much more realistic will the virtual human 's appearance and behavior have to get before virtual murder is considered genuinely and irreversibly harmful for the player ?
Will it matter if it 's done " by hand and knife " in a holodeck - style brain - machine interface , or if it 's executed through a 10 - button game controller ?
Will it matter if it's a quick death or a slow , drawn - out one ?
Will it matter if the human - killing enacted by the player fits the legal definition of murder or if it is done in self - defense ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I do know that they wo n't come easy , especially if the game industry fights back against government regulation .
As we grow ever closer to 100 % graphical and situational realism in games , hopefully game publishers will decline to encourage the stunningly accurate simulation of gratuitous human suffering .
My concern is not that these violent simulations described will happen ; they probably will at some point .
I 'm concerned that we as an audience will continue to consider gratuitous virtual murder a form of mainstream entertainment .
The kind of violence I 'm describing should be relegated to the bottom , back - corner shelf of any game store -- not by law or punishment , but by consumer demand .
Contemporary opponents of video game violence inevitably mention " the children " and how we need to shield them from evil media like video games .
Yes , 100 % photorealistic violent video games of the future would have a profound impact on children .
But you know what ?
It 's not the kids I 'm worried about .
It 's the adults .
After all , reasonable parents can protect their children from exposure to harmful media , as they ( ahem ) have been doing for decades with movies and TV .
But when adults -- the supposedly responsible people of our world -- find it morally acceptable to enjoy the realistic suffering of others as mainstream entertainment , we have a real problem on our hands .
Obviously , what makes an acceptable game play experience for each player is a personal choice that should be judged on a person - by - person basis ( or on a parent to child basis ) , and I believe it should stay that way .
As for me , I 'm already drawing the line at -- I can barely stomach the game as it is .
Sure , I could play it more and desensitize myself , but I do n't want to .
And that 's just me .
It 's up to you and a million other adult gamers to decide what 's best for yourselves and to draw the line on virtual violence where you feel most comfortable .
And it 's up to the video game industry to recognize exactly where they 're taking us , because quite frankly , it is n't looking good .
The next time you load up your latest , greatest super - gory shooter , stop and think about what you 're doing .
If you were n't already steeped in the video game culture of thematic violence that stretches back to the 1970s , would realistic simulations of human murder likeseem acceptable ?
In case you 've forgotten how a non - gamer thinks , show these violent games to your grandparents , or better yet , a WWII veteran .
You 'll get a better look at the moral compass of people born before the video game generation , and it might make you take a second look at that long , steep slope you 're already sliding down .
Because , honestly , we do n't know how deep it goes .
China ’s New Tang Dynasty Television has obtained a list of the words censored by Baidu.com , China ’s largest search engine , according to reports in The Epoch Times .
The list contains thirteen categories of politically sensitive words , including those related to counterrevolutionary activities , human rights and appeals , the Tiananmen Square Massacre , Falun Gong , ethnic relations , military secrets , and organ harvesting .
The phrase “ Chinese Communist Party ” tops the list of censored search terms .
Other censored phrases include “ end the rule of the Communist Party , ” “ dictatorship , ” “ one - party system , ” “ human rights in China , ” “ tyranny , ” “ ruling government , ” and “ brainwashing . ”
Despite China ’s heavy - handed Internet filtration regime , the large quantity of proxy software allows end -users to circumvent the government - imposed firewall .
Video : Ron Paul with Dylan Ratigan - End the Fed !
This is the best clip of the 3 ...
OF EXTREME IMPORTANCE :
---
Clip : Ratigan And Ron Paul Discuss Goldman Sachs & HR 1207 To Audit The Fed
Dylan Ratigan and Congressman Dr. Ron Paul discuss the Federal Reserve and Paul 's bill ( HR 1207 ) that would grant the GAO permission for a complete audit of the Fed 's balance sheet , including any and all suspect collateral , especially what 's buried inside Maiden Lane .
Tweet Email to a friend ...
Video : Ratigan with Ron Paul & Alan Grayson -- May 3 . 2010
---
New Slideshow - Time Magazine Looks Inside the Private Offices of Fed Chairman Bernanke - Including Photos of Bernanke Growing Up in South Carolina -
These are a Must See
* Microsoft prepares to unveil free anti-virus service
* Will soon put beta version on website
* Company employees testing it internally
* Shares rise 2.1 percent ( Adds Symantec comment , updates shares )
By Jim Finkle
BOSTON , June 10 ( Reuters ) Microsoft Corp MSFT.O is getting ready to unveil a long - anticipated free anti-virus service for personal computers that will compete with products sold by Symantec Corp SYMC.O and McAfee Inc MFE.N .
A Microsoft spokesman said on Wednesday that the world ’s biggest software maker is testing an early version of the product with its own employees .
Microsoft would “ soon ” make a trial version , or product beta , available via its website , he added , but declined to provide a specific date .
Symantec shares fell 0.5 percent on Nasdaq and McAfee fell 1.3 percent on the New York Stock Exchange , while Microsoft was up 2.1 percent .
The Nasdaq composite index .IXIC was down 0.47 percent .
Investors are closely monitoring the free service , code - named Morro after Brazil ’s Morro de Sao Paolo beach , amid concern it could hurt sales of products from Symantec and McAfee , which generate billions of dollars of revenue a year protecting Windows PCs from attacks by hackers .
“ It ’s a long - term competitive threat , ” said Daniel Ives , an analyst with FBR Capital Markets , though he added that the near - term impact was minimal .
Microsoft has said that Morro will offer basic features for fighting a wide range of viruses , which would likely make it comparable to low - end consumer products from Symantec and McAfee that cost about $ 40 per year .
Their top - selling products are security suites that come with features including encryption , firewalls , password protection , parental controls and data backup .
Three years ago , Microsoft entered that market with Live OneCare , which turned out to be a commercial flop .
It announced plans in November to kill that product suite , saying it would launch the free Morro service by the end of 2009 .
Analysts said they are looking forward to Morro ’s beta to see exactly how its features compare to those in products from competitors .
Microsoft has said it will provide protection from several types of malicious software including viruses , spyware , rootkits and trojans .
Officials with Symantec and McAfee have said they do not see Morro as a threat .
“ Microsoft ’s free product is basically a stripped down version of the OneCare product Microsoft pulled from the shelves , ” said Symantec Consumer division president Janice Chaffin .
“ A full Internet security suite is what consumers require today to stay fully protected . ”
Joris Evers , a spokesman for No. 2 security software maker McAfee , said his company is already enjoying strong growth despite competition from free anti-virus products that are on the market .
“ On a level playing field , we are confident in our ability to compete with anyone who might enter the marketplace , ” he said .
A spokeswoman for Trend Micro Inc 4704.T , the No. 3 player , declined to comment .
( Reporting by Jim Finkle ; Editing by Steve Orlofsky , Brian Moss , Richard Chang )
DURHAM , England , June 6 ( UPI ) --
A truck driver and his son were detained Friday after police said they found the deadly poison ricin in a jam jar in their home in northern England .
Ian Davidson , 41 , of Burnopfield in County Durham and his son , Nicky , 18 , were held under the Terrorism Act , The Daily Mail reported .
The house was raided in the early morning by police investigating allegations of a white supremacist plot .
Advertisement
Ricin , extracted from castor beans , is among the deadliest poisons .
It was used in 1978 to kill Georgi Markov , a Bulgarian refugee , who was attacked in London by Bulgarian agents using a pellet gun concealed in an umbrella .
Assistant Chief Constable for Durham Mike Barton said investigators were surprised to find the ricin , although they expected weapons of some sort .
" We believe the people involved to be white supremacist extremists and one of our lines of inquiry was that they were going to target people from ethnic minorities , " he said .
" White supremacists seem to hate an awful lot of people . "
Mexican organized crime relies on gangs inside the United States for distribution and support , US gangs that pose real threats as foot soldiers , informants , tax collectors and assassins for the drug cartels .
The November 2008 - April 2009 federal trial of six members of the Barrio Azteca prison gang was indeed one of revelations : former gang members , policemen and other witnesses testified to the gang ’s inner workings and , most significantly , to its connections to Mexican organized crime .
It was the first time this information had been aired in the public domain ; yet the trial demonstrated only a small slice of the murky world of growing ties between Mexican criminal bosses and street gang foot soldiers doing their bidding north of the border .
The trial solidified what some analysts have argued for years : connections exist between the Barrio Azteca , an El Paso - based prison gang , and top - level members of the Juarez Cartel drug trafficking organization ( DTO ) run by the Carrillo Fuentes family .
The six men were tried in a federal court under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations ( RICO ) Act .
This same legislation was used to dismantle La Cosa Nostra in New York , and has most recently been used by prosecutors in Tennessee and Maryland to break up cliques of the Mara Salvatrucha ( MS - 13 ) .
The trial underlined the very real threat that US gangs pose inside the United States as foot soldiers , informants , tax collectors and assassins for Mexican organized crime .
The Barrio Azteca story
The Barrio Azteca prison gang was formed in 1986 when five inmates in an El Paso prison came together to protect one another inside a threatening environment .
Within ten years the gang had spread to a number of other prisons inside Texas , and had begun relying on a presence on El Paso streets , which grew stronger as some of the original members were released .
By the late 1990s , members of the Barrio Azteca reached out through their connections in Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , and began working with members of “ El Chapo ” Guzman ’s DTO , which became known as the Sinaloa Federation after El Chapo aligned with Ismael “ El Mayo ” Zambada and Vicente Carrillo Fuentes .
By 2003 , the Barrio Azteca had become a major drug trafficking and criminal force in El Paso , attracting the attention of El Paso County Attorney Jose Rodriguez .
“ The police department brought to our attention that Barrio Azteca gang members were engaged in a lot of illicit activities , principally drug dealing , but were also intimidating small businesses on the south side , trying to extort money from them … so the police department wanted to do something to curtail their activities , ” Rodriguez told ISN Security Watch .
With the help of the El Paso police department , Rodriguez gathered enough information to form the legal basis for a civil injunction against 32 members of the Barrio Azteca .
The injunction defined a community safety zone , and specific Barrio Azteca members were not allowed to gather or conduct otherwise legal activities inside the zoned neighborhoods of southern El Paso .
“ These members were prohibited from engaging in a number of activities … from using their cell phones , using gang signs , or their cars , ” Rodriguez said .
The civil court injunction helped reduce crime in southern El Paso by as much as 13 percent , but it did not stop the gang ’s growth on the south side of the border , where it had begun to work closely with the Juarez Cartel .
When El Chapo broke his ties with Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , the leader of the Juarez Cartel , in 2008 , members of the Barrio Azteca chose to remain aligned with Carrillo Fuentes , which remained well entrenched in Ciudad Juarez .
This organization also grew close to Los Zetas , and by the beginning of November 2008 , proof surfaced that members of the Barrio Azteca were working in Juarez .
On 3 November , Mexican police arrested ten members of the Barrio Azteca in Juarez in connection to the murder of at least 12 people .
When they were arrested , the suspects were armed with assault rifles , side arms and communication radios .
According to some analysts , this was a group of hit men preparing for a mission .
This news broke only weeks before the beginning of the Barrio Azteca trial in November 2008 .
By that time , police in El Paso already knew that members of the Barrio Azteca prison gang were in regular contact with members of Los Zetas and the Juarez Cartel .
The trial
The trial against six Barrio Azteca members was successful in part due to the FBI ’s efforts to infiltrate the gang .
Former Barrio Azteca member Josue Aguirre testified that gang members purchased drugs from members of the Carrillo Fuentes DTO at a discounted rate in Juarez , trafficked them across the border , and sold them at wholesale to dealers in El Paso .
These dealers , in turn , had to pay the Barrio Azteca a “ tax ” for the right to sell drugs at the retail level .
Aguirre testified that at one point the Barrio Azteca collected taxes from at least 47 different street - level dealers in El Paso .
Failure to pay the tax resulted in death .
Some of the “ tax ” money went to pay the mid-level members of the Barrio Azteca who received between $ 50 and $ 200 a month .
Some of the money was transferred to bank accounts held by the gang ’s leaders , and the rest was moved back to Juarez to purchase more drugs .
Testimony also revealed that the Barrio Azteca received discounts from the Juarez Cartel in exchange for helping to hide cartel operatives in El Paso , as well as perform the occasional hit against cartel enemies hiding out in Texas .
FBI informant Gustavo “ Tavo ” Gallardo testified that Barrio Azteca leaders sent him to pick up a man who had cheated the Juarez Cartel out of money .
Gallardo kidnapped the man in El Paso and dropped him off at a safe house in another part of the city .
Another team soon arrived to take the man , bound with rope and duct tape , from the safe house to a location across the border in Juarez .
Gallardo said in court that he assumed the man was killed there .
A related case has proven that the Barrio Azteca managed to infiltrate the Public Defender ’s office in El Paso .
Ex-paralegal Sandy Valles
New acted as a “ bridge ” to relay coded letters and phone calls between Barrio Azteca members in prison , and members on the street in El Paso and Juarez .
According to a 19 March El Paso Times article , prosecutors in the case alleged that New passed along information about FBI investigations into the Barrio Azteca to the gang ’s leader in Juarez , Eduardo “ Tablas ” Ravelo .
Ongoing ties
The trial and resulting life sentences handed to some of the Barrio Azteca members has likely interrupted the gang ’s business and communications with the Juarez Cartel .
Some analysts in Texas consider that the gang has decided to lay low until the Mexican military leaves Juarez – currently slated for September 2009 .
“ [ The gang ] has been fractured , broken up , ” one gang investigator in El Paso who asked not to be named told ISN Security Watch .
“ But once you take out the leadership , they just bring new leadership in , ” he said .
Despite its disruptions , the Barrio Azteca is likely to continue working as a stateside distribution network and tactical support structure for Mexican organized crime .
And other gangs such as the Texas Syndicate , the Mara Salvatrucha , the 18th Street , the Latin Kings and the Mexican Mafia have all worked out alliances with one or more organized crime groups .
The trial revealed how the Barrio Azteca has integrated with Mexican organized crime , but , more importantly , it demonstrated how Mexican organized crime relies on gangs inside the US for distribution and support .
– Article from ISN Security Watch on May 18 , 2009 .
As the global swine flu pandemic gathers pace , one question is puzzling scientists .
Why is a small country on the eastern seaboard of the north Atlantic so badly affected ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Britain is among the top half dozen global hot spots for swine flu .
Along with Mexico , where the disease orginated , the US , Canada , Chile , Argentina and Australia , we are leading the way in the battle against the bug .
We have more cases , and more deaths , than any other country in Europe and the pandemic is growing exponentially here , with 55,000 new cases last week , while it is subsiding elsewhere , notably in Mexico .
And because we are in the front line , we are having to learn as we go .
This is not what was expected .
Britain is an island nation , accustomed to the security that living within sea borders brings .
But when it comes to highly pathogenic viruses , even the English channel cannot protect us .
When the pandemic emerged in Mexico last April , spreading first to the US and then across the Atlantic to Britain and Europe , it was thought that , as we were entering our summer , the virus might spread only slowly , giving us a few months grace to prepare for a winter surge .
It has not turned out that way .
The expected winter surge , which may still occur , has been preceded by a summer one .
In the early weeks of the pandemic , last May , Britain and Spain had roughly equivalent numbers of cases .
But as the weeks have passed , Britain has been much harder hit .
By 16 July , we had 9,718 confirmed cases and 14 deaths , nine times more than Spain with 1099 cases and two deaths .
In Germany , France and Italy , the number of cases is still in the hundreds and there have been no recorded deaths .
Confronted with these puzzles , experts respond with a single phrase : the behaviour of the flu virus is very difficult to predict .
Flu repeatedly confounds efforts to understand , and forecast , its course - it behaves in mysterious ways .
Nevertheless , Sir Liam Donaldson , the Government ’s chief medical officer , offered two possible explanations for Britain ’s high rate of swine flu sickness this week .
Our close links with the US , with large numbers of visitors coming and going , made Britain an ideal staging post for the virus to break out from north America .
Heathrow is one of the world ’s busiest international transport hubs and as such is one of the key routes for global viral transmission .
In addition , Sir Liam said , disease surveillance in the UK is exceptionally good .
It may be that we are picking up more cases which in other countries are going undetected .
A further reason , cited by some experts , is that schools close earlier for the summer holidays on the continent and this may have slowed the spread .
The upshot is that the pandemic in Britain may simply be more advanced than in other countries , and they will eventually catch up .
The unpredictability of the virus is re-inforced by its behaviour in the southern hemisphere , which was expected to face the first wave of the pandemic .
But while there are significant epidemics in Australia , Chile and Argentina , there is little evidence of swine flu in South Africa , with just 18 confirmed cases at 6 July .
At the same date , Chile had 7,376 cases and 14 deaths while Argentina had 2,485 cases and 60 deaths .
Some parts of Australia have experienced significant outbreaks , but the overall total ( 5,298 cases at 6 July and 10 deaths ) is still below that in the UK .
And it is mid-winter there .
What will happen next ?
" It is very difficult to predict , " said Allan Hay , the man in the best position to do so - were it possible - as director of the World Health Organisation ’s Influenza Monitoring Centre in mill Hill , north London .
" In Mexico it peaked in late April , and it is supposedly turning down in the US .
It certainly has n’t been escalating in those countries , but nor has it disappeared . "
" In the UK , we anticipate it might peak in a week or two - the closure of schools for the summer holidays may have an impact .
Then we will expect to have a normal flu season in the winter and all the indications are that it will be caused by the pandemic H1N1 virus . "
" We do n’t know if it will replace the seasonal flu virus [ or circulate in parallel with it ] .
In Australia , we have seen most infections caused by the pandemic virus .
That is the usual experience - one virus tends to dominate .
But we are monitoring the situation closely .
Other seasonal viruses may return in the coming years . "
It may be Britain ’s misfortune to be hit first and hit hardest by the world ’s first flu pandemic for 40 years .
On the other hand , if it causes only mild illness this winter , we may be counting our blessings by the following one should the virus mutate to something nastier .
What does n’t kill us , makes us stronger .
New Jersey moved one step closer to legalizing medical marijuana today ,
according to a Star - Ledger report .
A state Assembly committee has approved legislation that would allow severely ill patients to purchase and use the drug .
The Assembly proposal put much stricter limits on who may grow , distribute and obtain marijuana than a Senate version of the bill .
Only licensed centers would be allowed to produce and dispense the drug to patients whose doctors recommend using it to ease pain , improve mobility or control nausea , Committee Chairman Herb Conaway ( D - Burlington ) said .
The state Senate voted in February to legalize marijuana for medical use .
If New Jersey legalizes medical marijuana , it would become the nation 's 14th state to do so .
What do you think ?
Should medical marijuana be legal in New Jersey ?
Post a comment .
RELATED STORIES :
Liberian refugees who have fled the war - torn nation say the rape of an 8 - year - old girl in Phoenix is a horrifying case of families trying to escape violence in their own country only to find it again in their new home .
The attack , which police say was committed by four young Liberian boys , also exposed the darkest sides of the country 's long civil war .
Boys were recruited to rape , kill and torture , and experts and government leaders said sexual violence remains a challenge as the West African country rebuilds .
The assault also has revealed cultural attitudes about women and assault victims that could take a generation to change .
Rape was n't even outlawed in Liberia until 2006 , and victims are still made to feel shameful and even complicit in the attacks on them , aid workers say .
Phoenix police say the local case , which has garnered international attention , is no different .
After the girl was attacked on July 16 in a shed at a Phoenix apartment complex , her parents told police to take her away , saying she had brought shame on the family .
The rape and that reaction have drawn condemnation from child - welfare activists , aid workers and Liberia 's president , who was instrumental in passing laws against rape .
Liberia 's ambassador to the United States , Milton Nathaniel Barnes , said refugees have endured much trauma .
But he said that does not excuse attacking or rejecting an 8 - year - old girl .
" Look , my country is one that has been through quite a bit of trauma , " he told The Arizona Republic .
" And many of the people who are here as refugees are still traumatized after several years , primarily because rape and sexual violence was used as a weapon of war during our crisis .
People are still trying to reconcile their own lives with that .
But to say that someone would disown a child , or blame a child , to me is unfathomable .
" I personally feel that any 8 - year - old that has been subjected to that has to be nurtured , has to be protected and , of course , we have to do everything we can to support and take care of her . "
Raised amid rape
The girl , whom police say was lured into an empty shed with the promise of gum , is in the care of Child Protective Services .
Four boys are charged .
Steven Tuopeh , 14 , will be prosecuted as an adult on charges of kidnapping and sexual assault , according to the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office .
Prosecutors have two weeks to petition Maricopa County Superior Court to transfer the cases of any of the other boys , ages 9 , 10 and 13 , from juvenile court .
Many details remain unclear about when the families of the girl or the four boys accused in the attack settled in Phoenix .
Nearly 1,200 Liberian refugees have settled in Arizona since fleeing the war , which ended in 2003 , and its aftermath , according to the Arizona Refugee Resettlement Program .
Ali Keita , a Liberian who immigrated to the U.S. in 1997 , said many refugees he has worked with lived amid rampant rape and brutal violence in Liberia .
" Most of those boys ( probably ) grew up in very broken family situations , " said Keita , president of the Arizona Mandingo Association , a group that works with African immigrants .
He said many parents found it hard to maintain control over their children 's upbringing as rebel attacks forced them to relocate again and again , but " there is no excuse for the crime , for the behavior " of the four boys .
Tony Weedor , who fled Liberia and now helps efforts to rebuild the country , said the war changed his people in ways he still can't understand .
" It was not like this before the war , " he said .
" Since then , young men who were maybe 7 or 8 when it started , they saw their mothers and sisters raped and killed and then they joined the rebels , did the exact same thing .
There are 60,000 or 70,000 young men who know nothing but looting and killing . "
Weedor co-founded Centerpoint International Foundation , a Colorado - based group that works on behalf of Liberians in their own country and in the United States .
His group does n't re-settle refugees but works with them on occasion .
He said he is saddened when they revert to old behaviors .
" Coming here does n't mean they leave their worldview behind , " he said .
" To live here , when you ran away from violence , and then inflict violence on one another , it 's just depressing . "
' Shame on the family '
Many rape victims in Liberia are children , according to the group Doctors Without Borders , which treats raped girls and women in Liberia .
The group told the New York Times this year that of 275 sexual - violence cases treated from January to April , 28 percent involved children age 4 or younger and 33 percent involved children ages 5 through 12 .
In 2008 , the group said , 70 percent of the rape survivors treated in clinics were children .
Rape remains one of the most - reported crimes in Liberia , according to figures provided by its government .
At the same time , it could be under - reported because so few women want to be subjected to scorn and often more violence .
" Some families do n't call the police because it will bring shame upon the family , which is wrong , " Weedor said .
" They are more concerned with the name of the family than the harm done to the child . "
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf condemned the attack and had equally harsh words for the parents .
" They should help that child who has been traumatized , " she told CNN in an interview Friday .
" This is not a question of shame on the family .
It is the question of an assault on a young child .
That can not be tolerated . "
Liberian authorities have offered assistance to Phoenix police and the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office .
Barnes , the ambassador , said he offered to send a representative from the embassy to help smooth interactions with the families .
" We know for a fact that there may be some concerns with communications , in terms of understanding , " Barnes said .
" These people speak English , yes , but there are certain nuances within the way Liberians express themselves through the English language that we need to make sure is understood . "
Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Andy
Hill said the department appreciates the outreach and will take up the offer if it will help communication .
Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , who for years has worked on legislation supporting crime victims , said the dramatic culture clash complicates American comprehension of the situation in Phoenix .
" It 's practically impossible for us to understand a society which has precisely the opposite idea about who should be blamed and who should feel shame and who should be helped or not helped , " Kyl said Friday at his Phoenix office .
" It 's not just a problem for Liberians .
There are other people with a similar culture that is , frankly , the problem . "
Republic reporters Michael Ferraresi and Maria Polletta contributed to this article .
When Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band performed at the Izod Center in the New Jersey Meadowlands on May 21 , there was one musician conspicuously absent : Max Weinberg , the group ’s drummer for more than three decades .
As Mr. Springsteen tore into his opening number , “ Badlands , ” Mr. Weinberg was on another stage 3,000 miles away , pounding his drum kit through a dress rehearsal of “ The Tonight Show With Conan O’Brien , ” in advance of its debut last Monday on NBC .
The following night Mr. Weinberg boarded a red eye for the East Coast so he could rejoin his E Street band mates , however temporarily , for the second show of that New Jersey stand , which fell on a rare night off from his new duties .
For Mr. Weinberg and the seven other East Coast musicians who have relocated to California along with Mr. O’Brien  including all the founding members of the Max Weinberg 7 , the house band on Mr. O’Brien ’s “ Late Night ” for 16 years  the turnover in hosts ( and bands ) on “ Tonight ” has proved to be both exhilarating and disruptive .
No one has had to make a more prominent transition than Mr. Weinberg , who was replaced that first night in New Jersey by his son , Jay , 18 , who is also substituting for his father on at least the first seven dates that Mr. Springsteen is playing in Europe , on a leg of the tour that began last Saturday in the Netherlands .
While Mr. O’Brien and NBC had previously permitted Mr. Weinberg to take leaves of absence from “ Late Night ” for as many as six months to tour with Mr. Springsteen , the opening weeks of “ Tonight ” were ultimately deemed too important for him to miss .
Men of Peace ?
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Muhammad ended up in the same place as everyone else who rejects Jesus .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Iceland 's government announced on Monday a $ 2.1 billion recapitalization plan for its three leading banks in a major step to resuscitate its troubled financial sector .
The finance ministry in Reykjavik said Monday that it will recapitalize the three new banks -- Islandsbanki , New Kaupthing and New Landsbanki -- created following the collapse of the main Icelandic commercial banks last October .
The government will recapitalize the three banks on August 14 by issuing new government bonds to the banks .
Under the plan , control of two of the three banks will be transferred from the government into private hands .
The total capitalization will amount to approximately 270 billion Icelandic kronur ( $ 2.1 billion ) , the ministry said in a statement posted on its Web site .
Iceland 's finance minister , Steingrímur J. Sigfússon , called the plan " a major step forward in the re-establishment of a strong banking system . "
" They allow for the recapitalization of the banks , potentially at a significantly lower cost to the taxpayer than originally envisaged , " Sigfússon said .
Last October , the estimated capital commitment was 385 billion kronur .
The tiny island nation was plunged into economic chaos late last year when its banks collapsed and its currency plunged .
To stabilize its economy , Iceland was forced to secure a $ 2.1 billion bailout from the International Monetary Fund .
Last week , Iceland 's parliament voted in favor of a government proposal to apply for membership of the European Union .
Two banks will become private
Iceland 's three main commercial banks -- Glitnir , Landsbanki and Kaupthing -- could not refinance themselves last October and were consequently taken into administration by the government .
The finance ministry said Monday that it has conditionally agreed with the resolution committees of Glitnir and Kaupthing that they should have majority ownership of the new banks .
As a result , shares in Islandsbanki and New Kaupthing will be held by Glitnir and Kaupthing , wile the government will continue its involvement through significant capital support and board representation .
If Glitnir and Kaupthing complete their subscription agreements , the total cost of the recapitalization would be reduced to about 200 billion kronur , the finance ministry said .
The government will recapitalize Islandsbanki with 60 billion kronur and Glitnir is expected to own 100 % of Islandsbanki .
Also , the government will recapitalize New Kaupthing with 70 billion kronur ; 87 % of the bank is expected to be owned by Kaupthing and 13 % by the government .
The third bank , New Landsbanki , will remain in government ownership and will receive 140 billion kronur from the state .
The bank is also expected to issue bonds as part of the recapitalization plan .
Venla Sipila , analyst at IHS Global Insight , said the plans " mark significant progress in stabilizing the whole financial sector , including the foreign - currency market . "
Sipila warned , however , that several steps still need to be taken before Iceland returns to financial stability .
" The plans now have to be finalized , approved , and then implemented , and it may emerge that more capital is still needed in order to get the banking sector back on its feet , " Sipila said in a note to clients .
Scribblenaut - ized Heavy , Spy , and Pyro by Turk128 .
As with the previously featured fan - drawn game characters mimicking Scribblenauts ’ playful style , these Team Fortress 2 classes likely wo n’t appear in the DS game .
Neither will these survivors from Left 4 Dead :
Turk128 also drew these adorable versions of John Shepard ( Mass Effect ) , Mona ( WarioWare ) , and Jack ( MadWorld ) :
And he illustrated these celebrities , too ( though the second guy from the right , who I think is the Angry Video Game Nerd , is n’t as widely known as the others ) :
We ’re still months away from Scribblenauts ’ release – I imagine that artists and fans will produce hundreds more of these by the time the game hits shelves .
Preorder : Scribblenauts
See also : Scribblenauts ’ “ Post # 217 ” scene , Tiny Q&A : Lock ’s Quest and producing artwork for DS
[ Via Turk128 ]
Markos Moulitsas , founder of the Net 's leading liberal website in terms of traffic and political influence , Daily Kos , has a rather curious and odd background for a leader of the Left — one that might explain his official policy of banning any Diarist who posts information or opinion dissenting from the 9/11 Commission 's unraveling myth about the attacks .
Markos served in the U.S. Army from 1989 to 1992 , where he was a staunch Reagan Republican , campaigning for George H.W. Bush .
It was the " near miss " of being sent to Gulf War I that sparked his political conversion , he says .
He hails from a wealthy El Salvadorian family , one of whose members was Minister of Education with the notorious junta during the civil war .
In a speech to the Commonwealth Club in 2006 , Kos admitted to interviewing with the CIA for a 6 - month period after a time of " underemployment . "
His statements there betray either a stunning ignorance , or sneaking sympathy with the CIA 's long history of democratic subversion and support of rightist dictatorships abroad , including the one that sponsored death squads in his former homeland :
" This is a very liberal institution .
And in a lot of ways , it really does attract people who want to make a better , you know , want to make the world a better place . . .
Of course , they 've got their Dirty Ops and this and that , right but as an institution itself the CIA is really interested in stable world .
That 's what they 're interested in .
And stable worlds are n't created by destabilizing regimes and creating wars .
Their done so by other means .
Assassination labor leaders . . .
I 'm kidding !...
And even if you 're protecting American interests , I mean that can get ugly at times , but generally speaking I think their hearts in the right place .
As an organization their heart is in the right place .
I 've never had any problem with the CIA .
I 'd have no problem working for them . . "
Links to the Commonwealth Club audio , and other biographical documents on Moulitsasa can be found here .
Moulitsas began working for the Howard Dean campaign , and simultaneously launching Daily Kos , in 2002 , shortly after his romance with the CIA .
One may speculate that perhaps the romance never fully ended — and wonder if the CIA 's IT venture capital subsidiary , In - Q - Tel , may have provided development and / or funding assistance to spark the meteoric rise of Daily Kos , now a virtual kingmaker in the Democratic party .
The site endorses and directly raises funds for certain Democratic candidates and PACs , amassing over $ 2 million in the last two election cycles .
Markos and his business partner , Jerome Armstrong , have also hired themselves out as political consultants to certain candidates — a stark conflict of interest for journalists .
Markos answers that he is not so much a journalist , but an " activist . "
The CIA has also been accused of providing seed money for both Facebook , and Google , according to former CIA clandestine officer Robert David Steele .
As one critic has noted : " The CIA does not merely look into social media — they appear to own it . "
If Moulitsas is a digital - age Mockingbird ( the CIA 's Cold War program of infiltrating and co-opting the American media ; ) , perhaps he is exercising a role similar to that of Rahm Emmanuel , who as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in the 2006 elections , steered party funds to pro-war Democrats while starving anti-war candidates .
If that is the agenda of Daily Kos — to maintain the Democratic party 's inertia as co-dependent enablers of the military - industrial complex and it's boondoggle War on Terror — it seems to be succeeding wildly .
Suppressing any alternative narrative of 9/11 , the foundational keystone of this war , would be a crucial element of such a strategy .
( Please ignore the giddy grin on my picture for this post ... )
Over the last month or so I 've been to several events that suggest that US scientists and government types are starting to seriously game out how disasters in energy security and climate change may unfold , interact , and multiply .
At one event , people from various government departments , national labs , and , um , information gathering agencies sat around tables and tried to play out how , say , black carbon causing ice melt in the Tibetan plateau would interact with the struggle for scarce oil resources , the spread of disease , and the potential for developing countries to leapfrog to new energy technologies .
What would be the first warnings of disaster ?
How could it be avoided or mitigated if it was too late ?
A few of my totally unauthorized takeaways :
1 . The political and scientific establishment is pretty comfortable responding to impending disaster with avoidance / mitigation while they 're uncomfortable demanding the deep ( and still unknown ) changes that may be necessary to address all of the interlocking issues .
On the surface , their confidence in successful response is reassuring ; in the long run it is profoundly dismal because it means we will lurch from one crisis to the next , devoted to a lifestyle of constant emergency .
2. Smart people are already planning for all sorts of worst case scenarios , ranging from massive death ( which some believe could take the pressure off the ecosystem ) to making the best of species die off .
( The weirdest notion : Since the oceans are likely to be filled with jellyfish , perhaps we should genetically modify the jellyfish to make a better food source .
" Have a PB and Jellyfish , " said the speaker , giggling appropriately . )
3 . There is raging discussion about how to communicate the need for costly , possibly unpleasant action to the public .
Among the scientific community this translates into trying to get together " blue ribbon panels " to communicate the need to address climate change and energy security and economic competitiveness issues together .
( To which I say : blue ribbon panels are great , just be sure you 've got a Pabst Blue Ribbon panel to communicate outside the policy community .
More on that in a second . )
But this sense of being unable to get across the danger we 're in has even lead reasonable types to publicly make distressing suggestions , along the lines of " should we exaggerate danger to spur the public to action ? "
To me , that sentiment among reasonable people is a disaster in public trust , and cannot lead to any positive outcome .
4 . If you 're a total cynic invest in 3 M immediately .
Damn !
These people love Post - Its .
And if they 're even half right about the future , they 're going to need a lot of them .
Boston to Release iPhone App for Municipal Complaints
Managing a city ’s complaints can be tough business , even if you just think of the volume .
Then there ’s sorting through the complaints to see which are valid , which to prioritize , and which can be completely ignored .
Most cities have implemented some sort of nonemergency hotline designed to handle the massive numbers of calls and complaints about potholes , downed trees , and wayward neighbors setting their trash out a day early .
Boston is adding a tech - forward method for complaint managment with an iPhone app called Citizen Connect .
According to the Boston Globe , the application is the first of its kind , allowing citizens to snap photos of local problems , an overstuffed public trash can , for instance , and send those photos back to City Hall for review .
One of the features that has mayor Thomas Menino excited is GPS positioning .
The application makes use of the iPhone ’s GPS to pinpoint a problem ’s location , making it much easier to address the issue .
After submitting a complaint , users will receive a confirmation number .
If the problem persists , they can refer municipal employees to the original complaint .
The city plans to pay Connected Bits , a New Hampshire firm responsible for designing the program , $ 25,000 for a year of support and assess whether the benefit is worth the cost .
I ’d imagine it ’s worth at least that much , something Connected Bits might be likely to notice themselves .
As a first - of - its - kind technology , the east coast developer is probably anxiously awaiting positive reviews .
The application also has potential to start some hilarious tech wars .
Imagine neighbors snapping shots of every minor ordinance violation on one another ’s property .
The influx of information could be overwhelming for a city complaint system that ’s likely already under a lot of stress .
Citizens of Boston are already crying foul , claiming the announcement is just another election year promise , not likely to come to fruition .
The city claims they ’ve already submitted the application to Apple for approval .
The application will be free on release .
What do you think ?
Would you use this sort of system if your city had one ?
Is this just going to create an army of overzealous , iPhone - toting watchdogs ?
Sound off in the comments .
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Follow me on Twitter .
Are the queues in your life stressing you out ?
Our lives are filled with queues , from email inboxes to your to - do lists to voice and text messages to a variety of different inboxes in social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to work applications to RSS readers and bookmarked “ to - read ” articles and more .
For many people , managing all these queues is stressful , never - ending , and complex .
Let ’s look at how to simplify things , how to clear your queues , and how to let go of the stress of managing them all .
Queues That Rule Our Lives
One of my favorite bloggers , Alex Payne , wrote a post a little while back called Life As A Series of Queues , and in the post he listed some of his queues .
I ’m reposting them here because they ’re fairly typical for a lot of people .
Of course , your particular list will definitely vary , but this is an example :
work email ( by far the most insidious queue )
personal email
instant messages ( they queue while in meetings and away from the computer )
text messages
missed phone calls and voicemail
@replies on Twitter
direct messages on Twitter
requests for links to applications by Twitter API developers
requests for whitelisting by Twitter developers
code review requests
tickets on our internal bug tracker
tickets on the Twitter API tracker
items in my personal to - do list
calendar event requests
unread items in my feed reader
unread items in Instapaper
My personal list would be fairly similar , except that the main queues I have today are :
my Gmail inbox
Twitter DMs and @replies
my to - do list ( I switch between Taskpaper , Gmail ’s Task list , and text files on a whim )
unread items in Instapaper ( a great to - read service if you do n’t use it )
I also have voicemail on my cell phone but never check it .
I ’ve ( mostly ) stopped using Google Reader as I dislike having to keep up with RSS feeds .
I do n’t check other social networking sites as much as I should .
I do n’t have a paper inbox .
And other types of items on Alex ’s list are funneled into my Gmail or to - do lists , at least for the moment .
What are your queues ?
It may be useful to make a list of your own so you can plan your strategy .
Strategies for Clearing the Queues
So now that we know just how many queues we have , how do we clear them or at least keep them manageable ?
Here are my favorite strategies — your mileage will vary .
Also note that you wo n’t apply all strategies for every queue — pick the ones that work best .
1. Simplify your queues .
Do you have 15 - 20 different queues in your life ?
You might try to simplify and see if you can get them down to 4 - 6 , as I have ( or even fewer if you ’re bold ) .
This greatly simplifies things because you have fewer queues to check every day .
A larger number of queues is fine if they are already integrated into your daily routine — if you check them all in the morning and before you leave work , for example , and never have to check them at other times .
Or if you always open a certain kind of software and check the queue at certain times of the day , then that ’s fine .
But if you have to remember to keep checking a dozen or more queues all the time , it gets difficult .
See what you can eliminate or consolidate .
For example , do you need more than one email inbox ?
Do you need multiple voicemail inboxes , or even voicemail at all ?
Do you need to be a part of 3 different social networks ?
Are there things you rarely use that you can drop ?
Give this a little thought over the next few days or couple weeks .
2 . Self service .
No , this is n’t dirty , you bad reader .
Banks and companies that sell tickets ( airlines , buses , theaters , etc. ) have figured out a way to avoid massive queues : let people serve themselves through technology .
So instead of lining up for a teller , there are ATMs everywhere .
You can buy tickets through machines or online .
So how do you use this to clear your queues ?
Figure out what types of requests are constantly coming at you — through work , even in your personal life , online , etc. — and try to figure out ways you can allow people to serve themselves .
For example , are people always asking you for information ?
Post the information online .
Do they need your approval on everything ?
Set up a list of criteria and allow them to approve things themselves if the criteria are met .
See if you can automate certain processes .
Remove yourself as a bottleneck , and your queues will shorten considerably .
3 . Stop at the source .
Whenever I get a newsletter or other such mass email from a company , I automatically go to the bottom and click the “ unsubscribe ” link .
It takes a few seconds longer than just hitting “ delete ” , but it saves much more time in the long run .
I hugely dislike getting my inbox filled up with notices and newsletters and ads from companies — what a waste of my time having to sift through them all .
So I stop them at the source , so they no longer get sent to me .
If there is no easy way to unsubscribe , I hit the “ spam ” button .
4 . Filter out unnecessary stuff .
It takes a minute or two to set up a filter in Gmail ( or whatever email program you use ) , but as a result you ’ll save a lot of time .
If you get certain notices you want to keep on file but do n’t need to see in your inbox , filter them out to a label or folder just for those notices .
Look at everything in your queue to see what you do n’t really need to see , and find a way to filter those out .
For things like to - do lists , you might use a program ( such as the aforementioned Taskpaper ) that can use labels ( such as @today ) that you can use to filter out everything you do n’t need to see today .
For example , when I click on the @today label on my to - do list , it only shows me the three things I plan to do today — not things I want to do later in the week .
There are many other tools that can do similar things for other queues .
For example , you can use Tweetdeck to sort all the people you follow into groups , so you can filter out everybody but just your actual , real - life friends into one group , or your work colleagues in another group .
If you use a feed reader , you can also set up groups or folders so that you can just check the most essential feeds , instead of having to sift through everything in your unread folder .
5 . Pick the most important .
A queue is usually unsorted by priority , so that when you make a to - do list , you have things listed in order of when you wrote them down .
Your inbox ( and most other queues ) have the most recent items at the top .
But that means you ’re going to have to tackle everything , which can be overwhelming ( and a waste of time ) … or it means you ’re going to have to continually scan through the entire queue to pick out the most important .
Instead , find a way to choose the most important and just focus on those .
In email , you might highlight everything in your inbox except 5 most important emails , and move everything ( except the important ones ) to a “ to - read ” folder to look through later .
Then just deal with those 5 important emails until your inbox is cleared .
Again , with my to - do list , I mark my 3 Most Important Tasks with an “ @today ” label so I can focus on just those .
With a to - read folder , just pick 3 important things to read for now ( as an example ) .
6 . Clear the rest .
Once you ’ve picked out the most important , see if you can clear the rest , or at least shovel them somewhere else to deal with at a later time .
I ’ve already mentioned how you can do this with your email inbox .
With a to - do list , you can put them in an @someday folder / label to deal with later .
Delete things you will probably never get to , that you ’ve been dreading doing and do n’t absolutely need to do , or that are unnecessary .
Sometimes a big mass delete can be liberating .
7. Skim .
This is a good strategy for most queues — instead of trying to process the whole thing , just skim and find the important or interesting items .
For example , if you use Twitter , you know that reading every message from every person you follow can quickly become a time - consuming ( and stressful ) burden .
Instead , just skim to see what ’s come in , and forget about the rest .
The same applies to a to - read queue ( such as Instapaper or feed reader ) — do n’t try to read everything .
Just skim .
8 . Let go of the need to get to the end .
A lot of the stress that comes from managing queues is rooted in a need we seem to have : we want to process every item in the queue and get it to empty .
But the nature of queues is that they ’re never - ending .
You can get your email inbox to empty ( and I recommend it — it ’s deeply satisfying ) , but more emails will soon come in .
Do n’t stress out about this !
Just accept this fact of life .
The same comes from a to - read list : do n’t try to read everything .
Enjoy the fact that you have a nice list of things to read — if the queue were emptied , what would you do when you ’re bored ?
When we accept this fact — that we ’ll never get to the end of our to - do list , and that that ’s OK — we can stop stressing about our queues .
Just manage them smartly , and deal with the flow as it comes in .
What are your strategies for managing the queus in your life ?
Share in the comments !
—
If you liked this article , please share it on del.icio.us , StumbleUpon or Twitter .
I ’d appreciate it . :)
The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday it will grant asylum to 1,350 Arabs in Iraq who claim to have the right to live in Israel based on ancestry .
The unprecedented numbers to be allowed to resettle in the United States may anger Israel , the Christian Science Monitor ( CSM ) reported .
Most of them lived well in Iraq under former dictator Saddam Hussein but then were thrown out of their homes after his downfall .
They were targeted since the American invasion of the country and have been living near the border with Syria .
A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry told Israel National News that it would not comment on the new American policy .
Granting asylum to the Arabs could be interpreted by the Palestinian Authority as official United States acceptance of them as Arabs with a right to live in Israel but who were granted special status because of the American war .
Their claim to Israel is based on their parents or grandparents having lived in Israel before the wars in 1948 and 1967 , when Arab nations encouraged many of them to leave until after the expected annihilation of the Jewish State .
A minority of the original 700,000 Arabs who claimed refugee status in the 1950s fled from Israeli army troops during the War of Independence .
Any person descended from at least one Arab whose primary residence was in pre-state Israel from mid-1946 to 1948 may claim refugee status .
The Bush administration rarely accepted Arabs defined as " Palestinian refugees " in order not to irritate Israel , one diplomat told CSM .
He said the Arabs will be processed as refugees from Iraq .
Todd Pierce , a spokesman for the State Department 's Bureau of Population , Refugees and Migration , said that the Arabs in Iraq are not being equated with those from Judea , Samaria and Gaza .
Jordan is the only Arab country that grants citizenship to Arabs who claim ancestry in Israel but has not allowed Arabs to enter from Iraq , according to Mark Krikorian , director of the Center for Immigration Studies in Washington .
He called the issue a “ hot potato ” and that the State Department announcement is “ tossing their problems over their head into Harrisburg , Pennsylvania or Omaha , Nebraska ” and making America “ a dumping ground ” for its problems .
Most of the Iraqi Arabs will be settled in southern California .
The all - too - typical violent hyperbole found in reader comments across the internet has landed one Las Vegas newspaper in the hot seat with US prosecutors .
The Las Vegas Review - Journal says it has been served with a federal grand jury subpoena seeking information on people who posted supposedly threatening anonymous comments on a story about a tax fraud trial .
According to LVRJ , the subpoena seeks the identities and contact information of those who made certain posts prosecutors believe allude to acts of violence against the jury and others involved with the case .
In late May , the paper reported on the trial of Robert Kahre , a man accused of paying contractors with gold and silver coinage so he could report their lower face value to the IRS for tax purposes .
On the paper 's website , the story rather characteristically received hundreds of angry comments condemning the IRS , the court system , the US treasury , paper money , public schools , communists — what have you .
But two posts in particular caught the eye of the US Attorney for Nevada ;
" The sad thing is there are 12 dummies on the jury who will convict him .
They should be hung along with the feds , " posted one of the offending commenters .
Another wagered " quatloos " ( an alien currency from Star Trek ) that one of the federal prosecutors would n't live to see his next birthday .
( Both comments have been removed from the website ) .
The paper originally received a subpoena on June 2 demanding the identities of every commenter on the article .
LVRJ editor Thomas Mitchell declared he would fight the request , saying anonymous speech is " a fundamental and historic part of this country . "
Before he could launch a protest , however , federal prosecutors decided their original request was overly broad .
Instead , they narrowed their request to the two comments .
Mitchell now says he will comply with the subpoena .
" I 'd hate to be the guy who refused to tell the feds Timothy McVeigh was buying fertilizer , " Mitchell was quoted by the LVRJ , referring to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing of a downtown federal building .
" We want to be good citizens and do the proper thing , " Mitchell continued .
" We will give them what we have , which frankly is n't much , since most postings are anonymous . "
Meanwhile , The American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada believes the narrowed request is still unreasonable .
" We do n't think any of the comments we 've seen are the appropriate target of government inquiry , " ALCU staff attorney Margaret McLethie told the paper .
Although the organization admitted it has n't seen the comment that bets on a prosecutors death , it has moved forward with its own motion to quash the subpoena and offered to represent any of the commenters who want their help . ®
Smart Women Marry Rich , Says New Book
Why pick a man with " big blue eyes " over the " big green bankroll ? " asks book .
June 5 , 2009  --
Heart - stopping , knee - weakening , " when - is - he - going - to - call " kind of love wanes in about 18 to 24 months , but the kind that comes in dollars and cents lasts a lifetime .
At least according to a new book , " Smart Girls Marry Money : How Women Have Been Duped into the Romantic Dream -- and How They 're Paying for It . "
The book confirms what mothers have been telling their daughters for generations : " Girls are told at their mother 's knee : " It 's just as easy to love a rich man as a poor man . "
Or , " No Romance without Finance . "
And , " Marry the one you can live with , not the one you can't live without . "
Many women would agree that one good man in the boardroom is better than two in the bedroom .
Such was the case with Ginger Borgella , a 29 - year - old Maryland therapist who writes the blog , " Girls Just Want To Have Funds . "
" How a man treats his finances -- if he is not willing to honor his debts and obligations -- is an indicator of how he will treat you in the marriage , " she told ABCNews.com .
" I want a man who is financially savvy , " said Borgella , who asked to see her prospective husband 's credit report .
That report was n't perfect , but the couple made a mutual plan to establish financial security and have now been married since 2006 and own their own house .
" I do n't want to be broke , " said Borgella .
" I 'm not Paris Hilton , but I lead a comfortable life . "
" Smart Girls Marry Money " is a satirical self - help guide is written by two middle - aged professionals scarred by their first marriages .
They aim their advice squarely at nubile girls who have falsely equated romantic love with happiness .
Why are girls are encouraged to court the man with the " big blue eyes " rather than the one with the " big green bankroll ? " they ask .
Both authors -- Los Angeles mothers Daniela Drake and Elizabeth Ford -- say they " married for love , but reaped the consequences . "
Drake is a primary care doctor with an MBA and Ford ( divorced from the son of actor Harrison Ford ) is an Emmy - winning television producer .
Ford admits the book 's title is " meant to get your attention . "
" It 's not just about how to marry a rich guy , " she told ABCNews.com .
But women are way too obsessed with the " love drug . "
The question women should ask about the fiance is , " Does he have a financial plan and how does that match up with your values ? "
Romantic love , they say , is never a valid reason to get married .
" Both men and women think it is the end - all , be - all of happiness , " said Ford .
" Every movie ends with the wedding scene and a pregnant girl at the end and they live happily ever after . "
Science seems to back this theory .
MRI scans now reveal a " complicated biological cocktail of hormones " that light up in the brain when people are in love , according to the book .
And , Ford notes , the activity is in " the most primitive , reptilian " part of the brain .
Knowing that that loving feeling does n't last and that women have a " sell - by date , " women should pursue the " gold digging imperative " -- finding a man while they still have their youth and looks .
" I am just old fashioned enough to find [ marrying for money ] repellant , " said Stephanie Coontz , professor of history and family studies at Evergreen State College in Washington .
Still , she notes that romantic love is a modern notion .
According to her 2005 book , " Marriage , A History : From Obedience to Intimacy , or How Love Conquered Marriage , " it began in the Victorian era .
" There is nothing new about this idea , " Coontz told ABCNews.com .
" Women have been marrying for mercenary reasons for most of history .
They had to , because they could n't support themselves . "
She said that as late as 1967 , women routinely considered marrying a man they did n't love " if he met the financial criteria . "
For thousands of years , marriage was based on political and economic convenience for both men and women .
" Until the 18th century the biggest infusion of cash until marriage was death and an inheritance , " said Coontz .
Next was the dowry .
" Families were interested in the connections to in - laws to improve their financial interests , " she said .
But as the middle class emerged and men could support themselves rather than depend upon an inheritance , they became " the most exuberantly romantic , " she said .
" Women who were totally dependent and legally subordinate said things in their diaries like , " Caution :
My heart inclines to Harry , but I can't take that risk . "
By the mid 20th century , modern attitudes gave men and women equality to choose a mate , but not economic equality .
Men expect power because they make more money and women " trade services for deference , " Coontz said .
" This has created an unstable situation . "
The best hope for a stable and satisfying marriage is one where both husband and wife share the bread - winning , child care and housework , according to Coontz .
" Women mostly say it is less important to have a man earn a lot of money than a man who can communicate and share his feelings , " she said .
" And that does n't mean they want to marry a deadbeat . "
The book 's authors agree that economic equality is important .
They argue that women can't earn as much as men , especially after having children , and if they do marry well , and then split , they are shortchanged by divorce , both professionally and financially .
The book cites research by Professor Stephen Jenkins , director of the Institute for Social and Economic Research , who found that five years after divorce , men were 25 percent richer , whereas women still had less money than they did pre-split ; and that 31 percent of mothers received no support no payment for children .
Women face the pressure to do it all -- raise children , earn a decent salary and be a hot sexpot in bed .
And , the authors note from personal experience that 50 percent of all marriages are doomed to failure .
" If falling in love is a valid reason to get married , then falling out of love is a reason for divorce , " said Ford , whose husband left her two years ago to raise their now 8 - year - old son , motivating her to write the book .
Ford 's enthusiasm for the topic was also fueled by a younger sister who graduated from college " looking for love " and ended up with " slacker guys who do n't pay the rent . "
Her co-author , Drake , left her husband , because he had no concern for the couple 's finances .
She is now remarried with two children .
A good marriage , they both say , is an economic partnership .
And research shows that if a couple stays together long enough , the passionate love will reignite .
Such was case with one blogger on the Web site Urban Baby who said her best friend had always dated " rocker guys " but , instead , married a Jewish MBA consultant .
" She admits that he is not as sexy , interesting or thrilling as her past boys , " she wrote .
" But he is understanding and kind and super intelligent .
I 'm sure that loft in Tribeca did n't hurt either . "
by Brett Stevens on July 30 , 2009
The key to a modern time is the psychology of crowds .
Because we have thrown out social order , caste , hierarchy , even culture itself , we are now all equal individuals standing on a level playing field that suspiciously resembles a shopping mall .
As a result , we form ad hoc groupings , or crowds , to achieve our needs .
We no longer trust social hierarchy like government , religion or art .
We trust a personal army running to smash the other guy .
And we form crowds by getting like - minded people , offering them equal participation in what we want for ourselves , and then off to the races .
The secret to the psychology of crowds is understanding that they are made of individuals .
People do n’t join a crowd to join a crowd ; they join a crowd to get what they want .
And the key way to do that is to offer equality : we all get the same reward if we achieve our goal .
That approach will always be more appealing than “ do it yourself . ”
If your part in the crowd is to show up , chant a few slogans and help crush some skulls , and then you get the full reward everyone else gets , that seems pretty smart , does n’t it ?
Our society , by having adopted this ideal of the Crowd in 1789 and affirmed it into 1968 , has opened up this ideal to the form of entropy known as mass interpretation .
It has taken an already simple philosophy and boiled it down to a few basic tenets :
Anyone who says anything but “ Do whatever you want , there are no consequences ” is a Nazi .
Anyone who wants anything but exactly what everyone else gets is a Nazi .
Anyone who wants some ideal that not everyone can understand is an elitist Nazi .
It is always — always — someone else ’s fault , because we the crowd demand and they did not provide .
— someone else ’s fault , because we the crowd demand and they did not provide .
In the absence of real values , whatever seems new and weird or trendy is what we should all pay attention to .
Anyone who wants more is a Nazi .
Anyone who insists that we are not all equal is a Nazi .
This thinking is addictive like sugar , heroin or TV watching because its hook — we ’re all the same so you get the same as everyone else — makes us feel accepted without having done anything , and its threshold for participation is really low : just be one of the crowd .
If you want to know why gangs , lynch mobs , literary cliques , fads , trends and mass neurosis are the same , you ’ve found your answer : the crowd .
It is the defining trait and the greatest destructive factor in the modern time .
For example , if we choose to limit what cars people can drive , we ’re Nazis .
If we decide to cut back on breeding , that requires we tell people not to breed , so we ’re Nazis .
If some people want to have only people with a similar values system in their community , they ’re Nazis .
Who are n’t the Nazis ?
Well , the people advocating the least amount of social order , the “ do whatever you want and there are no consequences ” people , the Crowd !
Resources :
Tags : crowdism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
At the DDD Exchange conference today in London , Eric Evans presented on “ The good , the bad and the ugly ” aspects of strategic design .
Talking about several efforts to replace legacy systems he has encountered in past , he suggested that these were “ traps that good and smart software people are more likely to fall into ” [ than those with less experience ] .
According to Evans , none of the conventional approaches to that problem are likely to succeed .
A goal that is often set for projects such as these is “ let ’s switch off the legacy system ” , but the first trap is that it gets mixes with a major redesign of the system as well .
Calling this a classic mistake of not having a separation of concerns , Evans suggested that the goal of switching the legacy system off is not a real strategic goal unless it is really really expensive to run .
Very often the real problem is that a legacy system does not allow people to develop and deliver efficiently .
Phased approaches fail
The approach of redesigning a whole system from scratch typically gets split into three phases : designing and implementing the basics , completing the features of the old system , and then implementing some new and really exciting features .
Projects like this will most likely end up in failure , as the team spends lots of time on the first two phases and does not really get there completely , and also the business cannot stand still while the project is going on .
The system simply cannot be delivered quickly enough .
At some point , companies decide that they have to get the new features done , go back to the old system and continue implementing key new features on it .
Replacing piece by piece fails
Another common wrong approach is to refactor a legacy system piece by piece , extracting parts and cleaning them up .
According to Evans , these efforts fail because they are an uphill battle .
Extracting and integrating every piece is going to be always very hard because of the friction between the designs , and every time a part of the system gets nice it “ draws other programmers like flies ” , because everyone wants to do their work quicker by now using this new model .
The nice model collapses under load as people who do n’t understand it continue hacking in it .
Instead , focus on the core domain
The way that these efforts are most likely to end up , according to Evans , is just continuing hacking on the legacy system .
Yet this is exactly the place that teams did not want to end up at and the reason why the replacement effort was started .
These approaches all undermine the core idea of the value of design and make companies not want to invest at all in good design .
Starting from a proposition that “ not all of a large system will be well designed ” , Evans suggested identifying and focusing on the core domain – a very small piece of software that actually makes the system really worth writing , something that brings direct competitive advantage to the business .
These are most likely those new and really exciting features that people plan to do after the functionality of the legacy system was fully replaced .
Instead of waiting several years for the old system to be replaced before core features are enhanced , teams should focus on efficiently extracting and isolating that part of the legacy system and redesigning that directly .
In order to be able to build just that part , it should be isolated with an anti-corruption layer that reaches into the old system and retrieves the information that the new elegant core needs , converting it into the new model .
Why are other yields falling as Treasury yields rise ?
This post is a guest contribution by Paul Kasriel* of The Northern Trust Company .
There is a lot in the press these days about how the recent rise in Treasury bond yields has the potential to abort a nascent economic recovery .
To this I say , nonsense !
Chart 1 shows that as the Treasury bond yield has risen in recent weeks , the yields on privately - issued debt have declined in absolute levels .
Chart 2 shows that the stock market has been trending higher since March as the Treasury bond yield has risen .
This combination of a rise in the Treasury bond yield , declines in yields on privately - issued bonds and rising stock prices is consistent with an asset allocation shift away from an asset with no credit risk to assets with credit risk .
How can this lessen the chances of an economic recovery ?
If the current and increased supply of Treasury debt coming to market were “ crowding out ” private debt issuance , then the yields on privately - issued debt would be holding steady or rising in tandem with the rise in the Treasury bond yield .
But again , yields on privately - issued debt are falling .
In sum , investor risk appetite is returning , which is a good thing for the prospects of an economic recovery , not a bad thing .
Source : Paul Kasriel , Northern Trust – Daily Global Commentary , June 9 , 2009 .
* Paul Kasriel is Senior Vice President and Director of Economic Research at The Northern Trust Company .
The accuracy of the Economic Research Department ’s forecasts has consistently been highly - ranked in the Blue Chip survey of about 50 forecasters over the years .
To that point , Paul received the prestigious 2006 Lawrence R. Klein Award for having the most accurate economic forecast among the Blue Chip survey participants for the years 2002 through 2005 .
The accuracy of Paul ’s 2008 economic forecast was ranked in the top five of The Wall Street Journal survey panel of economists .
In January 2009 , The Wall Street Journal and Forbes cited Paul as one of the few who identified early on the formation of the housing bubble and foresaw the economic and financial market havoc that would ensue after the bubble inevitably burst .
Did you enjoy this post ?
If so , click here to subscribe to updates to Investment Postcards from Cape Town by e-mail .
Unlike other firms that will quickly push your case through to completion to suit their own agendas , Mr. Wysocki will take the time to get to know you and your situation and help develop a personalized strategy to assist you in overcoming any complications .
When you retain his representation , he will work with you every step of the way and keep you informed about each stage of your case .
His clients ' best interests are always a top priority for him and he can work diligently to obtain a desirable resolution for any individual 's unique case .
Comprehensive Defense
No situation is too complex or too small for our Lake County criminal defense lawyer and his associate attorney and staff to handle .
If you have been charged with a misdemeanor or a felony , or if your case is being prosecuted at the state or federal level , Albert L. Wysocki can provide assistance .
( For a TAKE A LOOK on Honduras , click on [ nN28343997 ] )
* Foreign leaders to accompany Zelaya back to Honduras
* Interim government says Zelaya will be arrested
* Zelaya says only intends to finish current mandate
* Interim government sending mission to Washington ( Recasts throughout )
By Patrick Markey and Mica Rosenberg
TEGUCIGALPA , June 30 ( Reuters ) - Ousted President Manuel Zelaya vowed on Tuesday to return to Honduras flanked by foreign leaders to serve the rest of his term , defying a warning from a hostile interim leadership that he will be immediately arrested .
Zelaya gathered further international support as he addressed the United Nations and Organization of American States .
He said the Argentine and Ecuadorean presidents and the U.N. General Assembly and OAS chiefs would accompany him on a trip back to Honduras on Thursday .
Upping the ante in what is already Central America ’s biggest political crisis in decades , the interim government set up after Sunday ’s military coup said Zelaya would be captured if he returned .
The coup against Zelaya -- a timber magnate toppled in a dispute over his push to allow presidential re-election beyond a single four - year term -- has been greeted by a tide of condemnation from U.S. President Barack Obama to Zelaya ’s leftist allies in Latin America .
But he remains a divisive figure in Honduras , an impoverished coffee , textile and banana - exporter of some 7 million people .
Several thousand demonstrators rallied in favor of his ouster in the capital Tegucigalpa on Tuesday , after two days of rowdy anti-Zelaya protests near the presidential palace .
But in a development that could offer an opening for talks on ending the stand - off , the interim government said it would send a delegation of politicians , business leaders and lawyers to Washington on Wednesday for talks on the crisis .
Roberto Micheletti , sworn in as caretaker president by Congress soon after Sunday ’s coup , announced the mission after Zelaya traveled to New York and Washington to address the United Nations and Organization of American States on Tuesday .
U.S. officials said Zelaya would likely meet State Department officials while in Washington .
Zelaya insisted he will return to complete his mandate , which ends in early 2010 , and said he did not intend to run for president again .
“ I am going back to Honduras on Thursday , I ’m going to return as president , ” Zelaya said after the U.N. General Assembly urged member states to recognize only his government .
CHAVEZ ALLY
In office since 2006 , Zelaya had upset conservative elites with his growing alliance with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a left - wing firebrand who is championing an old - style revolutionary brand of socialism across Latin America .
Central America ’s first military coup since the Cold War came after Zelaya angered Congress , courts and the army with a push for constitutional changes to allow presidential re-election .
Enrique Ortez , the interim government ’s foreign minister , told CNN ’s Spanish - language channel that Zelaya had charges pending against him for violating the constitution , drug trafficking and organized crime .
“ As soon as he enters he will be captured .
We have the warrants ready so that he stays in jail in Honduras and is judged according to the country ’s laws , ” Ortez said .
That set the stage for a potential diplomatic stand - off -- Zelaya said he would be accompanied on Thursday by U.N. General Assembly head Miguel D’Escoto , OAS chief Jose Miguel Insulza , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez and Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa .
Micheletti , who is backed by the country ’s business and political elite and has said he plans to stay on until an election in November , told Reuters on Monday that the coup had saved Honduras from swinging to radical socialism .
In Tegucigalpa , anti-Zelaya protesters waving blue - and - white Honduran flags packed a square to back Micheletti and protest against the return of a leader they say wants to follow the socialist model of Venezuela ’s Chavez .
“ We are defending democracy , the constitution .
Zelaya violated the constitution , ” said Jose Manzanares , an engineer .
“ We do n’t want him here , or his friends , Chavez and ( Nicaraguan President Daniel ) Ortega . ”
Pro-Zelaya protests were calmer than in the past two days , when masked demonstrators clashed with security forces by the presidential palace .
Troops and police tightened security at the international airport , but traffic was back to normal and many stores and cafes reopened for business .
ECONOMIC UNCERTAINTY
Worried about the economic impact of the political uncertainty , Standard & Poor ’s placed Honduras “ B - Plus ” credit rating on its Creditwatch negative category .
[ n N30462183 ]
Coffee producers told Reuters that protesters had blocked parts of three major highways in the interior of the country .
But the country ’s coffee institute said that exports had not been affected by the coup .
[ ID :nN30458934 ]
The World Bank said it had “ paused ” all program lending to Honduras following the coup .
[ ID :nN30445897 ]
At home polls show public support for Zelaya had dropped as low as 30 percent in recent months as many were uncomfortable with his tilt to the left in a country with a longtime conservative , pro-Washington position .
“ Some sort of negotiation will have to occur , ” said Shannon O’Neil at the Council on Foreign Relations .
“ For the international community , the most acceptable solution is that Zelaya comes back and completes the last several months of his term as President , and then steps down . ”
The U.N. General Assembly called on its 192 member states to recognize only Zelaya ’s government , calling in a resolution for “ the immediate and unconditional restoration of the legitimate and constitutional government ” of Zelaya .
Zelaya said he had only sought to improve the lot of poor Hondurans but had been treated harshly by the army and business interests .
“ No - one has put me on trial .
No -one has called me to a court to defend myself , no - one has told me what the crime is , ” he told the assembly .
( Additional reporting by Enrique Andres Pretel , Gustavo Palencia in Tegucigalpa and Guido Nejamkis in Buenos Aires , Walter Brandimarte and Patrick Worsnip at the United Nations , Catherine Bremer in Mexico City , Editing by Frances Kerry )
( OPRAH.com ) --
Personally , I like my pizza deliveryman to do one thing : bring me my dinner .
But mention this guy to a group of women , and , while most of us will think of cheesy pies with tomato sauce , a good number of us will conjure up that hilariously bad porn cliché , the randy fellow who 's always ready to accept sex in exchange for a medium sausage and mushroom .
Some pornographers are marketing to women .
Notwithstanding how lame the cliché is , or how simply bad most porn is ( and after ten years as a professional reviewer of the stuff , I can report that much of it is very bad ) , the fact is , millions of women use and enjoy " explicit sexual imagery . "
What 's perhaps more surprising , given the latest scientific research , is that more of us do n't .
In the first three months of 2007 , according to Nielsen / NetRatings , approximately one in three visitors to adult entertainment Web sites was female ; during the same period , nearly 13 million American women were checking out porn online at least once each month .
Theresa Flynt , vice president of marketing for Hustler video , says that women account for 56 percent of business at her company 's video stores .
" And the female audience is increasing , " she adds .
" Women are buying more porn . "
( They 're creating more of it , too : Female director Candida Royalle 's hard - core erotic videos , made expressly for women viewers , sell at the rate of approximately 10,000 copies a month . )
Watch man fired over porn - star wife »
Do n't Miss Oprah.com : 3 new sex -ercies to try at home !
Oprah.com : 3 new sex -ercies to try at home !
Oprah.com :
The one secret that can bring every couple closer
Oprah.com :
The one secret that can bring every couple closer Oprah.com :
Can you hypnotize yourself out of being shy ?
Meanwhile , science is finally buying into the idea that women are at least as stimulated by porn as men .
In a 2006 study at McGill University , researchers monitored genital temperature changes to measure sexual arousal and found that , when shown porn clips , men and women alike began displaying arousal within 30 seconds ; men reached maximum arousal in about 11 minutes , women in about 12 ( a statistically negligible difference , according to the study ) .
Even more compelling were the results of a 2004 study at Northwestern University that also assessed the effect of porn on genital arousal .
Mind you , a copy of " Buffy the Vampire Layer " and a lubed - up feedback device is n't most girls ' idea of a hot night in .
But when the researchers showed gay , lesbian , and straight porn to heterosexual and homosexual women and men , they found that while the men responded more intensely to porn that mirrored their particular gender orientation , the women tended to like it all .
Or at least their bodies did .
Oprah.com
How to feel good naked
But that 's the hitch :
Even when our bodies respond to what we 're seeing , not every woman feels empowered to enjoy the show .
For years we 've been told that we wo n't -- or should n't -- be turned on by porn , end of story , sleep tight .
The message has come from all sides -- from conservative Christian organizations ( " Traditionally , women are far more likely to engage in wistful , romantic fantasies than crude scenes of people engaging in sexual acts , " Kathy Gallagher , cofounder of Pure Life Ministries , has written ) to the radical feminist Catharine MacKinnon ( who says porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rape ) .
When everyone tells you that what you might be curious about , or even secretly like , is wrong , bad , sleazy , and shameful , you do n't have to cast a line very far to land a set of inhibitions .
And , indeed , many a smart , strong , sexually self - reliant girl has popped in a porn DVD and ejected it just as quickly because she saw something that offended her or made her uncomfortable .
I 've heard from many women that they do n't like the sense of being " out of control " they get from watching porn -- that disconnect between how their body is feeling and what their brain is telling them is acceptable .
I like to remind these women that porn wo n't make you do anything you did n't already want to do before you pressed Play on the " Edward Penishands " DVD .
Oprah.com :
What you still do n't know about sex
I 've also heard , plenty of times , that porn degrades women .
That argument always makes me wonder about gay male porn , which lots of women appreciate for all its hunky hotties in flagrante .
If heterosexual porn degrades women , does gay porn degrade men ?
What about porn made by women -- is that degrading , too ?
For me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness -- the ridiculous costumes , the awful cinematography , the ludicrous story lines , the terrible acting ( not to mention how scary the close - ups sometimes look , how fake the boobs are , how some starlets really sound like injured animals ... ) .
And yet in my research and experience , the biggest roadblock for women ( and men ) to enjoying explicit imagery is the fear that they do n't " stack up " to the bodies and abilities of the people onscreen .
Erotic models and actresses bring up a whole range of adequacy issues , from breast size to weight , from what you look like " down there " to the adult acne we all periodically fight .
But it 's worth remembering that if porn performers looked like you and me , they 'd be out of a job .
They 're abnormally thin , they get cosmetic surgery literally ( and sometimes frightfully ) from head to toe , they have makeup in places you'd be surprised makeup can be applied , they shave and wax everything imaginable , and they 're weirdly flexible .
They occupy a tiny end of the gene pool , and that 's why they 're capable of acting out fantasy sex .
Oprah.com : 5 secrets of the female orgasm
Though I 've sometimes felt that my job as a porn reviewer ( for Web sites like FleshBot.com ) is akin to being a canary in a bad - taste boys ' club mine shaft , I 've seen a change in quality in the past few years that I think is a direct reflection of the growing female audience .
As more discriminating viewers , we 've demanded better porn -- and lo , it is being made .
Women are changing the market .
Director Maria Beatty 's gorgeously shot movies ( all of which feature strictly lesbian action ) look like 1920s noir films with sex , but not explicit sex -- just a lot of tease and dreamy outfits and music .
And Comstock Films , maker of high - quality , documentary - style , real - couples videos , aggressively markets to women with the simple tagline " Women love real sex . "
So just what do we love about it ?
First , the way it lets us satisfy our very normal , very human sexual curiosity .
If you 're like me , you 're the kind of woman who'll peep at Pam Anderson 's new boob job just to see the latest installations .
But it 's not just what the bodies look like , it 's what they look like aroused -- and what they can do .
Watching people have sex can be fascinating .
Porn is also a fun and versatile toy .
Sure , I sometimes feel like I need Google Earth to show me where the good porn is , but once I find it , I can figure out what to do with it faster than you can click Zoom In .
Explicit sexual imagery is an aphrodisiac ; it sends a direct current buzzing from our brains to our groins .
Like a reliable vibrator , it can be a great tool .
With porn , women like me get to experiment with making adult choices and trying on new fantasy ideas , just as we might try a different brand of condom for a change .
We do n't have to think of rationality and animalistic urges as mutually exclusive .
If we desire , we can let them play together like tennis doubles .
Porn is one more pleasure to add to life 's sexual buffet , one that can be enjoyed with a partner or alone .
And if " Shaving Ryan 's Privates " winds up giving you more giggles than orgasms , then the only casualty is ... Ryan 's privates .
By Violet Blue from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2009
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
The crisis in Guatemala sparked by an assassinated attorney 's final words — captured on YouTube — continues to expand online and in the streets .
Above , a protest poster distributed on Twitter in posts marked with the hashtag #escandalogt ( short for " Guatemalan Scandal , " for those who do n't read Spanish ) .
The poster reads : I WILL NOT BE AFRAID TO GO OUT INTO THE STREETS , DEFEND MY LIBERTY , UPHOLD THE LAW , DEMAND JUSTICE , I WILL NOT BE AFRAID TO LIVE IN MY HOMELAND AND CHANGE ITS FUTURE ….
GUATEMALA , I WILL NOT ABANDON YOU .
Inset above , a photo taken on Sunday : a worker guards the body of Rodrigo Rosenberg just after he was shot by gunmen in Guatemala City .
In the posthumously - released video , Rosenberg said he feared he would be assasinated , and that if he were , those responsible would be operating at the orders of Guatemalan president Álvaro Colom .
Prensa Libre reports that Facebook is now being used by Guatemalans calling for Colom 's impeachment and trial .
Organizers are spreading word on Twitter and various social networking sites to gather for a second day of protests , tomorrow , Wednesday May 13 .
Snip from article , with my rough translation from Spanish :
En el portal de Facebook se puede leer el enunciado de un usuario : " Hoy solo fue una peque ña muestra .
Mañana con más fuerza y mientras más personas lleguemos mejor aún !!!!
Manifestemos Todos !!!
Mañana somos más !!! , se lee en otro .
On Facebook one can read the declaration of a user who says , ' Today 's demonstrations were only a small example , tomorrow with more strength and even more people we will achieve more still !
Everyone , Protest !
And , ' Tomorrow , there will be more of us , ' says another user .
Here is one of many Facebook groups calling for Colom 's resignation and trial .
The Wall Street Journal has a report up here .
Colom was interviewed on CNN en Español today , and a transcript is here .
Here 's an AP item from today , here 's a NYT item .
I 'm hearing anecdotal reports on Twitter and elsewhere that account holders at Banrural , the Guatemalan bank at the heart of this scandal , are withdrawing all their cash from the institution and causing a growing liquidation panic that threatens to further destabilize the already teetering country .
Previously
– Guatemala : Protests for Assassinated Lawyer Streamed Live from Laptops in the Streets
– In YouTube Video Shot Before His Death , Attorney Blames President for His Assasination
In all matters , we work hard to obtain the best possible outcomes for our clients .
If we cannot reach resolution through negotiation or arbitration , we will always be ready to take a case to court , where we have developed a reputation for success .
808 : The original odd couple So long , and thanks for all the fish fucking groceries .
I mean , there 's a bucket in the sink just for that .
You NEVER USE IT .
GOD .
One of these days I 'm gonna buy one of those sticky strip things and hang it in your room and you will be DEAD .
It 's gonna be like that Far Side cartoon , only I'LL be the one laughing .
JERK .
Annnnnyway , now that 's out of my system I 'm seriously moving house this week so comics may be delayed next week depending on my internet connection ( or lack thereof ) .
To make up for it , I 'll be doing all the groundwork for Supanova this year which is one short month away .
There 'll be new merch and doodads for you to spend money on , assuming all goes well and I do n't accidentally crush my computer beneath the wheels of a cold uncaring truck .
Bizarre linkage for this week is without feeling like a serial killer .
Alright , I guess you can pretend you 're a serial killer , if you feel like it .
Oh Xu'alz ' kthar , you adorable scamp .
How much I bet you 'd love to sit there and play your ecks box three hundred and sixty all the human dayspan long , but seriously though get the hell off my goddamn couch and wipe that acid drool shit off my cushions .
God 's sake man .
Put a towel down or something , you 're worse than the dog .
At least the DOG 'S drool does n't eat through my furniture .
Also get a job you food regurgitating shit .
I know you can just have one enormous meal and then vomit it up for eating three or four times but you keep doing it all over my .
I mean , there 's a bucket in the sink .
You NEVER USE IT .
GOD .
One of these days I 'm gonna buy one of those sticky strip things and hang it in your room and you will be DEAD .
It 's gonna be like that Far Side cartoon , only I'LL be the one laughing .
JERK .
Annnnnyway , now that 's out of my system I 'm seriously moving house this week so comics may be delayed next week depending on my internet connection ( or lack thereof ) .
To make up for it , I 'll be doing all the groundwork for Supanova this year which is one short month away .
There 'll be new merch and doodads for you to spend money on , assuming all goes well and I do n't accidentally crush my computer beneath the wheels of a cold uncaring truck .
Bizarre linkage for this week is femskin , the single best place to buy prosthetic women skins you can wear to feel prettyfeeling like a serial killer .
Alright , I guess you can pretend you 're a serial killer , if you feel like it .
Bigger Than Cheeses
IRC log humour at irc.sorcery .
net #btc .
( For IRC , we recommend mIRC [ 07:19 ] < Warskull > natural boobs
[ 07:19 ] < Warskull > and big natural boobs
[ 07:19 ] < Warskull > but there are n't any porn sites clearly devoted to women with implants
[ 07:19 ] < Celox > seems i joined at just the right time
[ 07:20 ] < Whitefox >
Is n't that technically every porn site , Warskull ?
( CNN ) -- Sri Lanka ordered an end to combat operations against Tamil Tiger rebels in the country 's north , the president 's office said Monday .
But the rebels accused the military of continuing to bomb civilians .
Sri Lankan soldiers stand guard next to a tank captured from the Tamil Tigers .
" Our security forces have been instructed to end the use of heavy - caliber guns , combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian casualties , " according a statement from the Presidential Secretariat .
A rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com , immediately accused the government of violating its own order and " deceiving the international community . "
" Two Sri Lanka air force fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets in Mu'l 'li - vaaykkaal after the announcement by the Sri Lankan forces that it would not deploy heavy weapons or carry out air attacks , " Tamilnet said , citing S. Puleedevan , director of the Tamil Peace Secretariat .
" Obviously we need to see what that means in practice , " John Holmes , the head of U.N. humanitarian operations , said about the government announcement to end combat operations .
" But , on the face of it , I think it 's good news . "
The military will now concentrate on " saving " and " rescuing civilians , " who have been caught in the fighting between government forces and rebel fighters , the presidential statement said .
The government 's decision followed an unscheduled meeting of the National Security Council called by President Mahinda Rajapaksa .
The session included the commanders of the army , navy and air force .
The developments came a day after Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease - fire from the Tamil rebels , warning instead that government troops would continue a new offensive until the group surrendered , a senior government official told CNN .
" The government is firm that ( the rebels ) lay down their arms and surrender .
We do not recognize this so - called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security .
The Tiger leadership had asked the international community to " pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease - fire offer .
The United States , the United Nations , the European Union and India have called for a cease - fire .
The foreign ministers of three nations are due in Sri Lanka on Wednesday -- David Miliband of the United Kingdom , Bernard Kouchner of France and Carl Bildt of Sweden .
The rebels ' proposed cease - fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam ( LTTE ) .
Government troops made significant advances into rebel - held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan army sources .
A government - imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday .
Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast .
Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of " fresh displacement " now exceeds 100,000 people .
Watch civilians describe what they are experiencing »
Fifty metric tons of relief supplies -- which landed in Colombo on Monday -- will be sent by UNICEF to the north to help displaced residents .
UNICEF , which called the situation in the north a " catastrophe for children , " said the displaced lack food , water and basic medical supplies .
The rebels estimate the number of civilians still located in the territory at more than 160,000 .
The Sri Lankan military said it " freed 3,254 civilians from LTTE clutches " in operations Sunday .
The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 .
As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .
All About Sri Lanka • Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Shares
James Reston ’s Appendectomy
For many Americans , the current wave of public fascination with “ complementary and alternative medicine ( CAM ) ” can be traced to a single event : New York Times columnist James Reston ’s appendectomy in China during the summer of 1971 , which Reston reported in an interesting and amusing article on July 26 of that year .
Many of those who noticed the publicity following this event erroneously concluded that Mr. Reston had undergone “ acupuncture anesthesia . ”
A few years ago , a Google search for “ acupuncture and Reston ” revealed that approximately 50 % of the numerous “ hits ” reported this , as though it were an uncontroversial fact .
Other sources have suggested the same , but in veiled language .
Here are examples of each :
In the 1970s , interest in the procedure was sparked when New York Times editor James Reston wrote an article about his experience with acupuncture .
Reston was covering Richard Nixon ’s visit to China when Reston needed an emergency appendectomy , and acupuncture was used as an anesthetic .
—UPenn News 1995
In 1972 President Nixon opened the doors to China .
A New York Times journalist James Reston was in China at the time and had an emergency appendectomy with acupuncture used as the anesthetic .
— American Acupuncture
[ Acupuncture ] made its official appearance in the U.S. in 1971 when an article by J. Reston was published in the New York Times describing his personal experience with acupuncture .
While in Beijing reporting on a Ping - Pong tournament , he underwent an emergency appendectomy .
Acupuncture was used as surgical anesthesia and to relieve post - operative pain .
— Center for the Healing Arts , P.C.
The first US national media coverage concerning Acupuncture was in 1971 during President Nixon ’s visit to China .
There , visiting columnist James Reston told of his emergency appendectomy performed under Acupuncture anesthesia . —
AZ Multicare
When New York Times columnist James Reston underwent an appendectomy while accompanying the Nixon entourage to Beijing in 1971 , he wrote about a medical discovery called “ acupuncture anesthesia . ”
Eisenberg , David , with Thomas Lee Wright : Encounters with Qi ( p. 28 )
About a month after his appendectomy , Reston did write about acupuncture anesthesia — but not referring to his own operation .
Those who do n’t report that Reston had acupuncture anesthesia are likely to write , also erroneously , that his “ intense post - operative pain was relieved by acupuncture ” :
In 1971 , a journalist named James Reston was travelling in the People ’s Republic of China .
He had received an emergency appendectomy and was suffering from extreme post - surgical pain .
To his surprise , acupuncture relieved the pain . —
http://www.acupuncturehealingarts.com/pain.html
New York Times reporter James Reston ’s account of how physicians in Beijing eased his post - surgery abdominal pain with needles . —
http://www.nih.gov/news/pr/nov97/od-05.htm
After the emergency operation was completed , Reston was in extreme discomfort and pain .
To give him relief , the Chinese doctors performed an ancient practice of inserting needles into special areas of the skin to safely deaden the pain .
This is called acupuncture . —
http://www.school-for-champions.com/history/acupuncture.htm
Reston wrote a front - page story in the Times — ” an obituary to his appendix , ” as Eisenberg recalls it — that described how his intense postoperative pain was relieved by acupuncture , an ancient technique of Chinese medicine then unknown in the West .
“ This was an intellectual shot heard round the world , ” Eisenberg says .
“ It resulted in NIH sending teams of scientists and clinicians to China to see if acupuncture anesthesia had any validity . ”
The 17 - year - old Harvard freshman was fascinated .
“ It was something out of Star Trek — the idea that acupuncture needles could change pain sensations in a human being was like magic , ” Eisenberg recalls .
( Harvard Magazine , March / April 2002 )
The “ Intellectual Shot ” was a Blank
What is the reality of Reston ’s report and of “ acupuncture anesthesia ” in general ?
The front - page article , “ Now , About My Operation in Peking , ” appeared in the New York Times on July 26 , 1971 .
Aside from the removal of Reston ’s appendix , the account is quite different from what is commonly believed .
There are only two passages pertaining to the anesthetic itself :
… removed my appendix on July 17 after a normal injection of Xylocain and Benzocain , which anesthetized the middle of my body .
… and then pumped the area anesthetic by needle into my back .
Thus the anesthetic was a standard regional technique , most likely an “ epidural . ”
There is only one passage that pertains to the treatment of Mr. Reston ’s post - operative incisional pain :
I was back in my room …by 11 [ PM ] .
The doctors came by to reassure me …gave me an injection to relieve the pain …
In other words , he got a standard injection of narcotic .
This may have been repeated , but he did n’t report this .
Only during the following night , more than 24 hours after the operation , did Mr. Reston have his brief encounter with qi :
I was in considerable discomfort if not pain during the second night after the operation , and Li Chang - yuan , doctor of acupuncture at the hospital , with my approval , inserted three long , thin needles into the outer part of my right elbow and below my knees and manipulated them in order to stimulate them and relieve the pressure and distention of the stomach .
That sent ripples of pain racing through my limbs and , at least , had the effect of diverting my attention from the distress in my stomach .
Meanwhile , Dr. Li lit two pieces of an herb called ai , which looked like the burning stumps of a broken cheap cigar , and held them close to my abdomen while occasionally twirling the needles into action .
All this took about 20 minutes , during which I remember thinking that it was rather a complicated way to get rid of gas on the stomach , but there was a noticeable relaxation of the pressure distension within an hour and no recurrence of the problem thereafter .
So , at a time when his incisional pain was waning , Mr. Reston experienced a “ discomfort . ”
Not “ pain , ” not “ severe , ” not even “ cramping ” –descriptions that are common in others ’ accounts of the event , offering only the Times article as a reference .
The discomfort passed within an hour , during the first 20 minutes of which Reston was needled and subjected to “ moxibustion . ”
We ca n’t be certain of the cause of the discomfort , but bowel distention is a reasonable guess , and is consistent with its timing after the appendectomy .
If this had been the case , it would be surprising only if the discomfort had not been transient .
There is no need to invoke acupuncture in its resolution , other than Reston ’s reasonable suggestion that the pain from the needles was , at first , a distraction .
Actual Accounts of Acupuncture Anesthesia
Wide - eyed Westerners have offered several extraordinary accounts of acupuncture anesthesia .
Dr. Eisenberg , in his book Encounters with Qi , reported having observed a brain operation performed with acupuncture and moderate sedation , and two thyroidectomies performed with acupuncture alone .
He wrote that the Chinese had explained to him that the first open - chest operation with acupuncture had been performed in Liuzhou in 1957 .
He wrote that abdominal and chest surgeries had originally required several acupuncturists and more than 100 needles , but that over a period of a few years the number of needles was markedly reduced , sometimes to only one .
He reported that according to Chinese sources , “ acupuncture failed to give adequate pain relief in 20 to 30 percent of all abdominal , gynecological , or chest surgery . ”
Typical of accounts by westerners , shortly after Nixon made his rapprochement with China , was this one by E. Grey Dimond , published in JAMA in 1971 :
This patient was a 40 year - old man with a large non -toxic adenoma of the thyroid .
On the night before surgery he had received at bedtime 400 mg of meprobamate ( Miltown ) .
There were no preoperative medications .
The patient walked into the operating room , took off his pajama top , retaining the pants , and stretched out on the operating table .
One stainless steel acupuncture needle was inserted in the extensor aspect of each forearm , at a point approximately 4 inches proximal to the wrist , at a depth of 1 to 11/ 4 inches , between the radius and ulna .
This point was carefully selected and identified as the most effective for anesthesia in thyroid surgery .
A small clip was attached to the shaft of each needle and then connection made to a direct current battery power unit delivering 9 volts at 105 cycles per minute .
Details of the wave form , current , or circuitry could not be supplied by the anesthetist .
An intravenous drip of 5 % dextrose was begun and to it was added 50 mg of meperidine hydrochloride ( Demerol ) .
Typing and crossmatching had been done .
During a 20 - minute “ induction ” period surgical preparation and draping were done .
No other anesthetic agent was added .
The patient remained fully conscious and normally alert .
He advised me , through the interpreter , that he was noting numbness and tingling of both hands ; no motor change occurred .
After 20 minutes surgery began and a skillful team moved rapidly through the operating procedure .
At one point the patient took a sip of water .
A large adenoma , approximately 2 cm by 3 cm in size , was removed and the wound closed .
The patient sat up , had a full glass of milk , held up his little red book , and said in a firm voice : “ Long live Chairman Mao and welcome American doctors . ”
He then put on his pajama top , stepped to the floor , and walked out of the operating room .
Isidore Rosenfeld , the grandfatherly cardiologist and health editor of Parade magazine , reported having observed an open - heart operation in China in the 1970s .
Several other American physicians accompanied him .
The patient was a 28 - year - old woman .
According to Dr. Rosenfeld , who took a photograph of the patient during surgery , her only anesthetic had been a single acupuncture needle in the right ear , connected to an electrical source .
Dr. Rosenfeld reported that she underwent repair of her mitral valve through a midline sternal ( breast bone ) incision and remained awake throughout the procedure .
He also wrote that the patient had “ no intravenous needle in her arm . ”
Skeptic Gary Posner , an internist , read Rosenfeld ’s account in the August 16 , 1998 issue of Parade and immediately recognized a problem in physiology : even if the patient had experienced no pain whatsoever , Star Trek style , she would n’t have been able to breathe after her chest was opened because of an inability to generate negative intrathoracic pressure .
This phenomenon , known as “ flail chest , ” would also have been a problem for the 1957 Liuzhou patient reported by Eisenberg .
Posner and our fellow blogger Wally Sampson , the editor of the Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine , offered a plausible explanation .
Their examination of Rosenfeld ’s photograph suggested that the operation was not open - heart surgery , but a “ closed ” mitral valve commissurotomy through a small subcostal ( below a rib ) incision .
This would have allowed the patient to breathe spontaneously , while also requiring minimal analgesia .
But does n’t acupuncture offer some analgesic or anesthetic effect that ca n’t be explained by ordinary phenomena ?
One of the first accounts to cast doubt on that assertion , and still the most rational early Western assessment of “ acupuncture anesthesia , ” was that of cardiac surgeon Michael DeBakey in The Reader ’s Digest of September , 1973 .
After witnessing actual open - heart surgery in Shanghai on a 21 year - old boy who “ apparently had been anesthetized with acupuncture needles , ” DeBakey wrote that he was
as doubtful of [ acupuncture ’s ] importance to medicine today as I was before I visited China .
It is understandable that many observers have been startled by what they have seen of acupuncture .
The sight of a fully conscious “ needled ” patient submitting to a surgeon ’s knife without flinching is awe - inspiring .
But , to a trained surgeon , the procedure is not so astonishing .
Dr. DeBakey explained that prior to the operation the patient was drowsy , having been given phenobarbital and morphine .
Several acupuncture needles were then inserted in various places and connected to an electrical source , which caused the patient ’s muscles to twitch .
The next step was more revealing :
But before the surgeon reached for his scalpel , he injected a local anesthetic into the skin and tissues about the young man ’s breastbone .
Other members of the surgical team said later that such locals were often used , because otherwise patients felt the pain of the first surgical incision in their skin .
This was the only time I saw a local used before the initial incision .
If it was used in every operation , there would be no mystery to acupuncture at all — it would be virtually identical to operations that we performed routinely many years ago using only local anesthetics .
Although DeBakey did n’t make this point specifically , the infiltration of local anesthetic explained not only the patient ’s insensitivity to the skin incision , but also to the splitting of the sternum : the description suggests that the surgeon anesthetized the intercostal nerves , which would have served to block all sternal sensation .
DeBakey ’s account also provides an alternative explanation for the problem of “ flail ” chest in an awake , spontaneously breathing patient undergoing open - chest surgery : in this case the patient had cardiopulmonary bypass accomplished via the “ fem - fem ” route .
If this had begun prior to the chest being opened , it would have provided adequate gas exchange for the patient even in the absence of spontaneous ventilation .
Although DeBakey reported that the patient “ actually talked occasionally to the anesthetist while the heart was stopped , ” the ability to make small tidal volumes — enough to make soft utterances , but not to sustain adequate ventilation — would not be surprising in this circumstance .
DeBakey also reported other facts of “ acupuncture anesthesia ” that were later confirmed by others .
Not only were most patients who underwent acupuncture for surgery given sedatives , narcotics , and local anesthetics , but they were a carefully selected group who “ met very strict criteria . ”
DeBakey ’s hosts told him that “ most people ca n’t take it ” and that those even willing to try ranged from only 7 to 30 percent of the population , depending on the location .
These percentages are remarkable in light of the intense political and cultural pressure to showcase traditional Chinese medicine that existed at that time , as will be discussed in Part II of this series .
This was Nothing New
As surprising as it may sound to the modern ear , it had been known for centuries that a small percentage of people can undergo surgery or other typically painful procedures , such as tooth extractions , with minimal or no apparent pain .
Melvin Gravitz , writing about hypnosis or ‘ Mesmerism , ’ cited numerous such examples from the 19th and 20th centuries .
Petr Skrabanek , writing in Stalker and Glymour ’s Examining Holistic Medicine , cited others that were strikingly similar to the case reported above by Dimond :
Formal hypnosis , however , is not necessary .
Parker operated on many patients in China without any anesthesia ( or acupuncture ) and was astonished by their apparent insensibility to pain .
In 1843 , he performed a mastectomy on a patient , who , when the operation was over , “ raised herself from the table without assistance , jumped on the floor and made her bow to the gentlemen present , in the Chinese style , and walked into another room as though nothing had occurred . ”
Similar observations were made by other Western surgeons in China , such as Lockhart , McPherson , and others .
“ The manner in which they bear the pain of an operation is perfectly astounding , ” wrote Gordon in 1863 , “ a large proportion of those upon whom operations were performed had no chloroform … some did not even clench their hands or teeth , but lay upon the table perfectly motionless , while their muscles were being cut by the knife and their bones divided by the saw . ”
Next :
An anesthesiologist ’s perspective
***
The ‘ Acupuncture Anesthesia ’ series :
1. “ Acupuncture Anesthesia ” : A Proclamation from Chairman Mao ( Part I )
2. “ Acupuncture Anesthesia ” : A Proclamation from Chairman Mao ( Part II )
3. “ Acupuncture Anesthesia ” : A Proclamation from Chairman Mao ( Part III )
4. “ Acupuncture Anesthesia ” : A Proclamation from Chairman Mao ( Part IV )
5. ‘ Acupuncture Anesthesia ’ Redux : another Skeptic and an Unfortunate Misportrayal at the NCCAM
