KERRY O'BRIEN , PRESENTER :
The first opinion polls immediately after Julia Gillard became Prime Minister showed a large bloc of voters who had deserted to the Greens , disillusioned with the Rudd Government , coming back to Labor with a rush .
One poll showed Green support almost halving .
But will they stick ?
Having seen the Gillard compromise with miners on Kevin Rudd 's resources tax , they 'll presumably be wary of her promise to toughen up Labor 's policy on asylum seekers and whether she 'll stiffen her party 's commitment to establishing a price on carbon after postponing the ETS timetable .
It 's a dilemma for Greens leader Bob Brown , who on the one hand wants a better relationship with Labor than under Kevin Rudd , but on the other hand wants every vote he can get to win the balance of power in the Senate and possibly even a historic Lower House seat at Labor 's expense .
Bob Brown joins me now from Brisbane .
Bob Brown , one of your senators , Sarah Hanson - Young , has described Julia Gillard 's recent comments on asylum seekers as dog- whistling and the lowest form of politics that she 's seen played for a long time by the Labor Party .
Now that is a very strong statement .
Do you agree with it ?
BOB BROWN , GREENS LEADER :
It 's a very strong statement , but when you hear the Prime Minister of the nation saying that she 's not going to support political correctness , that 's a direct put down to people who do believe in humanity , in decency and in legality in treating the people who fear persecution and come to our shores as asylum seekers .
KERRY O'BRIEN : But is n't there fault on both sides in a very emotional debate ?
Do you acknowledge - do you acknowledge the right of - or do you understand why some people might develop an anxiety about the issue without being racist and without the right of others to call them racist ?
BOB BROWN : Yeah , of course I do , but there 's a lot of xenophobia being traded on by both the big parties here .
You 've only gotta listen to Scott Morrison in action to understand that .
And what we 're missing here and have missed for so long in this country is leadership , Kerry .
Four per cent of the migrants to this nation in the last six months came in boats .
96 per cent did n't .
But we 're not hearing a debate about them , nor about the 50,000 overstayers on visas who came by plane and who are illegal in this country .
What we 're getting is the debate honed in on these unfortunate people seeking refuge with their families , escaping persecution , coming to our shores and being denied their proper legal access and then this political debate , which is all about winning votes , at their hapless expense .
This is the nation of a fair go ; you would n't think so listening to Julia Gillard and you would n't think so listening to Tony Abbott and his crew .
KERRY O'BRIEN : And yet when Julia Gillard became Prime Minister you described her as straight - talking and honest and direct in her dealings with you .
Dog - whistling is hardly honest .
Do you believe that she 's undergone some fundamental change from the perspective you developed about her in so short a time ?
BOB BROWN : Well I was very surprised to hear what she had to say yesterday .
I thought it was a very poor show of leadership from Julia Gillard and it corroborated that warning given by her predecessor , Mr Rudd , about he was not going to be pushed to the right on this issue .
Well , there is a move to the right in the Labor Party and it's very frightening , very worrying indeed .
Look , yes , I do have direct and honest relationships with Julia Gillard , but she 's not going to - a dog whistle 's not going to work with me , Kerry .
Out there with the wider voting public , John Howard has shown it can work , it can change votes at the expense of decent human beings who do n't deserve that sort of vilification - by - inference that we hear from serial political leaders in this country .
KERRY O'BRIEN : But you obviously have a sympathetic view to boat people .
A the same time , the Government says that 50 per cent in the recent past - 50 per cent of Afghan asylum seekers have been found not to have a case for refugee status in accordance with the UN convention .
Now do you accept the Government 's right , ethical right , if an asylum seeker does not have - is not granted refugee status , and including - and has their appeal rejected , that the Government has the ethical right to return them to the country they came from ?
BOB BROWN : Kerry , we 've always said , and Sarah Hanson - Young , our spokesperson on this , has always said that people who are not asylum seekers should be sent home .
That said , it is curious , passing curious , that 99 per cent of asylum seekers from Afghanistan up until April were found to be genuine refugees .
And here we have a situation in which this government , which Julia Gillard endorses with Minister Evans , has decided not to process the asylum applications from people coming from a country where we 've deployed our troops , which has a war and a terrifying civil death toll .
But our government says , " That 's no worry .
We 'll stop processing asylum seeker applications from that country . "
Now you do n't have to be very smart to understand that that is wrong .
KERRY O'BRIEN : And what is the ...
BOB BROWN : That that is a politics of illogicality as well as inhumanity .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Well you could also apply the logic that says , well , if there is so much danger in Afghanistan , every person in the country who has any sense of danger has a right to leave and seek asylum somewhere else in their hundreds of thousands .
I mean , where do ...
BOB BROWN : Kerry , there 's two million of them in Pakistan and there 's hundreds of thousands in Iran , and that just shows the danger that they 've left in their homeland of Pakistan .
Let me remind you here that Australia takes a tiny fraction of the asylum seekers that go to Canada , that go to the United States , that go to Italy or France .
This has been pushed up , quite concocted by the big political parties at the expense of unfortunate asylum seekers who have a right , a legal right under the international refugee convention to seek asylum on our shores as if it was the biggest issue of the day .
Four per cent of immigration in the last six months ; the other 96 per cent ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : You 've said that .
BOB BROWN : ... and then add - yes , but I make that point because it 's very important to understanding the failure of leadership here by serial leaders including now Julia Gillard .
KERRY O'BRIEN : And what if the UNHCR , the United Nations body for refugees , says it is now safe for Sri Lankan asylum seekers to return home ?
Do you accept the Government 's right to send Sri Lankans home in those changed circumstances ?
BOB BROWN : Well , firstly , the Government decided before that news that it would put a block on Sri Lankan asylum seekers .
Kerry , as a journalist you 'll be aware of the ongoing assassination of opponents to the government in Sri Lanka .
It is a very dangerous country .
The United Nations may have made that judgment , but everybody seeking asylum from Sri Lanka , as with China , has to have their individual application and their special circumstances looked at by government .
It 's not a wholesale one country is in and one country is out .
Every person has to have their reasons for seeking asylum in this country properly around legally processed .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Even if the numbers of asylum seekers coming to Australia by boat are still relatively small , they do still represent a big increase .
Would you argue that every asylum seeker arriving here by boat should be accepted no matter how much the rate of arrival escalates - there were 160 boat arrivals I think in 2008 , 2,726 last year and already 3,500 - odd this year .
What if that rate keeps escalating ; is there no point at which you would acknowledge the Government 's right to limit asylum seeker arrives ?
BOB BROWN : Well , let 's not talk about hypotheticals , let 's talk about the reality .
180,000 immigrants have come to this country in the first part of this year .
It is a very tiny number .
Let me again say : do we accept the 50,000 overstayers who 've come by plane about whom there 's no debate .
And let me also put it at - the numbers forward , where we 've got a humanitarian program in this country which is very tiny compared to the rest of the program .
Sure , that may need to be adjusted , but the time has not come for that yet , Kerry .
What has happened here is this concentration on this , on this ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : What limit would you put on it ?
At what point - where would you draw the line ?
BOB BROWN : What do you think it should be , Kerry ?
What do you think the population of this country should be ?
Governance takes the circumstances at the times and calibrates it .
KERRY O'BRIEN : You 're the elected senator .
You 're the party leader ; I 'm asking you .
BOB BROWN : Well I 'm telling you that the 6,000 people who have come by boat to this country should all be processed legally and accepted into this country if they 're genuine refugees , and the majority of Australians in the most recent opinion polls agree .
They believe that genuine asylum seekers should be brought into this country and made part of this country 's future , made productive citizens of this country , and I agree with that majority .
KERRY O'BRIEN : OK .
You 've been upfront that you want to gain the balance of power in your own right in the Senate at the next election .
That 's an understandable ambition .
So presumably you want to differentiate the Greens as much as possible from both major parties .
Is that why you 've also had harsh words to say about Julia Gillard 's changes to Kevin Rudd 's mining tax ?
BOB BROWN : Well , the presumption 's wrong .
You know the differentiation between the Greens and the big party grows every day as they move to the right .
But , yes , the mining tax ; I wrote - I was very public - I wrote to Kevin Rudd when that was announced and said that we Greens would support it .
We could see that there could be some adjustment made .
We wanted a sovereign fund for this nation 's future .
But the monumental backdown by Prime Minister Gillard and her Treasurer and her minister for Mining in the last few days where they cut the rate from 40 per cent to effectively 22.5 per cent , I think , Kerry , will lead to somewhere - we 'll find this out from Treasury ; I 've asked for a briefing - about $ 4 billion being stripped out of the budget per annum for the coming decade after the first couple of years .
Now that 's money not available ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : And yet the figures that have been given suggest $ 1.5 billion less .
Now the question is would you consider blocking this in a Senate where you had the balance of power after the next election if it meant having no tax at all rather than having the tax the size you want ?
BOB BROWN : No , that 's the Abbott Coalition position : block everything .
They did it with the stimulus package .
We 'd be in recession if it had been left to the Opposition .
We Greens altered that , we got a jobs dividend for rural and regional Australia , we got a much better terms of reference and we helped save this nation from recession .
Instead of double digit unemployment , we 're headed for 4.75 per cent unemployment this year .
Now , the same with this tax .
We - I can guarantee you , Kerry , that we will ensure a curry comb is run through this tax with a very close Senate scrutiny .
Let 's have small business in , which is going to , as a result of last year 's - last week 's backdown being pay one per cent extra tax every year in the coming years because the miners peeled it back .
KERRY O'BRIEN : But there 's a difference between a very close scrutiny and rejecting .
Are you - would you say on the table that your ultimate weapon is to reject this tax , or will you stop at close scrutiny and support whatever deal you can strike at the end ?
BOB BROWN : Well , my experience is we 'll get a better deal out of it , and that means for small business .
Let me tell you ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : Very quickly .
BOB BROWN : ... it is not my intention to block it , but to make it better , as we did ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : OK .
BOB BROWN : And that 's a responsible economic position for the Greens to be taking , Kerry .
KERRY O'BRIEN : OK .
Personal question before you go : you 've been leading the Greens in the Senate for 14 years now ; you can truly be termed a veteran .
You turn 66 later this year .
Do you see yourself staying on indefinitely ?
BOB BROWN : I do .
I 'm very , very happy .
I 've got a great team of senators .
I 've been travelling around with Larissa Waters in Queensland - and I hope she 'll be the next Greens senator for Queensland - in the last few days .
Look , we are a hugely important alternative for voters .
If we get an Abbott Senate , there 'll be gridlock ; if we get a Green senator - Senate in the balance of power , there 'll be a much better dividend for voters .
So I 'm here to get people to vote Green in this election , Kerry .
KERRY O'BRIEN : OK .
What a surprise !
We 're out of time .
Bob Brown , thanks for talking with us .
BOB BROWN : Thanks , Kerry .
As explained here , the provision to force banks to spin - off their derivatives business , which Lewis briefly alludes to , will probably fall .
But as argued here , that 's probably for the best .
Consequently , although this proposal would certainly be a threat , it 's not likely that it will make it into the final bill .
Rating Agencies
Next , Lewis mentions Sen . Al Franken 's ( D - MN ) aggressive provision that seeks to eliminate the conflict - of - interest that rating agencies can fall prey to by getting paid by the issuers to whom they provide ratings .
This could make a big difference in the industry , but it 's hard to see how this would hurt Wall Street .
Loan issuers might not be able to get away with shoddy underwriting , but traders would ultimately be better off with more accurate ratings .
If they have third - party analysts doing higher quality due diligence for them , then that lowers their internal costs .
And frankly , for mortgage securitization to make a comeback , investors need to become more comfortable with loan underwriting practices .
So more conservative rating agencies could help Wall Street get this business going again , which would provide more funding for issuers .
So although this might be viewed as a threat , it would ultimately work to the industry 's advantage .
Even though it's in everyone 's best interest , it may be shed from the final bill , however , as it is n't contained in the House version .
The Populist Factor
Finally , Lewis says banks are worried about the angry masses .
They fear that , as the financial reform battle becomes more exposed , rather than waged behind closed doors , the results will be less favorable to the industry .
This is likely something that the industry does view as a threat , but it probably does n't need to worry about .
First , voters care a lot more about 10 % unemployment than they do financial reform .
So while some politicians might perceive additional regulation as a huge voter issue , they 're probably overestimating it .
Second , even though some groups are making a lot of noise about the need to crack down on Wall Street , the financial reform battle has n't captured nearly the populist interest that something like the health care reform battle did .
Due to its complexity and the distance the average American feels to Wall Street , they just are n't gripped by the topic .
Finally , additional bad publicity probably is n't cutting into their consumer business .
How many people have actually left the big ' evil ' banks for smaller ones ?
Very few , because -- despite their poor customer service and the accusations of bad behavior -- you just can't beat the convenience .
Is it annoying and undesirable to have some populist fury ?
Yes , but it probably is n't ultimately much of a threat .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are , you would never think a negative thought .
— Peace Pilgrim
Whether LeBron James , the kingpin of this summer 's celebrated free - agent class , will join them remains to be seen .
James will announce his decision at 9 p.m. ET
Thursday during a one - hour special on ESPN .
Wade and Bosh are expected to announce their decision on Wednesday afternoon , according to the source , and continue to lobby James , along with Heat president Pat Riley , to join them in Miami , despite the financial complexities involved for the Heat to make room for all three .
Both players are expected to get the maximum amount allowable under the league 's collective bargaining agreement , though the addition of James could change the players ' salaries .
Contracts cannot be officially signed until Thursday .
It was not immediately clear whether Bosh -- who spent seven seasons with the Toronto Raptors -- will sign with Miami outright or join the Heat through a sign - and - trade deal .
Bosh could earn $ 125 million over six years via sign - and - trade , but only $ 96 million in five without it .
" Either way , he 's definitely going to Miami , " the source said .
League sources say Riley is trying to convince Bosh to take the five - year max deal and leave Toronto outright .
The Raptors are trying to persuade Bosh to demand a six - year deal and a sign - and - trade so that they get something out of the deal .
Earlier this week , the Raptors reportedly had been reluctant to do a sign - and - trade , especially with Miami , contending the Heat did not have any players of interest .
But if Bosh leaves outright , the Raptors are left with , at most , $ 4 million in cap space to replace Bosh .
One source with knowledge of Toronto 's thinking told ESPN.com 's Marc Stein that the Raptors , as of 9 a.m. ET , had yet to hear anything official from Bosh 's camp about his intentions .
Raptors general manager Bryan Colangelo , in a text message to The Associated Press on Wednesday morning , said , " I have nothing official from anyone . "
Amid a growing sense among rival executives that James intends to stay with his hometown Cleveland Cavaliers , sources close to the situation told ESPN.com that James is still seriously considering joining forces with Wade and Bosh in Miami and had a discussion about the possibility that all three could wind up playing together for the Heat on a conference call early Wednesday morning .
James or not , the Heat could emerge as one of the top teams in the Eastern Conference with Wade and Bosh aboard .
Wade , Bosh and James have maintained a dialogue throughout the free - agent process and in the days leading up to July 1 , keeping alive the possibility that all three could wind up playing together for the Heat while also sifting through the various options on the table .
ESPN.com reported June 28 that the trio held a scaled - down version of the free - agent summit originally suggested by Wade to seriously discuss their futures , with a focus on the idea that all three could team up with the Heat .
Sources close to the situation insist , though , that James has not promised anything to his Team USA colleagues and is not tipping off which way he 's leaning .
For much of Monday and Tuesday , several team executives and league insiders expressed their belief to ESPN.com that James re-signing with the Cavaliers , and Wade and Bosh landing together in Miami , was the most likely outcome of a saga that began three years ago when James , Wade and Bosh all signed contracts that enabled them to become free agents in the summer of 2010 .
But the New York Knicks , after securing a verbal commitment from free agent power forward Amare Stoudemire , have not surrendered in the chase for James , despite a growing sense around the league that the opportunity to play with Wade and Bosh is the only scenario that prevent the Cavs from keeping their face of the franchise .
Chris Broussard is an NBA writer for ESPN The Magazine .
ESPN The Magazine 's Ric Bucher , ESPN.com senior NBA writer Marc Stein and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
There are fears that Australian soldiers could have been exposed to deadly particles by firing dummy charges which contained asbestos during artillery training drills .
An internal investigation has been launched after one of the charges broke and spread asbestos dust in a small room of people at the Puckapunyal training base last October .
The Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) has been importing dummy charge bags containing white chrysotile asbestos from the United States for the last 46 years .
It was thought the material was safe for soldiers to use , but that view has now changed .
Lindsay Kranz , the director general Occupational Health and Safety for Defence , says the dummy charges come as part of a training kit for the Army 's 105 mm howitzer .
He says the charge bags were recently removed from use after the Puckapunyal incident .
" In October last year one broke and a couple of people in close proximity were exposed and that 's when there was an internal investigation of that scenario , " he said .
" Then that went further into the whole use of those dummy bags and at that point they were all withdrawn from service . "
Mr Cranz says the chances of artillerymen being exposed to deadly fibres are slim .
But he is asking for personnel to come forward if they are experiencing breathing difficulties .
" It appears that in the main they were used outside , " he said .
" If they had broken and asbestos had been released ... it was in the open air and therefore not in concentration ... we think that the risk even to the people dealing with the bags all the time is probably very low . "
Kevin Reed , who trained with the howitzers for nearly 12 years , says soldiers were asked to destroy the bags after use .
" Any charge bags that were left over at the end of the live firing period , we burnt off , " he said .
Dangerous substance
Kevin Reed knows the dangers of asbestos exposure but he says he is not concerned about the threat of contracting mesothelioma .
" We 're talking about people who grew up post - war , " he said .
" We lived in fibro houses , asbestos was everywhere , and some small amount in a charge bag probably did n't worry the great majority of us . "
But Barry Robson , from the Asbestos Disease Foundation , says it could take up to 30 years before an exposed soldier starts showing symptoms .
" The whole gun crew would have been affected and anybody else standing around near them when the charges were let off , " he said .
Mr Robson says the Defence Force is responsible for whatever ill effects the soldiers may face in the future .
" They should be held very accountable , especially if they knew that these charge bags contain asbestos fibres and then they still used them up until just recently , " he said .
" I find it borders on criminal . "
Wednesday , June 9 , 2010 at 1:46AM
Unite the Union , the trade union representing cabin crew employees of British Airways , has said it will continue to strike through the summer if it cannot reach an agreement with the airline over pay and benefits .
Unite ’s twelve - week legal protective period ends next week , requiring the union to re-ballot its members and pass another strike resolution in order to continue the industrial action .
The Advisory Conciliation and Arbitration Service ( ACAS ) tried to schedule new talks between officials of British Airways and Unite the Union , but as yet , it is unsuccessful .
Tom Woodley of Unite , said recently , “ We will stand up to BA bullies – even if it means another strike . ”
The Daily Mail reported earlier this month that Unite the Union is “ losing support among the public and its own membership . ”
Nevertheless , the multinational trade union remains the largest in the United Kingdom .
It was founded in 2007 with the merger of Amicus the Union and the Transport and General Workers ’ Union .
British Airways was formed in 1974 with the merger of the British Overseas Airways Corporation and British European Airways .
It is the United Kingdom ’s highest - profile airline , and is headquartered very near its main hub Heathrow Airport ( IATA : LHR ; ICAO : EGLL ) in the London borough of Hillingdon .
related stories
IATA Chief Executive slams unions for striking ( June 8 , 2010 )
British Airways will expand its immediate - term flight schedule ( June 4 , 2010 )
British Airways will expand its immediate - term flight schedule ( May 26 , 2010 )
Unite the Union begins strike series against British Airways ( May 24 , 2010 )
The Unite strikes against British Airways are back on ( May 21 , 2010 )
Unite is barred from going forward with BA strike action ( May 18 , 2010 )
British Airways has released its contingency plan for the first strike ( May 15 , 2010 )
British Airways and cabin crew union are trying to avert strikes ( May 12 , 2010 )
original story ( UK Daily Mail )
The U.K.'s new coalition government will deliver Britain 's most important and painful budget in decades today , with a spending plan that is likely to define the fortunes of both the government and the country for years to come .
You can read our run-up to the announcement here , and follow our live coverage of the key points -- and market reaction -- as it unfolds here , from 12:30 p.m. BST ( 7:30 a.m. EST ) Tuesday .
The budget to be delivered by George Osborne today is expected to be extraordinary , in terms of the pain it 's expected ...
Press release from SIGGRAPH .
NewTek Introduces LightWave™ 10
Offering its most advanced 3D technology with real - time viewport rendering , support for instant OpenGL shading views , advanced data interchange , immersive filmmaking and visualization tools
LOS ANGELES — SIGGRAPH — July 27 , 2010 — NewTek , worldwide leader of 3D animation and video products , today announced NewTek LightWave™ 10 , the next generation of its Emmy ® award - winning professional 3D modeling , animation , and rendering software .
LightWave 10 will combine ground - breaking CORE Technology with enhanced Modeler and Layout to deliver the most extensive upgrade in years to LightWave ’s production - proven workflow .
NewTek continues to innovate with LightWave 10 , offering powerful new features and benefits to LightWave artists , including an amazingly photoreal real - time version of our award - winning renderer , VPR ( Viewport Preview Renderer ) and advanced , real - time CG hardware viewport shading , delivering Anaglyph Stereo , Ambient Occlusion , Transparency , Refractions , and Bloom .
LightWave 10 will also offer extensive , new immersive real - time virtual cinematography and game development tools .
These solutions evolved as a result of the virtual cinematic production techniques that were pioneered by leading Hollywood artists and technicians for films like “ Avatar , ” “ Tintin , ” and “ A Christmas Carol . ”
For production studios and more advanced individuals , this immersive technology includes integrated support for the InterSense VCam™ , virtual camera system .
The individual artist gains a similar immersive experience with LightWave 10 and its integrated support for 3 Dconnexion ’s complete line of 3D mice .
This powerful combination provides directors and artists with the ability to interact in real time within a 3D set .
“ As a LightWave HardCORE member , I love the power and flexibility that I get with the preview builds of LightWave 10 , ” said Lino Grandi , feature film creature rigging and visual effects supervisor .
“ VPR allows me to see the complex creature rigging deformations in a beautiful real - time render .
It ’s incredible to be able to work on a character rig and get this advanced level of visual feedback .
Interactive lighting , procedural textures , reflections , transparency , radiosity , it ’s all there . ”
LightWave 10 is ideal for all production pipelines — from large production facilities to small specialized studios .
It offers the following new elements :
Interactive Display and Rendering Tools :
Viewport Preview Rendering ( VPR ) –
See instant results with realistic view of scenes and objects with interactive light , nodal shading and scene set up
CG hardware real - time viewport shading – Real - time OpenGL view of Ambient Occlusion , Bloom , Stereoscopic Anaglyph and HDRI background images
Linear workflow – Supports consistent gamma , color space , and custom Look Up Tables ( LUTs ) for more realistic lighting , and to maximize compositing flexibility in a professional pipeline
Flexible Data Interchange Enhancements :
MDD with new enhancements and support for the Autodesk® Geometry Cache ?
Freedom to move deformations and transforms between applications allowing for an extremely flexible , extensible pipeline for animation , dynamics , effects , and rendering
COLLADA™ , FBX® , and ZBrush® interchange – Transfer , load and save camera data , lighting , objects , UV and image maps , plus parenting hierarchies , etc .
New Immersive , Real - Time and Game Tools :
Support for InterSense VCam , virtual camera system – Virtual production capabilities all for real - time interaction with 3D scenes
Support for 3 Dconnexion line of 3D mouse ?
Move through the virtual world and interact with models and scenes , controlling cameras and lights in real time
Bullet Rigid Body Dynamics :
Integrated dynamics and simulations ?
Create dynamics , calculations and simulations for effects such as collapsing buildings , breaking glass , etc .
Advanced UV Mapping Tools :
Enhanced LightWave workflow with powerful new UV tools such as Transform , Scale Rotate , Move , Separate , Stitch , Relax , UV Unwrap , Front , Cubic , Spherical and Cylindrical projections , plus cameras with both UVs and an automated texture node
“ The imagery created by LightWave users and studios and the yearly awards and recognitions for that work speaks for itself , ” said Rob Powers , vice president , 3D development , NewTek .
“ LightWave has an indisputable track record in the industry and allows studios and individuals to continually turn out award - winning work on time , on schedule , on budget and with a profit .
If you are doing feature film effects , prime time TV , commercial work , music videos , or a science fiction project and you ’re not using LightWave in your pipeline , you should reconsider your approach . ”
About LightWave
NewTek LightWave 3D ® combines a state - of - the - art renderer with powerful , intuitive modeling , and animation tools .
Tools that may cost extra in other professional 3D applications are part of the product package , including 999 free cross- platform render nodes , support for Windows and Mac UB 64 and 32 - bit operating systems , free technical support and more .
LightWave is enjoyed worldwide , as a complete 3D production solution for feature film and television visual effects , broadcast design , print graphics , visualization , game development , and Web .
LightWave is responsible for more artists winning Emmy ® Awards than any other 3D application .
Pricing and Availability
LightWave 10 will begin shipping in Q4 2010 .
Artists may gain access to preview builds of LightWave 10 immediately through NewTek SIGGRAPH special offers .
LightWave v9 for US $ 895 which includes a free upgrade to LightWave 10 and membership in LightWave HardCORE with immediate access to preview builds of LightWave 10
LightWave v9 upgrade for US $ 495 which includes a free upgrade to LightWave 10 and membership in LightWave HardCORE with immediate access to preview builds of LightWave 10
LightWave HardCORE membership for US $ 495 which includes a free upgrade to LightWave 10 and membership in LightWave HardCORE with immediate access to preview builds of LightWave 10
When LightWave 10 ships in Q4 2010 it will be available for a suggested retail price of US $ 1,495.00 LightWave 10 upgrades will be available for US $ 695 .
Educational pricing is also available .
For more information , please visit or call NewTek Sales at 800-368-5441 .
International callers dial +1-210-370-8000 .
About NewTek
Benefiting producers and artists with cost - effective and groundbreaking technologies , NewTek is a worldwide leader in 3D animation and special effects tools , portable live production and video editing including LightWave 3D ® , the TriCaster™ product line and 3PLAY ™ .
NewTek has won numerous industry accolades , including two Emmy ® Awards .
NewTek products have been used in blockbuster films and television shows , including “ Avatar , ” “ Repo Men , ” “ Alice in Wonderland , ” “ Tintin , ” “ The Dark Knight , ” “ Iron Man , ” “ Caprica , ” “ V , ” “ CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , ” “ Lost , ” “ Fringe ” and more .
NewTek is privately owned and based in San Antonio , Texas .
For more information , please visit : www.newtek.com.
Enlarge By Web Bryant , USA TODAY USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION Columns
In addition to its own editorials , USA TODAY publishes a variety of opinions from outside writers .
On political and policy matters , we publish opinions from across the political spectrum .
Roughly half of our columns come from our Board of Contributors , a group whose interests range from education to religion to sports to the economy .
Their charge is to chronicle American culture by telling the stories , large and small , that collectively make us what we are .
We also publish weekly columns by Al Neuharth , USA TODAY 's founder , and DeWayne Wickham , who writes primarily on matters of race but on other subjects as well .
That leaves plenty of room for other views from across the nation by well - known and lesser - known names alike .
Contributors Board
How to submit a column
In 2000 , the teenage landscape was a different place .
Destiny 's Child and 'N Sync topped the music charts , Survivor popularized the new " reality TV " genre and , most retro of all , employers were still hiring teens .
That 's something the iPad generation can't relate to :
About one in four teens will have a job this summer , down from more than half of teens just a decade ago , according to an April report from Northeastern University 's Center for Labor Market Studies .
" Kids got thrown out of the labor market in a big way , " said professor Andrew Sum , co-author of the report .
Sum laid out the competition teens faced in the last decade for low - level jobs :
Older workers ( 55 - plus ) , young college graduates ( 25 and under ) , immigrants and , as the construction and manufacturing sectors weakened , blue - collar workers .
" Teen workers occupy the ' last hired , first fired ' rung on the job ladder , and their employment is hit much harder during downturns than that of older workers , " wrote Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , in a 2009 analysis .
This has certainly been true this recession , when teens have been hurt more than any other age group .
" We 're at risk of having a lost generation of teens who were excluded from that valuable first job experience , " said Michael Saltsman , a research fellow at the Employment Policies Institute ( EPI ) .
It 's a risk Washington is working to alleviate : A bill that included $ 1 billion over 10 years for youth job creation and training was passed by the House last month and is awaiting a Senate vote .
But if it does pass , that $ 1 billion wo n't buy a generation - wide rescue .
Instead , the legislation aims to create 350,000 jobs , helping just a fraction of the estimated 2.4 million job - seeking teens .
An enduring crisis
Though a $ 1 billion subsidy is n't small change , the problem is even bigger :
Teen employment has withered in the past decade , creating a teen jobs crisis that will persist well after the recession 's end .
Factor in the unsustainable national debt , and government subsidies are clearly not the elixir here .
Instead , it 's a good time to try a budget - neutral idea :
Set a separate , lower minimum wage for those ages 16 - 19 .
James Sherk , a labor policy analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation , estimated that a shift back to $ 5.15 an hour for teens could create nearly 500,000 such jobs — at zero cost to taxpayers .
It 's notable that the federal minimum wage has seen a swift and steep increase in the past few years .
Since 2007 , it has jumped 41 % , growing to the current $ 7.25 an hour from $ 5.15 .
In that same time , the May teen unemployment rate has skyrocketed to 26 % from 16 % .
A 10 % increase in the minimum wage reduces teen employment by about 2 % , Sherk figures .
And while the recession clearly played a large role , the rapid minimum - wage hikes exacerbated the job losses .
A March policy brief from Ball State University estimated that 310,000 teens were without part - time employment because of the increases .
When the minimum wage rose , creation of part - time entry level jobs plummeted — disproportionately impacting teens .
Minority teens are especially hard hit .
For every 10 % increase in the minimum wage , there is a 7 % decrease in employment for black and Hispanic teens , according to a 2007 study for EPI by David Neumark , a professor at the University of California - Irvine .
Currently , black and Hispanic teen unemployment rates ( 38 % and 29 % , respectively ) are significantly higher than that of white teens ( 25 % ) .
Why such a high disparity exists is n't clear , although higher high school dropout rates and less access to transportation and professional networks likely contribute .
Even more worrisome is the potential long - term effect .
The overall black and Hispanic unemployment rates are seven and three percentage points higher than the white unemployment rate — and if minority teens do n't get those vital first jobs , these dismal disparities could grow .
Jobs vs. wages Washington has shown little interest in passing a reduced minimum wage for teens .
Labor unions and low - income advocacy groups — both of which vigorously supported the minimum - wage increases mandated in 2007 — are likely to be concerned that paying teens a lower wage will increase unemployment for older minimum - wage workers .
Politicians might also fear touching a popular policy : A 2006 Gallup Poll showed that 83 % of Americans supported raising the minimum wage .
But public opinion can shift , and when the choice is either jobs or higher wages , I suspect jobs wins hands - down .
Many advocates of a higher minimum wage also talk of its importance for low - income workers and families .
However , teens ' first jobs usually are n't about earning money for food or housing .
Instead , they 're about paying for college or other necessities , " so that I can do stuff without making my parents pay for it , " as 17 - year - old Californian Sarah Bridges put it to me .
In fact , for teens , the most valuable long - term benefit of that entry - level job might not be the paycheck but the skills learned along the way .
" There 's an invisible curriculum from being employed , learning to work with co-workers , reporting to a supervisor , learning to deal with customers , " said EPI 's Saltsman .
Not to mention that these jobs have become crucial to creating in the USA one of the world 's most productive and competent workforces .
For too many teens now out of school and bombarding businesses with applications , the high minimum wage is keeping them from acquiring those skills .
With no prospect of Washington setting a lower teen minimum wage , the only lesson many of them will be learning this summer is the one that 's been reinforced over the past 10 years : Employers just are n't that into them .
Katrina Trinko , a graduate of Thomas Aquinas College , is an intern for USA TODAY 's editorial page .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hillary Clinton warns of ' severe consequences ' for Pakistan if a new attack like the Times Square bomb is traced back to the country
An American drone killed at least nine people in Pakistan 's tribal belt this morning in the first such strike since a Pakistani - American man was linked to last weekend 's failed Times Square bombing .
Two missiles slammed into a house in North Waziristan , the tribal agency where the 30 - year - old bombing suspect Faisal Shahzad claims to have met the Taliban leadership and obtained explosives training .
The US has stepped up pressure on Pakistan to attack militant hideouts in the tribal belt in recent days , particularly North Waziristan .
Using unusually belligerent language , the US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , warned of " very severe consequences " if a successful attack was linked to Pakistan .
In an interview due to be broadcast on CBS on Sunday , she said the US " wants more , expects more " from Pakistan .
" We 've made it very clear that if , heaven forbid , an attack like this that we can trace back to Pakistan were to have been successful , there would be very severe consequences , " she said .
The US military commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , reportedly delivered a similar message to the Pakistani army chief , General Ashfaq Kayani , in a meeting last Friday .
Clinton 's threat is understood to mean the US could slow millions of dollars in economic and military aid , rather than mount directly military action in the tribal belt , although some American politicians have raised voices in favour of that , too .
In fact , the US is already engaged in its most ferocious campaign on Pakistan soil for decades through the CIA drone strikes , which are currently averaging about two per week .
A senior Pakistani intelligence official said there had been 40 drone attacks so far this year , compared with 49 in the whole of 2009 .
Other tallies have counted just over 30 strikes in 2010 .
The CIA has received permission to strike a much wider range of suspected militants than before , including those whose identities have not been established , the Los Angeles Times reported last week .
Previously , the CIA could only attack individuals on a vetted list of Taliban and al - Qaida leaders .
Today 's drone strike destroyed a compound in Datta Khel , a notorious militant stronghold close to the Afghan border .
One villager told Reuters that drones circled over the destroyed compound for some time after the attack ; the identity of those killed is not known .
" The Americans are very anxious and angry , " said Dr Riffat Hussain , an Islamabad - based defence analyst .
" Hillary is sounding a word of warning to Pakistan , and this latest drone strike may be related to that . "
However , the nature of any link between the Taliban and the Times Square attack remains unclear .
The crude nature of the bomb , the bungled nature of its execution and the fact that Shahzad so readily admitted his terrorist links suggest the Pakistani - American had little training .
Additional FBI investigators are due to arrive in Pakistan to determine whether Shahzad was a " lone wolf " or had been deployed by a militant network .
Several associates who have been picked up for questioning in Pakistan belong to Jaish - e - Muhammad , a militant group .
Separately , a Pakistani army helicopters gunship killed 18 militants and destroyed six militant hideouts during operations in Orakzai , another corner of the tribal belt where Taliban fighters recently beheaded three men , according to a government official in the area .
The toll could not be independently verified .
Exciting news for fans of HBO ’s Rome series : it looks like a film is currently in development , with script writer Bruno Heller penning the project .
The film , whose working title is Bona Dea , is due to start filming in Summer 2010 and is scheduled for release in 2011 .
For those of you who remember Vorenus , played by Kevin McKidd , on his deathbed at the end of the last series , the good news is that the stalwart centurion is already being written into the script for the new film .
In an interview given to Associated Press , now on youtube , McKidd explains that his character may not actually have passed away , but is actually hiding in Germania , far from the empire and from Octavian , who has come to power following the battle of Actium .
In an interview with movieweb , Ray Stevenson , who plays Pullo , confirmed :
It is no longer a smoke and mirrors rumour .
The script is in full development .
He adds that Rome ’s writer and creator , Bruno Heller , is not likely to lose his two central characters :
That guy has a soft spot for Pullo and Vorenus .
I do n’t think he will let the ball drop .
I do n’t think he will disappoint .
He never pulled his punches with the hard drama or the social status , or the action sequences .
He put full honesty into the characters .
Of course a film is n’t quite the same as a third series – one sitting and it ’s all over – but this is definitely one to look forward to .
By Tom Heap
BBC Panorama
Tom Heap puts the climate ' Wall of Certainty ' to the experts Climate change is often presented in religious terms - believers versus deniers disputing the fate of mankind .
In the last year it really felt as though the gods unleashed a plague of events to test the faith .
Dodgy e-mails gave us " climate - gate " , the shifting jetstream gave us a freezing winter , United Nations - backed climate scientists gave us crass errors of glacial proportions and Copenhagen gave us , well , virtually nothing .
Those who never believed we were changing the weather shouted triumphantly , while many who did seemed confused .
Friends asked : " What are the facts , where does the certainty lie ? "
A good question , and one that Panorama set out to answer .
' Wall of Certainty '
Much of the science about climate change and global warming has been taken on trust , a belief that so many senior scientists could not be wrong .
The revelations of " climate - gate " fractured that trust and probably many in the environment movement felt the same way .
This story provided a good opportunity to look back at the basics of climate science .
But how does one present uncertainty clearly ?
Journalism , not least programmes of authority like Panorama , likes to deal in definites .
Our goal was to clear as much of the fog as possible , but in some areas of climate science delivering information as hard fact would be a lie and doubt , in some instances , is the truth .
To help us illustrate this story , we borrowed a trick from the fossil - fuelled funride that is Top Gear .
Where the boys have their " Cool Wall " , used to judge where a car should sit on a sliding scale of cool , we at Panorama brought out our " Wall of Certainty " .
Our wall has a scale from " certain " to " no way " and we asked everyone from professors to punters to tell us where to stick the varying theories of climate science .
We even made a miniature version to take to the US .
There are two undeniable facts that underpin the science of climate change .
Post - industrial age levels of carbon dioxide are notably higher First , carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas - it traps more heat than air .
We saw the lab and handled the apparatus where this discovery was made 150 years ago .
Second , thanks to mankind 's recent burning of coal , oil and gas , there is more CO2 in the earth 's atmosphere , up from a pre-industrial level of 280 parts per million ( ppm ) to 379 ppm by 2005 .
This is like the world putting on a thicker jumper - it means we retain more heat .
When asked directly , or pinned to the " Wall of Certainty " , no one we spoke to in making the programme disputed these two facts .
Ferocious debate
In the sceptical corner of our wrestle for the truth on climate change we have John Christy , an atmospheric chemist from the University of Alabama in Huntsville , and Bjorn Lomborg , author of The Skeptical Environmentalist , who has just finished a film to counter Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth .
Both of these men agree that the world is warming and man is at least partly responsible .
John Christy reckons our impact is minimal , while Bjorn Lomborg , to my surprise , agrees that man-made climate change would trigger bad weather events of greater severity - especially hurricanes .
In the other corner , we have government science advisers , Bob Watson and Bob Ward , who campaign for policies to tackle global warming .
The two sides start from a position of agreement on the basic science - surprising when you consider the ferocity of much of the public debate .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Splits emerge when you begin to forecast what will happen in the future and what we should do about it .
Watson and Ward believe temperature rises could be above three degrees in the next century - closer to the upper end of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's predictions - Christy and Lomborg would go much lower .
Put another way , while they all think change is coming , one side thinks it will be manageable , the other , catastrophic .
But neither side can deliver copper - bottomed facts about the future .
Absolute certainty , it seems , will not be there to guide us as we make tricky personal and political decisions on this issue .
It is a question of risk .
You do not expect to crash your car - but you have plenty of expensive safety features fitted just in case you do .
Panorama : What 's Up With the Weather ?
BBC One , Monday , 28 June at 2030BST and then available in the UK on the BBC iPlayer .
Producer Mike Rudin discusses the programme at The Editors blog .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WARNING : This video was recorded on YouTube before it was later removed .
It contains violence and profanity .
Northampton Area School District officials and Northampton County authorities are investigating a " fight club " that pits district boys against each other for money .
Video of recent fights held in the borough have appeared on YouTube , although many of them have since been removed .
The school district on Tuesday held assemblies to discourage fighting , which could result in criminal charges for participants , even if their involvement is voluntary .
County District Attorney John Morganelli said participants could be held liable in civil court , as well .
District officials last week sent home letters asking parents to speak with their children about the risks of fighting , warning the practices pose a " serious threat to the health and welfare of our students . "
Read Michael Buck 's complete report :
In Gaza , April 29 , 2010
One can imagine that were US soldiers to open fire with live ammunition on American protesters , this would not be acceptable .
Likewise for Canada and most democratic nations .
Yet somehow there is a void , a gaping hole in the media into which fall most potential reports on Israeli soldiers shooting with live ammunition on visibly unarmed demonstraters .
When Palestine is too far away , too " over there " and mired in " age - old conflict " for mild news viewers and readers to understand , perhaps the simple comparison of " would we accept this for ourselves ? " is more apt .
Would we accept that a young man in his early twenties is shot dead for prancing on his land , gleefully laughing in the faces of armed ( Israeli ) soldiers , delighting in accessing land that had been unilaterally cut off from him and its owners � should be shot dead for it ?
Sure , it was a shot in the leg�but then it was aimed at the artery , was n�t it ?
And don�t most people understand that arteries bleed hard and heavily , that one can die from a wound to the artery .
Israeli soldiers certainly know this , which is most likely why the sniper aimed for the artery .
Would we accept that another group , carrying a large and clearly printed banner on more unilaterally - forbidden land , be shot at with live ammunition ?
That the bullets would pierce the banner , endangering the lives of those holding and behind it ?
That puffs of dust would arise from bullets striking just metres from our feet ?
Would we accept this land annexation in the first place ?
Give up our right to live on , work , and access our land , because a bullying state said it is for their security ?
Would we be able to look across the devasted , bulldozed , rendered - lifeless land , across a fortified fence to lush , fragrant land being worked with tractors on the other side �and believe that the destruction of our land was actually for ' security � ?
No , we�d cry racism .
We�d scream for our rights .
We�d demand the media take notice .
We�d demand the support of other " freedom - loving , democratic " nations .
Who the hell is not freedom - loving ?
Who doesn�t want to access their land ?
Who doesn�t die inside because they cannot provide for their children ?
Would we be as composed , gracious , generous and welcoming as Palestinians if we had endured the decades of suffering , mockery , dispossession , lies , broken promises , massacres , and being the black sheep of the media ?
It is never acceptable for Israeli soldiers to use live ammunition against unarmed protesters , not in Gaza , not in the occupied West Bank or East Jerusalem .
But they do , and it�s no diversion from Israeli policy .
Papyrs has allowed us to quickly and easily setup a company intranet that meets all of our needs , and fits our company culture .
Jason Alexander , CEO , Kalkomey
Papyrs is used as our all encompassing intranet , replacing the need for employee manuals , process documentation , on - boarding processes , company information , etc — Brian Manning , President & Chief Digital Officer at Centric Digital
Before Papyrs , we always needed to have someone available to answer to questions .
Now , new crew members only have to check our intranet .
— David Voge , Content Marketing Leader , Ridestore
Our Papyrs intranet was easy to set up and customize , is easy to keep adding to and is easy to use by even the most tech - phobic staff — Sarah Jarvis , Operations Manager , British Chambers of Commerce
We had a big internal knowledge - sharing challenge within our organization .
We have compared multiple tools and platforms out there .
When testing Papyrs , we came to the conclusion that it suits our needs best and it is extremely user - friendly too .
— Willem Timmers , Education Designer , Butterflyworks
Papyrs is the easiest solution out there .
Designed with the busy user in mind , Papyrs makes it quick and simple to set up a central location to communicate within an organization .
No programming and no IT professionals needed .
We ca n’t say enough good things !
— Jaime De Arman , Circulation & Marketing Manager , Cahaba Media Group
It is the perfect balance between ease of use , features and power !
Strongly recommend it to anyone looking for an easy tool for your company intranet !
As an added bonus , their customer support is second to none .
I have never seen a customer service team as responsive as the team at Papyrs ! — Kevin Brown , Chief Operating Officer , Novo
Papyrs is simple to use , reasonably priced , and a great asset for any company !
— Becky Crowley , Payroll Team Leader , RCI Subway
BRUSSELS — Euro - zone finance ministers meeting in Luxembourg Monday are on track to sign off on the final details of € 440 billion ( $ 527 billion ) in loans intended to be a backstop if the Continent 's sovereign - debt troubles deepen , European officials said .
The package is the largest piece of a € 750 billion bailout assembled by European Union countries and the International Monetary Fund .
If a euro - zone country had trouble paying its debts , it could apply for the funding .
Officials said a special purpose vehicle , set up to borrow money from capital markets and then dole it out to troubled nations , could be up and running this month .
Euro - zone leaders have already agreed on the basic structure of the package : A private vehicle chartered under Luxembourg law and owned by the 16 euro - zone countries would raise money with the guarantee of euro - zone members , then lend it out at a higher rate to the troubled country .
The structure is a bid to steer clear of EU prohibitions on direct purchases of member - state debt — a cornerstone meant to keep countries from being responsible for one another 's affairs .
The effort has n't been without critics , especially in fiscally sound Germany , but the mechanism passed perhaps its highest hurdle last month when the German parliament gave approval for Germany 's share of the credit guarantee .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad today decried the “ brutal and barbaric ... Zionist regime , ” as if trying to catch up with Turkey 's fierce criticism of Israel 's raid on the " Freedom Flotilla " last week .
In Istanbul for a regional security summit , he heralded the international outcry against Israel as a " reawakening of nations " in a fight of good versus evil .
“ On one side , you can see the pure feelings of the love to the almighty God , love to humanity , love to peace and security and freedom – and the feeling to help each other , to have compassion towards each other , ” said Mr. Ahmadinejad .
“ On the other side , we could see evil forces , violence , hatred , war , captivity , and the devil ’s outcry from the throats of the uncultured Zionists .
Lies .
Deceptions .
Deceitful tactics and impurity .
And in fact , this side was raising the flag of Satan . ”
Analysts say that Iran ’s reaction – including Ahmadinejad ’s repeated reminders that the Islamic Republic has championed the Palestinian cause since the 1979 Islamic revolution – is designed to recapture from Turkey part of its self - declared role as the regional bastion of militant resistance that fights for the oppressed .
“ The Iranians are trying to say , ‘ We can still talk the talk , ’ ” says Meir Javedanfar , an Iran specialist in Israel .
“ This is Iran trying to say that it ’s still in charge of the Palestinian issue , to milk the international backlash against Israel after the flotilla incident . ”
Gazans naming their kids after Turkish PM
This weekend , the Iranian Red Crescent society announced that it would launch two ships of humanitarian aid to Gaza by the end of the week .
The Revolutionary Guard , an elite ideological military force that has tightened its grip on everything from Iran 's oil to last year 's post- election protests – has declared its readiness , if ordered , to provide a naval escort .
The first anniversary looming of Ahmadinejad ’s disputed reelection on June 12 last year – an event that sparked weeks of violent protests – is one of several factors coalescing into Iran 's even stronger criticism of Israel .
In addition , after three decades of investing in militant groups and “ exporting ” the revolution , Iran is trying to preserve aspects of its reputation .
“ This is the atmosphere right now :
You ’ve got all sorts of Turkish flags being raised in Gaza , people naming their children Erdogan [ after the Turkish prime minister ] , ” says Javedanfar , who says Iran sees Turkey as stealing the limelight .
“ There ’s no Iranian flag in sight , and I have n’t heard of one Palestinian naming their child Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . ”
“ Under the circumstances , the Iranians will want to do something , otherwise they will lose the market – and the multibillion dollar investment – to the Turks , ” he adds .
Ahmadinejad on whether Iran will escort aid ships
Iranian politicians have been quick to speak out against the Israeli raid , and propose joint aid convoys for Gaza .
The narrow strip of land is jammed with 1.5 million people and has been subject to an Israeli blockade for three years , in an effort to stop materials used by Hamas and other militants to make bombs and rockets , and to increase deprivation to try to turn the population against Hamas .
Supreme religious leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's representative to the Revolutionary Guard Navy said Iran was duty - bound to provide military escort .
“ The duty of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the face of such an unchivalrous act [ the flotilla raid ] is to defend the innocent and defenseless people of Gaza , ” said cleric Ali Shirazi , according to Iranian media translated by IranTracker .
Org .
“ The Revolutionary Guards Navy has the power and preparedness to use all its potentials to escort freedom and peace caravans transporting humanitarian aid from the entire world to … Gaza . ”
In Istanbul , Ahmadinejad praised and thanked the “ great nation of Turkey ” for siding so vociferously with the Palestinians .
But he cast the battle in the broadest terms , in which Israel , supported by a “ corrupt ” United States , ran roughshod “ beyond all humanitarian boundaries . ”
He vowed that Israel 's resistance would prove futile in the face of persistent international pressure .
“ Undoubtedly , this is not the end of the road .
This is the beginning , ” said Ahmadinejad .
“ And if they think , by using the machine guns , missiles , and support of some corrupt nations , they have been able to prevent the advance of one caravan , no doubt in the near future hundreds and thousands of caravans from different parts of the world will sail through the waters in order to be the harbingers of peace , love , humanity for the people of Gaza . ”
But Ahmadinejad would not comment on whether an Iranian - escorted aid flotilla , which would require Egyptian approval to pass through the Suez Canal , was under way .
In response to a direct question from the Monitor about the willingness to provide military escort , the president said : “ With regard to sending of aid to Gaza , we would certainly take into consideration all aspects of the questions , and then we will take the right decision . ”
Any Iran aid delivery would be compared to Turkish effort
If Iran were to send such a flotilla , it would likely steal the limelight back from the Turks only in the event of a similar confrontation .
And if Iranian goods are only able to enter by the land border into Gaza , recently reopened by Egypt ?
“ That is going to make the Iranians look quite quaint , in fact shy and retiring , ” compared to the Turks , says Javedanfar .
“ For some militants , it will look like Iran is losing its edge . ”
Tony Hayward 's chances of getting " his life back " increased this evening as speculation mounted that he could lose his job before the end of the year as the Gulf oil spill crisis continued to rumble on .
Ahead of a vital briefing with financial analysts tomorrow when the BP chief is expected to promise to stick with dividend payments , there was widespread debate about how long he can survive in his job .
" There is no doubt , rightly or wrongly , that there will be management changes at BP , " said Alex Stewart at City broker Evolution Securities .
" It is better for the company that the company management take as much of the heat as possible and hope that when this problem is over the company can move on . "
The Evolution analyst was not the only one speculating on Hayward 's future .
" It looks increasingly likely that heads will roll and Tony will be in the frame .
The longer these things go on , the shakier things look for the company , " Dougie Youngson , analyst at Arbuthnot Securities , told Bloomberg Television .
BP is reeling under the impact of almost a third being wiped off its share price since the Deepwater blowout on 20 April .
Spill liabilities and claims have been estimated at anywhere between $ 20bn and $ 60 bn ( £ 14bn and £ 40bn ) .
The former head of BP exploration who took the top job in 2007 has sometimes made a bad situation worse .
He used social networking platform Facebook to apologise for saying he wanted his life back from the eye of a storm that has kept him so busy since the blowout .
He also admitted BP was " not prepared " for the spill , creating a flood of new headlines to the formerly media - averse geologist who has been running the company since the exit of his predecessor , John Browne .
Today the pressure was further increased when rating agency Moody 's downgraded BP 's credit worthiness to Aa2 from Aa1 and said the company remained " on review " for further reductions reflecting " significant containment , litigation and clean - up costs " .
Fitch had earlier cut the rating on BP 's long - term debt from AA + to AA citing an estimated annual clean - up cost of $ 5bn annually .
The company has previously attracted support from investors by promising rising dividend payments .
BP has been told by senior US politicians that it should halt all payments to shareholders but Hayward knows such a move could chase away further investment funds which specially focus on high yield " income " providers such as BP .
The wider oil industry has also been hit by the BP spill .
The insurance industry , hit by losses estimated at between $ 1.4bn and $ 3.5 bn ( £ 2.4bn ) from the disaster , has been quick to raise its prices by as much as 50 % .
Deepwater Horizon is the largest single oil drilling rig loss since the 1988 Piper Alpha platform explosion in the North Sea , which triggered $ 3.6 bn of insured losses ( at 2009 value ) .
In a report on the impact from Deepwater Horizon published today today , credit ratings agency Moody 's noted that insured losses would be " significantly " higher if BP , the operator and majority owner of the project , had purchased liability insurance in the commercial market instead of self - insuring its risks through its captive insurer , Jupiter Insurance .
The agency said early reports indicated that insurance premiums for deepwater rigs have jumped by up to 50 % since the explosion , while the cost of insuring rigs operating in shallow waters has climbed by 15 - 25 % .
" With the 2010 hurricane season just around the corner , any additional offshore energy losses in the Gulf of Mexico this year could further bolster pricing for offshore energy exposures , " the agency warned .
" Likewise , we expect offshore energy liability insurance premiums to trend higher , perhaps meaningfully , as insurers and reinsurers take stock of their losses and re-evaluate the complex risks associated with drilling in deep waters . "
Hello there ;
Are you familiar with the concept of Equitaur and / or Equinoid ?
Equinoid = Equine + Humanoid
Equitaur = Equine / Equinoid + Centaur
An equinoid is basically an anthropomorphic equine with the hooves and hindlegs of said equine 's non-anthropomorphic / semi-anthropomorphic counterpart in place on human legs and feet .
An equitaur is basically the centaur ( ian ) equivalent for an equinoid .
RALEIGH , NC – Jim Rutherford , President and General Manager of the National Hockey League ’s Carolina Hurricanes , today announced that the team has acquired the rights to right wing Jared Staal from the Phoenix Coyotes in exchange for a fifth - round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft .
“ While Jared has yet to reach his full potential , we believe his upside gives him a chance play at the NHL level in the future , ” said Rutherford .
“ This could be an ideal situation for Jared , to continue his development in the same system as his oldest brother , Eric . ”
Staal , 19 , totaled 12 goals and 37 assists ( 49 points ) in 59 games this season for Sudbury of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) , leading the Wolves in assists ( 37 ) .
He also played in five games for San Antonio of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) at the conclusion of Sudbury ’s season , earning one assist .
Selected by the Coyotes in the second round , 49th overall , in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , Staal has played four seasons for Sudbury , earning 54 goals and 99 assists ( 153 points ) in 249 games played .
He has one assist in 10 career AHL games , all with San Antonio .
Staal ( 6 ’3 ” , 198 lbs. ) , scored a goal in the 2008 Top Prospects Game , and netted the game - winning goal for Sudbury in the 2007 OHL Conference Finals .
Each of his three older brothers play in the NHL , including Eric , who serves as the Hurricanes ’ captain .
The Hurricanes have until June 1 to sign Staal to an entry - level contract , or he would re-enter the draft .
The pick traded for Staal originally belonged to the Nashville Predators , and was conditionally acquired by the Hurricanes on June 19 , 2008 , along with Darcy Hordichuk in exchange for Carolina ’s fifth - round pick in 2009 .
[ New search ] [ Printable RTF version ] [ Help ]
IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE
CHANCERY COURT OF ENGLAND
FORASMUCH as it now appeared to this Court , by a report made by the now Lord Keeper , ( being then Master of the Rolls , ) upon consideration had of the plaintiff 's replication , according to an order of the 7th of May anno 37th Reginæ , that the said replication doth amount to six score sheets of paper , and yet all the matter thereof which is pertinent might have been well contrived in sixteen sheets of paper , wherefore the plaintiff was appointed to be examined to find out who drew the same replication , and by whose advice it was done , to the end that the offender might , for example sake , not only be punished , but also be fined to Her Majesty for that offence ; and that the defendant might have his charges sustained thereby ; the execution of which order was , by a later order made by the late Lord Keeper the 26th of June , Anno 37th Reginæ , suspended , without any express cause shewed thereof in that order , and was never since called upou until the matter came to be heard , on Tuesday lost , before the now Lord Keeper ; at which time some mention was again made of the same replication ; and for that it now appeared to his Lordship , by the confession of Richard Mylward , alias Alexander , the plaintiff 's son , that he the said Richard himself , did both draw , devise , and engross the same replication ; and because his Lordship is of opinion that such an abuse is not in any sort to be tolerated , proceeding of a malicious purpose to increase the defendant 's charge , and being fraught with much impertinent matter not fit for this Court ; it is therefore ordered , that the Warden of the Fleet shall take the said Richard Mylward , alias Alexander , into his custody , and shall bring him into Westminster Hall , on Saturday next , about ten of the clock in the forenoon , and then and there shall cut a hole in the myddest of the same engrossed replication ( which is delivered unto him for that purpose ) , and put the said Richard 's head through the same hole , and so let the same replication hang about his shoulders , with the written side outward ; and then , the same so hanging , shall lead the same Richard , bare headed and bare faced , round about Westminster Hall , whilst the Courts are sitting , and shall shew him at the bar of every of the three Courts within the Hall , and shall then take him back again to the Fleet , and keep him prisoner , until he shall have paid 10l. to Her Majesty for a fine , and 20 nobles to the defendant , for his costs in respect of the aforesaid abuse , which fine and costs are now adjudged and imposed upon him by this Court , for the abuse aforesaid . [ 1 ]
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Nothing on this list will reduce stress more efficiently than enjoying all those dirty pleasures everyone says you should n't enjoy .
An Australian study discovered that skipping work or buying that solid gold ice cream scooper is exactly the kind of irresponsible behavior that keeps you stress - free , happy and healthy .
Almost everyone engages in this behavior and it seems to be the best way to release steam .
So How is This Helpful ?
According to the author of Everything Bad is Good for You , everything from watching trashy reality TV to playing video games can reduce your stress level .
Not only do these activities improve chemical and neurological reactions inside the brain , but they release calming hormones that regulate our bodies .
On a less biological level , " bad " habits prepare us for interactions with our culture , increasing the efficiency of socialization .
Basically by watching American Idol you have something to talk about at work , and smoking breaks are the place to be for the best company gossip .
" That Lambert kid sure had some pipes , huh ? "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As for spending all your money on crap and not bothering to work hard ?
It turns out that it might be the healthiest behavior in your life .
A recent study showed that Swedish people are the happiest in the world , but not because they are all blond - haired , furniture building ex-models .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The secret to their happiness seems to be the fact that their socio-economic classes are very close to each other .
Basically no one in Sweden is really " rich , " which makes everyone ( including the rich people ) healthier and happier .
Interestingly enough , this holds true on a larger scale : Countries that are going through a depression tend to report higher well - being among their population .
Sure , people are going to grumble about not affording three plasma screens , but they will secretly be happier because they know everyone is just like them : miserable .
So let 's keep this recession going , guys !
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article ?
Then sign up for our writers workshop !
Know way too much about a random topic ?
Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow !
And find out about how video games are actually benefiting us , in 6 Ways Video Games Are Saving Mankind .
Or find out how 2010 is bad for our health , in 7 Reasons the 21st Century is Making You Miserable .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 04.30.10 ) to see what God looks at on the Internet .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy , sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed .
This Ate My Balls Ring Site
is owned and operated by Plopmomma .
[ Prev. | Skip
It | Next 5 | Random | Next ]
Want to join the ring ?
Get the info .
JERUSALEM 
The Israeli military said Tuesday that it had indicted “ a number of ” officers and soldiers for their actions during Israel ’s three - week offensive in Gaza in the winter of 2008 - 9 , including a staff sergeant accused of deliberately shooting at least one Palestinian civilian who was walking with a group of people waving a white flag .
The announcement came nearly 18 months after the end of the war , and on the day that Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , met President Obama in what many saw as a fence - mending visit after months of strained ties .
A spokesman for the Israeli military denied any link between the timing of the announcement and the prime minister ’s trip .
According to the army statement , the chief military prosecutor has decided to take disciplinary and legal action in four separate cases , including some already highlighted by human rights groups and by a scathing United Nations report on the war .
The report , by a committee led by Richard Goldstone , a South African judge , was published in September 2009 and pointed to evidence of possible war crimes .
The offensive came as a response to years of rocket fire against southern Israel from Gaza , and after Hamas , the Islamist militant group , won elections in 2006 and took full control of Gaza in mid-2007 .
Up to 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed in the war .
You need old empty beer bottles , I like the 500 ml size as smaller bottles tend to be a pain to work with .
I am never organised enough to have the number of bottles I need when I need them , so I have a simple strategy for getting them .
I go to the bottle bank and put out a box and a sign taped to the bank asking people to put bottle in the box .
Now you need to clean your bottles .
You might also want to remove the old labels ,
At this point you will discover that all labels are not the same .
A lot of companies are now using plastic labels that do n't come off .
One of the joys of bottle bank collection is you soon , get to know the good from the bad , and if you have enough available you can " afford " to throw the bad back into the bank .
At this point the beer should be " fermented out " that is to say it should have stopped making new bubbles ( or very much slowed down )
Having washed the bottles , I submerge them in sterilising solution , you can use a brewing one or tablets for babies bottles .
They then get a rinse .
I prepare my bottles by adding a half a teaspoon of sugar to each , this will ferment after the bottle is sealed and make it fizzy .
The liquid in the brewing bucket is then syphoned off using some plastic tube , I have a fancy brewing tool that keeps the pipe near the bottom , but out of the sediment , our goal is to leave as much sediment behind as we can .
With the bottles filled , I used put crown caps on the bottles , these are easy to do , you just hammer them on with a cheap tool .
Leave the bottles in a warm place for the fermentation to finish off then drink .
If you leave it a few days and pour carefully , you can leave the yeast in the bottle , the ginger in mine made it look cloudy whatever you did .
A military source close to Gen. David Petraeus told Fox News that one of the first things the general will do when he takes over in Afghanistan is to modify the rules of engagement to make it easier for U.S. troops to engage in combat with the enemy , though a Petraeus spokesman pushed back on the claim .
Troops on the ground and some military commanders have said the strict rules -- aimed at preventing civilian casualties -- have effectively forced the troops to fight with one hand tied behind their backs .
The military source who has talked with Petraeus said the general will make those changes .
Other sources were not so sure , but said they would n't be surprised to see that happen once Petraeus takes command .
The rules , put in place by outgoing Gen. Stanley McChrystal , are classified but generally aim to limit civilian casualties by prohibiting troops from firing unless they 're shot at -- or from launching bomb or artillery attacks when civilians are near the target .
Petraeus spokesman Col. Erik Gunhus disputed the claim that those rules will be revised , telling Fox News it 's too soon to tell whether Petraeus would change the current rules .
But he said it is one of many issues the general will take under consideration during his assessment after he 's confirmed and after he takes over command in Afghanistan .
More On This ... Who Is Next in Line at Central Command ?
Retired Maj. Gen. Robert Scales Jr. , a Fox News military analyst , said there 's no question Petraeus will have to make the changes .
" First of all , to reinforce his commitment to take care of the troops and secondly , because he realizes as does virtually everyone in Afghanistan that these rules are getting soldiers killed , " he said .
Any adjustment to the rules of engagement does not mean the counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan will change .
President Obama stressed Wednesday -- after he accepted McChrystal 's resignation in the wake of a magazine article in which he and his staff were critical of the administration -- that the change - up does not represent a shift in war policy .
Rather , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday that Petraeus , currently head of U.S. Central Command and the former U.S. commander in Iraq , will have the flexibility to reconsider " the campaign plan and the approach . "
At the same news conference at the Pentagon , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm .
Mike Mullen said Petraeus will be able to make tactical changes .
But he said that does not necessarily mean changes will be made and echoed the president 's insistence that the strategy stays as he prepared for a visit to the war zone .
" My message will be clear : Nothing changes about our strategy , nothing changes about the mission , " Mullen said .
The issue is likely to be front and center in Senate confirmation hearings for Petraeus next week .
Fox News ' Steve Centanni and Justin Fishel contributed to this report .
( CNN ) -- Young , athletic and troubled -- NFL player Chris Henry might have been a football cliché .
After being arrested four times , suspended by the league three times and released once by the Cincinnati Bengals , the wide receiver appeared to be on a personal and professional comeback .
But all that ended in December 2009 .
Henry died after falling from the bed of a moving pickup during a fight with his fiancée .
His death was considered a tragic and bizarre end to a life plagued by behavioral problems .
This week , findings from Henry 's brain examination reverberated through the sports world , raising questions about head injuries and safety in high - contact sports .
Doctors found evidence of brain damage , called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , that has been observed in retired players who 've had many concussions .
Unlike those older players ,
Henry was 26 when he died .
CTE is also known as dementia pugilistica , because career boxers who 've suffered repeated blows to the head have been known to develop the syndrome .
Sudden stops and collisions can cause the brain to slosh inside the skull .
Its effects are mainly neurobehavioral .
These symptoms include poor decision - making , behavioral problems , failure at personal and business relationships , use of drugs and alcohol , depression and suicide .
" The effect on the brain appears to be damages to the emotional circuitry of the brain , " said Dr. Julian Bailes , chairman of neurosurgery at West Virginia University .
" We think Chris exhibited some of the characteristics of the neurobehavioral syndrome of CTE , " he said at a news conference Monday .
" We do n't know if there is a cause and effect . "
The neurologists at the Brain Injury Research Institute at West Virginia University did not draw any association between Henry 's actions and the disease .
" His case highlights the fact there is documented damage in someone young and actively playing , " said Bailes , a former doctor for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Bengals coach : Henry ' beacon of hope ' before death
The syndrome is believed to be caused by large accumulations of tau proteins in the brain that kill cells in the regions responsible for mood , emotion and executive functioning .
Tau proteins are also found in the brains of patients with Alzheimer 's disease and dementia .
The findings regarding Henry 's brain raised unsettling questions : Could CTE contribute to misbehavior of football players ?
If Henry , a seemingly healthy athlete in his mid-20s , had signs of CTE , could other young athletes have this syndrome , too ?
Dr. Jon Weingart , professor of neurological surgery and oncology at Johns Hopkins University , said extrapolating from one case , like Henry 's , would be a " big leap . "
" That would be misleading , " he said .
" There 's not enough data .
...
To think that this is something brewing in many players -- there 's no data to support that statement . "
Weingart said the relationship between multiple traumas and head hits and CTE is not a proven cause and effect .
At this point , it 's a correlation .
Sports Illustrated : Concussions and football :
Is the game too dangerous for our kids ?
In 2009 , the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at the Boston University School of Medicine reported that an 18 - year - old multisport athlete who suffered multiple concussions also had CTE , a finding that a neuropathologist described as " shocking . "
MRIs and CAT scans are unable to detect CTE .
Detecting the syndrome requires brain samples , which cannot be given until a person is dead .
The samples are colored with special microscopic stains .
In Henry 's brain , doctors found a tau protein accumulation , inflammatory changes and white matter changes that were significantly abnormal .
The fibers in the brain had brown discoloration and showed significant damage .
In previous findings of former NFL players , the brown tangles flecked throughout the brain tissue resembled what might be found in the brain of an 80 - year - old with dementia .
Dead athletes ' brains show damage from concussions
Henry could 've had a genetic predisposition for the type of brain injury , because a majority of the brains with CTE contained the gene called the apolipoprotein E3 allele .
" We may be seeing a genetic trend that Chris is in the 70 percent of those diagnosed with CTE , who have a special genetic sign , " said Bailes , the West Virginia University neurosurgery chairman .
" Perhaps that may be a clue as to who 's at risk for this to develop . "
Genetic factors could make some people less able to tolerate subtle trauma to their brains .
For example , some high school athletes get a concussion and struggle afterward , while others who experience the same degree of head bump recover without a hitch .
" There 's some variability of how someone is able to handle and recover from trauma to the brain , " Weingart said .
Henry 's case has " sparked a lot of social debate and reflection and was scientifically valuable , " Bailes said .
" We want to continue to study .
We do n't have all the answers .
We 're also looking , as soon as we can , to find treatment and prevention , " he said .
NFL medical heads and Goodell convene on brain injuries
The NFL has recently pledged to step up its efforts on head injuries and named new co-chairs and members to its medical committee .
The league has also changed guidelines prohibiting a player suffering a concussion to practice or play .
As the trial over California 's prohibition on same - sex marriage enters its final stage today , the ban 's sponsors are urging the judge to go a step further and revoke state recognition of the marriages of 18,000 gay and lesbian couples who wed before voters passed Proposition 8 .
Such an order would honor " the expressed will of the people , " backers of the November 2008 ballot measure said Tuesday in their final written filing before Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker .
Andrew Pugno , an attorney for Prop. 8 's backers , said in an interview that the sponsors are n't asking Walker to nullify the 18,000 marriages , but only to rule that government agencies , courts and businesses no longer have to recognize the couples as married .
Lawyers for two same - sex couples who sued to overturn Prop. 8 , on the other hand , are asking Walker to lift the marriage ban permanently .
The measure violates the constitutional guarantee of equality , they argued , and must be struck down " regardless of its level of public support . "
Walker heard 12 days of testimony in his San Francisco courtroom in January in the nation 's first federal court trial on the constitutionality of a law defining marriage as a male - female union .
Among those who took the stand were the plaintiff couples - two women from Berkeley and two men from Burbank - and a parade of academic witnesses who testified about the history and meaning of marriage and the status of gays and lesbians in society .
The judge has scheduled closing arguments to last all day today .
His ruling , which could be weeks away , will be the first round in a battle likely to reach the U.S. Supreme Court within two years .
Walker sent both sides a list of questions to be addressed in the arguments and let them respond initially in writing .
In their answers Tuesday , Prop .
8 's sponsors argued that the state has numerous legitimate reasons to define marriage traditionally - to guard children 's welfare , maintain social stability , and honor voters ' moral and religious views .
" Moral disapproval of homosexual conduct is not tantamount to animus , bigotry or discrimination , " said Charles Cooper , lawyer for Protect Marriage , the Prop. 8 campaign organization .
" On the contrary , religions that condemn homosexual conduct also teach love of gays and lesbians . "
Theodore Olson , lead attorney for the couples challenging Prop. 8 , called the measure " an attempt to enforce private moral beliefs about a disfavored minority . "
He said the Yes on 8 campaign , supported by the Roman Catholic and Mormon churches , had told voters that same - sex relationships are immoral and had exploited fears that gays menace children .
Walker also asked both sides what he should do if he found Prop. 8 unconstitutional .
Its sponsors replied that the only potential legal flaws in the measure were supplied by the California Supreme Court and could be removed by interpreting the measure more broadly .
The state court ruled in May 2008 that gays and lesbians had the right to marry the partner of their choice .
After Prop. 8 overturned that ruling six months later , the California court upheld the measure while also affirming the legality of 18,000 same - sex marriages performed before the election .
Gay rights advocates argued that the unequal treatment of couples who married at different times was one of many reasons to overturn the ballot measure .
But Cooper said Tuesday there was a better way to treat both groups of couples equally while respecting the people 's will - " sustaining Proposition 8 by giving it retrospective effect , " that is , deny state recognition to the pre-election marriages .
Money for nothing :
No minds were changed despite spending on Prop. 8 campaigns , study says .
C3
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The Treasury Department announced Friday that it intends to sell more Citigroup Inc. shares as the agency moves toward closing out a chapter of the government 's $ 700 billion bank bailout .
The Treasury said it intends to sell 1.5 billion additional common shares of Citigroup C , +1.62 % , about 30 % of the remaining 5.1 billion shares that it owns .
Updated : Low Climate Sensitivity Estimated from the 11 - Year Cycle in Total Solar Irradiance
By Dr. Roy W. Spencer
NOTE : This has been revised since finding an error in my analysis , so it replaces what was first published about an hour ago .
As part of an e-mail discussion on climate sensitivity I been having with a skeptic of my skepticism , he pointed me to a paper by Tung & Camp entitled Solar - Cycle Warming at the Earth ’s Surface and an Observational Determination of Climate Sensitivity .
The authors try to determine just how much warming has occurred as a result of changing solar irradiance over the period 1959 - 2004 .
It appears that they use both the 11 year cycle , and a small increase in TSI over the period , as signals in their analysis .
The paper purports to come up with a fairly high climate sensitivity that supports the IPCC ’s estimated range , which then supports forecasts of substantial global warming from increasing greenhouse gas concentrations .
The authors start out in their first illustration with a straight comparison between yearly averages of TSI and global surface temperatures during 1959 through 2004 .
But rather than do a straightforward analysis of the average solar cycle to the average temperature cycle , the authors then go through a series of statistical acrobatics , focusing on those regions of the Earth which showed the greatest relationship between TSI variations and temperature .
I ’m not sure , but I think this qualifies as cherry picking — only using those data that support your preconceived notion .
They finally end up with a fairly high climate sensitivity , equivalent to about 3 deg .
C of warming from a doubling of atmospheric CO2 .
Tung and Camp claim their estimate is observationally based , free of any model assumptions .
But this is wrong : they DO make assumptions based upon theory .
For instance , it appears that they assume the temperature change is an equilibrium response to the forcing .
Just because they used a calculator rather than a computer program to get their numbers does not mean their analysis is free of modeling assumptions .
But what bothers me the most is that there was a much simpler , and more defensible way to do the analysis than they presented .
A Simpler , More Physically - Based Analysis
The most obvious way I see to do such an analysis is to do a composite 11 - year cycle in TSI ( there were 4.5 solar cycles in their period of analysis , 1959 through 2004 ) and then compare it to a similarly composited 11 - year cycle in surface temperatures .
I took the TSI variations in their paper , and then used the HadCRUT3 global surface temperature anomalies .
I detrended both time series first since it is the 11 year cycle which should be a robust solar signature … any long term temperature trends in the data could potentially be due to many things , and so it should not be included in such an analysis .
The following plot shows in the top panel my composited 11 - year cycle in global average solar flux , after applying their correction for the surface area of the Earth ( divide by 4 ) , and correct for UV absorption by the stratosphere ( multiply by 0.85 ) .
The bottom panel shows the corresponding 11 - year cycle in global average surface temperatures .
I have done a 3 - year smoothing of the temperature data to help smooth out El Nino and La Nina related variations , which usually occur in adjacent years .
I also took out the post - Pinatubo cooling years of 1992 and 1993 , and interpolated back in values from the bounding years , 1991 and 1994 .
Note there is a time lag of about 1 year between the solar forcing and the temperature response , as would be expected since it takes time for the upper ocean to warm .
It turns out this is a perfect opportunity to use the simple forcing - feedback model I have described before to see which value for the climate sensitivity provides the best fit to the observed temperature response to the 11 - year cycle in solar forcing .
The model can be expressed as :
Cp[dT/dt ] = TSI – lambda*T ,
Where Cp is the heat capacity of the climate system ( dominated by the upper ocean ) , dT / dt is the change in temperature of the system with time , TSI represents the 11 year cycle in energy imbalance forcing of the system , and lambda *T is the net feedback upon temperature .
It is the feedback parameter , lambda , that determines the climate sensitivity , so our goal is to find a value for a best value for lambda .
I ran the above model for a variety of ocean depths over which the heating / cooling is assumed to occur , and a variety of feedback parameters .
The best fits between the observed and model - predicted temperature cycle ( an example of which is shown in the lower panel of the above figure ) occur for assumed ocean mixing depths around 25 meters , and a feedback parameter ( lambda ) of around 2.2 Watts per sq. meter per deg .
C. Note the correlation of 0.97 ; the standard deviation of the difference between the modeled and observed temperature cycle is 0.012 deg . C
My best fit feedback ( 2.2 Watts per sq. meter per degree ) produces a higher climate sensitivity ( about 1.7 deg .
C for a doubling of CO2 ) than what we have been finding from the satellite - derived feedback , which runs around 6 Watts per sq. meter per degree ( corresponding to about 0.55 deg. C of warming ) .
Can High Climate Sensitivity Explain the Data , Too ?
If I instead run the model with the lambda value Tung and Camp get ( 1.25 ) , the modeled temperature exhibits too much time lag between the solar forcing and temperature response …. about double that produced with a feedback of 2.2 .
Discussion
The results of this experiment are pretty sensitive to errors in the observed temperatures , since we are talking about the response to a very small forcing — less than 0.2 Watts per sq. meter from solar max to solar min .
This is an extremely small forcing to expect a robust global - average temperature response from .
If someone else has published an analysis similar to what I have just presented , please let me know …
I find it hard to believe someone has not done this before .
I would be nice if someone else went through the same exercise and got the same answers .
Similarly , let me know if you think I have made an error .
I think the methodology I have presented is the most physically - based and easiest way to estimate climate sensitivity from the 11 - year cycle in solar flux averaged over the Earth , and the resulting 11 - year cycle in global surface temperatures .
It conserves energy , and makes no assumptions about the temperature being in equilibrium with the forcing .
I have ignored the possibility of any Svensmark - type mechanism of cloud modulation by the solar cycle … this will have to remain a source of uncertainty for now .
The bottom line is that my analysis supports a best - estimate 2XCO2 climate sensitivity of 1.7 deg .
C , which is little more than half of that obtained by Tung & Camp ( 3.0 deg. C ) , and approaches the lower limit of what the IPCC claims is likely ( 1.5 deg . C ) .
They were ordered to get out of the car and lie on the ground but the gunmen were frightened away when one of their bodyguards opened fire .
, 03/06/2010 , 17:18 . 9,184 lecturas .
Quienes utilicen
Twitter , probablemente para este momento seguramente están enterados del tema más reciente , # canonmx , que gira en torno de la propuesta [ PDF ] del diputado del PRI para el Distrito Federal , Armando Jesús Báez Pinal , curul M- 490 , para someter a consideración la iniciativa con proyecto de Decreto para reformar la Ley Federal de Derecho de Autor de México .
A grades rasgos , la propuesta consiste en crear un impuesto canon , denominado hasta ahora como Licencia para la copia privada , aplicado a todos los medios de almacenamiento , como unidades USB , discos CD y DVD vírgenes y discos duros , similar al tristemente célebre Canon Digital de España .
El diputado Báez hace énfasis en que el artículo 133 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos establece que los Tratados Internacionales celebrados por el Presidente de los República , con aprobación del Senado , serán la Ley Suprema de toda la Unión , es decir , que de manera jerárquica , estas leyes estarán por encima de las leyes Federales y locales de la República .
Y con este fundamento menciona que México es miembro de la Organización Mundial de la Propiedad Intelectual , con la cual se han suscrito 19 tratados .
La ley vigente hasta ahora nos da el derecho de realizar una copia privada para uso personal y sin fines de lucro , excluyendo a todas las personas morales salvo instituciones educativas , de investigación o dedicadas a actividades distintas a las mercantiles .
Báez urge a corregir el artículo 148 , fracción IV , de la Ley de Derecho de Autor , misma que permite a las personas realizar una única reproducción de un solo ejemplar de una obra literaria o artística para uso persona , privado y sin fines de lucro .
Es decir , si compraste una película en DVD o Blue-ray , la ley nos ampara para poder realizar una copia de respaldo para uso personal , privado y sin fines de lucro .
Báez afirma que siendo que los autores de obras son incapaces de poder vigilar a quien copia una obra para que solo se haga una y se le de solo el uso que permite la ley , se debe establecer una compensación remunerativa para los autores .
Es decir , un canon que va directo a particulares en lugar del gobierno .
Báez propone que se imponga la obligación del pago de una licencia a los fabricantes o importadores , distribuidores , mayoristas y comercializadores al público de medios de almacenamiento o cualquier dispositivo que permita almacenar datos .
En otras palabras , Báez está asumiendo que el 100 % de los mexicanos somos delincuentes y debemos compensar a la mediocre industria de la música y del entretenimiento por las bajas ventas de los artistas mediocres , artistas de plástico y malas películas que fracasan comercialmente .
Otra forma de verlo es que la industria del entretenimiento quiere una tajada del negocio de los auténticos piratas ( ejemplo : los que venden películas afuera de las estaciones del metro y dentro de los vagones del metro ) y la única forma de lograrlo es imponiendo un impuesto a toda la población que directamente haga que quienes se dediquen a la piratería paguen una compensación y que también les haga ganar dinero por las copias privadas legítimas .
En resumen : Báez asume que el 100 % de mexicanos bajamos películas y música de Internet y que dañan a los propietarios de derechos de autor y por tanto el 100 % de los mexicanos debe pagar un impuesto canon para compensar a los artistas , por más mediocres o malos que sean .
Quien tenga interés en conocer más al respecto , recomienda lea con detenimiento el documento correspondiente a la Gaceta parlamentaria , número 2997 - X11 , del martes 27 de abril de 2010 , disponible en formato PDF en el siguiente enlace .
http://gaceta.diputados.gob.mx/Gaceta/61/2010/abr/20100427-XI.pdf
Quien quiera manifestar su descontento al mencionado diputado , puede hacerlo enviando mensajes de correo electrónico a la cuenta armando.baez@congreso.gob.mx , teléfono 5036-0220 Ext. 55054 .
Tiene su sitio de Internet en www.armandobaez.com y puede ser contactado a través de Twitter como @armandobaezp .
¿ Estarías dispuesto a pagar un impuesto para compensar los fracasos de ventas de los discos de artistas como Lorena Herrera o Isabel Madow ?
¿ Estarías dispuesto a pagar un impuesto para compensar los fracasos de ventas de los discos DVD de películas como ' La Pulquería ' ( I , II , II y etc. ) , ' El diablo anda entre ficheras ' , ' Zapatos Viejos ' , ' Una papa sin catsup ' , ' Lola la trailera ' , ' Vacaciones del terror ' ( I , II y II ) ?
¿¿Estarías dispuesto a pagar un impuesto para compensar los fracasos en taquilla y ventas en DVD de películas como ' Niñas mal ' , ' Así del precipicio ' , ' Zurdo ' , ' La mujer de mi hermano ' , ' La habitación azul ' , ' Voces inocentes ' , ' Ladies Night ' , ' Fuera del cielo ' , ' Cansada de besar sapos ' , etc . ?
De mi parte , creo importante darle difusión a los artistas que producen música de LIBRE distribución en Jamendo .
¡ Libera tus oídos !
Notas relacionadas :
Margaret
Thatcher kept a copy in her handbag .
Ronald Reagan said it influenced his economic philosophy .
Dissidents in Communist Eastern Europe surreptitiously passed paperback prints amongst themselves before the Berlin Wall came down .
And now , a generation and a whole heap of economic trouble later , Friedrich Hayek 's The Road to Serfdom has been pitched into the centre of America 's heated election battle , and is back atop the best - seller lists , 66 years after it was first published .
In a renaissance laced with ironies , a political treatise penned in the aftermath of the Great Depression is waved around on Fox News as if it is a holy book , and its Austrian - born author , dead for 18 years , has been anointed Philosopher King of the right - wing Tea Party movement that is sweeping the grassroots of the Republican Party .
" Like Mike Tyson in his prime , " says Fox host Glenn Beck , Hayek delivered " a right hook to socialism in Western Europe and in the United States . "
From beyond the grave , he expects the economist to deliver a right hook to Barack Obama , too .
Hayek would be smiling at having emboldened the American right wing .
He always joked that he heard better with his right ear than with his left .
He had dedicated his career to discrediting state intervention in the economy and asserting the primacy of free markets , winning a Nobel Prize for some of his work .
And in The Road to Serfdom he proffered a dire warning : that governments were not only incompetent but their actions impinge on individual freedoms , create a tyranny of the bureaucracy and will inevitably lead to totalitarianism .
In short , under a big government , we would all become serfs , or slaves .
The right in the US is bloodied and furious by the Obama administration 's reform of healthcare , which will mandate insurance coverage for almost all Americans , and the public is still smarting from the emergency government takeovers of the car companies General Motors and Chrysler as well as half the banking system .
For many , Hayek seems to be talking not about 1944 but about the here and now .
So when Beck , the mewling personification of anti-government Republicanism in a prime - time slot on Fox , dedicated a show to The Road to Serfdom last month , he set the book up as an intellectual lodestar for our times .
Sales tripled overnight , and the book went instantly to number one on the Amazon chart .
A title that was shifting 2,000 copies a year two years ago is now on course to sell 70,000 in 2010 , says its publisher .
Reading Hayek is " kind of an ' Aha ' moment for a lot of people today , " Beck declared , adding that failing to heed the warnings within would leave us " incredibly vulnerable to repeating the mistakes of the past " .
And he gave The Road to Serfdom a sexy , underground feel by adding : " People [ behind the Iron Curtain ] literally risked their lives to read it . "
Friedrich August von Hayek was born in Vienna in 1899 to a family steeped in academia , and became a polymath whose learning spanned psychology and the law as well as philosophy and economics .
Working at the London School of Economics in the Thirties and Forties , he became the most persuasive of all the " Austrian school " of economists who advocated for limited government , a classical liberalism that is today more commonly described as libertarian .
They passionately opposed central planning of whatever political hue , from Nazism to Communism , and that included opposing the nationalisations and Keynesian demand management that took hold in social democratic Europe after the Second World War .
It was a lonely position for much of the post - war period .
" It was the occupational hazard of liberal scholars to show the consequences of political error years ahead of their time , " Hayek 's disciple Arthur Seldon , founder of the Thatcherite think - tank the Institute of Economic Affairs , wrote in his obituary of the writer in The Independent in 1992 .
" The electorate was not inclined to listen in 1945 before the vast post - war expansion in financial , industrial and welfare nationalisation .
It may have wanted to wait for the evidence that liberty would suffer from aggrandisement of the state .
By the General Election of 1979 it had had enough .
It was Hayek 's thinking which largely inspired the ' Thatcherite revolution ' in economic policy ...
For half a century , Hayek was the leader of world liberal thinking .
His influence will extend long into the 21st century . "
Seldon 's words were prophetic .
Glenn Beck 's herogram to Hayek did not come out of the blue .
His works – and those of other members of the Austrian school of economists , led by Ludwig von Mises – are much discussed in the online forums frequented by the politically savvy young , many of whom have a libertarian bent .
It was this online student following that kept alive the presidential hopes of Ron Paul , a Texan Republican , long after mainstream media had written him off as a candidate for the Grand Old Party 's nomination in 2008 .
The Congressman has hung portraits of the Austrian economists behind the desk of his Washington office , and proudly tells visitors it was their work that inspired his move into politics .
Now his equally libertarian son , Rand Paul , has sensationally won the Republican nomination to fight the Senate seat in Kentucky this November , thanks to Tea Party support .
But Rand Paul has got himself in a spot of bother since winning the nomination , having declared he would not have voted for the Civil Rights Act that outlawed discrimination against African - Americans .
The Act contravenes strict libertarian dogma , since it represents government interference with private business , in this case the right to refuse to serve blacks .
After a decade when US elections have seemingly hinged on the cultural issues that fixate the religious right , the looming clash promises to put the role of government at its very heart .
In a vivid way , it mirrors the intellectual clash between Hayek and another dead economist , John Maynard Keynes , who argued for governments to step in with big spending programmes to prevent a recession from spiralling into a depression .
It was Keynesian policies , lashings of them in every major country in the world , that pulled the global economy back to growth after the financial crisis .
Keynes declared himself in " deeply moved agreement " with The Road to Serfdom , but he had a sting in the tail of his praise .
He declared that the philosophy was of no practical use .
A minimalist government , which left people to fend for themselves , was unconscionable , he said , and no matter how seductive it appears on the printed page , no one would support its introduction in the end .
Kevin Logan , chief US economist at the international bank HSBC , said that Hayek 's economic insights were powerful but limited .
" His political appeal is very high compared to his economic influence , " he said .
" It is absolutely true that markets create much more efficient dissemination of information and Hayek 's is a valid critique of central planning .
In a complicated , large , modern economy , a central planner cannot get enough information to make efficient decisions .
How many nails should be produced in an economy ?
How many ham sandwiches ?
Central planners can't know .
" He was writing at a time when the world was coming out of the Great Depression , when capitalism was widely seen as an inefficient , lousy system that had given us high unemployment .
This was when central planning took hold as an alternative , a time of five - year plans and input - output tables and the like .
Hayek 's critique was that it can't be done .
But we are not talking about central planning today .
The US government has taken stakes in car companies and banks , but reluctantly .
There is no appetite for it , no desire to control or operate enterprises .
Even in healthcare , where Americans can choose their doctor and their insurance plan , things are not centrally planned at all . "
The biggest irony of Hayek 's return to the top of the pop charts is that this was not supposed to be the outcome of the credit crisis .
When the financial world convulsed in 2008 , it was easy to assume that it one of its many victims would be the laissez - faire politics begun in the Thatcher - Reagan era .
Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic said as much , French President Nicolas Sarkozy declared the death of Anglo - Saxon capitalism and Barack Obama in the US blamed many of the excesses allowed on Wall Street to the deregulatory philosophy that began in the Reagan years .
But although the economy has returned to growth , it has not returned to health , and while government intervention in the economy is greater than it has been in a generation , Americans increasingly doubt its effectiveness .
Unemployment is stuck at 10 per cent .
The percentage of Americns who think the Obama administration 's $ 797bn ( £ 525 bn ) stimulus package worked is in the single figures .
According to the latest polls , 62 per cent of Americans think the country is on the wrong track , the highest level since Mr Obama was sworn in .
Even the President 's approval ratings have now dipped into negative territory , joining Congress in the tank of public disillusion .
The Tea Party movement is so far the only political force successfully channelling that disappointment , and mainstream Republicanism has been uncertain how far to embrace what remains a shambolic and often incoherent protest group .
And because he brings a seductive intellectual voice to the chaos and the anger , Hayek is suddenly potent again .
Gurus of Economics
* When the financial crisis and the Great Recession presented challenges for politics and for economics unlike anything seen since the 1930s , sending people scurrying for the economic philosophers of more than half a century ago , the first they reached for was John Maynard Keynes .
An economist who rose through the ranks of the British civil service , he was instrumental in restoring the UK after the Great Depression , and in reshaping the global financial order after the chaos of the Second World War .
As well as providing the academic underpinning for government efforts to stimulate demand in the economy , he also had much to say about banking .
" Speculators may do no harm as bubbles on a steady stream of enterprise .
But the position is serious when enterprise becomes the bubble on a whirlpool of speculation . "
Come the end of the world , you might like to sit it out in style .
All you need is money and a few DIY skills …
Abandon any notion of surviving the apocalypse by doing anything as boringly obvious as running for the highest hill , or eating cockroaches .
The American firm Vivos is now offering you the chance to meet global catastrophe ( caused by terrorism , tsunami , earthquake , volcano , pole shift , Iran , " social anarchy " , solar flare – a staggering list of potential world - murderers are considered ) in style .
Vivos is building 20 underground " assurance of life " resorts across the US , capable of sustaining up to 4,000 people for a year when the earth no longer can .
The cost ?
A little over £ 32,000 a head , plus a demeaning - sounding screening test that determines whether you are able to offer meaningful contribution to the continuation of the human race .
Company literature posits , gently , that " Vivos may prove to be the next Genesis " , and they are understandably reluctant to flub the responsibility .
Should you have the credentials and the cash , the rewards of a berth in a Vivos shelter seem high .
Each staffed complex has a decontamination shower and a jogging machine ; a refrigerated vault for human DNA and a conference room with wheely chairs .
There are TVs and radios , flat - screen computers , a hospital ward , even a dentist 's surgery ready to serve those who forgot to pack a toothbrush in the hurry .
" Virtually any meal " can be cooked from a stockpile of ingredients that includes " baked potato soup " but , strangely , no fish , tinned or otherwise .
Framed pictures of mountain ranges should help ease the loss of a world left behind .
Vivos says it has already received 1,000 applications .
How long do the rest of us have to decide ?
" Nobody knows " when disaster will strike but Vivos takes a shot at guessing , sourcing clues from Nostradamus , the Bible and Native American lore to suggest 2019 , 2029 and 2036 as danger years .
But the real fear is for 21 December 2012 , a date forecast for doom by the Mayans and towards which a countdown clock on Vivos 's website ticks .
We ought not to get too comfy over the next couple of years either : President Obama 's recent warnings about nuclear terrorism proved " timely " , a Vivos spokesperson told the Observer .
" Doomsday may be closer than many would otherwise like to believe ... "
It 's warning enough .
£ 32,000 ?
Check .
Carpentry skills ?
Check .
Jogging bottoms ?
Check .
Good luck in the hills .
Luke Cole pioneered environmental justice law .
It 's now such an established field that it 's hard to believe it even needed pioneering .
It 's hard to believe that its pioneer was only 46 years old when he died last year .
As I wrote then , still stunned with grief :
Luke Cole graduated with honors from Stanford , and cum laude from Harvard Law School .
He could have done anything .
He could have gone to work for any law firm in the country , and made a fortune .
Instead , he moved to San Francisco and co-founded a non-profit that specialized in environmental justice law .
The San Francisco Chronicle explained :
" This was not a well - understood concept at the time , " said Brent Newell , an attorney and legal director of Mr. Cole 's nonprofit organization , the Center on Race , Poverty and the Environment in San Francisco .
Mr. Cole was executive director of the center .
" He was told by poverty law firms that they do n't do environmental law , and the big environmental groups said they do n't do law for poor people , " Newell said .
But Luke met Ralph Abascal , himself a legend of poverty law , who worked at California Rural Legal Assistance .
Abascal understood exactly what Mr. Cole wanted to do , Newell said , and " gave Luke a phone and a desk . "
Abascal and Mr. Cole founded the center in the fall of 1989 .
And the Los Angeles Times :
Cole first demonstrated his innovative approach in 1990 , when he helped the poor , Latino residents of Kettleman City in the San Joaquin Valley defeat a proposed toxic waste incinerator project by pointing out that the environmental impact report had not been translated into Spanish , the primary language of almost half of the town 's residents .
In the late 1990s he applied civil rights law to a case in South Camden , N.J. , where an impoverished black community opposed the construction of a cement recycling plant .
The proposed plant met technical requirements , but Cole , citing Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , argued that it would worsen the quality of life in a minority community that was already suffering from high levels of exposure to dangerous pollutants .
In Kivalina , Alaska , he recently settled a case against a major zinc producer whose mining operations he said were fouling the water supply of a 4,000 - year - old Inupiat Eskimo village .
He was continuing to represent the Inupiat people in a new lawsuit alleging that Exxon , Chevron and other oil companies were contributing to global warming , which some experts say is causing Kivalina to erode .
Of the South Camden case , which was overturned on appeal , the New York Times wrote :
“ It marked the first recognition by any court that African - Americans and Latinos were experiencing discrimination with regard to the siting of noxious , polluting facilities , ” said Olga Pomar , a lawyer with South Jersey Legal Services and a co-counsel in the case .
“ That sparked greater awareness among environmental justice activists . ”
An awareness that snowballed into a movement .
More on that , but first a little about the man .
Again , as I wrote last year :
Luke had bright , sparkling eyes , and one of the easiest and most heartfelt laughs I 've ever heard .
He met one of the warmest , most soulful women in the world , married her , and helped her raise her son .
He threw himself a birthday party every year , adamantly refused all presents , and made it an occasion for root beer tastings , having speciality brands shipped in from all over the country .
He also held chocolate tastings .
He loved music , theater , and art , intensely supported the presidential campaign of the young Illinois Senator who had been just behind him , at law school , and went to Washington both for the inauguration and to be consulted on environmental justice issues .
He was a passionate birder , and traveled all over the world , leading eco-tourist expeditions to Madagascar .
I got a postcard from him , just last week .
He 'd seen his first lemurs , including the rare and once endangered Perrier Sifaka , as well as plenty of new birds .
He 'd been bitten by leeches , and had been banged up in low - speed motorcycle crashes , on Madagascar 's ragged back roads .
He said my toddler son would love the place .
He was headed to Uganda , to meet his wife and brother .
It was in Uganda that he died , in a car crash .
His wife is now twice widowed , and was herself seriously injured .
The last time I saw Luke was on the last night of my last visit to the Bay Area .
Mrs. T and I had dinner with Luke and his wife .
They brought a toy for our son to play with , on the drive back to Oregon .
A few days after writing that , I reflected on my grieving , here .
But as great a friend as he was , as great a person as he was , it 's Luke 's work that deserves to be emphasized .
At a private memorial , timed to coincide with his birthday , his friend and colleague , Angela Harris , with whom he both taught and practiced law , explained part of what made Luke such an invaluable activist and attorney .
She has given me permission to post her words , in their entirety .
They are a lesson for us all .
Nancy asked me to say a little bit about Luke ’s professional legacy .
Luke and I taught the first environmental justice class at Berkeley together , which was probably one of the first such classes in the country .
I was there when Luke created the Center on Race , Poverty , and the Environment in a little cubicle in the back room of California Rural Legal Assistance , and I was the founding chair of his board when CRPE officially became a separate organization .
We ’ve never written an article together , but I talked to him a lot about his ideas and I teach his work all the time because his writings are so funny and true and useful .
The first thing to say is that Luke pretty much started the field of environmental justice lawyering .
He did n’t start the environmental justice movement , but he started the conversation about how you lawyer for the movement .
For people who do n’t know , the environmental justice movement is about recognizing that environmental hazards , like pollution , pesticides , toxic waste , and natural disasters , affect everyone . . . but they do n’t affect everyone equally .
Because of the way our society is structured , poor people and people of color suffer the most , whether it ’s farmworkers in the Central Valley dealing with toxic plumes of pesticides blowing off the fields into their homes or little villages in Alaska having their hunting and fishing livelihoods destroyed by oil extraction , pollution and climate change .
It seems obvious , and yet Luke was the first person to recognize that for lawyers , an environmental justice practice meant bringing together two fields that had always been understood as totally separate and unrelated : environmental law and civil rights law .
His very first article , which made him famous in the academy , was about how lawyers have to master both fields in order to understand and represent poor people and people of color who are facing environmental hazards .
Indeed , even for lawyers who have a purely “ environmental ” practice and lawyers who have a purely “ civil rights ” practice , it is important to recognize that a clean and healthy environment for all requires some measure of social justice , and that the fight against discrimination includes the fight for clean water and air and the right to participate in decisions made about the environment .
But Luke ’s contributions went beyond inventing a new legal practice area .
He also spent a lot of time writing and lecturing and teaching young lawyers about how to be a lawyer in this new field .
The first lesson that he was always trying to teach was a professional lesson about service and humility .
Because we have our professional degrees and we have what he called “ macho law brains , ” we lawyers always think we should be up there at the front of the struggle , filing lawsuits and saving everybody .
Luke really tried to give lawyers the opposite message : Lawyers should be “ on tap , not on top . ”
It ’s not our job to run everything .
It ’s our job to help communities help themselves .
He told young lawyers not to take any action until they could convincingly answer the following questions :
Does it educate ?
Does it build the movement ?
Does it get to the root of the problem ?
The second lesson that Luke tried to teach young lawyers was that , in the end , environmental justice is n’t about law anyway ; it ’s about power .
People of color and poor people always get the short end of the stick , not because we need more laws , but because our capitalist system with its history of racial exploitation is structured that way .
So building power is what environmental justice is all about , and that ’s why CRPE has lawyers and community organizers working cooperatively to build the movement .
Sometimes realizing that it ’s all about power is hard for people .
Another thing Luke used to talk about was what he called the “ three great myths of white Americana . ”
The three great myths are these :
The government is on our side .
The truth will set you free .
And last but not least :
We need a lawyer .
And even though Luke was all about professional humility and a service ethic for lawyers , when it came to building power , he was also all about kicking ass .
He was never afraid to afflict the comfortable as well as comforting the afflicted .
If he needed to be in your face , he was in your face .
And although he was good at representing his clients in meetings , he was also good at completely shutting a meeting down .
So that ’s what Luke was all about as a professional person .
The last thing I want to say is that I was really happy to get a chance to talk about his legacy with you all , because his words are so true and so right , and when I say them I feel as if he is still here .
Most importantly , I am happy because his work continues .
When I talk about Luke ’s work , I get to speak in the present tense .
And that is a very great gift .
Luke saw a need and filled it .
He did what was right because it was right .
When everyone told him he could n't do it , he refused to listen .
When there was no place for him to do what he knew needed to be done , he created a place — for himself , and for the many who have now joined the cause .
Luke and CRPE were named recipients of the 2009 American Bar Association Award for Excellence in Environmental , Energy , and Resources Stewardship .
At a public memorial held last September , it was announced that a permanent chair was being established at Stanford Law School , called the Luke W. Cole Professor of Environmental Law and Director of the Stanford Environmental Law Clinic .
It 's hard to believe that a year has passed since his death .
It was hard to believe when it happened , and it 's still hard to believe today .
Luke was so much larger than life , and yet he was so beautifully human .
Knowing he was there , fighting the good fight , was a source of strength and comfort .
It 's still hard to conceive that both we who knew and loved him , and all who did n't know him but benefitted from his efforts , will forever more be without him .
He is an inspiration , now , still .
To those who work in environmental justice law , he is nearly legend .
DEERFIELD , IL — Upper - middle - class homemaker Irene Risser expressed fear Monday that there exists a gourmet coffee superior to the brands she currently buys .
" I have Kona Coffee 's peaberry flavor , which is really terrific , and I also like to buy Sumatran Rainforest , " Risser said .
" But I still worry that somewhere out there , someone has better , more expensive coffee than I do . "
Risser then went on the Internet to search for $ 25 - a- pound breakfast blends .
Advertisement
Spirituality as fashion or lifestyle statement .
In case you think judging is the problem , remember : you judge what to have for lunch .
Should I eat this dog poop ?
Or an organic apple ?
That ’s judgement .
The problem is pre-judgement –prejudice–being caught in our preconceptions .
That ’s what meditation works with , and that ’s why meditation can be frustratingly hard to monetize !
But do n’t worry , we ’ll keep trying , this is the land of capitalism !
Most folks enjoy this list .
It makes fun of ourselves .
But some of us wonder , what ’s the point ?
Here ’s the point : enjoy yourself .
The point is to make fun of ourselves , and awareness , and awareness of what genuine spirituality might be , or might not be .
It ai n’t commercialism .
It ’s not that YOU or me are saying what genuine spirituality is ( as they say in Zen Buddhism , the second you say it , it ’s no longer true ) , but that it can be helpful to point out a genuine path that ’s helpful for humans , as opposed to be captured by their own theism or hero - worship or longing for a cozy cult .
Are you a SUV - driving - hippie / sorta - Buddhist / insta - yogi ?
Want everyone to know how holy you are ?
Read on !
1. Mala on wrist ; mined out of cave wherever , who cares … never used for actual meditation practice .
2. Tattoo of OM ( “ it means , you know … the light inside of me bows to somethingorother ” ) or anything in Sanskrit that takes long enough to explain that you can impress the casual question - asker over bobo tea in Bali .
3. Lululemon / Aloyoga / Nike / Outdoor Voices etc toxic plastic yoga pants made overseas …as everyday wear .
4. Co-exist bumper sticker on your Avalanche
5. always walking around with PVC yoga mat , coming on to yogis
6. GT ’s Kombucha .*
7. email signature includes “ injoi ” or “ all one family ”
8. non-sequitor Burning Man references : “ Oh , I never go to the bathroom at Whole Foods ; the lines are worse than Black Rock City . ”
9. TOMS / Birks / Uggs .
10 . café accessory : Brene Brown , Pema Chodron , Deepak Chopra , Eckhart Tolle or , cunningest of all , Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism book held upside - down with unbent spine .
Huge fan of matcha or chaga or mate ( the less well - known / the pricier the better ) with alternative milk , does n’t matter if it ’s organic or heavy liquid shipping across continent or even from Australia emitting carbon all the way .
BONUS ROUND
Extra Credit : Crystals !
Vision Boards ; sage incense ; Dr. Bronner ’s ; electric car or hybrid ; Essential Oils in lieu of deodorant , cologne , perfume ; altar on dashboard or sacred stuff / feathers / dream catcher hanging from rearview mirror , Dalai Lama or Rumi or Hafiz or Buddha ( does n’t matter really ) quote book on toilet ; live in Boulder , Berkeley , Madison , Lincoln , Lawrence , Brooklyn , Santa Monica or Venice , Austin , Ashland , Missoula , Asheville , Portland , Seattle , Eugene , Flagstaff ; vacation in Belize , Sayulita , Costa Rica , Bali India or Tibet ; subscribe to elephantjournal.com
A few reader suggestions : Mandala beach blanket , pottery vessel filled with half burned Palo Santo blocks , trust fund , CBD everything , dog named Karma , password Yogi108 , Ram Dass quotes on Instagram stories ; expensive bike , not used for transportation though–SUV driving to far flung trails because local trails are n’t good enough .
What climate change ?
From Lori : Uses “ Goddess Bless ” and really means it ; Invites you to Ecstatic Dance and clears your Chakras through movements not unlike the OA ; invites you to their current MLM party peddling the next essential oil , Miracle Powder , CBD infused products and still invites you even when you say no thanks . ;
Is truly the he sweetest person and you love them nonetheless .
Couple ’s colonics played to the tune of blue whales mating though ; saying “ Tribe ” to describe any group we ’re a part of ; wearing Spiritual Gangster ( plastic mix , made overseas , not organic ) ; will add more as more come in !
What ’d I forget ?
http://www.mediafreedominternational.org/
Managed News : Inside The US / NATO Military Industrial Media Empire
By Peter Phillips and Mickey Huff
“ There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth . ”
–– Charles Dickens
We face what appears to be a military industrial media empire so powerful and complex that truth is mostly absent or reported in disconnected segments with little historical context .
A case in point : The London Times reported on June 5 , 2010 , that American troops are now operating in 75 countries .
Has President Obama secretly sanctioned a huge increase in the number of US Special Forces carrying out search - and - destroy missions against al - Qaeda around the world ?
If so , this increase is far in excess of special - forces operations under the Bush administration and reflects how aggressively Obama is pursuing al - Qaeda behind his public rhetoric of global engagement and diplomacy .
Somehow this information did n’t make it into the US media .
The US , in cooperation with NATO , is building global occupation forces for the control of international resources in support of Trilaterialist — US , Europe , Japan — corporate profits .
A New York Times report on the availability of a trillion dollars in mineral wealth in Afghanistan , on top of the need for an oil / gas pipeline from the Caspian Sea , suggests other reasons for U.S objectives in the region .
Jim Lobe of Inter Press Service writes on June 15 , 2010 , “ The timing of the publication of a major New York Times story on the vast untapped mineral wealth that lies beneath Afghanistan 's soil is raising major questions about the intent of the Pentagon … Blake Hounshell , managing editor at Foreign Policy magazine , says that the US Geological Service ( USGS ) already published a comprehensive inventory of Afghanistan 's non-oil mineral resources on the Internet in 2007 , as did the British Geological Survey .
Much of their work was based on explorations and surveys undertaken by the Soviet Union during its occupation of Afghanistan during the 1980s . ”
Given the previous reports , there is nothing new about resources in Afghanistan that the Pentagon and US multinational corporations did n’t already know .
On the contrary , the public should consider whether the surfacing of this resource story is a managed - news press release being done at a time of sensitive concerns regarding NATO ’s mission in Afghanistan .
A deliberate news insertion such as the mineral wealth story is designed to create support for a US / NATO global empire agenda .
Managed news includes both the release of specific stories intended to build public support as well as the deliberate non-coverage of news stories that may undermine US goals .
Have you been told about the continuing privatization of this global war ?
Independent journalist Jeremy Scahill , wrote in The Nation magazine November 23 , 2009 , how Blackwater ( Xe ) operatives in the Pakistani port city of Karachi are gathering intelligence and helping to direct a secret US military drone bombing campaign in that country .
There has not been much coverage of the report in Global Research , May 27 , 2010 , regarding new US capabilities for cyber warfare , announced recently by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates as the activation of the Pentagon 's first computer command and the world 's first comprehensive , multi- service military cyber operation .
CYBERCOM is based at Fort Meade , Maryland , which also is home to the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
The US ’s Israeli partner in the Middle East demonstrated a skilled manipulation of the global media ’s coverage of the May 31 attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla .
Israel controlled the news and images that emerged from the attack on the ships , asserting that the invading Israeli paratroopers were viciously attacked by crewmembers — resulting in the killing of several in “ self defense . ”
Israel sought to divert the focus of public discussion away from the illegitimate use of excessive force against a group of humanitarians– of diverse religious and national affiliations – to the blaming of the victims for causing their own deaths .
Managed news creates a Truth Emergency for the public inside the US / NATO Military Industrial Media Empire .
Deliberate news management undermines the freedom of information on the doings of the powerful military / corporate entities though overt censorship , mass distractions , and artificial news — including stories timed for release to influence public opinion ( i.e. , propaganda ) .
A Truth Emergency is the lack of purity in news brought about by this propaganda and distraction .
It is the state in which people , despite potentially being awash in a sea of information , lack the power of discernment resulting in a knowinglessness about what is going on in the world .
In short , we are living in a time where people do not know whom to trust for accurate information and yearn for the truth .
One antidote to the ongoing Truth Emergency is the creation of validated independent news by colleges and universities around the globe where students and professors use research skills and databases to fact check and verify information that is reported to the public .
For more about this , and what we can all do to counter managed news , see Project Censored International 's new website at http//:mediafreedominternational.org .
Together , we can build accountability in our media and breathe life back into our withering republic .
_______________________
Peter Phillips is professor of sociology at Sonoma State University , President of Media Freedom Foundation / Project Censored , former director of Project Censored , and co-editor of Censored 2010 .
Mickey Huff is associate professor of history at Diablo Valley College , Director of Project Censored / Media Freedom Foundation , and co-editor of Censored 2010 .
********************************************************************************************************************
Support Media Freedom Foundation / Project Censored for July 4th
For 34 years Project Censored has been committed to bringing the most vital stories to public awareness with the belief that genuine democracy depends on freedom of the press .
The new Censored 2011 yearbook has been written and will be released from Seven Stories Press in September of this year .
Please help us with the promotion of this year 's important book by making a financial donation towards our summer fund drive .
Independent media , both on the local , national , and international level is at risk and we believe that it is vital to support the expansion of news from independent sources worldwide .
Project Censored is not only working on new underreported stories but spreading the word via our new Daily Censored website , Facebook page and our Media Freedom Foundations Daily News
Feed site which aggregates independent news from many of the most reliable sources around the world .
Some of the top most important censored stories of the year include :
Global Plans to Replace the Dollar Threaten US Economy
Defense Department is the Worst Polluter on the Planet
Internet Privacy and Personal Access at Risk
Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Operates Secret Detention Centers and Violates Due Process Rights for Immigrants
Blackwater ( Xe ) : The Secret US War in Pakistan and Other Illegal Activities
Please make your tax deductible donation using paypal below using a credit card or bank account :
Donate Here !
or Checks to : Media Freedom Foundation / Project Censored , P.O. Box 571 , Cotati , CA 94931
← Sidebar
Russian Black Sea Navy base located in Sevastopol city of Ukraine was one of the main issues of Ukrainian - Russian relationship last years .
Today there is an agreement that the base will stay in Sevastopol till at least the years of 2042 — 2047 .
The following pictures of some of the Navy ships were captured by Sergey Dolya ( the photos are clickable ) .
Tags :
No tags
<< Krasnodar city page was updated
The unique machinery museum of main Russian auto factory >>
Quotes
End Credits Song
: If you think this movie was dumber than dumb /
Bet you ten bucks that you rent the next one /
Of course you bitch and moan and call us " loser " /
But we 're the ones in the video store , not you , loser / If you do n't like it , call us a bunch of hacks /
But do n't go asking for your money back
Image caption Israel says it is easing the land blockade against the Gaza Strip
Israel has asked the UN to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into a deadly raid on a ship trying to break the blockade of Gaza .
Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said any inquiry should be shelved because new attempts to breach the blockade were still being organised .
Nine pro-Palestinian activists died when Israeli soldiers stormed a Turkish aid ship in May .
The UN has called for an impartial and credible inquiry into the raid .
Israel has announced its own inquiry but some governments have expressed scepticism about its credibility .
Mr Barak spoke after talks with UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , who has been trying to organise the international inquiry called for by the Security Council .
Lebanon warned
" We expressed our view that for the time being , as long as new flotillas are in preparation , it is probably better to leave it on the shelf for a certain time and we are moving ahead with our independent investigation , which we believe is clearly independent , reliable , credible and should be allowed to work , " Mr Barak said .
He said one ship was preparing to leave Lebanon and he warned that Israel would hold Lebanon responsible for any resulting violence .
" About the coming flotilla , we 've heard in the media that some organisation , probably backed by a terror organisation , ( is ) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza , " he said .
" We think it 's a bit irresponsible to do that . "
The Turkish ship Mavi Marmara had been part of a six - ship flotilla trying to bring aid to the Gaza strip when Israeli commandos boarded it on 31 May .
Israel insists its soldiers were attacked and opened fire in self defence , but activists deny this .
The Israeli siege is aimed at pressuring the Islamist Hamas movement , which runs the Gaza Strip .
But its dire impact on Gaza 's economy has drawn strong criticism .
Israel , under fierce international pressure , announced last Thursday that it would ease the land blockade on Gaza .
Israel will allow items unless they feature on a new list of banned goods .
The move will let in humanitarian aid , food and building supplies , Israel says .
We thought the horrific Gulf of Mexico oil spill was caused by faulty oversight , corporate greed , and possibly porn .
But according to one self - described " minister , " the true cause was abortion .
Advertisement
Hidden Cause Of Oil Spill : Porn
What were the folks at the US Minerals Management Service doing when they were supposed to be …
Read more
Joseph Herrin's Parables blog calls him a " minister , " but his Amazon bio says he " has labored outside the walls of the church for many years . "
His most recent Parables post proclaims that " What the Spirit of Christ revealed applies to the entire nation of America , though it was revealed through a parable taking place in the waters off of Houston . "
Herrin , also the author of books like The Mark of the Beast and The Remnant Bride : Will You Be Chosen Or LEFT BEHIND ? , explains ,
Advertisement
It has been widely broadcast that the largest Planned Parenthood abortion clinic in the nation has been built in Houston , TX .
This six story tall ( six is the number of the flesh man [ ed .
what ?? ] ) abortion supercenter was opened in May , just a short time before the Deepwater Horizon oil disaster began .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Coincidence ?
Herrin thinks not !
He notes that the city of 2.2 million also has other abortion clinics , and he has the screenshots from their websites to prove it .
But lest we think that literal abortions alone could cause an oil spill , Herrin reminds us that figurative ones , too , are responsible :
The reason that the church has been aborting her offspring is the same as the reason that women abort their natural offspring .
A woman who desires the pleasure of intimacy , but does not desire the pain , sacrifice and responsibility of child rearing will cast away the baby growing in her womb as if it were a piece of unwanted fetal tissue .
The church likewise enjoys the intimacy of being wed to Christ , but she does not want to experience the pain , sacrifice and responsibility necessary to bring forth sons to maturity .
Advertisement
That is , Christianity today is too warm and fuzzy , and celebrity pastors like Joel Osteen have not been meting out the amount of brimstone necessary to keep the ocean from filling up with crude oil .
Jimmy Buffett is also involved somehow .
Oh , and 2008 's Hurricane Ike was also about baby - making .
Herrin writes ,
" The message the Father was sending forth through the sign of these tropical storms is that at the end of this age it is time for the church to bring forth mature sons in His image . "
He includes a helpful diagram :
Advertisement
" Rear " is a technical term .
Herrin winds up his rant with a question for us all :
Unless the church embraces the pain of childbirth the creation will perish .
Make no mistake , Yahweh will have His sons .
The question remains , " Will you be one of them ?
Or will you be found in the pleasure loving harlot when her plagues are meted out to her ? "
Advertisement
Given the choice between crazy nonsense and pleasure - loving harlotry ( although do I have to be in the harlot ? ) , I believe my answer is clear .
The Parable Of The Gulf Oil Spill [ Parables ]
( Health.com ) --
Biking for as little as five minutes a day can help women minimize weight gain as they enter middle age , especially if they 're overweight to begin with , a new study suggests .
The study followed more than 18,000 premenopausal women between the ages of 25 and 42 for 16 years .
During that time , the women gained an average of about 20.5 pounds .
Women who started biking for just five minutes a day gained about 1.5 fewer pounds over the course of the study than similar women who did n't take up biking , the researchers found .
Women who increased their daily biking by 30 minutes during the study kept even more weight off , gaining about 3.5 fewer pounds than those whose biking habits stayed the same .
Health.com : 30 - minute workout , no gym required
" Bicycling is an answer to weight control , " says the lead author of the study , Dr. Anne Lusk , Ph.D. , a research fellow in nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health , in Boston .
" Walking is not necessarily an answer , unless the person is walking briskly . "
Indeed , Lusk and her colleagues found that women who increased the time they spent walking briskly by 30 minutes per day during the study gained about four pounds less than their peers who did n't increase their walking .
( A " brisk " pace is three miles per hour or more . )
On the other hand , women who only walked slowly did not manage to prevent any weight gain .
Health.com :
How carbs can help you lose weight
Women who were overweight or obese at the start of the study experienced even better results than normal - weight women when they increased their daily physical activity .
Overweight women who biked for 30 extra minutes per day over the course of the study gained about seven pounds less than those who did n't , for instance .
The findings should encourage overweight women to not give up on exercise , says Dr. Suzanne Steinbaum , D.O. , director of Women and Heart Disease at Lenox Hill Hospital , in New York City .
" People tend to say , ' I 'm too fat .
I can't do it .
It 's too difficult . '
A study like this reminds them not to give up .
Do something . "
Health.com : 25 diet - busting foods you should never eat
The study appears this week in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
Previous research has shown the weight benefits of daily walking , but few studies have focused specifically on biking and none have compared walking with biking .
" A lot of information on physical activity provided to women is very general , encouraging daily activity , but not specifically what kind , " says Keri Gans , a spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association .
" This study encourages an activity that is not expensive and that almost all women can easily engage in .
And if a woman is presently a walker , it 's good to know that she must pick up her pace . "
Biking and walking are easier than many other forms of exercise to incorporate into everyday life , Lusk points out .
" [ They ] can be a routine part of the day , so you can get your physical activity as a normal part of the day , " she says .
The study participants were all nurses and are part of a larger , national study on health and lifestyle that began in 1989 .
Women with physical problems that make regular exercise difficult were excluded from the current study , as were women who reported chronic health conditions such as heart disease , diabetes , or cancer .
Health.com : 7 foods that fight fat
At the start of the study , half of the participants reported walking slowly , 39 percent said they walked briskly , and 48 percent said they biked ( including working out on a stationary bike ) .
By 2005 , the average physical activity had increased slightly but remained very low overall .
Participants walked briskly for just one hour per week , on average , and biked for only about 18 minutes per week .
Meanwhile they sat around the house for about 2.5 hours a day .
Current guidelines recommend that adults get at least 30 minutes of moderate - intensity exercise on most days of the week , a goal that many women in the study appear to be well below .
Health.com :
What 's your workout personality ?
Individuals can't bear all of the blame for that inactivity , Lusk and her colleagues suggest .
Their physical surroundings may also be partly responsible .
Although some cities and towns have encouraged walking and biking ( by adding sidewalks and bike lanes , for instance ) , the U.S. remains a " car- centric nation , " they write .
Nine percent of commuters in the U.S. walk to work and just 0.5 percent bike , according to data cited in the study .
By contrast , in the Netherlands , where the roads are more bike - friendly , 22 percent of commuters walk to work and 27 percent bike .
" We need to provide the infrastructure or facilities so that more people could comfortably bicycle , " Lusk says .
" In the U.S. , the emphasis has been on the walking environment and not on the bicycling environment . "
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Matthew Yaffe calls the colorful glass pipes he sold in his Allston store “ functional art . ’’
He describes his shop , where some pieces fetched up to $ 5,000 , as a “ glass gallery . ’’
Boston police , however , see Yaffe ’s artwork differently .
They call the glass objects pipes for smoking illegal drugs , and they have charged Yaffe , 32 , of Milford , with peddling drug paraphernalia from his shop .
The police raid on his Green Side Up Gallery was one of three since April in Allston , where police have been cracking down on so - called head shops , stores that sell pipes and rolling papers that can be used to smoke marijuana .
The busts were well planned .
Officers took photographs of the shops before making their arrests , and interviewed North End tobacconists to bolster their argument that the Allston shops were selling drug paraphernalia .
“ We ’re not looking to put anyone out of business [ who is ] running a legitimate business , ’’ said Captain James Hussey , who runs the Brighton district .
“ These places were set up , it appears , just to sell drug paraphernalia . ’’
Lawyers for those arrested say the shops were licensed by the city and state to sell the products , and police had no basis for shutting down the shops .
But Hussey said two of the shops — neither of which belonged to Yaffe — did not have proper licenses displayed .
Business leaders in Allston , a neighborhood popular with college students and graduates , said they are dismayed by the hard line authorities took .
“ Very draconian , ’’ said Bob Webber , president of the Allston Board of Trade and owner of Model Hardware .
“ Troubling to me is that these places were licensed by the city .
It was almost like they got the green light , and shortly after opening they got blindsided . ’’
After Yaffe ’s arrest , Hussey met with Webber and other business leaders at the police station , where Hussey said he would try to come up with guidelines for other glass pipe sellers in the neighborhood who are nervous they could be raided .
The dispute between the business owners and police centers around the state law against drug paraphernalia , which can include bongs and pipes , but also blenders , balloons , and even spoons .
The law , however , stipulates that authorities should consider various factors before deciding that such equipment is being used illegally .
For example , police should weigh expert opinion on the objects , as well as whether they were found near drugs or had drug residue on them .
Tony Blair " very much exaggerated " Iran 's role in supporting al - Qaida insurgents in their attacks on British and US forces in Iraq , Britain 's ambassador in Tehran at the time of the invasion said today .
Sir Richard Dalton told the Chilcot inquiry that London and Washington misread the intentions of the Iranian regime , believing it would inevitably be hostile to their mission in Iraq when in fact Tehran wanted them to succeed in installing a stable government in Baghdad .
Dalton – Britain 's ambassador to Iran from 2003 to 2006 – said Blair made " a series of very bad decisions " about the legality of the 2003 invasion .
He described the description by President George Bush 's of Iran as part of an " axis of evil " as a " monstrous error " .
As international pressure continues to increase over Tehran 's alleged efforts to acquire nuclear weapons , Dalton also warned that military action against Iran would be illegal unless there was evidence it posed an " imminent and real " threat to another country .
In evidence he gave to the Chilcot inquiry in January , Blair dwelt on the role of Iran and al - Qaida in destabilising Iraq and making the task of rebuilding the country more difficult after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein .
" What nobody foresaw was that Iran would actually end up supporting al - Qaida , " Blair said .
" What happened in the end was that they did because they both had a common interest in destabilising the country , and for Iran I think the reason they were interested in destabilising Iraq was because they worried about having a functioning majority Shia country with a democracy on their doorstep . "
Dalton , however , told the inquiry today : " From what I saw of his evidence , I thought he very much exaggerated this factor . "
Iranian help to al - Qaida was limited to permitting fighters to pass across its territory from Pakistan and Afghanistan , he said .
Tehran had no interest in promoting " anarchy " in Iraq , but wanted an inclusive Iraqi - run government capable of acting as a source of stability in the region .
He added : " I did believe at the time – particularly in 2003 – there was a misreading of Iran as inevitably hostile to the success of the coalition mission .
Iran wanted to foment enough disorder in Iraq to " make sure the coalition felt some pain and therefore did n't dig in for a long stay " , but its interference , including support for Shia militia in Iraq , was not as critical to the US - led mission as the insurgency led by former Ba'athists .
" Their objective was never to destabilise Iraq to the point at which the whole enterprise would fail , " Dalton said .
" They feared anarchy and they feared that if the handover to Iraqi politicians was to fail completely , that would be the worst possible situation for Iran , because that would allow the Americans an excuse to stay very much longer . "
Washington 's refusal to listen to legitimate Iranian concerns that the west was " messing in their neighbourhood " led to a damaging downward spiral in relations with Tehran , Dalton told the inquiry .
" I also felt at the time of Mr Blair 's testimony to you that he was seeking to cast a retrospectively benign light on a series of very bad decisions taken about the legality of an attack on Iraq by saying it was not only right to do it , but we might have to do it again , " he added .
" I felt strongly then and I do now that a military adventure against Iran ... would be illegal in the absence of an imminent and real threat to any country from Iran .
No such nuclear threat exists at present . "
Marriage equality activists are refusing to let the pro-discrimination voices of the National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) go unanswered this summer .
According to media reports , the right - wing National Organization for Marriage is planning a tour , they call “ Summer of Marriage , ” of portions of the country to oppose same - sex marriage .
In response , activists with Freedom to Marry , a national campaign that favors marriage equality , plan to organize “ rallies and other events wherever NOM is planning to push discrimination and distort the truth about gay couples and their families . ”
In a press statement , Freedom To Marry organizers said , “ we would like to thank NOM for drawing attention this summer to the love , commitment , and the crucial safety net that marriage brings to families across the country . ”
NOM was founded in 2007 by right - wing religious and political groups to support virulent anti-gay political campaigns in states like California and Washington .
NOM ’s main goal is to fight growing public sentiment in favor of marriage equality and expanded protections for same - sex couples .
In contrast , Freedom to Marry campaign , beyond countering the homophobic message of NOM , promotes the basic notion that anyone should have the freedom to choose their marriage partner and have access to the social and economic benefits of that institution .
Part of the goal of the campaignis to “ share our stories and demonstrate how the denial of marriage harms same - sex couples and their families , while helping no one , ” the campaign statement noted .
In addition , the campaign will “ break the silence , spark conversations , and share personal stories about why marriage matters to same - sex couples and their families . ”
The campaign rejects NOM ’s claim that allowing marriage for everyone is some sort of attack on “ the values of our Nation . ”
Instead , the group will turn the tables : “ We will continue to demonstrate that there is nothing more American then embracing the Golden Rule and celebrating love , commitment , and equal protection under the law . ”
Participate in the Freedom to Marry campaign here .
This year , I discovered the wonders of cycling .
I saw a poster that advertised a cheap bike hire scheme and I spontaneously decided to take the plunge .
Before that , I had n’t ridden a bike for over a year , let alone on the road .
At first , I was slow and a bit wobbly , but by the end of the year I was faster and fitter .
Now I wonder how I ever got anywhere without my trusty bike .
Here are 10 minimalist reasons to start cycling today :
1. Quit the gym .
I used to go the gym for two reasons .
For the treadmill and for the exercise bikes .
When I started running outside I halved the usefulness of the gym .
And when I took up cycling at the beginning of the academic year , I found myself unable to take out that expensive membership .
It just was n’t worth it any more .
Cycling burns an enormous amount of calories , and takes you places whilst you ’re doing it .
2 . No need for cars .
Cars are expensive .
There are multiple taxes , insurance , maintenance fees , not to mention gas , parking tickets , and the initial cost of the car itself .
In fact , the cost for me to hire a bike for a whole year was less than the cost of a tank of gas .
I realise that there are a few times when cars come in handy , such as twice a year when move my stuff from home to dorm ( I ’m lucky enough to have parents that would drive me ) , but for the rest of the year , a bike is more than enough to get me from A to B , even with all my shopping and books in tow .
3. Green .
Speaking of cars , apart from the CO2 from your breathing , bikes do n’t release toxic gases .
And they do n’t take that much energy to make and transport .
They run on good old clean human energy – extra calories and a bit of elbow grease .
4 . Takes up less space .
An average bike takes less than 15 % of the space an average car takes .
Bikes can fit in doorways , in the front garden , in alleyways , and in sheds .
They can be parked on lamp posts , fences and railings .
They ’re great for city dwellers , studio flats , apartments , not to mention minimalists !
5. Easier to maintain .
Cars are needy .
When you fix one thing , sooner or later another thing will break .
And when you fix that , soon enough another part needs to be replaced .
When you ’ve done almost everything , the cycle starts again .
Yes bikes do need to be maintained too , but not to that extent .
Plus , the pieces are cheaper and a lot of bike shops will help you out for free if you buy the parts from them .
6. Faster .
Have you ever been stuck in a traffic jam and watched the cyclists weave between the cars ?
Things go even faster when there ’s a cycling lane .
In the early mornings and evenings , it ’s quite normal for me to zip past all of the stuck traffic and get to uni / home before the cars do .
Sure , it ’s not faster all of the time , but it ’s always faster than walking , so it ’s a great compromise .
7. Versatile .
There are places you ca n’t drive , and there are places you ca n’t walk .
But a lot of these places allow cycling .
So if you want to get close into a busy town centre , take a bike .
If you want to go for a leisurely ride through the park , take a bike .
Unlike cars , which are restricted to roads and parking lots , bikes can get through pedestrian short cuts but can also be parked almost anywhere , for free .
8. Portable .
If you have a longer distance to cover , you can cycle to the station and take bikes on buses and trains , and when you arrive , cycle the rest of the way .
I ’ve found this to be a really efficient way to travel , not to mention cheap !
And if you know how to take them apart , they ’re surprisingly compact - able , making them great to take in the backs of cars for road trips .
9. Quieter .
What can be more Zen than a bit of silence ?
Imagine the morning rush with no horns or beeps , engine hums and roars or people venting their road rage .
Just a few cyclist ’s bell tings and the quiet clicks of the pedals running .
I bet people will arrive at work or school much less stressed !
( see video below )
10 . More mindful .
Some people spend too much time boxed up from the outside world .
They go from their houses , to the inside of a car , to the inside of an office .
A grand total of a few minutes spent in the outside world , even when the weather is good .
And so what if it ’s raining ?
It ’s just water .
It ’s natural , embrace it !
I ’m just going to go all out and say it .
Cycling is awesome .
Sure there ’s walking ( which is great too ! ) , but cycling is much faster , and contrary to popular belief , very safe .
I ’ve mostly compared bikes to cars here , but whilst I ’m not exactly a tree - hugger , I would love to live in a city where people cycled more than they drove .
Can you imagine how great that would be ?
Check out this video for inspiration ( notice how peaceful it is ) :
Cycling feeds my minimalist fetish .
Do you cycle ?
Do you have any more reasons why we should start ?
Please share them in the comments !
PS .
Subscribe to my twitter for instant posts updates !
Related Posts
A fresh Gallup poll reports that Americans are most worried about …. federal debts ( hat tip Marshall Auerback via the Atlantic ) :
Gallup also provided a tally of how members of each party view the issue :
It would appear the ground has been laid rather effectively for ( among other things ) an assault on Social Security and Medicare .
As we have pointed out before , Social Security is not under any immediate stress , and it would take only some minor tweaks to alleviate the ( well off in the future ) strains .
And contrary to popular perception , the reason Medicare spending will get out of hand is due to projected medical cost escalation , not demographics .
In other words , the “ crisis ” in Medicare is a symptom of our broken health care system , and not an entitlements problem per se .
But in addition to the continued ability of Big Pharma and the health insurance industry ’s ability to make a bad situation worse , as witness our healthcare “ reform , ” consumers have also been deeply conditioned to see more treatment as better .
From both a cost and side effects perspective , this is simply not often the case .
As reader Francois T stated apropos a New York Times article that caused consternation among people who know the terrain :
My oh my !
One could write a volume or two about that .
I ’ll limit myself to the obvious , at the expense of the details .
Their [ Abelson and Harris ] article and the saga surrounding its writing :
http://www.healthbeatblog.com/2010/06/the-new-york-times-attacks-the-dartmouth-research-part-1.html
http://www.healthbeatblog.com/2010/06/yet-another-source-distressed-by-how-the-nyts-presented-its-data-in-a-story-about-the-dartmouth-rese.html is a prime example of , when it comes to health care , Americans in general harbor very deeply rooted preconceived notions that pretty much preclude any meaningful and long - lasting reform .
The one operating in the minds of Abelson and Harris is the most toxic :
More is always better .
They cannot possibly bring themselves to admit , despite the overwhelming evidence of 30 years (!! ) of solid , peer - reviewed research demonstrating there are ways to provide better health care outcomes while doing less , but in a SMARTER way .
The evidence is crystal clear , but so are the prejudices .
Since this is politics , prejudices win , hands down .
Being journalists for the NYT , Abelson and Harris seem incapable of going beyond the vulgus populus .
It is important to note here that the attacks on the Dartmouth research were almost inexistent during the period post Clinton failure to reform health care … until Obama started his own attempt .
A cursory Lexis - Nexis search is quite convincing in this respect .
Those who stand to lose income or power during a health care reform will first and foremost attack it .
Mind you , they have the tremendous advantage of playing on those preconceived notions I alluded to above .
So ingrained are these , that even senators and congresspersons who know the Dartmouth very well ( yes , there are some that do ) will never , ever tout the evidence publicly .
Press them a bit about why they do n’t , and one shall witness oratory escape maneuvers that would put Houdini to shame .
It is just not ( yet ) “ politically feasible ” , as they say .
Apart from the Dartmouth research , there is another irrefutable piece of evidence that , when it comes to health care , smart beats more :
The VA system .
http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2005/0501.longman.html
Now , before everyone jump at my throat with the Walter Reed scandal , I would recommend reading Best Care Anywhere , by Philip Longman ( updated edition 2010 ) As per Maggie Mahar :
In the 2010 edition of Best Care Anywhere Longman also recounts how the Bush administration attempted to dismantle the open - source VistA software culture that Kizer had built , “ doing its best to recreate the dysfunctional VA of the 1970s . ”
Meanwhile , as more vets turned to the VA for care ( in part because the care was so much better than it had been in earlier years ) , the Bush administration failed to provide enough funding , leading to long lines and not a few complaints .
Fortunately for the veterans , the situation has dramatically improved since the change in Administration .
( There is still a lot of work to be done , but the trend is toward improvement )
The bottom line is this : Since 1994 , the turnaround of the VA system demonstrate it is possible to provide good outcomes with high patient satisfaction ( except in psychiatric services , but this is another long and complex story ) by following what the evidence provides , instead of being guided by which reimbursement schemes is the flavor du jour .
Similarly , the fear about rising deficits is misplaced right now .
As George Soros pointed out in a speech today in Vienna , the action of righting an economy when it faces serious financial stresses is a lot like straightening out a car that has gone into a skid : you need to turn the wheels into the skid , which looks like taking it further off the track where you want it to go , until it regains traction and you can then steer it back to its proper path .
In this case , we need an expansion of public debt to offset the needed contraction in private sector debt , and then to ( Soros did point out that this was a tricky operation ) .
Otherwise , a resumption of the crisis is in the cards .
There is considerable evidence that the deficit fears in general , and the attack on entitlements in particular , has been marketed actively .
Our colleague Tom Ferguson explains below :
Image caption Coleman was living with Price at the time of his death
US actor Gary Coleman 's remains are not to be cremated until after Wednesday so his ex-girlfriend has time to see his body , a US judge has ruled .
The former Diff 'rent Strokes star died of a brain haemorrhage last month after a fall at his home in Utah .
His ex-wife Shannon Price and former girlfriend Anna Gray are in a dispute over control of his estate .
Ms Price divorced Coleman in 2008 but was named as his sole heir in 2007 .
Ms Gray was named in a 2005 will .
Last week , Ms Price launched a legal bid to take control of Coleman 's estate .
She claims she is still his common - law wife and should be the one to make funeral arrangements .
However , Ms Gray was named in Coleman 's will dated 2005 and her lawyer Randy Kester said the couple knew each other for eight years .
On Monday , one of Coleman 's friends and former managers , Dion Mial , withdrew his petition to be named as the special administrator of the actor 's estate .
Mr Mial was named in a 1999 will by Coleman , but Mial 's lawyer said the will that names Ms Gray takes precedence because it is more recent .
Meanwhile , Coleman 's estranged parents , Sue and Willie Coleman , have said they will not seek permission to make their son 's funeral arrangements .
The former child star successfully sued them in 1989 over misappropriation of his trust fund .
Their lawyer Frederick Jackman said the couple did not ask the judge to let them see their son before he is cremated .
" They want Gary to rest .
That 's all they want .
I think they feel like if they came out here it would create ' activity ' , Their son is gone .
They just want him left alone , " Mr Jackman said .
Article content
UPDATE :
National Post reporter Kenyon Wallace spoke with John Pruyn .
Read his report on
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Amputee alleges G20 police ripped off his prosthetic leg Back to video
.
:
“ The police came up to us and said , ‘ Move ! ’ so I tried to get up .
I fell back down and my daughter yelled out , ‘ Give him time .
He ’s an amputee . ’
I guess the police thought I was taking too long … then all of a sudden the police were on top of me . ”
—
Meet John Pruyn , a 57 - year - old resident of Thorold , Ont. , who lost his leg in a farming accident 17 years ago .
During the G20 summit , he was sitting at Queen ’s Park with his daughter when police officers dragged him up , ripped off his prosthetic leg and threw him in jail , according to the online news site Niagara At Large :
“ Accusing him of resisting arrest , they pulled his walking sticks away from him , tied his hands behind his back and ripped off his prosthetic leg .
Then they told him to get up and hop , and when he said he could n’t , they dragged him across the pavement , tearing skin off his elbows , with his hands still tied behind his back .
His glasses were knocked off as they continued to accuse him of resisting arrest and of being a ‘ spitter , ’ something he said he did not do . ”
that he spent more than 27 hours in detention .
The story is all over Twitter and Facebook , prompting an “
” number of comments on
.
Among them are these :
“ How could large numbers of Canadians turn a blind eye to this terrible story and still cling to the opinion that authorities acted responsibly on that dreadful weekend – or , worse , that merely by being on the scene everyone present was ‘ asking for it ’ ? ”
“ As a U.S. citizen i was appalled to read what happened to this man .
We heard nothing of this here in Texas .
This is not the image we hold of our neighbors to the north .
Quite the opposite .
Stick to your guns . ”
“ we can never allow this to happen again in our country . ”
.
Posted by John , June 26th , 2010 - under Julia Gillard , Labor Party , Mining , Resource Super Profits tax , Super profits .
Julia Gillard is Prime Minister today because of the mining magnates ’ campaign against a minor tax impost – the Resource Super Profits Tax .
Their campaign tore down Kevin Rudd ’s leadership .
The panicked right of the trade union movement and Labor Party swung behind Gillard and within a day she was Prime Minister .
The mining barons are a very powerful faction within Australian and global capitalism .
They lied that the mining tax would mean job losses .
The men and women who sacked fifteen percent of their workforce during the global financial crisis convinced many workers around Australia that they would defend them against job losses under Labor ’s tax .
According to Treasury the tax was structured in such a way that it would have increased jobs in the mining industry and the economy more generally .
The way to defend jobs is to strike , not rely on Palmer , Fortescue , and the other super rich mining magnates or their Parliamentary puppets Gillard and Abbott .
Capitalists do n’t understand that workers create wealth .
In the early days of capitalism its bourgeois economists struggled towards some sort of understanding that this was the case and laid the framework for Marx to develop the labour theory of value into an analysis of the crisis ridden nature of the system .
Bourgeois economists from various schools have been unable to understand where economic rent comes from .
Thus for example finite resources like minerals , which often require billions to develop and exploit , can produce profits well above the normal return on costs like capital and labour .
In the case of Australian minerals the demand from China gives further levels of so - called super profits to the mining companies .
The Chinese ruling class buys these mineral resources with the surplus Chinese workers create .
In ‘ normal ’ conditions of competition the super profits in the mining industry would attract new investment and the extra capital and competition would drive down overall returns to the industry .
That is n’t happening in mining because the resources are finite , it costs a lot to enter the market , there is an oligopoly of big mining companies and Chinese demand for Australian resources continues unabated .
This means that the profit rates across industries in Australia are n’t being equalised by normal competitive processes .
This creates a number of problems , including the two stage economy some economists are warning about .
( As an side the monopolisation of capital globally means that these competitive processes are undermined in a range of industries and intervention to mirror the outcomes of competition is and will be one important option for governments around the world .
As the mining companies show , the industries involved will resist any attack on their super profits . )
So the Rudd Labor Government adopted the Resource Super Profits Tax to help equalise the rate of profit across industries and slow down the mining boom .
It was the state imposing a tax to produce a result consistent with the ideology of competition within capitalism .
Further Rudd Labor wanted to redistribute this largesse to the less profitable sections of capital through a tax cut , helping address the stagnant after tax profit rate in those industries .
This is all consistent with Labor ’s role – to rule for capital .
This role means at times attempting to override the interests of sections of capitalism for the system as a whole .
The mining bosses fought back to defend their own interests at the expense of the wider system .
The ascension of Gillard to the Prime Ministership and her commitment to negotiate with the mining barons means they have been successful .
The Resource Super Profits
Tax compromise Gillard engineers will be something like no 40 % subsidy to failed projects , no exploration rebate , a super profit of the long term bond rate plus 5 % , not applying the tax to existing projects , market value instead of historical cost , and a rate of about 30 % .
The loss in predicted revenue – say $ 6 or $ 7 billion of the estimated $ 12 billion – will be made up by no company tax cuts and no accelerated depreciation for small business , no superannuation top up for low paid workers and attacks on social spending – education , health , public transport and the like .
This compromise will be disguised as some sort of victory for both sides .
Having been elected by the mining magnates , Gillard will give them what they want on the mining tax .
She may go further and develop proposals for dealing with climate change that favour them even more than Rudd ’s postponed scheme and generalise the experience to buy off other sections of capital .
The historic role of Labor as the party that rules for capital over sectional business interests is at an end .
The Good Man
Big Moth
By Kimbelry
Monster
Weird Cat
Wonder Woman
4 Arms
Michael
Imaginative Art
By Brendon Miller – age 7
Monster Attacking
For Uncle David
Weird Vehicle
Dinosaur
Superman Sketch
Superman Color
Supergirl
Angry Ball
Angry Ball
Chelsea
Catch
Hankie
Author : Giulia Giulia is a 25 year old girl from Romania .
She runs a blog dedicated to cute animals on furrytalk.com .
She 's also an amateur photographer and has a passion for Photoshop .
Howdie stranger !
If you want to participate in our photoshop and photography contests , just :
LOGIN HERE or REGISTER FOR FREE
The photos you are about to see are part of the “ The Monster Engine Project “ , created by Dave DeVries .
It includes a book , a demonstration , lecture and a gallery exhibition .
The Monster Engine is based on the idea of creating realistic paintings from children ’s drawings .
It all turned out to be a great success and an innovative concept .
Sometimes artists just happen to get to one point where their imagination stops .
But not children .
They are an endless “ resource ” for creations and we are going to prove that to you with this post .
22 images presenting the drawing made by children , all around 6 years old and then their representations made by Dave DeVries .
Amsterdam , 28 July 2010 – The Dutch government is not respecting its obligations under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child .
The government is not taking concrete measures to prevent the distribution of images of sexual abuse in other countries , while it is obliged to do so under international law .
The government should do everything in its power to remove these images , instead of hiding these behind an internetfilter , according to digital rights movement Bits of Freedom .
This an English translation from a Dutch blogpost .
Thanks to everyone who helped translating it !
The UN Convention of the Rights of the Child requires the Dutch government to take measures to prevent the distribution of graphic material depicting sexual abuse .
Recently published answers to questions by VVD - members Jeanine Hennis - Plasschaert and Fred Teeven ( see below for an English translation ) show that outgoing minister Hirsch Ballin is unwilling to take these measures .
The minister is of the opinion , the answers show , that he does not consider it his responsibility to remove these websites through international co-operation .
The VVD ( the Dutch liberal party ) asked the parliamentary questions in response to an analysis by Bits of Freedom regarding a blacklist of prohibited websites which The Netherlands would like to block via an internetfilter ( in Dutch ) .
The analysis of Bits of Freedom demonstrated that this list would probably only contain websites from three countries .
A lot is wrong with this filter .
It does not help victims , because images of sexual abuse are only hidden , not removed .
The filter is being built behind closed doors and could possibly be abused for other means in the future .
Bits of Freedom : “ The Dutch authorities admit that they do not want to take responsibility for preventing the distribution of images of sexual child abuse in other countries .
Instead , it tries to mask its lack of activity by an internetfilter .
Victims of sexual child abuse suffer as a result .
The Netherlands should do everything in its power to remove these websites , instead of hiding them behind an internet filter . ”
Annex
Article 34 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child states that : “ States Parties undertake to protect the child from all forms of sexual exploitation and sexual abuse .
For these purposes , States Parties shall in particular take all appropriate national , bilateral and multilateral measures to prevent [… ] : ( c ) The exploitative use of children in pornographic performances and materials . ”
English translation of Dutch questions regarding the internetfilter by VVD - members Jeanine Hennis - Plasschaert and Fred Teeven to the Dutch Minister of Justice and his and answers ( click here for the Dutch official version )
1 . Is it true that you agreed with the providers to only filter websites from countries with which The Netherlands does not have an agreement on international judicial cooperation ?
3 . How many sites will be on the blacklist when the internetfilter will be put in use ?
Answer to questions 1 and 3
No , in discussions with the providers , it was discussed to block sites which contain child pornography which are hosted in countries with regard to which , on the basis of the experience of the Dutch police , for several reasons it has shown to be factually impossible to address these through judicial cooperation .
The list of sites to be blocked is currently being created by the private “ Meldpunt kinderporno op internet ” [ the Dutch hotline to report child pornography on the internet , ed. ] .
The number of sites which are thus on the list is not yet known .
2 . Is it true that the so - called blacklist , which the Dutch providers will use , will contain websites from only a few countries , being Thailand , Japan and South - Korea ?
Answer
No , see the answers to questions 1 and 3 .
4 . Do you share our opinion that the hiding of these horrible crimes behind a filter does not solve the problem as such ?
Is it intended that the number of sites will gradually be reduced ?
If so , which measures do you intend to take to realise this .
If not , why not ?
Answer
The blocking of the access to websites hosting child pornography , the problem as such does only indirectly contribute to combating this extremely serious form of crime against children .
As has been discussed often with your Parliament , the blocking of websites is a complementary activity in addition to the combating of child pornography by the police and investigative powers .
Unfortunately , there are a lot of countries in the world were the combating of child pornography does receive no or insufficient attention .
Often , child pornography is being offered via the internet from these countries .
In practice , it turns out that these kind of sites , which often change hosting , cannot be addressed from The Netherlands , also not via international judicial cooperation .
International pressure on these countries remains necessary to ultimately reduce the number of sites .
5 . What specific measures have been taken to ensure that Japan , Thailand and South Korea ratify the Convention on Cybercrime and the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime ?
Answer
The Convention against cybercrime has been ratified by fifteen countries .
Japan has signed the treaty , but has not ratified it yet .
The Convention has the Cybercrime Convention Committee linked to it , which convenes on a yearly basis .
At its last convention , held June 24th and 25th in Paris , a Japanese delegation was also present .
I do not have information on any interest by Thailand and South Korea to join the treaty .
In part on behalf of The Netherlands , the European Union is advocating the Convention on Cybercrime as the worldwide standard in the context of the UN .
It is making an appeal to other countries to join the treaty .
Thailand , Japan and South - Korea have signed the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime , but have not yet ratified it .
The ratification of a treaty is a responsibility of the countries involved .
It is not fitting for me to take concrete measures to steer these countries towards ratification .
6 . Which concrete measures have you taken to make sure that the sites , that are hosted in Thailand , Japan and South - Korea , will be removed from the Web ?
7 . Is it your opinion that The Netherlands are making every effort to remove such material ?
If yes , in which way ?
Answer to question 6 and 7
It is not the task of The Netherlands to remove sites from the web that are hosted in other countries .
This is a decision of the respective governments .
Applying collective international pressure on these countries is and remains the due course of action .
Finally I refer to the answer to question 5 .
Afbeelding : “ FILTER = Fail ” van RIUM + , uitgebracht onder een Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 2.0 Generic licentie .
It 's 1999 and lovable computer geek Lewis Henderson is dumped by his longtime girlfriend Sarah .
So he does what any young urban slacker would : work less and beat off more to internet porn .
But with the added pressures of his buggy Y2 K software and repeated romantic rejection , Lewis discovers that the website images no longer turn him on ... and thus begins his strangely satisfying sexual relationship with the machine itself .
Ah , but all honeymoons must end and Lewis ' eye starts to wander from his dependable home desktop .
His desire for newer , sexier models grows until he finds himself lovin ' neighbors ' laptops and copulating with co-worker 's CPUs .
When his boss , Angela , vows to identify the " computer rapist " , Lewis tries to throw off suspicion by dating the company 's mousey receptionist , Jane .
But there 's more to Jane than meets the eye - with the new millennium fast - approaching and a massive motherboard calling , now he has to choose between his freaky fetish and the challenge of real love .
Or does he ?
CONTROL ALT DELETE is a moody romantic comedy exploring fetishism , addiction and love in the information age .
As our hero Lewis struggles to integrate his public and private personas , he realizes he may not be the only one harboring a dirty little secret .
It 's late 1999 .
Stereotypical computer geek Lewis Henderson is arguably the most skilled programmer at Vancouver - based Millenitech , an upstart computer tech firm whose work for the last few years has been solely in dealing with Y2 K issues before the stroke of midnight on January 1 , 2000 .
His current preoccupation is ingesting a vast quantity and wide array of Internet porn , it the only way he can now get himself off .
This preoccupation leads to the end of a relationship with his girlfriend , Sarah .
No one knows about his need for porn , most of his work colleagues who see him as the " good " , straight - laced one and who are open about their own porn predilections , especially Keith Mendelson , Henderson 's biggest ally within the office .
Mendelson probably watches more porn at the office than he does actual work .
With six weeks left in the year , Millenitech receives one last Y2 K contract , an important one in converting a large insurance database covering the entire west coast .
In part because of the tight time frame , Lewis ' ineffectual boss Angela Richardson looks for a project manager to handle this specific contract .
Ultimately , she splits the job into two , the hardware half going to Gustafson , the alpha of the office who sweet - talked her into giving him the job and who mistakenly believes he 's always right and everyone else is wrong , and the programming half going to Henderson .
As Henderson works on the job under Richardson and Gustafson 's scrutiny , he finds he's as blocked in this aspect of his life as he is with his sex life .
As such , he escalates and modifies what he does to get off sexually .
Through it all , he initiates a relationship with the new straight - talking office administrator , Jane Frederickson , he basically using her to deal with the many issues in his life .
The roller skate that Frederickson hangs in her office space belies the reality that is her life .
Meanwhile , Gustafson and Mendelson get sidetracked and join unlikely forces to discover the unknown male employee behind a series of unusual cases of vandalism in the office , their curiosity more to satiate the porn side than the work side of their lives , and to deflect away from the thoughts that one of them may be the vandal .
The good news for Stieg Larsson addicts : two unpublished manuscripts have been unearthed in his native Sweden .
The bad news : they have nothing to do with the Millennium trilogy and , in any case , fans might never be able to read them .
The National Library of Sweden last night revealed that it was in possession of two science fiction stories , sent by a 17 - year - old Larsson to a magazine in the 1970s in an attempt at making his publishing debut .
Unlike the labyrinthine Millennium novels , the teenage works , The Crystal Balls and The Flies , are not thought to run to more than five pages each .
In a letter accompanying his speculative submission to the Jules Verne magazine , Larsson described himself as " a 17 - year - old guy from Umea in the north of Sweden with dreams of becoming an author and journalist " .
The magazine abruptly crushed those dreams , rejecting his first tentative literary efforts .
Decades later , in 2007 , the stories were donated to the library as part of a wider archive provided by the Jules Verne magazine .
And there they gathered dust until yesterday , and the library 's public revelation .
The big question now is whether these teenage stories will ever be seen by Larsson 's ravenous public .
Larsson had a heart attack , aged 50 , and died in 2004 – before the first installment of Lisbeth Salander 's incredible tale , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , was published and before he could finish penning the full Millennium series , which was supposed to run to 10 books .
The author never wrote a will and as a result , under Swedish law , his estate – including the rights to his books – went to his father and brother and not his partner of more than 30 years , Eva Gabrielsson .
( She does have possession of a laptop containing a partially written fourth book , which Larsson 's family has attempted to purchase ) .
Public access to material in the archive of the Swedish National Library is decided on a case - by - case basis , depending on the content .
Magdalena Gram , the deputy national librarian of Sweden , told The Independent that the library would be getting in contact with Larsson 's father and brother regarding the short stories .
Publisher Eva Gedin , who edited the best - selling Millennium trilogy , said that she was unsure whether the new manuscripts would ever be published , but that there had been conversations about releasing other pieces of writing by Larsson .
" It is in the hands of the rights holders if they are interested in having them published , " she said .
" We have discussed with his brother publishing articles from Expo [ the Swedish magazine Larsson edited ] and other magazines . "
Ms Gedin recalled that Sweden 's crime fiction sensation had been interested in becoming an author from an early age .
" His father and mother gave him a typewriter when he was 14 years old , " she said .
" They had to borrow money actually to afford the typewriter , and he immediately started to write stories . "
Larsson was a fan of science fiction as a youngster , she said , " [ but ] my personal view is that ... if you consider his crime novels , I think what he wrote as a journalist in his magazine Expo is more connected to his fiction than maybe these early pieces . "
Long - lost books
* An unfinished Graham Greene murder mystery , The Empty Chair , was discovered in the vaults of a Texas University archive last year .
The manuscript , which the author wrote when he was 22 , was subsequently serialised in an American literary magazine .
It was written in 1926 , the year in which Greene converted to Catholicism .
* An incomplete final novel by Vladimir Nabokov was saved from destruction after 30 years of deliberation by his son over whether it should be published .
The Original of Laura was subsequently bought by Playboy – fairly appropriate for a work by an author whose best - known work is Lolita .
DAVID Cameron was facing the wrath of veterans ’ groups last night after claiming the Second World War was illegal .
The prime minster said that Britain had only agreed to invade Normandy because the Canadian ambassador had threatened Sir Winston Churchill with an angry cat .
Speaking at the end of his official visit to the United States , Mr Cameron said : “ In 1945 , at the behest of the Canadians , we invaded France because the French had invaded Spain .
“ Or was it Germany ?
Or was it Peru ?
“ Anyway , we did our bit , even though the whole thing was a obviously a scam . ”
He added : “ I personally believe that if America had entered war in 1948 then the world would be a very different place .
But unfortunately they waited until 1983 by which time the whole thing had been over for at least 15 years . ”
Roy Hobbs , who landed on the Normandy beaches on D - Day , said : “ Were we fighting the French ?
I know I killed a hell of a lot of French people that day , but I ca n’t remember if I was supposed to . ”
In London , deputy prime minister Nick Clegg announced that he was illegal , that the British government was up to all kinds of ‘ sinister doings ’ and that UK troops were withdrawn from Afghanistan ‘ years ago ’ .
Standing in for Mr Cameron at prime minister ’s questions , he told the House of Commons : “ Mr Speaker , there have been no British troops in Afghanistan since 1520 .
But obviously that will depend upon conditions on the ground , at the time .
Hang on , I ’ve been reading this upside down .
“ Anyway , this government is up to all kinds of murky badness .
You should see my face in some of the meetings .
I ’m like ‘ whaaaaat ?‘. ”
Mr Clegg then drummed his fingers anxiously on the despatch box before adding : “ Who wants to see a magic trick ? ”
Meanwhile , Mr Cameron ’s elderly parents have written to the headmaster of Eton Collge demanding their money back .
Mrs Cameron said : “ Thirty grand a year for this shit ?
Do I look like a fucking chump ?
I want my money .
Now .
“ And do n’t piss me about .
I ’m a magistrate and I will fuck you up . ”
( CNN ) -- Underground teams exploring a West Virginia mine where 29 men died in an April explosion have found a crack in the floor that may have allowed methane to leak before the blast , mine owner Massey Energy confirmed Tuesday .
" The teams were not able to explore the crack to determine if it was the source of a methane explosion , " a company statement said .
" The crack and other potential sources in the mine need to be fully examined before any conclusions can be reached . "
The explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine , about 30 miles south of Charleston , was the industry 's worst disaster in 40 years .
The coal giant also released a July 2004 memo the company received from the Mine Safety and Health Administration regarding incident of methane " outbursts " at the mine , saying it shows the federal agency was inconsistent in its recommendations for air flow at the site .
" The July 15 , 2004 report is very important , " said Massey CEO Don Blankenship in Tuesday 's statement .
" MSHA recognized in 2004 that more airflow was necessary to address methane outbursts , should they occur .
However , in 2009 and 2010 , MSHA required UBB to adopt a ventilation system that resulted in less air . "
MSHA responded in a statement Tuesday that investigators are exploring all of the circumstances surrounding the April 5 explosion .
" The investigation team is reviewing a large number of records including the 2004 memo Massey referenced , as well as inspection records and a significant number of more recent citations issued by MSHA for ventilation problems in Massey 's mine in the months leading up to the explosion , " the statement said .
" While the air quality in the sections of the mine being worked six years ago may provide some insight , the team 's primary focus is on the circumstances occurring in the minutes , hours and months leading up to the explosion , " it said .
Neither Massey nor MSHA provided documentation of the more recent requirements cited in Blankenship 's statement .
Blankenship cautioned that " it is too early to determine what role these changes played or to determine the importance of the crack in the mine floor .
However , this will be a focal point of our investigation and , we hope , the state and federal investigations . "
Designer Jesper Nilsson took one look at the hypodermic needle and had a flash of inspiration :
The skin- piercing sharps need to be more kid-friendly , right ?
The result of this terrifying insight is the Syrinx , a needle and syringe made to look like a cute little animal .
See the picture above to see just how fun it is !
The idea is that kids will be less scared of a glinting needle if it is disguised as a mouse wearing sunglasses and with the number 13 painted on its haunch , but what is much more likely to happen is that the poor child will probably grow up with a world - class mouse - phobia .
And is a mouse the best they could do ?
What about making things a little more educational ?
As the Syrinx is designed to calm children whilst taking their blood , what about shaping it like a giant mosquito , its proboscis now a razor - sharp , surgical - steel spike that pierces the soft pink skin effortlessly and sucks out the blood within .
What could be more kid-friendly than that ?
Prick of The Syrinx [ Yanko ]
See Also :
Follow us for real - time tech news : Charlie Sorrel and Gadget Lab on Twitter ..
THE view from Tim Clark 's office in Emirates ' new headquarters should strike fear into the hearts of rival airline bosses in Europe and America .
Across the way is Dubai Airport 's Terminal 3 , which opened without a hitch six months after the botched start - up of Terminal 5 at Heathrow , London 's biggest airport .
Both terminals can handle about the same number of passengers — a little under 30 m a year — and both were designed and built for the exclusive use of their incumbent flag carriers .
But there the similarities end .
Whereas T5 was shoehorned into a cramped site , T3 covers three times as much space .
And whereas the Heathrow terminal will never get any bigger , T3 will soon be the largest building in the world by floor space , thanks to a new concourse dedicated to Emirates ' growing fleet of Airbus A380s .
When that opens in 2012 , the terminal will be able to accommodate 23 of the leviathan aircraft on stand at the same time and handle 43 m passengers .
About 42 m people a year pass through the airport 's three terminals now , according to Paul Griffiths , Dubai International 's chief executive .
Earlier this year it became the world 's third - busiest international airport ( see chart 1 ) .
With passenger growth running at an annual rate of nearly 20 % and capacity planned to reach 90 m in the next few years , it will not be long before Dubai overtakes Heathrow .
Even as the existing airport grows , just up the road work on a new , much larger one , costing $ 50 billion , is gathering pace .
When Al Maktoum airport at Jebel Ali is finished in the early 2020s ( cargo flights will begin this year ) , it will be by far the biggest in the world , with five parallel runways and an annual passenger capacity of more than 160m .
Emirates will move its entire operation there and the old airport will probably be sold for redevelopment .
One of Mr Griffiths 's biggest headaches is deciding how much to invest in assets at the existing airport that are likely to have only a very brief shelf life .
The ambitions of two other Gulf emirates are equally extraordinary .
In Qatar , Doha International airport , about 200 miles from Dubai , will open in 18 months ' time with a capacity of 24 m passengers a year , rising to twice that in 2015 ( see chart 2 ) .
Abu Dhabi's airport , about 45 minutes ' drive from Jebel Ali , aims to increase its capacity to 20 m in 2012 and to 40 m a few years later .
Thus within five or six years there will be more capacity at these three Gulf airports than there is now at Heathrow , Paris Charles de Gaulle and Frankfurt combined .
Are these merely grandiose vanity projects , fuelled by more money than business sense ?
Or do the new airports — and the linked ambitions of the three emirates ' airlines — reflect a fundamental shift in global aviation power ?
Probably a bit of both , but much more of the latter .
To see why , look at the seemingly unstoppable rise of Emirates , which has provided the template for both Abu Dhabi and Qatar .
It began 25 years ago when Gulf Air , a politically contrived joint venture between Abu Dhabi , Bahrain , Oman and Qatar , decided ( inexplicably , in retrospect ) to cut back its services to Dubai , which was already the region 's transport and trade hub .
Dubai's then ruler , Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum , responded by asking his younger brother , Sheikh Ahmed , to launch a rival airline .
With $ 10 m of start - up capital , a couple of leased aeroplanes ( a Boeing 737 and an Airbus A300 ) and two formidable British aviation executives ( Maurice Flanagan and Mr Clark ) , Emirates was born .
After losing a little money in its second year of operation , it has made a profit ever since and doubled in size every three or four years .
Wholly owned by Dubai 's sovereign - wealth fund , it is now one of the world 's most powerful airlines , with 138 planes , all wide - bodied , and 140 more , including 50 A380s , on firm order .
Some recession - hit rivals have deferred or cancelled orders , but Mr Clark complains that he can't get his hands on the new aircraft quickly enough .
He sees no problems financing them and is negotiating for even more .
By around 2020 , Emirates expects to have a fleet of more than 400 , dwarfing the long - haul capacity of any other airline .
From Dubai , it flies to more than 100 destinations in over 60 countries , reaching every continent .
Sheikh Ahmed , Emirates ' chairman and chief executive , described the last financial year as the airline 's “ toughest ” .
Yet profits rose more than fivefold , to nearly $ 1 billion , helped by lower fuel prices and other cost cuts .
Passenger numbers went up by 21 % to 27.5 m ( see chart 3 ) .
Seat load factors improved by more than two percentage points to 78 % , even though capacity ( measured by available seat kilometres ) increased by a fifth .
In the same period Air France - KLM , Europe 's second - biggest carrier , made a loss of € 1.56 billion ( $ 1.93 billion ) ; embattled British Airways ( BA ) lost £ 531 m ( $ 758 m ) .
Rivals allege that the secret of Emirates ' success lies in all manner of unfair and hidden subsidies ( of which more later ) .
But Mr Clark , the airline 's president , and Mr Flanagan , still there at 82 , as executive vice - chairman , insist that it is simply a very lean , well - run airline blessed by its location and Dubai 's pro-aviation policies .
Those policies stem from a conviction that aviation could act as a spur to Dubai 's economy , by facilitating trade , financial services and tourism .
At Sheikh Ahmed 's prompting , the government has implemented a highly liberal open - skies policy , encouraging other countries to open routes to Dubai and allowing Emirates to build its network .
It has streamlined immigration and visa policies , making it easier for people to pass through or to stay .
It has made sure that airport and air - traffic - control capacity have kept ahead of demand .
And , unhindered by airport curfews in Dubai and flying mainly long - haul routes , Emirates has one of the world 's highest fleet - utilisation rates : its jets are in the air for about 18 hours a day .
An enthusiastic Mr Griffiths , who has been in his current job since 2007 , contrasts his time running Gatwick , London 's second airport , with what happens in Dubai .
At Gatwick , he says , “ if you wanted to do anything , it involved negotiating with large numbers of different stakeholders : the relationship with the airlines was usually adversarial and local councils were hostile to any expansion of the airport . ”
In Dubai , government , the industry and consumers ' interests are aligned .
“ The government 's approach is to say , ‘ Whatever you do , do n't restrain aviation in any way . '
To make a major decision here , there are probably no more than four or five people who are needed in the room . ”
Location underpins Emirates ' business model .
As Aviation Strategy , an industry newsletter , says , the region is a natural “ pinch point ” between westward and eastward routes .
Sheikh Ahmed describes it as being in the middle of the “ new silk road ” .
Nearly 2 billion people live within four hours ' flying time of the Gulf and twice as many within seven hours .
Since the arrival of ultra-long - range airliners in the mid-1990s in the shape of the Boeing 777 ( for which Emirates is the biggest customer ) , any two big cities on Earth can be linked via Dubai with no other stops .
Next , Emirates has built a strong presence in “ secondary ” markets , such as Manchester and Newcastle in Britain , Hamburg and Dusseldorf in Germany or Kochi and Kolkata in India , neglected by airlines like BA , Lufthansa and Air India , which focus on their own hubs .
A passenger flying from , say , Manchester to Tokyo may not care whether he changes planes at Heathrow or Dubai , particularly if Emirates can offer a nicer time in transit , a cheaper ticket and a better in - flight experience .
Emirates has also thrived by entering markets in the rest of the Middle East , Africa , South - East Asia , India and Latin America that had hitherto been poorly connected to the global air - transport network because of over - regulation , the absence of a strong local flag carrier and the indifference of established airlines .
Mr Clark says : “ We had a hunch .
As wealth creation spread through emerging markets , more and more people would want to fly . ”
Emirates has also exploited the growing market for freight to and from such places .
Cargo , much of it carried in the belly of its passenger jets , brings in almost 20 % of revenue , one of the highest shares in the industry .
Finally , having started with a clean sheet , Emirates has a flat management structure and the kind of flexible , highly productive workforce that carriers such as strike - torn BA and high - cost Lufthansa can only dream of .
Although its pilots and engineers are paid at globally competitive rates , most cabin crew and ancillary staff are recruited on lowish wages from the subcontinent and South - East Asia .
A locally based aviation consultant says that flight crews are worked right up to the regulatory limits .
Like other workers in Dubai , Emirates ' employees do not pay income tax , which means that gross salaries can be much lower than at European and American rivals .
Staff costs at Emirates are around 15 % of overhead , against well over twice that for a typical American or European network carrier , says Mr Flanagan .
Fast followers
While Emirates grew and prospered , Qatar and Abu Dhabi , both with far more oil wealth than their pushy neighbour , looked on with a mixture of admiration and envy .
Qatar broke from Gulf Air in 1993 , having become convinced that the joint venture could not serve its needs , but did not begin to develop its airline as a rival international carrier to Emirates until Akbar Al Baker , a young Qatari , was appointed chief executive in 1997 .
Half owned by the Qatari government and half by “ private shareholders ” ( mainly the royal family ) , Qatar Airways has 82 aircraft , but 180 on order , including five A380s and 80 brand - new A350s , for which it is the launch customer .
It is also one of only six airlines to be awarded five stars for the quality of its service by Skytrax , a market - research firm specialising in aviation .
Though held back a bit by a delay to the opening of Doha 's new airport , Qatar Airways is poised for rapid growth .
In June it will add Barcelona , Buenos Aires and São Paulo to the 90 routes it already serves .
If Mr Al Baker is at all worried that the market may not be able to absorb so much new capacity , he does n't show it .
He says that he and his local rivals are all growing at double - digit speed and that passenger numbers and yield show no sign of flagging .
He thinks there is so much demand in the region that “ conventional capacity discipline ” is not required .
He expects to need 70 % of the slots at the new airport and that 75 % of his passengers will be in transit there before heading to other places .
When pressed , though , he says there will be “ at least two survivors ” among the three Gulf “ super-connectors ” .
He adds : “ I am very confident of the operating model we have and we are now very profitable . ”
However , he promises that whatever his competitors may do , he will not dump more capacity on the market than it can bear .
Aviation analysts agree that Qatar controls costs better than any of its rivals , even Emirates .
The new kid is Abu Dhabi 's carrier , Etihad .
Set up in 2003 by royal decree , it claims to be the fastest - growing airline in the history of commercial aviation .
An $ 8 billion order for new aircraft in 2004 was followed by the biggest ever at the Farnborough show in 2008 .
Worth about $ 43 billion at list prices , it included 100 firm orders , 55 options and 50 “ purchase rights ” .
James Hogan , a bullish Australian who used to be chief operating officer at BMI ( a British airline now owned by Lufthansa ) , ran Gulf Air for four years before being plucked by Abu Dhabi 's government in 2006 to oversee the expansion of Etihad .
Although in many ways Mr Hogan is following the model established by Emirates , there are differences .
Abu Dhabi sees the airline as just one part of what it calls its “ Plan 2030 ” , an ambitious attempt to use its huge oil wealth to turn the capital city of the United Arab Emirates into a global hub for transport , financial services and tourism that will be home to 3 m people — more than three times its present population .
This approach contrasts with the more laissez - faire style that fuelled Dubai 's astonishing boom and subsequent dramatic ( if seemingly fairly brief ) bust .
Etihad wants to be known for its quality as much as its size .
Mr Hogan says : “ Although no airline has ever ramped at the same speed as us , my mandate is not to build the largest airline , but the best in class . ”
He has made impressive strides in a short time .
Etihad has won several international awards for the experience it offers its “ guests ” , as it likes to call its passengers , and it gives every impression of being a well - run airline that understands what it takes to become a leading brand .
What Mr Hogan will not say , however , is whether he is meeting the financial targets set for him by his government shareholder .
“ I have to make money , ” he says , “ but the financial crisis and the H1N1 pandemic pushed our break - even out beyond this year . ”
He insists that his deep - pocketed owners are in it for the long haul .
However , the biggest obstacles in the way of Etihad 's ultimate success are sitting on its own doorstep in the shape of mighty Emirates and the new mega-airport at Jebel Ali .
Abu Dhabi's oil wealth makes it more than capable of financing its grand plans , which include the Ferrari World theme park , due to open soon , a branch of the Guggenheim museum and world - class hotels with worryingly green golf courses .
But the place lacks the commercial vibrancy that has propelled Dubai 's sharp - elbowed aviation industry onwards and upwards .
The airport company , ADAC , in particular , seems provincial and a bit dozy compared with its slick counterpart in Dubai .
The next phase of the airport 's expansion — a huge $ 6.8 billion midfield terminal — is said to have hit design problems .
Dubai's marbled oasis
Whatever Etihad 's local difficulties , the threat from the Gulf to international network carriers in Europe and America and even the Far East ( where future airport growth is more constrained and geography less helpful ) is real and growing .
With tiny populations of their own , they are competing directly for passengers that some other airlines seem to think should be theirs by right .
Complaints about unfair competition are becoming more strident as network carriers that have seen their short - haul businesses fall prey to low - cost airlines now fear something similar happening to their long - haul operations .
It 's not fair
In the vanguard of the campaign to blacken the reputation of Gulf carriers is Lufthansa , the most powerful airline in Europe and a prime consolidator in the industry .
The list of allegations is long and predictable .
The oldest canard is that the Gulf airlines must get subsidised fuel because their government owners are sitting on lots of oil .
In fact , Emirates , Etihad and Qatar all pay slightly more for fuel at their home bases than at some of the international airports they fly to because of the lack of refining capacity in the region .
Another is that neither they nor their employees pay tax .
That is not quite as significant as it seems .
In practice , many European and American airlines pay little tax because they roll over losses from cyclical downturns to reduce their liability in good years .
And a corollary of no income tax in Dubai is the lack of social services for expatriate workers .
Emirates stumps up about $ 400 m a year to provide schools , health care and accommodation for its staff .
Among other charges made against the Gulf airlines is that they receive government subsidies to finance aircraft orders and that they get favourable deals on landing and other airport charges at their home hubs .
Not every Gulf airline is the same , but aircraft are mostly financed in the normal way using international banks , leasing firms and official export - credit organisations in America and Europe .
Lenders may reckon that governments stand behind the loans , but the airlines claim that no sovereign guarantees are on the table .
Nor can most European and American network carriers argue they have never received state support , whether as pension - fund contributions or through the farce of operating for years under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
As for airport charges , at Dubai International the 126 other carriers that use the airport pay the same fees as Emirates , which by international standards are not especially low .
Another whinge from the European airlines is that from 2012 , when Europe 's emissions - trading scheme includes airlines flying to and from European destinations , their non-stop services will be disadvantaged because the Gulf airlines will pay the tax only on one half of a two - leg service .
But the European Commission is sceptical whether the extra costs are large enough to make “ carbon leakage ” a real issue .
For passengers , at least , the arrival of the Gulf super - connectors is unalloyed good news : more routes , lower prices and better service .
In particular , the opening of entirely new networks to big , fast - growing but previously underserved cities in emerging economies is both a feature and a stimulant of globalisation .
There are good reasons , such as the scarcity of land and local environmental objections , why cities like London and New York no longer wish to accommodate ever - expanding mega - hub airports .
If Dubai , Qatar and Abu Dhabi want to put aviation at the heart of their economies by taking the spillover from growth - constrained airports in developed countries and by building networks that European and American carriers , obsessed with stifling competition through mergers and alliances , could not be bothered with , they deserve not brickbats but applause .
@@feedroom:c146f2e2aacc012dfca1724995cdadc2d3939097&rf=bm@@
Editor 's note :
In the original print version of this story we reported that " the always active Gulf rumour mill " reckoned , first , that Etihad lost $ 1.2 billion in 2009 and , second , that its boss , James Hogan , might move on to become the next director - general of IATA , the airline industry 's trade body .
Both rumours were indeed being circulated at the time .
But we are now satisfied that neither is true , so we have removed them from this piece .
Mr Hogan remains firmly at Etihad , but the airline has not disclosed any further information about the extent of its losses other than to make clear that they are substantially smaller than $ 1.2 billion .
This is a guest blog post by Andrew Church .
He is a talented software engineer and OSS aficionado based in Japan .
Since the Aquaria source was released , Andrew has been busy hacking away on an unofficial PSP version .
Read on for his story :
After discovering ( and being completely enthralled by ) Aquaria via the Humble Indie Bundle , I was delighted to see that the source code was going to be released as open source .
I 've lately done a fair amount of development for the PSP — its restrictive environment is a nice challenge to work with , and of course it 's fun to get game programs running on a gaming platform — so I thought I 'd see if Aquaria could be ported to the PSP .
Aquaria running on a PSP Aquaria running on a PSP
As it happens , I had already developed a multiplatform engine for another game , supporting the PSP among other platforms .
That engine unfortunately never saw the light of day , but it did provide a convenient place from which to start .
In fact , I got underway a full week before the Aquaria source was released , sifting through my code to figure out what would most likely be useful and how best to interface it to an as - yet - unknown code base .
The PSP environment
While Sony has gone to a fair amount of trouble to prevent people from running their own software ( so - called " homebrew " software ) on their PSPs , it 's nonetheless possible to do so thanks to the efforts of a number of independent developers who opened up the platform .
There 's an unofficial SDK ( see ps2dev.org , though the site goes down occasionally ) which is more than adequate for game development , and with older PSP models , it 's even possible to install custom firmware to extend the OS services provided by Sony 's official system software ( and avoid the necessity of running a " homebrew enabler " every time you restart the system ) .
Thanks to the unofficial SDK , as well as a USB shell ( psplink , also from ps2dev.org ) which allows programs to be run directly from a PC , the process of developing for the PSP is not much different from developing for the PC environment : write code in your favorite editor or IDE , build it using a cross-compiler and cross - linker , and run it through the USB shell .
However , if you approach programming for the PSP as you would a typical PC environment , you 'll quickly run into difficulties .
For those unfamiliar with the PSP 's internals , it has :
a MIPS - based CPU running at a user - selectable speed of up to 333 MHz ;
24MB of system RAM available to user programs , increased to 52MB on the PSP - 2000 " Slim " and PSP - 3000 " Brite " models ;
2MB of graphics RAM ;
a simple ( shaderless ) graphics processor ;
8 channels of stereo audio ;
a secondary CPU used for video and audio decoding ;
and a Memory Stick for data storage .
And that 's it , more or less .
No virtual memory , no I/ O caching , no many things taken for granted on a PC .
My own engine was in fact originally Linux - specific , only ported to the PSP after I had completed the first iteration of the program .
As a result , I already had a fairly good idea of the issues I 'd need to deal with ; floating point calculations — the PSP can only handle single - precision values in hardware , so every use of " double " requires a software emulation call — and memory allocation were close to the top of the list .
The hidden horrors of STL
It turned out that memory allocation was the biggest hurdle to creating a PSP port .
Aquaria is written in C++ , and makes heavy use of the Standard Template Library .
From a PC development standpoint , I 'm sure that 's a great idea , as it saves the time of manually implementing all sorts of data structures ; if you want a mapping from strings to FooStruct pointers , you can just say " std : : map < std : : string , FooStruct * > " and presto , you have your mapping .
Unfortunately , every time you do that , STL kills a kitten .
Well , maybe not .
But practically every operation involving STL objects — be it storing to a map , concatenating strings , what have you — triggers a memory allocation , sometimes several .
On a PC , where you have gigabytes of virtual memory space even on 32 - bit systems and you do n't have to worry about fragmenting physical memory because the OS will remap it for you , that 's just fine .
On the PSP ?
Not so much .
I had already written a custom memory allocator for my own engine , which had served me very well .
It allowed the caller to choose where the memory was to be allocated ( top or bottom of memory , main or temporary pool ) , so I could minimize fragmentation .
When built in debug mode , the allocator would even record the file and line where each block was allocated , an invaluable aid in minimizing memory usage and tracking down the occasional leak .
This allocator used a block size of 64 bytes , partly to accommodate hardware alignment requirements and partly to reduce the potential for memory fragmentation .
For my engine , which was judicious about allocations , this was no problem .
For STL , which likes to allocate 5 - byte and 12 - byte and 27 - byte blocks all over the place , the overhead got pretty ridiculous .
I ended up writing a secondary allocator that sat under the primary one and functioned more like a traditional malloc ( ) , parcelling out memory in 8 - byte blocks with only a minimal header .
I changed my custom malloc ( ) routines to target this secondary allocator , and was able to get the overhead down to manageable levels .
( I subsequently had to add a third allocator specifically for Lua , the scripting language used by Aquaria , which spams tiny requests even more often than STL . )
I still have n't ironed out all of the fragmentation issues , but that was at least enough to get the game running .
Graphical issues
As mentioned earlier , the PSP has only 2MB of graphics RAM .
The PSP 's display size is 480x272 pixels , with a line stride of 512 pixels , so a standard double - buffered setup at 32 bits per pixel already takes up over half of the available memory ; add a 16 - bit depth buffer and an extra framebuffer for offscreen rendering , and you 've pretty much exhausted it entirely .
Fortunately , the PSP 's rendering hardware ( the GE , presumably " Graphics Engine " ) can load texture data from system RAM , though it 's terribly slow unless you " swizzle " the data into the 16 - byte - by - 8 - line blocks which the GE uses for pixel processing .
Aquaria 's textures were designed for an 800x600 display , which is of course more resolution than is needed on the PSP .
Moreover , there are a number of 1024 - wide or 1024 - high textures , which exceed the GE 's limits of 512x512 pixels .
Since shrinking every texture at runtime either reduces quality ( if you use the simple pixel - dropping algorithm needed to maintain reasonable execution speed ) or is unbearably slow ( if you try to scale down more smoothly ) , I opted to pre-scale the textures down by half in each direction and save them in custom - format files which the PSP port would look for in preference to the original PNGs .
I also converted each texture to 8 - bit indexed format , reducing the total data size by a further factor of 4 while causing minimal image degradation — I have n't yet noticed any textures where the color quantization stands out .
I subsequently took advantage of my custom texture format to record the amount of blank space at the edge of each texture .
Since the GE takes time to process each pixel of a texture even if it 's transparent , the wide transparent borders used in some of Aquaria 's textures to ensure power - of - two texture sizes slowed the frame rate down noticeably .
I added code to my texture converter to detect such blank borders and record their sizes in the texture files , then modified the core renderer to make use of those values when assigning vertex coordinates .
Packaging the data files
The commercial distribution of Aquaria includes close to 5,000 data files .
As mentioned earlier , the PSP 's OS does not do any sort of I/ O caching , so every time you open a file , the OS has to read through the entire directory to find the file you need .
When running the code over a USB connection , this delay is hidden by the host OS 's disk cache , but when you move to the Memory Stick , the program can slow down by an order of magnitude or more .
In fact , when I first ran Aquaria from a Memory Stick , it took nearly eight minutes just to load the initial data set .
In the original engine from which I took most of my code , I had already developed a package file system to deal with these delays .
Rather than opening individual files from the physical filesystem , I stored them all in a single package file , whose file lookup table I could cache in memory when the program started up .
Loading a data file then becomes as simple as seeking to the start of the data in the package file and reading the requisite number of bytes , which the PSP can handle much more quickly .
For Aquaria , the use of a package file reduced the initial loading time from 460 seconds to a much more reasonable 14 seconds .
To improve speed further , the PSP port uses a separate I /O thread for reading from files .
( In fact , the PSP - specific code makes fairly extensive use of threads : an audio mixing thread , one thread per audio stream decode , a vertical sync thread , and probably a couple others I 'm forgetting . )
My original engine took advantage of this to issue asynchronous reads for data files , allowing gameplay to continue while new data was being loaded into memory .
Aquaria 's core code does not seem to be designed for asynchronous I/O , but the use of an I / O thread still provides a moderate performance improvement by reducing the number of system calls required to load a file .
A minor issue with the use of a package file was that the Aquaria source uses standard library calls such as stdio's fopen ( ) and C++ file streams ( which in turn call stdio ) to access data files .
Rather than trying to search out and change all of these calls to PSP - specific ones , which would then of course require #ifdef bracketing , I wrote a replacement stdio library which first looked up each requested file in the package , falling back to system calls if the file was not found there .
This coincidentally fixed an unnecessary dependency on the PSP networking libraries , which were pulled in by a setsockopt ( ) reference in Newlib's implementation of fcntl ( ) .
( Newlib is the standard C library used with the unofficial PSP SDK ; there 's also a minimal C library included with the SDK , though I have n't yet tested whether it has enough functionality to support Aquaria and its dependencies . )
Pushing the code
Once I had gotten the game to a minimally playable state , I then wanted to push my code to a public repository for others to use .
I did n't want to push the entire 57,000 - line diff as a single changeset , since that would make it all but impossible for anyone else to see what I had actually changed in the original Aquaria code and why , and equally difficult to track down the cause of any regressions .
I also did n't want to individually push the 500 - odd changesets from my private repository , for the same reason ( I often make multiple commits while working on a single feature , using the repository as a sort of undo buffer while I experiment ) and also because some of my commit comments were n't exactly . . . fit for public consumption , let us say .
Instead , I went through my changesets one by one , grouping the changes into related categories , and ended up with a total of 40 changesets which I pushed to a separate Mercurial repository I had created for publishing my patches to Aquaria .
I 've been through a few source code management systems over the years ( RCS , CVS , Subversion ) , but Mercurial is my current preference .
As a distributed SCM tool , Mercurial has the significant advantage of being able to commit changes without access to a primary repository , a feature of which I make extensive use .
Perhaps because of my experience with CVS , I 've found Mercurial straightforward and easy to use , as opposed to Git , which feels just a bit too dense for me to take interest in .
It also turns out to be easy to publish Mercurial repositories on the web , so I put my public Aquaria repository online for others to peruse .
But . . . does it work ?
At the moment , I would have to say " sort of " .
It works in the sense of being playable ; you can explore the world of Aquaria as freely as on a PC .
On the other hand , there 's still a lot of optimization needed , as the frame rate drops sharply in heavily - inhabited areas .
( Naturally , I do n't mean any criticism of the original code , which runs just fine on the PC .
The PSP in particular is arguably outdated in terms of technology , and I can hardly fault Alec for not considering it when he created the program . )
Nonetheless , with sufficient patience , it may already be possible to complete the game on the PSP .
And I do n't intend to stop here , of course — a masterpiece like Aquaria deserves better !
Philip K Dick
Movie - Total Recall ( 1990 ) Based on Story - We Can Remember It For You Wholesale
The original story , " We Can Remember It For You Wholesale " , was only about 20 pages long .
So fairly short .
Douglas Quail and his wife Kirsten live a quiet life , and Douglas dreams of seeing Mars .
Kirsten is rather unsupportive and bashes his dreams every chance she gets .
He goes into Rekal , which implants artificial memories .
Douglas wants not only to have memories of going to Mars but also of being a secret agent with Interplan .
The Rekal people realize quickly that there are REAL memories of a Mars trip and secret agent in Quail 's brain .
They explain that while the government might have erased Quail 's memories , they did n't erase his * desire * for both which is why he kept dreaming about Mars and secret agents .
They decide just to leave Quail as is , and figure Quail will figure those memories he does now remember are just botched bits of the " memory overlay " that never actually happened .
They give him back half his money .
Unfortunately , Quail does n't like this .
He figures the memory was botched , he wants a full refund .
Rekal gives it to him and tries to warn him not to tell others of his " Mars Trip " .
Quail is convinced this is just a bad memory implant .
But back home , he does actually find a box of Mars items and starts to wonder what is going on .
He asks his wife , who has a fit and stalks out .
At the same time , a cop shows up and tells Quail he has a transmitter in his head .
The cop tells Quail that he was indeed a spy and had gone to Mars .
Quail remembers now that he was a very good assassin .
Quail talks with the cops via his head - implant and agrees with them that if they tried to wipe out his memory he'd just dream of Mars again .
So he asks them to replace it with something even more exciting - being a millionaire , being a Don Juan - so that the chance of him dreaming of Mars " instead " would be slim .
They agree .
After a battery of tests , the psychiatrists say that they 've found an ideal childhood fantasy of his .
He 's 9 years old and space aliens meet him .
They like him so much that they agree not to destroy Earth while he 's alive .
Everyone agrees this is the perfect memory to keep him happy .
But of course , when they try to implant the memory , the find out it is true , and that they best keep him alive as long as possible .
This is a very cute , straightforward story .
Quail wants to live an exciting life instead of being a boring worker with a nasty wife .
He finally tries for it and finds out he DID have an exciting life , and wants things to just quiet down again .
He wants this so much that he walks back to them open - armed , asking them to at least try to cure him before they kill him .
He does n't try to run or go to Mars to find out who he assassinated or anything else .
And it turns out he has even more memories tucked into his brain that are even more important than a simple assassination .
The story is a short one so there really is n't a lot of character development .
You feel sorry for Quail and this sad life he has gotten .
His wife does n't seem to be a " fake " , she 's just who he ended up with after his adventure .
The spies do actually hope to just ' fix ' him until he finally remembers the assassination , and even then they 're willing to work with him to handle this in a non-lethal manner .
The final resolution is a little glib .
If the aliens thought the 9 year old was worthy of saving , should n't they figure that maybe others of the race were too ?
That they should n't try to wipe us all out ?
But the point was to have a plot twist , not necessarily to have a fully logical situation .
I just hope poor Quail ends up with a better job and nicer wife going forward .
The 1990 movie version of Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sharon Stone .
In the movie version of the story , Douglas Quaid does n't want a memory of being a spy on Mars .
He just wants a memory of a trip to Mars .
But of course when the people at Recall try to implant that , they realize he was a spy .
Instead of the complex " let him believe we mistakenly implanted it - refund half his money " plotting of the story , the movie just has them dump him into a cab .
Quaid goes home quite convinced he was on Mars , and the bad guys from the Mars Corporation show up to kill him , now that he 's regaining his memory .
He takes them out and a spy - friend of his gives him equipment to remove the head transmitter and get over to Mars .
Once there , he tries to figure out who he was , running into Melina ( Rachel Ticotin ) - an underground rebel .
Once again we have a very Metropolis - like setup ( same as in Minority Report ) where those with money have lovely homes and luxury while those without money are on death 's door .
Quaid gets in to see the head of the rebels , Kuato , and at this point it turns out that Quaid was actually a double agent .
He had been working for the Corporation to find out who Kuato was , and ALL of this - including the memory override , his life with fake - wife Lori , etc - was part of a deliberate plot for Quaid to break the rebels .
The " new " Quaid is a rebel - lover , though , and he breaks into the alien artifacts that the Corporation has been hiding .
It turns out they are able to turn Mars into an air - rich world , so that the Corporation no longer has a power hold over all of the poor people .
Quaid and Melina are happy together in a Hollywood Ending .
First , the minor changes .
They turned Quail into Quaid .
They turned wife Kirsten into Lori , who in the movie was lovey - dovey instead of nasty .
Instead of the government benignly being after Douglas , being willing to help him out , it is now the Mars Corporation after Douglas , both trying to kill him and trying to 'egg him on ' to get to Kuato so Kuato can be killed .
This Corporation was risking an AWFUL lot on the sequence of events that 1 ) Douglas ' repressed desire to go to Mars would be so strong that he'd seek an overlay , that 2 ) The overlay would fail in such a way that he'd get a bunch of his memories back , that 3 ) he would n't be psychotic as a result but would merrily head over to Mars to research it , 4 ) in his bungling state , even though he was undoubtedly a spy , he'd be brought right into Kuato 's presence , 6 ) Kuato would indeed be killed , and 6 ) at the end they'd be able to sort out Quaid 's brain enough to return him back to his pre-memory - messing evil state .
That 's all very hard to believe .
Next , as if all of that was n't bad enough , the point of the original story was that this Mars thing was just a PRELUDE to the real story .
In the book , Quaid did n't even go to Mars .
The Recall trip was enough to reveal he was a spy , at which point he pretty much shrugs his shoulders and says " OK well hopefully you can fix me so I do n't remember my spy days . "
At which point they realize there was something even MORE important than his spy days in his brain .
But in the movie version , it 's all about him being a spy and saving the underclass of Mars from an air monopoly .
That whole Metropolis situation was n't in the book at all .
Since probably 99 % of the movie was n't in the original storyline at all , it 's a good thing they did n't keep the same title to try to claim it was the same story .
Of course I imagine if the original title HAD been Total Recall , they might have kept it for the same reason they kept the title on the other wildly altered story - to - movie transformations of Dick 's tales .
I imagine the only reason they changed it in this case was that We Can Remember It For You Wholesale was too long to fit on movie posters .
They did have aliens at the end , but instead of the aliens planning on coming to kill all Earthlings , the aliens were a kind , benevolent race that conveniently left an entire , functional air - making machine in place but not running .
Why would they build it but not turn it on ?
If they built it millions of years in the past , what 's the chances that the aliens back then knew the exact mixture of oxygen / etc. that us Earthlings would need to breathe and have a machine to make it ?
Why not turn on the machine back then so that a great planet would be waiting for us , instead of leaving us a nasty planet that we had to turn on ourselves ?
I did like the bit where Douglas has to decide if he really IS on Mars , talking to the Recall agent , or if this is just some sort of hallucination he 's having in his brain while his body is back on Earth .
To judge by a sweat bead is silly though .
If he WAS psychotic , and believed he was on Mars , then he could easily have projected that sweat bead on the Recall agent as part of his psychosis .
It would match the mind - state he would be in .
I also have to say that people 's eyes would n't bulge like that on Mars even if there was n't air .
I like the movie a lot , and have seen it many times .
But as a version of a Philip K Dick story , it misses the boat .
It 's a great standalone sci fi story , though , with fun twists and turns , and fun ' background technology ' .
A personal favorite of mine is the wall - screen in their kitchen .
Mirjam Evers is a Dutch freelance photographer specializing in environmental portraits , travel , documentary and adventure photography .
During the course of her career she has traveled to over 50 countries capturing the diversity of people and cultures in some of the most exotic places in the world .
She specializes in shooting intimate portraits using off camera flash , unusual angles and interesting lenses .
Her photographs have been published in PC Photo , Outdoor Photographer , PDN Magazine , American Photo , Popular Photography , Hamptons Magazine , Photographer ’s Forum , Best of Photography Annual and International Expeditions , Nikon ’s 2010 Calendar .
Corporate clients include : Lensbaby , Lowepro , Epson and Visa Card .
Mirjam is based in New York City and is a member of ASMP and PPA .
She ’s able to transcend cultural and language barriers with an intangible spirit that comes through in every portrait .
( Above Paragraph ) Mark Edward Harris , PC Photo
I was lucky enough to attend a discussion and portfolio viewing for the world acclaimed adventure photographer , Mirjam Evers , in Charleston , SC last night .
If you missed it , I ’m truly sorry as you missed a look into Mirjam ’s shooting style , candid photos from her portfolio , as well as , countless tips and tricks on portrait photography .
The top tips I came away with from the discussion were :
She shoots in RAW format
She shoots with a Nikon D700
She shoots with an SB800 Nikon Flash handheld unit
All her photo touch - up is done in camers
Hire a guide and setter ( someone who gets people to let you take their picture ) when you are in another country .
Pack extremely light as you will be charged for overweight when you travel
Her travel kit includes 1 – 2 D700 bodies , 24 - 78 zoom lens , 20 mm prime lens , sb800 flash w/ remote and sometimes a 70 - 300 mm zoom lens
Mirjam is the co-founder of Photo Quest Adventures which is a school that holds workshops all around the world on lighting , portraits , landscapes and nature photography .
They photograph in Antarctica , The States , Kenya , New Zealand , Dominican Republic , Patagonia & the Netherlands where she is from .
A bit about Photo Quest Adventures from their website
Photo Quest Adventures ( PQA ) was founded by a group of professional photographers with the sole purpose of conducting intimate photography workshops in the world ’s most unique places .
We believe that bringing small groups together with pro-photographers in dynamic and less traveled locations around the globe is key to a cultural , educational and adventurous photographic experience .
We travel and photograph places “ off the beaten path ” at the optimum time of the year for photography as well as schedule our daily itineraries for shooting during the perfect times of the day .
Since we keep our groups small , we are able to customize our workshops for the individual , ensuring that all of our attendees expand their photo skills regardless of their skill level .
We also combine our Global Quests with adventurous activities such as camping in the Gobi Desert , hiking in Bhutan and kayaking in Chile , as well as offer a variety of Specialty Quests , including studio lighting , off - camera flash , location lighting and digital workflow classes .
Samples of Mirjam Evers Work
Conclusion
The top tip I came away with from this discussion was “ never send a fish eye photograph to any editor , ever ! ” I thank her for taking the time to come speak with us and wish her the best of luck in the future .
You can find more of Mirjam Evers work at her website .
Make sure you go check it out and drop her a line if she inspires you .
What is your favorite photo from her portoflio ?
Let us know in the comments and stay tuned for a look into the way she shoots her portraits in my next post .
( CNN ) --
An Independence Day parade in Iowa descended into chaos when when two horses went out of control and took their wagon with them , running into crowds of celebrants and leaving more than 20 people injured , according to authorities .
A woman injured in the incident died Sunday evening , police said .
It happened at the Bellevue Heritage Day Celebration Parade in Bellevue , Iowa , on the state 's eastern border with Illinois .
Fire Chief Chris Rowling told CNN that emergency officials responded to a call that came in just before noon , about a " mass casualty incident " at the annual Fourth of July parade .
Rowling said two horses pulling a wagon went out of control along the parade route .
They ran with the wagon for about six blocks , hitting numerous children and adults .
A total of 24 people were taken to hospitals in the area .
The injuries ranged from abrasions to fractures to collapsed lungs .
Five people were in critical condition and five were in severe condition , while 14 people had injuries considered minor , Rowling said .
Rowling added that the injured ranged in age from 2 to 62 , with more than half being under the age of 12 .
Brent Roling with the Bellevue police department said a 60 - year - old woman died hours after the incident at a hospital in Iowa City .
Fire Chief Rowling said one of the horses hitched to the wagon dislodged the bridle of the other horse , compromising the driver 's ability to control them both .
Iowa Gov. Chet Culver issued a statement on the incident , saying his " thoughts and prayers " were with the injured and the town .
" I am especially saddened because the accident occurred during the events celebrating Independence Day , which is a day that should be filled with pride and joy for all Iowans and Americans , " Culber said , adding that he thanked the spectators who aided the injured , and the emergency responders at the scene .
Anyone else have StarCraft II try to melt their hardware ?
Blizzard admits that it's a known issue and has a fix for you .
Apparently , the game 's menu screens are n't framerate - limited .
This means that when there 's nothing else going on , your graphics hardware renders the bejeezus out of those screens , causing nasty overheating problems .
The fix is easy , requiring players to add the following lines to your " Documents \ StarCraft II Beta\variables.txt " " Documents \StarCraft II\variables.txt " file ( nice catch , commenter LegolElf ) :
frameratecapglue=30
frameratecap=60
Good to know .
Personally I would have appreciated a heads - up before my video card fried , but maybe this can save someone else from the hassle I 've been dealing with since yesterday afternoon .
On a related note , Blizzard explains StarCraft II 's system requirements in detail here .
If you 're curious , you 'll get a much better answer there than you would from me directly .
So stop asking and read the official post already !
[ hat tip GiantBomb ]
Volkswagen has recently announced a rather ambitious project that , for a change , has nothing to do with cars .
Teaming up with regenerative - power company Lichtblick , it aims to install 100,000 co-generation power units in Germany as part of a concept called ‘ SchwarmStrom ’ which , literally translated , means ‘ swarm power ’ .
Successful application would allow Germany to abandon the use of nuclear and coal power stations and provide adequate backup to renewable energy sources , reducing carbon dioxide emissions by up to 60 % .
The plan is to install miniature gas - fired power plants based on internal combustion engines in homes , which would collectively produce electricity equivalent to two nuclear reactors over the course of year .
Providing heating , hot - water and electricity would be the generator ’s main job , and excess power would be relayed back into the local grid for use elsewhere .
Lichtblick underlines its green credentials by citing the use of biogas rather than natural gas , and benefits to the consumer come in the form of greatly reduced consumption due to the high efficiency of the new system .
It does have a few hurdles to jump before this vision can become reality , however , since households would allegedly have to pay around USD $ 7,250 each in order to have a generator installed .
A statement released by VW and Lichtblick reads “ SchwarmStrom is revolutionizing power production in Germany .
It clears the way for more renewable energy and an exit from power from nuclear and coal .
The home power plants together form a huge , invisible power station that does n’t make the countryside ugly or require additional infrastructure . ”
The success of the project is largely based on hitting the targets set to make the savings feasible , and many more questions are likely to be posed to involved parties at the Frankfurt motor show .
1 IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
2 DISTRICT OF UTAH , CENTRAL DIVISION
3
4 THE SCO GROUP , INC . , a Delaware )
5 corporation , )
6 Plaintiff , )
7 vs. ) Case No. 2:04 -CV -139TS
8 NOVELL , INC . , a Delaware )
9 corporation , )
10 Defendant . )
11 _________________________________)
12 AND RELATED COUNTERCLAIMS . )
13 _________________________________)
14
15 BEFORE THE HONORABLE TED STEWART
16 ---------------------------------
17 March 26 , 2010
18 Jury Trial
19
20
21
22
23
24 REPORTED BY : Patti Walker , CSR , RPR , CP
25 REDACTED
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 1 of 76
2597
1 A P P E A R A N C E S
2
3
4 For Plaintiff : Brent Hatch
HATCH JAMES & DODGE
5 REDACTED
6
7 Stuart Singer
BOIES SCHILLER & FLEXNER
8 REDACTED
9
10 Edward Normand
BOIES SCHILLER & FLEXNER
11 REDACTED
12
13
For Defendant : Sterling Brennan
14 WORKMAN NYDEGGER
15 REDACTED
16
Eric Acker
17 Michael Jacobs
MORRISON & FOERSTER
18 REDACTED
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 2 of 76
2598
1 SALT LAKE CITY , UTAH ; FRIDAY , MARCH 26 , 2010 ; 8:30 A.M .
2 PROCEEDINGS
3 THE COURT : Good morning .
4 Let me ask , first of all , whether or not you have
5 any disputes over closing argument demonstratives or slides ,
6 or whatever else ?
7 MR . BRENNAN : Your Honor , we had a chance to look
8 at one another's .
I think with some modifications that were
9 just made , we should be in agreement , at least in terms of
10 presentation of the material .
11 THE COURT : I 'm not sure that I understand what
12 you mean at least in regards to the presentation of
13 materials .
14 MR . BRENNAN : We do n't have an objection to the
15 use of the demonstratives .
16 THE COURT : Do you have an objection to any of Mr.
17 Brennan's ?
18 MR . SINGER : No , Your Honor .
19 THE COURT : SCO today filed a motion regarding
20 three issues about closing , and I would agree with their
21 request .
I am going to assume the first one is no longer
22 relevant because the parties have agreed as to the
23 demonstratives .
24 MR . SINGER : That 's correct .
25 THE COURT : The second is SCO objects to any
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 3 of 76
2599
1 attempt by Novell to argue to the jury that Novell's
2 assertion to ownership applied only to UNIX and not to
3 UnixWare copyrights .
Do you wish to address that , Mr.
4 Jacobs ?
5 MR . JACOBS : We do not quarrel with that in the
6 context of the closings , Your Honor , but we will be making
7 clear the delineation between the pre-APA UnixWare and
8 post -APA UnixWare .
9 THE COURT : I think the jury instruction now
10 reflects that better than it did before as well .
11 The third has to do with an attempt , frankly , by
12 either side to argue something contrary to law .
My
13 assumption is that neither of you will have done that in any
14 event ; is that correct ?
15 MR . JACOBS : That is correct .
Just to avoid
16 confusion during the openings themselves , SCO 's motion is
17 drawn to section 204 ( a ) of the Copyright Act , which was the
18 subject of the Tenth Circuit ruling .
The Tenth Circuit
19 ruling was that there is no per say requirement under 204( a )
20 of the Copyright Act for something that represents
21 specifically or in substance a bill of sale .
We 're not
22 arguing that issue under the Copyright Act .
We will be
23 arguing that the asset purchase agreement was a promise to a
24 assign , not an assignment , that Amendment No. 2 is dated
25 October 26th , I think , 1996 , and that as a matter of
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 4 of 76
2600
1 contract law , just as in the purchase and sale of a house ,
2 there was no subsequent evidence of an actual transfer .
So
3 we 'll be arguing it as a matter of contract law , which the
4 Tenth Circuit did not address .
5 MR . SINGER : Your Honor , this is exactly the type
6 of argument that we filed this motion because we were
7 concerned they might make .
The Tenth Circuit specifically
8 held they did n't see anything to this date issue .
I think
9 it 's expressly in one of the footnotes on this section when
10 this argument was made .
There is no difference between
11 making this argument in the context of the Copyright Act or
12 making it in the contract section .
The Court of Appeals
13 specifically ruled that Amendment 2 would be sufficient to
14 transfer title , that that was the intent of the parties .
15 So I think , with all due respect , Mr. Jacobs is in
16 the teeth of that decision .
17 THE COURT : Mr. Jacobs .
18 MR . JACOBS : Your Honor , footnote 2 is the
19 footnote I think Mr. Singer is referring to and it's a
20 footnote in the context of the discussion of section 204( a ) ,
21 it is not a holding that the contract could not be
22 interpreted in the way that we 're proposing to interpret it .
23 There was no such briefing or argument before the Tenth
24 Circuit .
The footnote itself is not definitive at all on
25 the question that we propose to argue as a matter of
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 5 of 76
2601
1 contract interpretation .
I could hand it to Your Honor if
2 it would be convenient , you could look yourself .
3 THE COURT : I probably need to look at it .
4 MR . SINGER : We would also submit that this would
5 just be confusing to the jury because there 's been no
6 evidence here that they would be drawing any conclusions
7 from that .
8 THE COURT : Mr. Singer , I think that is probably
9 your best argument , that this ought to be handled by you in
10 your reply .
But I do want to look at the footnote .
11 MR . JACOBS : Sure .
Just for the avoidance of
12 doubt , Ms. Amadia did say had she intended to transfer ,
13 there would have been additional documents that would have
14 been required .
15 May I , Your Honor ?
16 THE COURT : Yes .
17 If you are not arguing a pure legal issue about
18 the bill of sale or something akin to it but rather the
19 intent of the parties , I believe that footnote would not
20 preclude you from doing so .
21 MR . JACOBS : Thank you , Your Honor .
22 THE COURT : Counsel , let me again remind you , it
23 would be my intent to dismiss juror 13 as the alternate .
24 MR . SINGER : We understand , Your Honor .
25 THE COURT : I am going to hold you to your one
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 6 of 76
2602
1 hour and 15 minutes .
My intent will be to instruct the jury
2 and then to have your initial presentation and closing .
3 Will that be by you , Mr. Singer , or Mr. Hatch , or
4 will you be splitting it ?
5 MR . SINGER : We will be splitting it , but I plan
6 to reserve 15 minutes for rebuttal .
7 THE COURT : Who will go first .
8 MR . SINGER : I will be going first , Mr. Hatch will
9 be taking over at about the 45 - minute mark .
10 THE COURT : All right .
11 Mr. Brennan , will you making the closing ?
12 MR . BRENNAN : Yes , I will , Your Honor .
13 THE COURT : Again , after your initial hour , then
14 we 'll take a break and come back to Mr. Brennan , and then
15 your rebuttal .
16 MR . SINGER : Would it be possible to have a few
17 minutes break after the reading of the instructions just to
18 set up ?
19 THE COURT : Certainly .
20 MR .
SINGER : One final question , given that the
21 Court has granted SCO's 50 ( a ) motion and dismissed Novell's
22 counterclaim , and that 's been raised in opening and
23 otherwise , will the Court make some mention of that ?
24 THE COURT : There is a specific jury instruction
25 that will state , and I 'll read it to you , if you 've not seen
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 7 of 76
2603
1 it , the claim of Novell that SCO slandered Novell 's title is
2 no longer before you and will not be decided by you .
Do not
3 concern yourselves with this development and do not
4 speculate about it .
5 MR . SINGER : Thank you .
6 THE COURT : Counsel , let me remind you that the
7 Court will expect proposed findings of facts and conclusions
8 of law as to those issues reserved for the Court on the 16th
9 of April , which is 20 days plus .
Okay .
10 All right .
Is there anything else before we bring
11 the jury in ?
12 MR . BRENNAN : Not from Novell , Your Honor .
13 MR . SINGER : Not from SCO .
14 THE COURT : Ms. Malley .
15 ( Jury present )
16 THE COURT : Good morning , ladies and gentlemen .
17 Let me begin by reassuring you that a copy of the
18 instructions that I 'm about to read to you will go with you
19 into the jury room , so I do not expect you to memorize this
20 as I go through it .
All right .
21 Members of the jury , now that you have heard the
22 evidence , it becomes my duty to give you the instructions of
23 the Court as to the law applicable to this case .
24 It is your duty as jurors to follow the law as
25 stated in the instructions of the Court , and to apply the
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 8 of 76
2604
1 rules of law to the facts as you find them from the evidence
2 in the case .
3 You are not to single out one instruction alone as
4 stating the law , but must consider the instructions as a
5 whole .
6 Neither are you to be concerned with the wisdom of
7 any rule of law stated by the Court .
Regardless of any
8 opinion you may have as to what the law ought to be , it
9 would be a violation of your sworn duty to base a verdict
10 upon any other view of the law than that given in the
11 instructions of the Court ; just as it would be a violation
12 of your sworn duty , as judges of the facts , to base a
13 verdict upon anything but the evidence of the case .
14 You are to disregard any evidence offered at trial
15 and rejected by the Court .
You are not to consider
16 questions of counsel as evidence .
You are not to consider
17 the opening statements and the arguments of counsel as
18 evidence .
Their purpose is merely to assist you in
19 analyzing and considering the evidence presented at trial .
20 The Court did not by any words uttered during the
21 trial or in these instructions give or intimate , or wish to
22 be understood by you as giving or intimating , any opinions
23 as to what has or has not been proven in the case or as to
24 what are or are not the facts of the case .
25 The claim of Novell that SCO slandered Novell's
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 9 of 76
2605
1 title is no longer before you and will not be decided by
2 you .
Do not concern yourselves with this development and do
3 not speculate about it .
4 SCO has the burden of proving its claim by a
5 preponderance of the evidence .
6 To prove by a preponderance of the evidence means
7 to prove something is more likely so than not so .
It does
8 not mean the greater number of witnesses or exhibits .
It
9 means the evidence that has the more convincing force when
10 taken on a whole compared to the evidence opposed to it .
It
11 means the evidence that leads you the jury to find that the
12 existence of the disputed fact is more likely true than not
13 true .
14 Any finding of fact you make must be based on
15 probabilities , not possibilities .
A finding of fact must
16 not be based on speculation or conjecture .
17 When I say in these instructions that the party
18 has the burden of proof on any proposition or use the
19 expression if you find or if you determine , I mean that you
20 must be persuaded , considering all the evidence in the case ,
21 that the proposition is more probably true than not true .
22 In determining whether any disputed fact has been
23 proven by a preponderance of the evidence you may , unless
24 otherwise instructed , consider the testimony of all
25 witnesses , regardless of who may have called them , and all
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 10 of 76
2606
1 exhibits .
2 If a party fails to meet this burden of proof , or
3 if the evidence weighs so evenly that you are unable to say
4 that there is a preponderance on either side , you must
5 resolve the question against the party who has the burden of
6 proof on that issue and in favor of the opposing party .
7 In this particular civil case , one of the elements
8 of the claim made by SCO , the showing of constitutional
9 malice , has a different burden of proof called clear and
10 convincing evidence .
That means that SCO has a higher
11 burden than preponderance of the evidence , but it does not
12 require proof beyond a reasonable doubt .
Clear and
13 convincing evidence is evidence that shows it is highly
14 probable that what is claimed is true .
It is evidence that
15 produces in your mind a firm belief as to the fact at issue .
16 For such evidence to be clear and convincing , it must at
17 least have reached a point where there remains no
18 substantial doubt as to the truth or correctness of the
19 claim based upon the evidence .
20 You have been chosen and sworn as jurors in this
21 case to try the issues of fact presented by the allegations
22 of the complaint of SCO , and the answer thereto of Novell .
23 You are to perform this duty without bias or prejudice as to
24 any party .
Our system of law does not permit jurors to be
25 governed by sympathy , prejudice , or public opinion .
Both
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 11 of 76
2607
1 the parties and the public expect that you will carefully
2 and impartially consider all the evidence in the case ,
3 follow the law stated by the Court , and reach a just
4 verdict , regardless of the consequences .
5 During the trial I have permitted you to take
6 notes .
Many courts do not permit note - taking by jurors .
7 And as instructed at the beginning of trial , a word of
8 caution is in order .
There is always a tendency to attach
9 undue importance to matters which one has written down .
10 Some testimony which is considered unimportant at the time
11 presented , and thus not written down , takes on greater
12 importance later in the trial in light of all the evidence
13 presented .
Therefore , you are instructed that your notes
14 are only a tool to aid your own individual memory and you
15 should not compare your notes with other jurors in
16 determining the content of any testimony or in evaluating
17 the importance of any evidence .
Your notes are not
18 evidence , and are by no means a complete outline of the
19 proceeding or list of the highlights of the trial .
Above
20 all , your memory should be your greatest asset when it comes
21 to deliberating and rendering a decision in this case .
22 Both SCO and Novell are corporations and , as such ,
23 can act only through their officers and employees , and
24 others designated by them as their agents .
25 Any act or omission of any officer , employee or
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 12 of 76
2608
1 agent of a corporation , in the performance of the duties or
2 within the scope of the authority of the officer , employee
3 or agent , is the act or omission of the corporation .
4 Unless you are otherwise instructed , the evidence
5 in this case consists of the sworn testimony of the
6 witnesses , regardless of who may have called them ; and all
7 exhibits received in evidence , regardless of who may have
8 produced them ; and all facts which may have been admitted or
9 stipulated ; and all facts and events which may have been
10 judicially noticed .
11 Any evidence as to which an objection was
12 sustained by the Court , and any evidence ordered stricken by
13 the Court , must be entirely disregarded .
14 Unless you are otherwise instructed , anything you
15 may have seen or heard outside of the courtroom is not
16 evidence and must be entirely disregarded .
17 There are , generally speaking , two types of
18 evidence from which a jury may properly find the truth as to
19 the facts of a case .
One is direct evidence , such as the
20 testimony of an eyewitness .
The other is indirect or
21 circumstantial evidence , the proof of a chain of
22 circumstances pointing to the existence or nonexistence of
23 certain facts .
24 As a general rule , the law makes no distinction
25 between direct and circumstantial evidence , but simply
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 13 of 76
2609
1 requires that the jury find the facts in accordance with the
2 burden of proof in the case , both direct and circumstantial .
3 You , as jurors , are the sole judges of the
4 credibility of witnesses and the weight their testimony
5 deserves .
You may be guided by the appearance and conduct
6 of the witnesses , or by the manner in which the witness
7 testifies , or by the character of the testimony given , or by
8 evidence to the contrary of the testimony given .
9 You should carefully scrutinize all the testimony
10 given , the circumstances under which each witness has
11 testified , and every matter in evidence which tends to show
12 whether a witness is worthy of belief .
Consider each
13 witness 's intelligence , motive and state of mind , and
14 demeanor and manner while on the stand .
Consider the
15 witness 's ability to observe matters as to which he or she
16 has testified , and whether he or she impresses you as having
17 an accurate recollection of these matters .
Consider also
18 any relation each witness may bear to either side of the
19 case ; the manner in which each witness might be affected by
20 the verdict ; and the extent to which , if at all , each
21 witness is either supported or contradicted by other
22 evidence in the case .
23 Inconsistencies or discrepancies in the testimony
24 of a witness , or between the testimony of different
25 witnesses , may or may not cause you to discredit such
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 14 of 76
2610
1 testimony .
Two or more persons witnessing an incident or a
2 transaction may simply see or hear it differently and
3 innocent misrecollection , like failure of recollection , is
4 not an uncommon experience .
In weighing the effect of a
5 discrepancy , always consider whether it pertains to a matter
6 of importance or an unimportant detail , and whether the
7 discrepancy results from innocent error or intentional
8 falsehood .
9 After making your own judgment , you will give the
10 testimony of each witness such weight , if any , as you may
11 think it deserves .
12 Witnesses who , by education , study and experience ,
13 have become expert in some art , science , profession or
14 calling , may state opinions as to any such matter in which
15 that witness is qualified as an expert , so long as it is
16 material and relevant to the case .
You should consider such
17 expert opinion and the reasons , if any , given for it .
You
18 are not bound by such an opinion .
Give it the weight you
19 think it deserves .
If you should decide that the opinions
20 of an expert witness are not based upon sufficient education
21 and experience , or if you should conclude that the reasons
22 given in support of the opinions are not sound , or that such
23 opinions are outweighed by other evidence , you may disregard
24 the opinion entirely .
25 In resolving any conflict that may exist in the
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 15 of 76
2611
1 testimony of experts , you may compare and weigh the opinion
2 of one against that of another .
In doing this , you may
3 consider the qualifications and credibility of each , as well
4 as the reasons for each opinion and the facts on which the
5 opinions are based .
6 In determining the weight to be given to an
7 opinion expressed by any witness who did not testify as an
8 expert witness , you should consider his or her credibility ,
9 the extent of his other her opportunity to perceive the
10 matters upon which his or her opinion is based and the
11 reasons , if any , given for it .
You are not required to
12 accept such an opinion but should give it the weight to
13 which you find it entitled .
14 During the trial of this case , certain testimony
15 has been presented to you by way of a deposition , consisting
16 of sworn recorded answers to questions asked of the witness
17 in advance of the trial by one or more of the attorneys for
18 the parties to the case .
The testimony of a witness who ,
19 for some reason , cannot be present to testify from the
20 witness stand may be presented in writing under oath or on a
21 videotape .
Such testimony is entitled the same
22 consideration , and is to be judged as to credibility , and
23 weighed , and otherwise considered by the jury , insofar as
24 possible , in the same way as if the witness had been present
25 and had testified from the witness stand .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 16 of 76
2612
1 Certain charts , graphs and illustrations have been
2 shown to you .
Those charts , graphs and illustrations are
3 used for convenience and to help explain the facts of the
4 case .
They are not themselves evidence or proof of any
5 facts .
6 You have heard evidence that there were earlier
7 rulings by this Court concerning the ownership of the UNIX
8 and the UNIX copyrights existent as of the date of the asset
9 purchase agreement .
In making these rulings , the Court did
10 not have the benefit of the evidence that you have now
11 heard .
These prior rulings have been reversed in a
12 unanimous ruling by the Court of Appeals , which is why these
13 issues are being presented to you in this trial .
You must
14 decide this case solely on the evidence presented to you in
15 this trial .
The earlier rulings should have no bearing on
16 your determination of which party owns the copyrights at
17 issue in this case .
However , the existence of these prior
18 rulings may be considered by you in your determination of
19 special damages and punitive damages , if any .
20 You heard reference to a SCO Group bankruptcy .
21 That is a reorganization proceeding which is pending in
22 another court .
SCO continues to operate its business in
23 reorganization and the existence of that proceeding should
24 have no bearing on your consideration of this case .
25 You have also heard reference to a trial involving
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 17 of 76
2613
1 SCO and Novell in 2008 .
That trial concerned other issues
2 that are not before you .
3 In this case , SCO has alleged that Novell has
4 slandered its title regarding ownership of copyrights over
5 the UNIX and UnixWare computer operating systems .
6 Slander of title requires you to find that :
7 First , there was a publication of a statement disparaging
8 SCO 's title ; second , the statement was false ; third , the
9 statement was made with constitutional malice ; and , fourth ,
10 the statement caused special damages .
I will now explain
11 these four elements in more detail .
12 The first element requires SCO to prove that
13 Novell published a statement that disparaged SCO 's title or
14 ownership of the UNIX or UnixWare copyrights existent as of
15 the date of the asset purchase agreement .
SCO alleges that
16 Novell made several slanderous statements in 2003 and 2004 .
17 The allegedly slanderous statements do not include
18 statements made in pleadings and filings made by Novell in
19 connection with this litigation , which began in January
20 2004 .
Novell may not be held liable for making such
21 statements made in pleadings and filings .
22 For the statement to have been published , it must
23 have been communicated to someone other than SCO .
24 A statement is not slanderous if the context makes
25 clear that the speaker is expressing a subjective view or an
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 18 of 76
2614
1 interpretation or theory , rather than an objectively
2 verifiable fact .
You may determine , however , that the
3 speaker intended to convey a statement of fact even if the
4 speaker has couched its statements in the form of an opinion
5 or belief .
6 In deciding whether a publication disparaged SCO's
7 title , you should not view individual words or sentences in
8 isolation .
Rather , each statement must be considered in the
9 context in which it was made , giving the words their most
10 common and accepted meaning .
You should also consider the
11 surrounding circumstances of the statement and how the
12 intended audience would have understood the statement in
13 view of those circumstances .
14 The second element of a claim for slander of title
15 is falsity of the statement that disparages title .
False
16 means that the statement is either directly untrue or that
17 an untrue inference can be drawn from the statement .
You
18 are to determine the truth or falsity of the statement
19 according to the facts as they existed at the time the
20 statement was made .
21 The statement , to be true , need not be absolutely ,
22 totally , or literally true , but must be substantially true .
23 A statement is considered to be true if it is substantially
24 true or the gist of the statement is true .
25 In order to determine whether the statements at
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 19 of 76
2615
1 issue were true or false , you must determine which party
2 owned the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights , existent as of the
3 date of the asset purchase agreement , at the time the
4 statements were made .
5 To determine which party owned the UNIX and
6 UnixWare copyrights , existent as of the date of the asset
7 purchase agreement , you should consider the asset purchase
8 agreement and the amendments thereto .
I will now provide
9 you instructions on how you should interpret these
10 agreements .
11 Several contracts relating to the same matters ,
12 between the same parties , and made as parts of substantially
13 one transaction , are to be taken together .
The contracts
14 need not have been executed on the same day to be parts of
15 substantially one transaction .
16 Where contracts are made at different times , but
17 where the later contract is not intended to entirely
18 supersede the first , but only modify it in certain
19 particulars , the two are to be construed as parts of one
20 contract , the later superseding the earlier one where it is
21 inconsistent with the earlier .
22 Here , the amendments , including Amendment No. 2 ,
23 must be considered together with the asset purchase
24 agreement as a single document .
The language of the
25 amendments , including Amendment No. 2 , controls whenever its
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 20 of 76
2616
1 language contradicts the asset purchase agreement .
2 In deciding what the terms of a contract mean , you
3 must decide what the parties intended at the time the
4 contract was created .
You may consider the usual and
5 ordinary meaning of the language used in the contract as
6 well as the circumstances surrounding the making of the
7 contract .
8 With respect to your consideration of the
9 agreements at issue here , where contract terms are clear ,
10 they should be given their plain and ordinary meanings .
11 In deciding what the words of a contract meant to
12 the parties , you should consider the whole contract , not
13 just isolated parts .
You should use each part to help you
14 interpret the others , so that all the parts makes sense when
15 taken together .
16 You should assume that the parties intended the
17 words in their contract to have their usual and ordinary
18 meaning unless you decide that the parties intended the
19 words to have a special meaning .
20 With respect to who owns the copyrights at issue ,
21 you may consider what is called the extrinsic evidence of
22 the intent of the parties to the amended asset purchase
23 agreement .
Extrinsic evidence is the evidence of what
24 parties to a contract intended apart from the language they
25 used in the contract .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 21 of 76
2617
1 One type of extrinsic evidence is testimony or
2 documents showing what the people who were negotiating the
3 contract said or did or understood at the time of the
4 transaction .
5 Another type of extrinsic evidence is called the
6 parties course of performance .
Course of performance is how
7 the parties interpreted and applied the terms of the
8 contract after the contract was created but before any
9 disagreement between the parties arose .
10 In determining which party owns the property at
11 issue , and your consideration of the amended asset purchase
12 agreement , you may consider the nature of a copyright .
13 Copyright is the exclusive right to copy .
The
14 owner of a copyright has the exclusive right to do and to
15 authorize the following : One , to reproduce the copyrighted
16 work in copies ; two , to prepare derivative works based upon
17 the copyrighted work ; three , to distribute copies of the
18 copyrighted work to the public by sale or other transfer of
19 ownership , or by rental , lease or lending .
20 The term owner includes the author of the work , an
21 assignee , or an exclusive licensee .
In general , copyright
22 law protects against production , adaptation , distribution ,
23 performance , or display of substantially similar copies of
24 the owner 's copyrighted work without the owner 's permission .
25 A copyright owner may enforce these rights to
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 22 of 76
2618
1 exclude others in an action for copyright infringement .
2 Even though one may acquire a copy of a copyrighted work ,
3 the copyright owner retains rights and control of that copy ,
4 including uses that may result in additional copies or
5 alterations of the work .
6 Possession of certificates of copyright
7 registrations is immaterial to ownership of the copyrights ,
8 but may be considered for other purposes , such as the intent
9 of the parties .
10 A copyright owner may transfer , sell , or convey to
11 another person all or part of the copyright owner 's property
12 interest in the copyright .
A property interest in a
13 copyright includes the right to exclude others from
14 reproducing , preparing a derivative work , distributing ,
15 performing , displaying , or using the copyrighted work .
16 To be valid , the transfer , sell , or conveyance
17 must be in writing .
The person to whom a right is
18 transferred is called the assignee .
The assignee may
19 enforce this right to exclude others in an action for a
20 copyright infringement .
21 The copyright owner may also transfer , sell , or
22 convey to another person any of the exclusive rights
23 included in the copyright .
To be valid , the transfer , sell ,
24 or conveyance must be in writing .
The person to whom this
25 right is transferred is called an exclusive licensee .
An
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 23 of 76
2619
1 exclusive licensee has the right to exclude others from
2 copying the work to the extent of the rights granted in the
3 license and may bring an action for damages for copyright
4 infringement .
5 Nonexclusive licenses , on the other hand , do not
6 transfer copyright ownership and can be granted orally or
7 implied from conduct .
An implied license can only be
8 nonexclusive .
A nonexclusive licensee cannot bring suit to
9 enforce a copyright .
10 An implied nonexclusive license may arise when ,
11 one , a person , the licensee , requests the creation of the
12 work , two , the creator , the licensor , makes the particular
13 work and delivers it to the licensee who requested it , and ,
14 three , the licensor intends that the licensee - requestor copy
15 or distribute his work .
16 The third element of slander of title requires SCO
17 to prove by clear and convincing evidence that Novell's
18 statement disparaging the ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare
19 copyrights , existent as of the date of the asset purchase
20 agreement , was made with constitutional malice .
That is ,
21 SCO must prove that the statement was published with : One ,
22 knowledge that it was false ; or , two , reckless disregard of
23 whether it was true or false , which means that Novell made
24 the statement with a high degree of awareness of the
25 probable falsity of the statement , or that , at the time the
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 24 of 76
2620
1 statement was transmitted Novell had serious doubts that the
2 statement was true .
Clear and convincing evidence leaves no
3 substantial doubt in your mind that the constitutional
4 malice is highly probable , as previously explained in
5 Instruction No. 13 .
6 In determining whether Novell published the
7 statement knowing the statement to be false or with reckless
8 disregard for the truth , you should take into account all
9 the facts and circumstances .
You should consider whether
10 the statement was fabricated or the product of the party 's
11 imagination .
You may also consider whether the party knew
12 about the source of the information and whether there were
13 reasons for the party to doubt the informant 's veracity ,
14 whether the information was inherently improbable , or if
15 there were other reasons for the party to doubt the accuracy
16 of the information .
17 In determining whether there was knowing falsehood
18 or reckless disregard for the truth , however , it is not
19 enough for you to find that the party acted negligently ,
20 carelessly , sloppily or did not exercise good judgment in
21 researching , writing , editing , or publishing the statement .
22 An extreme departure from the standards of investigating and
23 reporting ordinarily adhered to by responsible publishers
24 does not , standing alone , constitute knowledge of falsity or
25 reckless disregard for the truth .
The reliance on one
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 25 of 76
2621
1 source standing alone does not constitute knowing falsehood
2 or reckless disregard for the truth , even if other sources
3 would be readily available , and even if , in applying
4 reasonable reporting of care , you believe those other
5 sources should have been contacted .
6 Spite , ill will , hatred , bad faith , evil purpose
7 or intent to harm does not alone support a finding of
8 constitutional malice .
9 The mere fact that a mistake may occur is not
10 evidence of knowing falsehood or reckless disregard for the
11 truth .
Reckless disregard for the truth or falsity requires
12 a finding that the person making the statement had a high
13 degree of awareness that the statement was probably false ,
14 but went ahead and published the statement anyway .
The test
15 is not whether the person acted as a responsible publisher
16 under the circumstances .
While exceptional caution and
17 skill are to be admired and encouraged , the law does not
18 demand them as a standard of conduct in this matter .
19 Unless you find by clear and convincing evidence ,
20 under all the circumstances , that Novell acted knowing the
21 statement to be false or with a high degree of awareness of
22 its probable falsity , there can be no liability .
23 The final element of a claim for slander of title
24 requires a showing that the statement disparaging SCO's
25 ownership of the UNIX of UnixWare copyrights , existent as of
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 26 of 76
2622
1 the date of the asset purchase agreement , caused special
2 damages to SCO .
3 This requires SCO to establish an economic loss
4 that has been realized or liquidated , as in the case of lost
5 sales .
Special damages are ordinarily proved in a slander
6 of title action by evidence of a lost sale or the loss of
7 some other economic advantage .
Absent a specific monetary
8 loss flowing from a slander affecting the salability or use
9 of the property , there is no damage .
It is not sufficient
10 to show that the property 's value has dropped on the market ,
11 as this is not a realized or liquidated loss .
The law does
12 not presume special damages .
13 Special damages in the form of lost sales may be
14 shown in two ways : A , proof of the conduct of specific
15 persons or , b , proof that the loss has resulted from the
16 conduct of a number of persons whom it is impossible to
17 identify .
There is a separate test you must apply for each .
18 First , when the loss of a specific sale is relied
19 on to establish special damages , SCO must prove that the
20 publication of the disparaging statement was a substantial
21 factor influencing the specific , identified purchaser in his
22 decision not to buy .
23 In order for the disparaging statement to be a
24 substantial factor in determining the conduct of an
25 intending or potential purchaser , it is not necessary that
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 27 of 76
2623
1 the conduct should be determined exclusively or even
2 predominantly by the publication of the statement .
It is
3 enough that the disparagement is a factor in determining his
4 decision , even though he is influenced by other factors
5 without which he would not decide to act as he does .
Thus
6 many considerations may combine to make an intending
7 purchaser decide to break a contract or to withdraw or
8 refrain from making an offer .
If , however , the publication
9 of the disparaging matter is one of the considerations that
10 has substantial weight , the publication of the disparaging
11 matter is a substantial factor in preventing the sale and
12 thus bringing financial loss upon the owner of the thing in
13 question .
14 The extent of the loss caused by the prevention of
15 a sale is determined by the difference between the price
16 that would have been realized by it and the salable value of
17 the thing in question after there has been a sufficient time
18 following the frustration of the sale to permit its
19 marketing .
20 Second , in the case of a widely disseminated
21 disparaging statement , SCO need not identify a specific
22 purchaser and recovery is permitted for loss of the market .
23 This may be proved by circumstantial evidence showing that
24 the loss has in fact occurred and eliminating other causes .
25 A decline in stock price is not an appropriate
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 28 of 76
2624
1 claim for special damages .
2 You are entitled to award punitive damages if you
3 deem them to be appropriate .
4 Before any award of punitive damages can be
5 considered , SCO must prove by clear and convincing evidence
6 that Novell published a false statement knowing it was false
7 or in reckless disregard whether it was true or false , and
8 that Novell acted with hatred or ill will towards SCO , or
9 with an intent to injure SCO , or acted willfully or
10 maliciously towards SCO .
11 If you find that SCO has presented such proof , you
12 may award , if you deem it proper to do so , such sum as in
13 your judgment would be reasonable and proper as a punishment
14 to Novell for such wrongs , and as a wholesome warning to
15 others not to offend in a like manner .
If such punitive
16 damages are given , you should award them with caution and
17 you should keep in mind they are only for the purpose just
18 mentioned and are not the measure of actual damage .
19 The fact that I have instructed you on damages
20 does not mean that I am indicating that you should award
21 any .
That is entirely for you , the jury , to decide .
22 Any damages you award must have a reasonable basis
23 in the evidence .
They need not be mathematically exact , but
24 there must be enough evidence for you to make a reasonable
25 estimate of damages without speculation or guess work .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 29 of 76
2625
1 The burden is upon the party seeking damages to
2 prove the existence and amount of its damages and that its
3 damages were caused by the acts of the opposing party .
You
4 are not permitted to award speculative damages .
5 You have heard evidence concerning specifics about
6 the parties ' rights and obligations under section 4.16 of
7 the amended asset purchase agreement .
You are instructed
8 that those issues of specific rights and obligations under
9 section 4.16 are for the Court to decide and you are not to
10 concern yourself with them .
You may consider section 4.16 ,
11 as well as all other provisions , in interpreting the amended
12 asset purchase agreement .
13 It is the duty of the attorney on each side of the
14 case to object when the other side offers testimony or other
15 evidence which the attorney believes is not properly
16 admissible .
You should not show prejudice against any
17 attorney or his or her client because the attorney has made
18 an objection .
19 Upon allowing testimony or other evidence to be
20 introduced over the objection of any attorney , the Court
21 does not , unless expressly stated , indicate any opinion as
22 to the weight or effect of any such evidence .
As stated
23 before , the jurors are the sole judges of the credibility of
24 all witnesses and the weight and effect of all evidence .
25 When the Court has sustained an objection to a
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 30 of 76
2626
1 question addressed to a witness , the jury must disregard the
2 question entirely , and may draw no inference from the
3 wording of it or speculate as to what the witness would have
4 said if he or she had been permitted to answer any question .
5 During the course of the trial , I may have
6 occasionally asked questions of a witness , in order to bring
7 out facts not then fully covered in the testimony .
Do not
8 assume that I hold any opinion on the matters to which my
9 questions may have related .
10 A copy of these instructions will also accompany
11 you to the jury room .
Do not write on the instructions .
12 You will notice during are deliberations that
13 there may be gaps in the numbering of the instructions .
The
14 instruction numbers are for the convenience of the Court and
15 the parties , and you are not to be concerned by them .
16 Upon retiring to the jury room , you must select
17 one of your members to act as your foreperson .
The
18 foreperson will preside over your deliberations and will be
19 your spokesperson here in court .
20 The verdict must represent the collective judgment
21 of the jury .
In order to return a verdict , it is necessary
22 that each juror agree to it .
Your verdict must be
23 unanimous .
24 It is your duty , as jurors , to consult with one
25 another and to deliberate with a view to reaching an
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 31 of 76
2627
1 agreement if you can do so without violence to individual
2 judgment .
Each of you must decide the case for yourself ,
3 but do so only after an impartial consideration of the
4 evidence in the case with your fellow jurors .
In the course
5 of your deliberations , do not hesitate to reexamine your own
6 views and change your opinion if convinced it is erroneous .
7 But do not surrender your honest conviction as to the weight
8 or effect of evidence solely because of the opinion of your
9 fellow jurors for the mere purpose of returning a unanimous
10 verdict .
11 Remember at all times , you are not partisans .
You
12 are judges , judges of the facts .
Your sole interest is to
13 seek the truth from the evidence in the case .
14 Your verdict must be based solely upon the
15 evidence received in the case .
Nothing you have seen or
16 heard outside of court may be considered .
Nothing that I
17 have said or done during the course of this trial is
18 intended in any way to somehow suggest to you what I think
19 your verdict should be .
Nothing said in these instructions
20 and nothing in any form of verdict prepared for your
21 convenience is to suggest or convey to you in any way or
22 manner any intimation as to what verdict I think you should
23 return .
What the verdict shall be is the exclusive duty and
24 responsibility of the jury .
As I have told you many times ,
25 you are the sole judges of the facts .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 32 of 76
2628
1 The Court has prepared a verdict form for your
2 convenience .
You are instructed that your answers to the
3 interrogatories on the verdict form must be consistent with
4 the instructions I have given you and with each other .
5 When you have reached a unanimous agreement as to
6 your verdict , your foreperson will fill in , date and sign
7 the verdict form upon which you have unanimously agreed .
8 When you have reached unanimous agreement as to your
9 verdict , the foreperson shall inform the bailiff and you
10 shall return to the courtroom .
11 If it becomes necessary during your deliberations
12 to communicate with the Court , you may send a note by the
13 bailiff .
But bear in mind that you are not to reveal to the
14 Court or to any person how the jury stands , numerically or
15 otherwise , on the question before you , until after you have
16 reached a unanimous verdict or agreement .
17 The attitude and conduct of jurors at the outset
18 of their deliberations are matters of considerable
19 importance .
It is rarely productive or good for a juror ,
20 upon entering the jury room , to make an emphatic expression
21 of his or her opinion on the case or to announce a
22 determination to stand for a certain verdict .
When one does
23 that at the outset , his or her sense of pride may be
24 aroused , and he or she may hesitate to recede from an
25 announced position if shown that it is wrong .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 33 of 76
2629
1 During your deliberations , you are able as a group
2 to set your own schedule for deliberations .
You may
3 deliberate as late as you wish or recess at an appropriate
4 time set by yourselves .
You may set your own schedule for
5 lunch and dinner breaks .
6 However , I do ask that you notify the Court by a
7 note when you plan to recess for the evening .
8 You have now been instructed on the law , ladies
9 and gentlemen .
Again , a copy of the instructions , what I
10 just read to you , will accompany you to the jury room .
11 It is now time for closing statements , and we'll
12 begin with SCO .
And because SCO is the plaintiff in the
13 case and , as I just instructed you , has certain burdens to
14 carry by way of the weight of evidence and such , the
15 plaintiffs have the opportunity to go both first and last in
16 their closing statements , meaning that SCO will go ahead now
17 with part of its closing .
We 'll then hear from Novell , and
18 then SCO will be given the last word .
19 Mr. Singer , if you would like to proceed .
20 MR .
SINGER : Thank you , Your Honor .
21 Ladies and gentlemen , it 's been a long three weeks
22 and we appreciate your close attention to this case .
I know
23 it 's not been the most exciting case at times , but I assure
24 you it 's a very important case .
It 's very important to SCO ,
25 it very important to individuals like Bill Broderick , John
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 34 of 76
2630
1 Maciaszek , and Andy Nagle , men who have been with the
2 company for 20 years , going all the way back to AT&T , and
3 they are still there at SCO turning out UnixWare , providing
4 products for companies all over the country and the world ,
5 and trying in a difficult situation to have the company
6 proceed .
7 These individuals and the customers , and some of
8 these have been long time or current customers , McDonald's ,
9 NASDAQ , BMW , that business depends on the copyrights ,
10 depends on having ownership of intellectual property that is
11 at the heart of their business .
12 You are going to be asked in this case two basic
13 important questions .
It will be your responsibility to
14 decide , first , to declare that the UNIX , UnixWare copyrights
15 that existed back at the time of this transaction went with
16 the rest of the business , except for this royalty stream ,
17 and belonged to SCO .
That is very important and critical on
18 its own .
And , second , you will be asked to determine , if
19 you agree with us , that there 's been a slander on SCO's
20 title , to determine that and award a reasonable amount of
21 damages to compensate SCO in connection with that slander .
22 Now as the Court has instructed you , you are the
23 judges of the facts and , in doing so , you must determine
24 credibility .
And credibility is , in part , a question of the
25 consistency of witnesses with one another .
And I would like
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 35 of 76
2631
1 to give you an example of one of the things you can look at .
2 You 'll recall Mr. Stone when he was testifying
3 here about whether or not when they waived rights of SCO
4 that benefited IMB , whether that was done unilaterally or
5 whether it was done at IBM 's request .
Mr. Stone answered
6 no , it was n't at IBM 's request .
We acted on our own .
No
7 input from IBM at all .
8 Then a few days later you heard from Mr. LaSala ,
9 the former general counsel of Novell who admitted on the
10 stand that , in fact , Mr. Marriot , a lawyer for IBM ,
11 specifically asked Novell to assert those rights to waive
12 SCO 's claims ; in fact , said it was urgent .
You also learned
13 that even internally , with Mr. LaSala 's testimony , there was
14 an inconsistency because when he was first asked about that
15 in February 2007 , he denied it .
Only later in May , when we
16 pursued the issue , he admitted it .
That 's credibility .
17 That 's an issue you can consider in determining who to
18 believe in this case .
19 Another example , Mr. Stone again , on a basic
20 point .
This is not something people can be confused about .
21 Were you asked to leave the company .
Yes , I was .
I asked
22 Mr. Messman the same question , was Mr. Stone asked to leave
23 Novell .
Answer , no .
Someone is not telling the truth .
24 Now the questions that you will need to answer in
25 this case will be set out in the verdict form that you will
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 36 of 76
2632
1 receive along with a copy of the instructions and the
2 evidence , and the very first question will be did the
3 amended asset purchase agreement transfer to UNIX and
4 UnixWare copyrights from Novell to SCO .
I would like to
5 address that question at the outset .
6 Amendment No. 2 , we submit , is the key to
7 answering that question .
Amendment No. 2 replaced the
8 language that was inconsistent with what was the intent of
9 the transaction , the intent of the parties who put this deal
10 together that those copyrights would be transferred with the
11 UNIX and the UnixWare business .
Amendment 2 replaces the
12 old language , which is gone , and that is the operative
13 language .
14 Now Judge Stewart read you an important
15 instruction that makes that clear , which is the instruction
16 I have on the screen , and it makes clear that it is the
17 language of the amendments , including Amendment No. 2 ,
18 controls wherever its language contradicts the asset
19 purchase agreement .
20 Of course you knew that from the face of it , that
21 it says it replaces the old language .
It took out this
22 copyright exclusion and put in language that , we submit to
23 you , is consistent with what the parties intended , that the
24 copyrights required for the business were now part of what
25 were the included assets .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 37 of 76
2633
1 Now you might remember about three weeks ago
2 Novell 's counsel telling you that it was important to listen
3 for the rest of the story .
I think he invoked Paul Harvey .
4 I was thinking about that statement all during the first
5 week of this trial , and I was doing that because it seemed
6 that all during that week Novell was focused on this
7 language in the schedule of excluded assets , excluding
8 copyrights , when the rest of the story was that language
9 did n't exist anymore .
That language was replaced by
10 Amendment No. 2 . So the language that they have spent more
11 hours in this trial on than anything else is simply not in
12 the agreement and has n't been in there since 1996 .
That 's
13 really the rest of the story on this because under the plain
14 language of the asset purchase agreement with Amendment 2 ,
15 it is very clear that the assets , the copyrights
16 transferred .
17 You have a schedule of included assets , which
18 you 've seen many times and you will be able to look at when
19 you deliberate , it says , all rights and ownership of UNIX
20 and UnixWare on all these products , including the UnixWare
21 products , and you have n't heard any evidence there are any
22 products on there that -- products missing from that list .
23 This includes what we 're talking about , that all rights and
24 ownership of UNIX and UnixWare are transferred .
25 And then you had the old language that excluded
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 38 of 76
2634
1 copyrights and trademarks .
Now you have the current
2 language replaced by Amendment 2 which says that Novell gets
3 to keep copyrights , except for the copyrights and trademarks
4 owned by Novell as of the date of the agreement required for
5 SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition
6 of UNIX and UnixWare technologies .
That really is the heart
7 of this case .
With Amendment No. 2 , it is clear that those
8 copyrights were transferred .
9 Now I would submit to you that Novell has admitted
10 the fact that SCO , in light of Amendment No. 2 , owns those
11 copyrights , and they did that on two occasions .
The first
12 occasion that that was admitted goes back to June 6th of
13 2003 when Novell issued the press release , when they -- of
14 course , you 've heard about Amendment No. 2 when they said
15 they did n't have it and it turns out they did have it .
They
16 did n't know it was signed .
They claimed they had a signed
17 copy in the files .
But the important point here on
18 copyright ownership is their recognition that it appears to
19 support SCO 's claim that ownership for certain copyrights of
20 UNIX did transfer to SCO in 1996 .
So that 's the first time .
21 The second time that that was admitted was in
22 front of you a few days ago on March 23rd , and that was when
23 Allison Amadia admitted -- and certainly she started out in
24 her testimony being adverse to SCO and in favor of Novell .
25 Then under Mr. Normand 's cross-examination , listen to what
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 39 of 76
2635
1 she said .
She was asked , now you agree that under the plain
2 language of Amendment 2 Novell has included in the transfer
3 of assets the copyrights required for SCO to exercise its
4 rights in UNIX and UnixWare .
Her answer was , the way I
5 wrote and intended Amendment No. 2 to be read is that this
6 language was saying that whatever copyright rights Santa
7 Cruz needed in order to exercise the rights it was given ,
8 then they would have those rights .
9 Then a little bit later near the end of her
10 cross-examination she was asked , so if there are copyrights
11 that are required for SCO to exercise its rights , like the
12 UNIX and UnixWare trademarks , they were transferred ,
13 correct .
Her answer was yes .
14 Now there is no real dispute , ladies and
15 gentlemen , that the copyrights are required for the UNIX and
16 UnixWare business .
You have heard a lot of evidence on
17 that .
It has included Bob Frankenberg , the Novell president
18 and CEO , who said it was ludicrous to think about selling
19 software without selling the copyrights .
20 Doug Michels , the SCO founder and vice president ,
21 equated it to breathing oxygen , that it 's so essential .
22 There is no way this deal would have happened without
23 getting the copyrights .
24 Jim Wilt , who was the lead negotiator for Santa
25 Cruz , says that , you know , when you walk out the door , I
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 40 of 76
2636
1 assume your head goes with you .
That 's how he equated it .
2 And , of course , the copyrights have to go with the company .
3 Steve Sabbath was asked , if you did n't own the
4 copyrights , how could you go after somebody that 's pirating
5 your software , how could you enforce your rights to the
6 technology .
7 Bill Broderick said , if we could n't protect our
8 software , we'd be out of business .
This is how you protect
9 your software .
10 Now with Amendment No. 2 , the APA makes sense .
11 Without it , the agreement does n't make sense .
The software
12 business without the copyrights , well , I would suggest to
13 you that 's like a car without an engine , or maybe a house
14 without a roof , or maybe even suggest that it's an ice cream
15 sundae where you only get the cherry and not the ice cream ,
16 as Mr. Braham suggested a couple days ago .
It does n't make
17 any sense .
18 Now with Amendment No. 2 all of the things fit
19 together and makes sense , beginning with the very recital at
20 the beginning of the document that says that this is the
21 sale of a business , the UNIX and UnixWare business , the
22 support of those products , all of that is what it being
23 sold .
It is the intent that all of the business relating to
24 that be transferred .
So it 's consistent with the overall
25 intent of the deal .
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 41 of 76
2637
1 There 's been some discussion about the
2 consideration received .
I suggest to you that it makes
3 sense because of the amount of money which Novell received .
4 Back in the opening you might remember seeing this slide
5 from Novell , the first one on the left - hand side , where it
6 suggests the purchase price was just the stock .
The stock
7 itself was worth a lot of money , 40 , $ 50 million .
You
8 would n't even receive that if you were n't transferring the
9 copyrights .
But if you look at the entirety of that section
10 of the asset purchase agreement , you see that there was
11 another part to the payments which included the royalty
12 stream that would occur in the future , both from the
13 existing UNIX products and the UnixWare products .
14 If you look at Mr. Bradford 's memo to the board
15 right before Novell approved this transaction , he identified
16 those four royalty streams , which turn into a lot of money .
17 The stock is worth about 40 , $ 50 million , $ 50 million a year
18 in the UNIX royalties , the estimated present value of
19 $ 60 million or so in the UnixWare royalties .
So this was a
20 sale of a business .
This was n't simply serving as an agent ,
21 as Mr. Braham suggested , to collect for someone else .
22 For instance , you 've got here all the title to the
23 UNIX licenses .
If you have a real estate agent handle your
24 house , you do n't give them title to sell it .
I do n't know
25 of any real estate agents who would pay me something like
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 42 of 76
2638
1 $ 100 million to handle a transaction .
This agency was very
2 limited to the collection of royalties that Novell was going
3 to keep , and the rest of this was the sale of a business .
4 Now Amendment 2 also is needed to make sense of
5 something you 've heard me refer to and my colleagues refer
6 to throughout the trial , the license back provision , and
7 that 's because -- and Novell has never been able to explain
8 this , it makes no sense for Novell to have kept the
9 copyrights and then the license back right to use them .
If
10 they kept them , they would n't need the license back .
That
11 is clear evidence that this was intended to be a sale of the
12 copyrights .
13 The license back of assets appears right in the
14 asset purchase agreement in section 1.6 .
Now Novell tries
15 to say , well , it only applied to the new products , so that 's
16 why you had the license back .
But the plain language of the
17 license back says , all of the technology included in the
18 assets , which means they are getting a license back to the
19 assets being sold .
They would n't need a license to use that
20 if it was n't for the fact they were selling the copyrights .
21 And , in fact , if you look at the technology
22 license agreement , it says specifically , as between Novell
23 and SCO , ownership of licensed technology shall reside in
24 SCO .
We think that makes it very clear , and you have heard
25 a lot of witnesses say when I asked them or Mr. Normand
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 43 of 76
2639
1 asked them that does it make any sense to have a license
2 back if you retained the copyrights , and everyone agreed
3 with that .
4 Now Amendment 2 -- with Amendment 2 , the agreement
5 also makes sense in light of -- let 's see , there we are .
6 With Amendment 2 , the agreement also makes sense in light of
7 the testimony of the witnesses that you 've heard .
Now I
8 told you a few weeks ago in the opening , pointing to this
9 chart , that you would hear from ten witnesses drawn from
10 both the Santa Cruz and the Novell side of the transaction
11 who would agree that it was intended that the copyrights
12 were sold .
All ten of those witnesses , either through video
13 deposition or through live testimony here , have so
14 testified .
15 I would like to start with the Santa Cruz side
16 because there 's been a lot of attention here paid to what
17 Novell intended and what was going on at Novell 's board
18 meeting .
That 's really not the issue before you .
The issue
19 before you is what the two parties to a contract intended .
20 So you have to look at both parties ' intent and how they
21 expressed that to each other .
And there is no confusion at
22 all on the Santa Cruz side there .
All of these executives
23 and negotiators testified consistently that this deal
24 required the transfer of the copyrights .
25 You remember Doug Michels .
I think that was
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 44 of 76
2640
1 pretty memorable videotaped testimony , was n't it ?
He was
2 perplexed that anyone could even raise the issue .
3 Copyrights are like breathing oxygen .
I 'm going to read you
4 a little bit of his testimony .
He says , I guarantee you , we
5 put copyright notices in every document we wrote .
How could
6 we do that if we did n't own the copyrights ?
We put
7 copyright notices in every module of source code we wrote .
8 They all said we own the copyrights .
We own the
9 intellectual property , and every action we took represents
10 that .
I do n't do a very good imitation of him .
11 THE COURT : Mr. Singer , remember , if you read too
12 fast , the court reporter will have difficulty .
13 MR . SINGER : I will try to read slower as well .
14 Michels also said , we took over the business .
We
15 were in the business of selling intellectual property .
We
16 were in the business of supporting the intellectual
17 property .
We were in the business of providing marketing
18 materials .
We could n't do any of that without owning the
19 copyrights .
20 He was asked if any attorney from Santa Cruz ever
21 told him that Novell was asking for -- that he had to go to
22 Novell and ask them for the copyrights .
He said , I think I
23 would have laughed them out my office .
24 Now you recall that you also heard testimony from
25 Steve Sabbath who said , when we bought the UNIX business
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 45 of 76
2641
1 from Novell , all copyrights came with the product and
2 Amendment No. 2 was meant to confirm that , and he testified
3 to that .
4 In addition , you had Kimberlee Madsen .
Ms. Madsen
5 has no interest in this litigation .
She works for Apple .
6 She came here and testified clearly to you that the
7 copyrights were going with the assets .
She was asked , do
8 you have a view , as you sit here , as to whether the parties
9 intended that the copyrights would be retained by Novell .
10 Answer , no .
The intent was clearly to be that the
11 copyrights for the UNIX and UnixWare were to be transferred
12 to The Santa Cruz Operation .
13 And you heard Mr. Mohan , Mr. Wilt also .
So there
14 is no question on the Santa Cruz side of the equation that
15 everyone agrees that the copyrights were part of the deal .
16 Now in a typical case you would expect to see the
17 Santa Cruz executives and attorneys saying one thing and the
18 Novell executives and lawyers saying something completely
19 different .
The incredible thing about this case is that you
20 have numerous senior executives and lawyers who were with
21 Novell at the time who agree with Santa Cruz , who agree that
22 the copyrights were intended to be sold .
23 Now you have heard from Robert Frankenberg , the
24 chief executive officer at the time , on the first day and
25 again on the last day of testimony .
I think he 's probably
Case 2:04 - cv-00139 - TS
Document 869 Filed 04/19/10 Page 46 of 76
2642
1 the most important witness in this trial .
Ladies and
2 gentlemen , in the future , when I think of a stand - up guy ,
3 I 'm going to be thinking of Bob Frankenberg .
He has no
4 financial or other interest in this .
A lot of CEOs would
5 simply duck something like this and say they do n't remember ,
6 it's a long time ago .
He did n't do that .
He has given you
7 forthright testimony , both on the first day of trial and
8 yesterday , that this was a deal to sell the copyrights along
9 with the rest of the business .
10 He acknowledged that he missed that line item in
11 one part -- one word in a [ Reply to This | # ]
( Natural News ) Hundreds of kangaroos have been euthanized due to acute fluoride poisoning in the Australian state of Victoria , the country 's Environment Protection Authority ( EPA ) has announced .
The poisonings appear to be occurring due to emissions of fluoride from the Alcoa aluminum smelter at Portland and the Austral Bricks factory at Craigieburn , the state 's first and second biggest emitters of fluoride dust , respectively .
According to Bruce Dawson of the EPA , the toxic chemical is being absorbed by nearby plants that kangaroos and other animals forage on .
The animals may also be breathing in the chemical directly .
The levels of fluoride being emitted by Alcoa and Austral are fully legal under Australian law .
The smelter emits 120 tons of the dust per year , while the factory emits 66 tons .
Fluoride can produce discoloration and deformity of teeth and bones , a problem known as " fluorosis " that has been well documented in cattle and humans .
According to the , more than 200 kangaroos in Victoria have been euthanized after suffering from lameness caused by fluorosis .
The EPA was first alerted to the problem in 2005 , although wildlife workers had noticed lameness in kangaroos in the area as early as 2001 .
According to Jenny Charles of Melbourne University , 90 percent of 130 kangaroos living near the Alcoa smelter showed signs of dental fluorosis , and 25 percent had visible lumps in their legs or arms .
Forty - eight of 49 kangaroos autopsied after being culled from the smelter area in a single day were suffering from excessive bone growth and lesions on their ankles , calves and paws .
'' They were in real pain , '' said wildlife shelter operator Manfred Zabinskas , recounting his horror at seeing so many sick kangaroos
Although the kangaroos at the brick factory site had lower levels of fluoride in their bodies , their fluorosis symptoms were even worse than those seen near the smelter .
Sources for this story include : www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/02/23/28276...
The Oregon Tea Party suffered the wrath of Anonymous after it was discovered using the group 's famous " We Are Legion " slogan in official materials and merchandise .
Chances are that if you 're reading this , you have at least a passing familiarity with Anonymous .
For those who do n't , it 's a sort of internet meme / subculture type of thing , strongly associated with 4 chan , that commits acts both online and and in the real world , sometimes good , sometimes bad and always " for the lulz . "
I do n't really get it myself , to be quite honest , but I do know enough to stay out of its way .
The same can't be said for the Oregon Tea Party , however .
For reasons unknown , although probably because it sounds cool and ominous , the conservative political protest group began using the slogan , " We are Anonymous .
We are Legion .
We do not forgive .
We do not forget .
Expect us . "
According to the Daily Kos , the slogan first appeared on a sign at at Tea Party rally and before long it turned up on official Oregon Tea Party bumper stickers .
Yesterday , thanks to a Reddit user whose parents belong to the group , the Tea Party 's use of the slogan was revealed to the world at large .
From that point it was only a matter of time until 4 Chan itself found out and soon , as the saying goes , the internet was there .
The Oregon Tea Party Facebook page was quickly subjected to an onslaught of image macros , desus , flames and herp derps , along with at least one message explaining why it was being smacked around .
Within a couple of hours , the Tea Party had run up the white flag with a message reading , " Anonymous :
We appreciate your resources and admire your tactics .
You have taught us more than you know .
As requested , we are no longer using the ' anonymous ' quote . "
The Oregon Tea Party 's Facebook page is now gone completely and its Ning page , where the use of the quote was confirmed as legitimate , has been limited to members - only access .
The campaign was clearly a win and entertaining as always , but does anyone else find it disturbing that the Tea Party , which bills itself as a legitimate voice of conservative political dissent in the United States , " admires " the tactics of Anonymous ?
via : Twitter
By Captain Pyke | July 24 , 2010 - 10:11 pm
With the flurry of Star Trek XII production start date rumors ( now it looks like later than January 2011 ) , Zachary Quinto confesses that he " Ca n't Wait To Get Back " to work on our favorite franchise .
In an interview with MTV News , Quinto talked about the possibility of January 2011 start date " I know there are sort of erroneous reports that we 're going back in January — not true , as far as I know . "
Young Spock ( not to be confused with kid Spock or Baby Spock ) also professed his faith in J.J. Abrams 's ability to steer the franchise , even if he does n't return to direct .
" I have a lot of trust and gratitude and respect for J.J. [ Abrams ] and for Damon Lindelof and for Bob Orci and Alex Kurtzman , " Quinto stated .
" I would obviously love to see J.J. be directing every Star Trek movie that I 'm ever affiliated with , but if it's not the case I 'm sure that whoever does will be someone that he has chosen and that he believes in for whatever reason . "
Check out the entire interview below
( quote & video source MTV News )
Canadian rockers
Rush were none too happy to find out that an American politician was using their music for his Senate bid .
Kentucky 's Republican candidate Rand Paul , a fan of the band , has been ordered to stop using Rush songs in his online ads and at campaign events .
According to reports , Robert Farmer , attorney for Rush 's Toronto - based record label , Anthem Entertainment Group Inc. , sent a cease and desist letter to Paul 's campaign officials asking them to stop using the music .
" This is not a political issue - this is a copyright issue , " Farmer said .
" We would do this no matter who it is . "
Farmer said Paul did not have permission to use the music and noted that bassist / singer Geddy Lee , guitarist Alex Lifeson and drummer Neil Peart are also Canadian .
Farmer said he alerted YouTube , which disabled the audio in the campaign ad .
Last month , after Paul , the son of Congressman and former Presidential candidate Ron Paul , won the Republican Senatorial primary , the owner of Rush fan site Rushisaband.com blogged : " Although he 's not actually named after Ayn Rand ( it 's just short for Randall ) , Paul does happens [ sic ] to be a Rush fan and is known to play / quote Rush at his campaign rallies as I 'd mentioned last year .
In his victory party Tuesday night he arrived to Rush 's ' The Spirit of Radio ' playing in the background . "
He then posted a blog from a Paul supporter who traveled with him last summer : " I learned that Rand Paul is a fan of the best band ever : Rush .
You heard it here first : Rand Paul loves Rush music .
He said that sometimes in speeches he likes to highlight government corruption and the GOP 's drift from its core values by quoting from the Rush song ' Spirit of the Radio , ' which says , ' Glittering prizes and endless compromises shatter the illusion of integrity . '
He also likes ' The Trees . ' "
Just as the G8 - G20 meetings conclude in Muskoka and Toronto , another round of negotiations on the controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement resumes in Switzerland today .
In the aftermath of the last round of discussions in New Zealand , a draft version of the ACTA text was publicly released , temporarily quieting criticism about the lack of transparency associated with an agreement that currently touches on all forms of intellectual property , including patents , trademark , and copyright .
While the transparency concerns are no longer in the spotlight , my weekly technology law column ( Toronto Star version , homepage version ) notes that mounting opposition to the agreement from the developing world , particularly powerhouse economies such as India , China , and Brazil , is attracting considerable attention .
The public opposition from those countries – India has threatened to establish a coalition of countries against the treaty – dramatically raise the political stakes and place Canada between a proverbial rock and hard place , given its close ties to the U.S. and ambition to increase economic ties with India and China .
India and China formally raised their complaints earlier this month at the World Trade Organization , where they identified five concerns with the agreement .
First , they fear ACTA conflicts with international trade law and would create legal uncertainty .
Second , they believe ACTA undermines the balance of rights , obligations , and flexibilities that exist within international law .
This applies to both trade issues and intellectual property matters .
For example , both India and Canada are currently working to implement international intellectual property rules within their domestic laws ( both countries have tabled draft copyright bills ) and ACTA would create significant new restrictions that could have an immediate domestic impact .
Third , there is concern that ACTA could have a dangerous effect on access to medicines by disrupting shipment of goods such as pharmaceuticals .
Over the past few years , European countries have seized generic medicines traveling between India and Brazil .
Stopping delivery of crucial medicines while in transit creates potential health risks for countries anxious to import them for delivery to waiting patients .
The prospect of seized generic medicines – ACTA calls for increased seizure powers by customs officials – could impact Canadian pharmaceutical companies as well , given the success of several generic pharmaceutical companies in serving a global marketplace .
Fourth , governments are uncomfortable with the prospect that ACTA could force them to allocate new resources toward intellectual property enforcement ahead of other important policy concerns .
While safeguarding intellectual property is important , many developing countries can ill - afford to pull scarce law enforcement personnel away from investigating violent crime in order to track down purveyors of fake handbags or DVDs .
Fifth , there are real concerns that ACTA establishes a dangerous precedent by brushing aside United Nations - based international arenas that offer greater transparency and consensus - driven policies in favour of a closed , non-transparent negotiation process that intentionally excludes developing countries .
These concerns should resonate strongly with Canadian officials hosting the G20 , since just as Canada tries to broaden the scope of international economic discussions to include major developed and developing countries , ACTA represents a step in the opposite direction .
While some may suggest that the developing world opposition provides evidence that ACTA is actually on the right track , the reality is that it is designed to apply to the very countries that are now preparing to openly oppose it .
There is no mechanism to " force " these countries to abide by ACTA standards .
Just as Canada has sought to broaden participation through the G20 , the best approach to gaining broader acceptance is to include developing countries in the ACTA talks , not leave them on the outside in the hope of later pressuring them to comply with an agreement from which they were deliberately excluded .
Enlarge Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History Some experts believe the homo heidelbergensis species might be the Denisova cave hominid .
Wild , hairy , folks who fought griffons and nomads — have paleontologists unearthed mythic figures of folklore ?
Siberia 's Denisova cave held the pinky bone of an unknown early human species , a genetics team reported in March .
The Naturejournal study , led by Johannes Krause of Germany 's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , offered no answer for what happened to this " archaic " human species , more than one million years old and living near their human and Neanderthal cousins as recently as 30,000 years ago .
But at least one scholar has an intriguing answer : " The discovery of material evidence of a distinct hominin ( human ) lineage in Central Asia as recently as 30,000 years ago does not come as a surprise to those who have looked at the historical and anecdotal evidence of ' wild people ' inhabiting the region , " wrote folklorist Michael Heaney of the United Kingdom 's Bodleian Library Oxford , in a letter to The Times of London .
Wild people ?
Herodotus , the father of historians , wrote about these human cousins , the " Arimaspians , " around 450 B.C .
They were " strong warriors , good horsemen rich in flocks of cattle and sheep and goats ; they are one - eyed , ' shaggy with hairs , the toughest of men ' , " according to John of Tzetses , a writer of the Byzantine era .
They also fought griffons , mythical winged lions with eagle 's faces , for gold , according to Herodotus and his contemporary Aristeas , who clearly knew their stuff when it came to spicing up historical writing .
Heaney notes that legends of hairy wild people , or almases , have been standard fare in the Russian steppes for centuries .
" The reports of wild men , although having typical mythic overtones , do often reflect what we know of primitive hominins , " Heaney says , by e-mail .
" The presumed almases of Central Asia could be any one of a number of pre -( homo ) sapien ancestors . "
What about their gold - mine - guarding griffon foes ?
In a 1993 companion piece to a look at the Arismaspians by Heaney , Stanford historianAdrienne Mayor , author of The First Fossil Hunters : Paleontology in Greek and Roman Times , suggested their legend sprang from dinosaur bones unearthed by nomads in their travels across the steppes of Western Mongolia .
" That region could well be Bayan - Ulgii aimag ( province ) in western Mongolia and environs , where I have wandered many long days and have seen ancient and contemporary small gold mines , " says archaeologist Jeannine Davis - Kimball of the Center for the Study of Eurasian Nomads , who calls a dinosaur - bone origin for griffon stories reasonable .
But as for Arimaspians being the same as the newly - discovered archaic humans , Davis - Kimball has pretty strong doubts .
" We have excavated Bronze Age hunters and gatherers and small villagers along the Eurasian rivers — these were the people that precede the nomads by a 1,000 or maybe even many more years .
I 've seen lots of skeletons from many locales in my travels from Hungary to Mongolia , but none that correlates with this new hominid line or with the one - eyed Arimaspians , " Davis - Kimball says , by e-mail .
" It 's too difficult for me to believe that hominids living 1,000,000 years ago could be perpetuated in a myth to the time of Herodotus or about 450 BC . "
Another explanation came in a 2008 Archaeology Ethnology & Anthropology of Eurasia journal study by Dima Cheremisin of the Russian Academy of Sciences who looked at the ancient Pazyryk people of Siberia , an Iron Age tribe whose burial mounds dot the Altai Mountains .
" The mythical griffon is the most popular figure in Pazyryk art , suggesting that the Pazyryk people maybe identified with the ' griffons guarding gold , ' mentioned by Aristeas and Herodotus , " Cheremisin noted .
And cryptozoologists , who make a study of legendary creatures , have offered similar archaic human explanations in the past for sightings of the Yeti or Bigfoot .
Bernard Heuvelmans , the father of modern cryptozoology , theorized in the 1980's that such sightings of the wild people could be based on ancestral memories of Neanderthals .
Of course , it does turn out that people seem to have interbred with Neanderthals , according to a May Science magazine report led by Svante Pääbo , a long - time ancient genome researcher who also was a co-author on the Denisova Cave discovery report .
More than 50,000 years ago , most likely in the Near East , intermingling of early modern humans and Neanderthals led to modern - day Europeans and Asians typically having a genome that is 1 - 4 % Neanderthal , according to the study .
Such interbreeding is another staple of old stories .
Hercules , the hero of Greek myths , walked around in a lion skin with a club over his shoulders and was wondrously strong , a bit like a Neanderthal , due to half - divine parentage .
Even the Old Testament contains references to Nephilim , " giants , " who married people and had children .
" These stories go back millennia , but they do n't go back that far , " says biblical archaeologist Robert Cargill of UCLA .
" There 's no way that the author of the Book of Genesis had in mind Neanderthals . "
Most likely , ancient people were trying to explain the origin of tall people , Cargil says , and pointing back to a time when things were so bad that even semi-divine creatures were misbehaving .
Of course , it 's fun to speculate .
After all , researchers in 2003 discovered another human species , Homo floresiensis , nicknamed " hobbits " for their puny stature about three feet tall , who died out perhaps 12,000 years ago in Indonesia .
So we have hobbits , giants , and possibly cyclopean wild men , running around in prehistory .
It 's not quite The Lord of the Rings , but we can certainly forgive Herodotus for some of his taller tales .
Shares
If there ’s one thing the media love , it ’s a “ bungling bureaucrats ” story .
Yep , the FDA , wrapped up with their science dogma , enslaved to Big Pharma , pushing toxic , unnatural chemicals and ignoring safety data .
And that ’s the story being told about sunscreens :
“ Study : Many Sunscreens May Be Accelerating Cancer ”
“ Did The FDA Ignore Proof That Sunscreens May Speed Up Cancer ? ”
“ FDA Coverup Of Sunscreen Cancer Risk ”
What ’s a consumer to do ?
If you only read the headlines , you may get the impression that sunscreens do more harm than good .
The impetus was the release of the Environmental Working Group ’s ( EWG ) 2010 Sunscreen Guide .
EWG is an environmental advocacy organization that focuses on consumer products , and has been conducting annual reviews of sunscreens since 2007 .
Of the 500 products it reviewed , it only recommends 8 % , or 39 products in total .
Why were so many products deemed “ not recommended ” ?
Reasons for negative ratings included the following :
any product containing retinyl palmitate ( vitamin A ) , which is described as a photocarcinogen
any product containing oxybenzone , called a “ potential hormone disrupter ”
any sunscreen packaged as a spray or powder , due to inhalation concerns
EWG also raised concerns about nano - sized particles in sunscreens .
But before we dive into the report , let ’s consider what we ’re trying to do with sunscreen .
Effects of UV Radiation
Ultraviolet radiation that reaches the earth may be divided into UVA ( 320 –400 nm ) and UVB ( 290 –320 nm ) .
UVA is further subdivided into UVA I , II and III .
A simplified way to differentiate between the two types is to think of UVA as the aging radiation , and UVB as the burning radiation .
Your exposure to UV radiation depends on factors such as latitude , altitude , time of year / day , and atmospheric conditions such as clouds and pollution .
For example , if you ’re on the Mediterranean coast at noon in the summer , the radiation mix is about 95 % UVA , and 5 % UVB .
UVB has been the traditional focus — stop the sunburn .
UVA was n’t scrutinized .
But not only can UVA pass through glass , its rays can penetrate deeper into the skin and are responsible for skin breakdown and thickening .
Both UVA and UVB are now implicated as cancer - causing , and UV radiation is considered a carcinogen .
Acutely , we see the effects of UVB .
Sunburns can range from mild redness to life - threatening situations .
Long term , the skin will show signs of both UVA and UVB damage .
Degenerative changes including skin thickening as well as fibrous tissue and circulatory changes follow chronic exposure .
And then there ’s the big worry : cancer .
Why use Sunscreen ?
Sunscreens reduce UV damage by reflecting or absorbing UV radiation :
Physical ( inorganic ) barriers ( i.e. , zinc oxide and titanium dioxide ) physically block the skin from sunlight with particulate matter , reflecting and scattering UV rays .
Physical barriers are near - perfect sunscreens : they protect against UVA and UVB , they start working immediately , they ’re stable and do n’t break down in the sun , and they are safe .
Their use has traditionally been limited by aesthetic qualities , with formulas that are greasy , white , and opaque .
( i.e. , zinc oxide and titanium dioxide ) physically block the skin from sunlight with particulate matter , reflecting and scattering UV rays .
Physical barriers are near - perfect sunscreens : they protect against UVA and UVB , they start working immediately , they ’re stable and do n’t break down in the sun , and they are safe .
Their use has traditionally been limited by aesthetic qualities , with formulas that are greasy , white , and opaque .
Chemical ( organic ) barriers filter and absorb UV radiation .
Their chemical structure converts UV radiation to heat .
They vary in their chemical properties , as well as their ability to absorb UVA , UVB , or both .
The Sun Protection Factor ( SPF ) is a estimate of how effectively a sunscreen will reduce the time to a sunburn .
For example , a sunscreen that extends burning time from 10 minutes to 150 minutes has an SPF of 15 .
Because sunburn is the endpoint measured , SPF is a measure of UVB protection , not UVA protection .
While UVA is implicated as a carcinogen , along with UVB , there are currently no well - established short - term endpoints for measuring UVA protection .
But this is changing , with the FDA proposing a new set of rules for labeling UVA protection .
There is little difference in sunscreens beyond SPF 15 .
Consider the following :
SPF 15 will allow 7 % of UVB radiation through to the skin
SPF 30 will allow 4 % of UVB radiation through to the skin
SPF 60 will allow 2 % of UVB radiation through to the skin
SPF values are calculated based on a dose of about 1 oz ( 30 mL , or 2 tablespoons ) for the entire body — much more than is typically used .
In general , insufficient amounts of sunscreen are applied to achieve the labeled UV protection .
In real - world observations of use , actual protection is limited far more by the amount applied , and how often it is reapplied , than by the SPF .
The EWG report illustrates the consequences of inadequate use of sunscreens , based on applying one - quarter of the recommended amount :
SPF on label Average SPF of users at ( 0.5 mg/cm2 ) % UV transmission ( amount reaching skin ) 15 2 50 % 30 2.3 43 % 50 2.6 38 % 100 3.2 31 %
When used properly , SPF 15 provides more than adequate UVB protection for most individuals .
EWG recommends that higher SPF products should be avoided if they contain higher concentrations of ingredients they deem potentially hazardous .
While it ’s unclear how much risk these ingredients truly represent , it ’s a fair statement that higher SPF products are more about marketing , rather than meaningful differences in potential sun protection .
You get better protection using a sunscreen properly .
Sunscreens and Cancer
There are three major types of skin cancer .
Basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma are common , but rarely fatal .
They often appear on sun-exposed areas like faces and ears , and can be removed easily ( though it may be disfiguring ) .
It ’s clear that sun exposure is a risk factor for basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma , and that sun avoidance can reduce this risk .
The third cancer , melanoma , is rare ( about 3 % of all skin cancers ) but frequently fatal , causing 75 % of the deaths ) .
When it comes to melanoma , the data on sun exposure are not as clear .
There is n’t good evidence to demonstrate that reducing sun exposure has an effect , as chronic sun exposure seems to have a protective effect .
However , there is good evidence linking sunburns , and particularly intermittent sun exposure to melanoma .
The data with indoor tanning also seem to support a dose - response relationship .
Overall , the data points to an association between intentional sun exposure and melanoma , non-intentional sun exposure with squamous cell carcinoma , and basal cell carcinoma likely related to both .
( Source )
When it comes to the efficacy of sunscreen to reduce cancer risk , the data are less clear .
Most sunscreens did n’t offer UVA protection until recently , confounding studies examining relationships between sunscreen use and cancer risk .
Consequently , the evidence linking sunscreen use to reduced melanoma risk is n’t convincing .
Studies are confounded by the long latency period for melanoma , the challenges with recall studies , and the changing formulations of sunscreens .
One hypothesis for the lack of link is that sunscreen could confers a false sense of security , increasing overall exposure through more time in the sun , and possibly less use of protective clothing .
Compounding this would be a relative lack of protection against UVA .
Overall , however , there ’s good evidence to demonstrate sunscreen use can reduce precursors to cancer , and the incidence of squamous cell cancer .
On balance , the data suggest that sunscreens provide protective effects against cancer .
Pharmaceutical Elegance : The Importance of Formulation
One consideration I frequently discuss when counseling consumers about sunscreens are questions and concerns about aesthetics — particularly in products for children .
If the product is greasy , opaque , or thick , it wo n’t be used properly , no matter how effective the product might be .
Aesthetics are a function of the vehicle ( what the active ingredients are mixed in ) as well as the specific characteristics of the compound .
Alcohol - based and “ dry ” versions are also available , but must rely on a smaller number of ingredients because of manufacturing issues .
A related problem is photostability — the ability of sunscreens to remain effective when irradiated by UV rays .
Photostability is a function of the vehicle , and the type and concentrations of the different ingredients .
Inorganic sunscreens do n’t have this problem : not only are they photostable , they are also ideal for those with sensitive skin that may be allergic to organic chemicals .
In general , if the final product does n’t have great aesthetics , it probably wo n’t be used properly .
And this compromises the point of using sunscreens in the first place .
Sunscreen Risks
Acute side effects of sunscreens are rare and are generally limited to hypersensitivity reactions , such as skin rashes to the chemical ( organic ) sunscreens .
Longer term effects can be categorized into two categories : long term toxicities from the constituents of the sunscreen ( the bulk of the Environmental Working Groups ’s concerns ) and the potential for reduced vitamin D absorption .
While vitamin D production is blocked when UVB - blocking sunscreens are used , the real - world impact is n’t clear .
Deficiency is plausible , but there ’s little evidence to suggest meaningful deficiencies in vitamin D are related to typical use of sunscreens .
Is Retinyl Palmitate Causing Cancer ?
The EWG report evaluates the different ingredients and formulations of sunscreens and uses its own ranking system to assign a score .
Their scoring system is internally developed , and has not been validated , but the methodology is reasonably transparent .
Based on the coverage of the EWG ’s report , you might get the impression that sunscreens containing retinyl palmitate are causing cancer .
Retinyl palmitate is a form of vitamin A commonly used in cosmetic products to reduce wrinkles and fine lines .
The EWG points to a 2009 study of retinyl palmitate on mice as their main cause for concern .
Treated mice , and a control group were exposed to the equivalent of nine minutes of noontime Florida sun daily , for a year .
Compared to the control group , the RP group developed more tumours .
That ’s adequate evidence to avoid the product says the EWG .
But is this finding relevant ?
The mice were treated with retinyl palmitate — not sunscreen that contained retinyl palmitate .
It ’s known that retinyl palmitate can be a photosensitizer .
When used as a single ingredient cream , as with other forms of vitamin A , you must wear sunscreen , or you ’ll burn more easily .
So how relevant is this mouse study to human subjects , wearing sunscreens containing retinyl palmitate ?
It ’s difficult to say .
Study completion and peer review is expected by 2011 .
What ’s the best approach until then ?
Well , given that retinyl palmitate is n’t approved as a sunscreen , there ’s no compelling rationale for it to be in these products .
It ’s not unreasonable to avoid it if desired , but there ’s no persuasive evidence to suggest its presence is a sound reason to skip sunscreen .
Oxybenzone : Disrupting our Hormones ?
Oxybenzone , or more properly , 2 - hydroxy - 4- methoxybenzophenone , is naturally found in flower pigments and is commercially synthesized as a sunscreen agent and UV stabilizer .
Oxybenzone provides UVB and some UVA protection , and stabilizes avobenzone , an effective ( but less chemically stable ) UVA - sunscreen agent .
It has been the target of criticism by those asking for more long - term safety assurances .
The CDC recently reported that oxybenzone was detected in 97 % of urine samples in a representative sampling of Americans .
So it ’s in our bodies and in our environment .
Is it harmful ?
EWG says yes , calling it a “ potential hormone disrupter ” .
Yet oxybenzone has n’t been linked conclusively to negative health effects .
But absence of evidence is n’t evidence of absence , so do consumers have cause for concern ?
The CDC notes , “ Human health effects from benzophenone - 3 at low environmental doses or at biomonitored levels from low environmental exposures are unknown . ”
The European Union ’s review is online [ PDF ] , which asks for more information on dermal absorption , yet concludes that in vitro and in vivo data indicate oxybenzone does not possess photo - mutagenic or photo - genotoxic properties .
EWG recommends that oxybenzone should be avoided in sunscreens .
However , evidence is n’t yet persuasive that meaningful hazards have been documented .
It ’s important to recognize that EWG takes a strict perspective on ingredients that is not shared by other organizations .
Because something is in the environment at very low doses , it does not mean it is harmful .
In addition , the ubiquity of oxybenzone in personal care products makes it very difficult to avoid , as the CDC sampling showed .
As the American Cancer Society points out in its discussion of cosmetics ,
It ’s important to have a sense of the difference between the hazard an ingredient may pose and the risk a person faces from being exposed to it .
Scientists use the term hazard to describe the potential of a chemical to cause unwanted health effects .
Risk is used to describe the chances of an unwanted health effect in a person from normal use of the ingredient .
A substance may be deemed to be potentially hazardous for some reason , but it may pose very little risk to people during normal use .
When it comes to oxybenzone and sunscreens , the myriad of alternatives available mean that it ’s possible to avoid oxybenzone if desired , while still finding products that provide good UV protection .
Nano , Nano
If we want to avoid organic ( chemical ) sunscreens , the inorganic options , titanium and zinc are the attractive alternative .
But EWG raises further concerns about new formulations of these products — those that contain nanoparticles .
Nanoparticles are a new innovation to deal with the aesthetic drawbacks of the physical sunblocks :
Make the particles small enough , and they become translucent and even transparent .
Traditional titanium dioxide and zinc oxide have particle sizes of over 200 nm — large enough to reflect visible light , giving the traditional white appearance .
Make the particles small enough , and they wo n’t scatter visible light .
( This chart [ pdf ] nicely illustrates the effect . )
EWG is concerned about the risk of absorption of nano - particles and is calling for more research .
However , they note the following :
Although we expected to reach a different conclusion at the outset of our sunscreen investigation , when we balanced all factors important in sunscreen safety , our analysis shows that many zinc and titanium - based sunscreens are among the safest and most effective sunscreens on the market .
This statement is evidence - based .
Measurable systemic absorption does not seem to occur with titanium and zinc nano - material sunscreens .
EWG does flag sprays and powder forms of sunscreens as potentially problematic , particularly the nano - formulations , due to inhalation risks of sunscreen ingredients .
While the risk of absorption is certainly greater with aerosols , compared with creams , this can be mitigated by selecting liquid sprays instead of dry powders , and avoiding spraying directly on the facial area .
Probably the biggest drawback to nanomaterials is that as the particles get smaller , the UVA protection diminishes .
Consequently , ultrafine particles may need to be combined with chemical sunscreens to provide complete ( broad spectrum ) protection .
On balance , the inorganic sunscreens , whether they are nano - sized or not , are excellent sunscreens .
Conclusion
Sunscreen is not a panacea for skin protection .
Sun avoidance and physical barriers remain the best approaches to minimizing the acute and long - term effects of UV radiation .
The data on sunscreen use and cancer risk are complex , but on balance suggest that the short - term and long - terms benefits of sunscreens significantly outweigh their risks when used during periods of unavoidable exposure .
There ’s no evidence that vitamin D deficiency is a consequence of safe sun behaviours , and given there are safe and inexpensive methods of obtaining vitamin D ( oral supplementation ) the rationale for intentional , unprotected sun exposure remains unclear .
Sunscreens remain an important option to help avoid unwanted UV exposure .
Overall , the EWG report makes it easy for consumers to differentiate between sunscreens , and make selections based on UV spectrum protection and ingredient preferences .
While I ’m personally not convinced about the hazards of the current FDA - approved products , I agree with the group ’s overall recommendation that physical barriers , containing titanium and / or zinc , have superior risk / benefit profiles .
When you look past the headlines , the Environmental Working Group ’s analysis is n’t bad .
It ’s cautious but pragmatic .
The bad probably is n’t as bad as they say , but they take a good perspective related to risk / benefit overall .
Thanos Imperative # 2 Sneak Peek
First Look at the End of Marvel Cosmic
Life is threatening to destroy the Marvel Universe .
A rival universe , where life is the ultimate curse , is invading the Marvel Universe through a rip in space and time called the Fault .
In the Marvel Comics limited series The Thanos Imperative , Nova , the Guardians of the Galaxy and Marvel 's other cosmic heroes must unite to stop this invaders from this other universe and the key to defeating them may be Thanos , the avatar of death .
Via press release , Marvel Comics has sent out images of the interior pencils by Miguel Sepulveda from the second issue of The Thanos Imperative , written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning .
Check them out in all their cosmic glory below .
Marvel also announced that The Thanos Imperative : Ignition # 1 and The Thanos Imperative # 1 have sold out at the distributor level , though copies may still be available at your local retailer .
Second printing variants of these issues will be released on 6/30 and 7/8 respectively .
Do n't worry if you have n't been reading Nova and Guardians of the Galaxy and feel you might be lost when jumping into The Thanos Imperative .
In the press release Editor Bill Rosemann adds , " Even if you have n’t been part of the fun so far , The Thanos Imperative : Ignition # 1 and The Thanos Imperative # 1 deliver everything you need to know to hop onboard this last crazy ride .
The Silver Surfer , Nova , Gladiator , Quasar , the Guardians of the Galaxy , Galactus , the Inhumans , Lord Mar - Vell & the Revengers … DnA and Miguel Sepulveda are pulling out all the stops !
Join us…or risk the wrath of The Mad Titan ! ”
THE THANOS IMPERATIVE # 2 ( of 6 ) ( MAY100625 )
Written by DAN ABNETT & ANDY LANNING
Penciled by MIGUEL ANGEL SEPULVEDA
Cover by ALEKSI BRICLOT
Rated T+ … $ 3.99
FOC – 6/24 , On - Sale – 7/14/10
THANOS SOURCEBOOK ( MAY100626 )
Written by MIKE O’SULLIVAN & VARIOUS
Cover by ALEX GARNER
Rated T+ … $ 3.99
FOC – 6/17 , On - Sale – 7/8/10
THE THANOS IMPERATIVE #1 SECOND PRINTING VARIANT ( APR108264 )
Written by DAN ABNETT & ANDY LANNING
Pencils and Cover by MIGUEL SEPULVEDA
Rated T+ … $ 3.99
FOC – 6/17/10 , On Sale – 7/8/10
THE THANOS IMPERATIVE : IGNITION #1 SECOND PRINTING VARIANT ( APR108130 )
Written by DAN ABNETT & ANDY LANNING
Pencils and Cover by BRAD WALKER
Rated T+ … $ 3.99
FOC – 6/10/30 , On Sale – 6/30/10
In the wake of Microsoft 's decision to kill the Kin phones , Joshua Topolsky at Engadget is reporting that Microsoft Windows President Steve Sinofsky is making a move to take over Microsoft 's mobile division .
Sinfosky wants to make Windows one unified platform from the desktop to mobile .
While this sounds like a good idea on paper , it 's part of the reason Microsoft has been held in check in mobile .
In conversations with former employees , we 've heard stories that the mobile division can't build its own phone operating system from scratch .
It has to check with the Office group and the Windows group at every step along the way to make sure the Microsoft look and feel is preserved .
Engadget reports that this is what killed the Kin .
The phone originally had its own OS .
Then Microsoft 's mobile boss Andy Lees told the Kin team to rewrite the OS based on Windows Compact Edition .
It took 18 months to rewrite the software to fit these new specs .
The Kin was originally the spawn of Microsoft 's Danger acquisition , but most of the Danger team left the company .
Verizon was going to provide cheaper data plans for Kin phones initially , but after all the delays it decided it had had enough , and did n't offer lower rates , which ultimately screwed the phone .
All of this sounds really bad for Microsoft 's mobile future .
Andy Lees was in charge of the Kin project , and he's in charge of Windows Phone 7 .
If he could n't successful guide the Kin to market , can he handle Windows Phone 7 ?
One more thing .
When Robbie Bach left Microsoft , Andy Lees was not named president of mobile .
If Microsoft had faith in Andy , it would make sense to promote him .
Instead he kept the same position , seemingly leaving the door open for Sinofsky to step in and take over mobile .
See Also : Microsoft Kin Review : The Best Cellphones You 'll Never Buy
Do you guys remember your having to go to one of those in elementary ?
Man , how friggin awkward .
A HUGE thank you to my Redditor for sending me this very suitable Office Space kit .
I told him / her that I just got an office job and need something to decorate my space with and he / she delivered ! :D
I 'm going to proudly Office Space my workplace when I get to work on Monday .
[ Haskell - cafe ] IFL 2010 : 3rd CFP and 1st Call for Participation
3RD CALL FOR PAPERS and 1ST CALL FOR PARTICIPATION 22nd Symposium on Implementation and Application of Functional Languages ( IFL 2010 ) September 1 - 3 , 2010 Utrecht University Alphen aan den Rijn , The Netherlands http://www.cs.uu.nl/ifl2010
*******************************************************************************************
** Submission and Registration are now both OPEN ** **
If you intend to participate in IFL 2010 , help us by registering as soon as possible .
** ** ** ** Submission closes July 25 , Registration closes August 1 ** *******************************************************************************************
After a first successful visit to the USA , the Symposium on Implementation and Application of Functional Languages returns to Europe for its 22nd edition .
The hosting institution is Utrecht University in the Netherlands , although the conference itself will take place in the ornithological theme park Avifauna in Alphen aan den Rijn , situated conveniently close to Schiphol ( Amsterdam Airport ) .
The symposium dates are September 1 - 3 , 2010 .
The goal of the IFL symposia is to bring together researchers actively engaged in the implementation and application of functional and function - based programming languages .
IFL 2010 will be a venue for researchers to present and discuss new ideas and concepts , work in progress , and publication - ripe results related to the implementation and application of functional languages and function - based programming .
Following the IFL tradition , IFL 2010 will use a post - symposium review process to produce formal proceedings which will be published by Springer Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series .
All participants in IFL 2010 are invited to submit either a draft paper or an extended abstract describing work to be presented at the symposium .
At no time may work submitted to IFL be simultaneously submitted to other venues .
Here we follow the ACM Sigplan republication policy as defined on http://www.sigplan.org/republicationpolicy.htm.
The submissions will be screened by the program committee chair to make sure they are within the scope of IFL , and will appear in the draft proceedings distributed at the symposium .
Submissions appearing in the draft proceedings are not peer - reviewed publications .
After the symposium , authors will be given the opportunity to incorporate the feedback from discussions at the symposium and will be invited to submit a revised full article for the formal review process .
These revised submissions will be reviewed by the program committee using prevailing academic standards to select the best articles , which will appear in the formal proceedings .
INVITED SPEAKER Johan Nordlander of Lulea University , the designer and developer of the Timber language , is the invited speaker at IFL 2010 .
Timber is a functional programming language that draws some of its concepts from object - oriented programming , and has built - in facilities for concurrent execution .
The language is specifically targeted at implementing real - time embedded systems .
TOPICS IFL welcomes submissions describing practical and theoretical work as well as submissions describing applications and tools .
If you are not sure that your work is appropriate for IFL 2010 , please contact the PC chair at jur at cs.uu.nl .
Topics of interest include , but are not limited to : language concepts type checking contracts compilation techniques staged compilation runtime function specialization runtime code generation partial evaluation ( abstract ) interpretation generic programming techniques automatic program generation array processing concurrent / parallel programming concurrent / parallel program execution functional programming and embedded systems functional programming and web applications functional programming and security novel memory management techniques runtime profiling and performance measurements debugging and tracing virtual / abstract machine architectures validation and verification of functional programs tools and programming techniques industrial applications of functional programming PAPER SUBMISSIONS Prospective authors are encouraged to submit papers or extended abstracts to be published in the draft proceedings and to present them at the symposium .
All contributions must be written in English , conform to the Springer - Verlag LNCS series format and not exceed 16 pages .
The draft proceedings will appear as a technical report of the Department of Computer Science of Utrecht University .
SPONSORS IFL 2010 is sponsored by Microsoft Research .
As a result we can offer decreased participation fees for Master students and PhD students who plan to attend or present at IFL 2010 .
PETER LANDIN PRIZE
The Peter Landin Prize is awarded to the best paper presented at the symposium every year .
The honored article is selected by the program committee based on the submissions received for the formal review process .
The prize carries a cash award equivalent to 150 Euros .
IMPORTANT DATES
Draft proceedings submission deadline July 25 , 2010 Registration deadline August 1 , 2010 IFL 2010 Symposium September 1 - 3 , 2010 Submission for review process deadline October 25 , 2010 Notification Accept / Reject December 22 , 2010 Camera ready version February 17 , 2011 PROGRAM COMMITTEE Jost Berthold University of Copenhagen ( DIKU ) , Denmark Olaf Chitil University of Kent , UK John Clements California Polytechnic State University , USA Matthew Fluet Rochester Institute of Technology , USA Andy Gill Kansas University , USA Jurriaan Hage ( Chair ) University of Utrecht , Netherlands Bastiaan Heeren Open University , Netherlands Ralf Hinze University of Oxford , UK John Hughes Chalmers University of Technology , Sweden Yukiyoshi Kameyama University of Tsukuba , Japan Gabriele Keller University of New South Wales , Australia Pieter Koopman Radboud University Nijmegen , Netherlands Luc Maranget INRIA , France Simon Marlow Microsoft Research , UK Marco T. Morazán Seton Hall University , USA Rex Page University of Oklahoma , USA Ricardo Peña Universidad Complutense de Madrid , Spain Sven-Bodo Scholz University of Hertfordshire , UK Tom Schrijvers Catholic University of Leuven , Belgium Don Stewart Galois , USA Wouter Swierstra Vector Fabrics , Netherlands Don Syme Microsoft , UK Peter Thiemann University of Freiburg , Germany Phil Trinder Heriott - Watt University , Scotland Janis Voigtländer University of Bonn , Germany Viktória Zsók Eötvös Loránd University , Hungary
( CNN ) --
A man police wanted to question in the abduction of a 4 - year - old Missouri girl shot himself as investigators approached him , authorities in St. Louis reported Wednesday .
The girl , Alisa Maier , was found alive Tuesday night in the St. Louis suburb of Fenton , about 70 miles south of her Mississippi River hometown of Louisiana , Missouri .
Her parents identified her from a photograph sent by police there , her grandfather , Roy Harrison , said Wednesday night .
" You could n't miss the big brown eyes , " Harrison told HLN 's " Nancy Grace . "
But the search went on for the man who abducted her , who was seen driving a dark - colored , four - door sedan with missing wheel covers and a loud muffler .
A tip led police to the town of Hawk Point , about 45 miles south of Louisiana , where police found a car parked outside a home that roughly matched that description , Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt. Al Nothum said .
Before police could speak to the man , " He pulled out a gun and shot himself . "
Nothum said .
" We are not saying this is our suspect , " he added .
" We are saying he is a person of interest . "
Investigators are still treating the case as open , and will continue to take tips until the facts are nailed down , he said .
There were preliminary reports after the shooting that the man had died , but Nothum said Wednesday night that the man was in critical condition .
Nothum would not provide any more information about the man or his condition .
Alisa was snatched from the front yard of her home Monday evening as she played with her 6 - year - old brother .
Harrison said his granddaughter is " a bright young girl " who has talked " a little bit " with her parents about her abduction .
" As to what she 's relaying to them , we do n't know , " he said .
" They 're staying down there close to the headquarters they 've got down there in St. Louis now , so they 're able to get people to her , to talk to her . "
Anita McKlevis , a neighbor , told HLN's " Prime News " that the town of about 4,000 was overjoyed by the girl 's safe return .
" It was like someone gave us all $ 1 million , " McKlevis said .
" Everybody is so happy for this little girl and the family .
We are going to stick by the family .
That 's important . "
McKlevis said she sent cupcakes to the family 's home , " because I know she loves them . "
And Harrison said the family was " ecstatic " over Alisa 's safe return .
" I 've told people earlier , if I could do a backflip , I would , " he said .
" When we get her back and get the family together , we 're gonna have a barbecue and togetherness , and hugs and kisses .
I could n't be any happier . "
Alisa was discovered near a gas station car wash after witnesses saw her walking away from the sedan .
CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .
Established in 2001 , Newegg has quickly become a household name among AnandTech readers .
They originally won the hearts of many readers by offering extremely competitive prices and keeping customer service a top priority .
Since their humble beginnings the company has grown tremendously , with net sales in 2005 of approximately $ 1.3 billion , a 30 % increase over the prior year .
Newegg currently stocks over 60,000 different products and ships up to 25,000 orders per day , 98 % of them within 24 hours .
On a recent trip to Los Angeles we were given the opportunity to take a tour of one of Newegg 's warehouses .
While we 've been able to tour Newegg 's facilities in the past , this time they let us publish pictures and take you on a virtual tour of their facilities - effectively letting us follow the path of an order after it is placed online .
Newegg sweetened the deal even more by working with us to give away some of their product to you all , but more on that later .
Click to Enlarge
Newegg is trying to target 2 day turnaround for all shipments , regardless of shipping method , thanks to strategic placement of their warehouses all over the country .
The warehouse we toured is a medium sized generation 2 model at 180,000 square feet , Newegg ’s latest warehouse is a third generation model at 300,000 square feet in Tennessee designed to service the east coast .
Click to Enlarge
What you see in the picture above is a glimpse at where the action takes place in Newegg 's 180,000 square foot facility , this article will give you a brief look inside Newegg and how your orders get from their website to the shipping truck so very quickly .
The Beginning
Our journey starts in receiving , this part of the process actually has nothing specifically to do with your order but what 's done here makes the rest of the process infinitely easier .
Shipping trucks will pull up to the warehouse and unload cargo pallets filled with computer products .
A pallet is a wooden or plastic platform that can be picked up using a forklift ; palletized cargo is cargo placed on a pallet , which is how Newegg 's inventory is shipped to them .
Once the pallets are received and unpacked they are sent off to receiving , which is a mere 30 feet away .
The pallets do n't just magically appear at Newegg , they are ordered from a set of offices and cubicles attached to the warehouse :
Click to Enlarge
What you see in the picture below are a few Newegg employees at computer terminals surrounded by hundreds of boxes .
What they are doing is scanning each and every item that comes into Newegg .
If it 's a retail product , such as a boxed AMD CPU , then the retail barcode is used and information is attached to it .
If it is an OEM product , such as an OEM AMD CPU , then Newegg will create their own barcode for the product .
The bar - coding process is quite important because Newegg 's system actually associates a great deal of information with each barcode .
Click to Enlarge
For every product that 's scanned not only are its specifications entered into the system but so are its physical dimensions and the weight of the product .
The importance of this is that when your order is placed , Newegg 's system knows exactly what size box ( es ) to ship your order in as well as how heavy your order will be .
After your order is complete and before it is boxed up , the weight of the order ( as well as the barcodes on each item ) is checked against Newegg 's database to make sure that you are indeed getting what you ordered .
In the far left corner of the picture above is a station where Newegg will take pictures of any new products coming into their warehouse , which end up being listed along with the product on their website .
After the products are received by Newegg , they are then sent to one of two places - the staging area or " the racks " where actively shipping product is organized and ready for orders that are being placed immediately .
The picture above is closest to the receiving area , and thus is the emptiest of the staging area .
Newegg 's facility here is no where near full capacity but also important is the fact that Newegg does n't keep product for very long at all , which allows them to usually take advantage of the best pricing possible and in turn offer highly competitive prices to their customers .
The farther away you get from the receiving area , the more crowded the warehouse becomes :
Click to Enlarge
The Picker
Finally , at the very back of the warehouse there 's a three - level rack / picker setup and this is where your order from Newegg is actually born .
Click to Enlarge
The three levels are organized in terms of product " velocity " or the speed at which Newegg sells through of that particular product .
A proprietary algorithm designed in - house by Newegg determines velocity .
High velocity products ( pictured below ) such as in - demand motherboards or video cards will be found on the first floor , while medium and low velocity products such as server boards , certain optical drives , etc ... will be found on the second and third floors respectively .
The idea is that the easiest to load floor is the first floor , and that 's where product that needs to be frequently replenished should be .
Click to Enlarge
Some " medium velocity " items
As soon as Newegg receives your order it is allocated a bar - coded tub ; the encoded in the tub's label is data on every item that 's in your order as well as where it is located within Newegg 's warehouse .
The automated system will not print a shipping label for your order unless every item in your order matches all of the barcodes in the tub .
The tub glides along a rolling conveyer , which will carry the tub from the start on the first floor all the way up to the third floor .
Along its journey it will pass by Newegg 's inventory ; the system ( pictured below ) , knowing exactly what your order should contain , will stop the tub whenever it gets to an item that needs to be put into it .
Click to Enlarge
On the first floor , product is kept above and opposing the rolling conveyer .
The product is grouped by frequency of purchase , not by type of product , so you will see items like motherboards on all three floors , not all grouped together in one area .
Beneath every product is a numerical readout as well as a red " Confirm " button :
Click to Enlarge
When a tub rolls by product that it needs the system stops the tub and starts blinking the confirm button beneath the product in the immediate area that needs to be put in the tub .
The display next to the confirm button will give the closest worker a readout of how many of that item are needed .
Click to Enlarge
Next to every stopped tub there is a similar button and readout combination , this time telling you how many of that product have to be put in the tub .
You may have two tubs roll by that both require the same motherboard , so while the counter by the motherboards will tell you that you need two , the displays by the two tubs will keep you from placing too many of the wrong item in one tub .
Click to Enlarge
Once everything is filled at this stop there 's one last confirm button to hit and then the tubs move along .
Newegg - The Green e-Tailer
Newegg 's rolling conveyer system has built in box recycling support :
Click to Enlarge
The tray suspended above the rolling conveyer ( pictured above ) is where the workers place empty boxes .
Workers on the floor above simply toss their boxes through the holes in the floor :
Click to Enlarge
The boxes are then sent down this chute where they are collected for recycling :
Click to Enlarge
As you can guess , Newegg goes through a lot of cardboard during their day to day .
They go through so much that they 've got their own compactor outside that compresses all of the recyclable cardboard together and prepares it for pickup .
Click to Enlarge
But back to your order ; the tub moves along until it is complete , once complete it drops down to the express line and goes directly to the end of the assembly line .
Click to Enlarge
The elevator down to the express lane is behind the tinted glass seen above .
The express lane itself is seen below :
Click to Enlarge
If you pay the $ 2.99 for express shipping then the system automatically allocates you a blue tub and wherever possible your tub gets priority :
Click to Enlarge
The Secure Area
While motherboards , optical drives and video cards are kept in the three stories of racks , the more expensive items like CPUs , memory and software are kept in a separate area that 's fenced in .
After all of the components from the picker area are placed into your tub , it rolls down a ramp towards the secure area :
Click to Enlarge
Here we are standing at the third level of the picker assembly line looking down upon the secure area :
Click to Enlarge
And after making our way down we find ourselves at one of the entrances to the secure area :
Click to Enlarge
It may not look like much , but what 's contained within is truly a tech enthusiast 's candy store .
Newegg keeps the processors segregated , all of the Intel CPUs were on our left , while all of the AMD CPUs were on our right .
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
While we were wandering around the CPU area we did manage to swipe a few processors for you .
The best we could do was a set of five Athlon 64 X2 4600 +
CPUs ; we 'll be giving one away each day from February 14 , 2006 through February 17 , 2006 and the final CPU will be given away on February 20th .
To enter to win just head over here and drop your email in the box , good luck :)
CPUs were n't the only things plentiful in the secure area ; there was also lots of memory on hand :
Click to Enlarge
Packing your Order and the Peanut Gun
With your order now complete , your tub heads down this high speed rolling conveyer but you will note that the conveyer has a row of metal links on the right side .
The purpose of these links is to push your tub into the appropriate ramp for boxing when the system tells it that one is free .
The picture below shows the metal links in action :
Click to Enlarge
After your tub is sent down the ramp , everything is removed from the tub , scanned and compared against your order .
Newegg 's system will not print a shipping label unless the items in your tub match the items you ordered .
With everything scanned and your label printed your items are boxed and then sent off to the peanut gun .
Click to Enlarge
The peanut gun is by far one of the coolest things in Newegg 's warehouse , and it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
An enormous vat of packaging peanuts is hung from the ceiling of the warehouse ( pictured above ) and individual guns dangle from it like cow udders ( pretty picture ) :
Click to Enlarge
The peanut gun itself is pretty simple ; you aim , squeeze the trigger and peanuts come out :
Click to Enlarge
With your valuables bubble wrapped and the box filled with peanuts , it 's handed off to the automatic taping machine .
That 's right , you hold the box shut and feed it into the machine that takes over and tapes it shut .
Click to Enlarge
The Automatic Box Maker
An automatic taping machine is n't the only time saver at work in Newegg 's warehouse , at the end of the production line there 's an automatic box maker that takes collapsed cardboard boxes and folds them into a box that 's ready for your order .
There 's a stack of collapsed boxes on an incline that feed the machine as you can see below :
Click to Enlarge
A set of four suction cups lunge at the first collapsed box attaching themselves to it and pull it out , thus expanding the box :
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
With the box fully expanded , the bottom flaps are folded in and the box is pushed along :
Click to Enlarge
After it 's done with one box , the machine resets itself and begins on the next :
Click to Enlarge
The automated box maker makes a lot of boxes :
Click to Enlarge
Between the picker , the extensive rolling conveyers , peanut guns , automatic box maker and taping machine things are bound to go wrong .
Just in case you were wondering , Newegg does keep a handful of spare parts for all of the machinery in their warehouse :
Click to Enlarge
Shipping and the UPS / FedEx Debate
With the box taped your order is now on the last leg of its trip through Newegg 's warehouse as it heads down the final set of rolling conveyers .
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
The metal crates and employees that you see below are all for Army Post Office and Fleet Post Office ( APO / FPO ) shipments to the US Military .
" Shipping to the US Military is requires extensive paperwork in comparison to our normal shipping operations , " says Howard Tong , Vice President of Newegg.com .
" Not many companies provide this service but we feel it's worth the extra effort to support our troops and our nation . "
Click to Enlarge
With your box packed , labeled and taped up it's off to shipping and it's in Newegg 's shipping that most of the recent controversy has been about .
Newegg 's default shipping is through UPS , although you can pay extra for FedEx .
Newegg used to be a FedEx shop by default , however recently FedEx significantly raised their rates , which Newegg passes directly onto their customers .
Newegg claims that the rate hike was an attempt by FedEx to discourage customers from shipping via 3 - day air , which loses money for FedEx , and instead choose FedEx ground which is profitable .
However FedEx Ground is n't as good as UPS ground , so the end result is frustrated FedEx 3 - day air customers that have to pay more , or customers forced out of pricing to go with UPS , which has n't always had the best track record .
In response to complaints about UPS VP Tong says , " We 're serious about providing our customers with the best service .
We 've taken the criticisms about UPS constructively and have greatly improved the situation .
However we 're always striving for perfection and always welcome further feedback . "
Click to Enlarge
With the truck loaded , it 's off to your delivery address .
As we mentioned at the start of this article , Newegg 's goal is to be able to have your shipment to you within 2 days of ordering it regardless of shipping method .
It 's not a guarantee , but rather an internal goal that they 've been striving for ever since their inception .
Final Words
There 's not much you can conclude about touring a warehouse like Newegg 's , there 's no buying recommendation , there are no roadmaps to talk about , or upgrade paths to plan out .
That being said , there are a couple things that we took away from the experience :
Quite possibly the most impressive part of the tour was the automated setup of the warehouse that Newegg 's logistics team lead by VP , Howard Tong designed .
Wherever possible the room for human error was minimized or completely removed , and the system itself is constantly learning from the way that Newegg 's customers shop to further optimize itself as time goes on .
The likelihood of your order getting damaged at Newegg 's warehouse is very slim from what we saw , everything is handled very carefully and wrapped very meticulously .
As we mentioned earlier , the potential for human error is as minimal as possible ; we can only imagine what the Newegg folks would do to their warehouse if they had a few capable robots .
The other very impressive aspect of the tour was exactly how clean the warehouse was .
While we would n't want to eat off the warehouse floor regardless how clean it was , we were quite impressed at how tidy the whole operation is .
From left to right : Howard Tong ( VP ) , Anand and Ken Lam ( Vice Chairman )
Given that the AnandTech readers were some of the most vocal in favor of Newegg in its early days , VP Howard Tong did have some nice things to say for you all :
" As you can see Anand , we put great effort into building a bulletproof infrastructure because we are committed to ensuring our customers have the best service .
Sure , you can find smaller companies that may be a dollar or so cheaper , but at Newegg we decided we wanted to give our customer the best experience every time , and that is why we must invest into advanced systems that other companies do not have .
We built all this with the customer specifically in mind .
Newegg has never before given the public this kind of exclusive look into its internal business proceses .
At Newegg we have always loved the AnandTech reader .
These are people whose deep love and understanding of technology help drive its innovation and advancement .
In appreciation for this passion we will always do our best to give our tech customers the best selection , prices and service . "
We hope this tour has been enjoyable and we'd like to thank Newegg for giving us the opportunity to present you with it .
Now head on over to the entry form and try to win those Athlon 64 X2 4600s .
WIRED on iPad : Just like a Paper Tiger …
First , the paper magazine was crammed into the little iPad frame .
In the form of a PNG slide show .
To compensate for the lack of interactive logic , this pretty package was provided with a fruity navigation .
In the end it was spiced with in - app links , plucked with a couple of movies , and salted with audio files ( “ interactive ” ) .
Then it was off to marketing .
And it sold 24,000 copies .
Dammit .
It ’s the Nineties all over again .
Update : I updated most of the examples to show the difference between InDesign and iPad .
I did so since many said that while they agree that it ’s not appropriate to just export designs from Indesign into an iPad app , they did n’t see the typographic issues ( it ’s actually one and the same argument ) .
The iPad examples are not 100 % fair as they ’re scaled down , enhanced contrast screen shots ( losing granularity ) , but since I cannot mimic a higher resolution on the computer screen , this was to only way to show what happens when you increase contrast and scale down the fonts to the perceived size .
If you want an appropriate comparison , you need to hold your iPad WIRED app next to the screen shots .
Good pictures speak for themselves .
But text is a different story .
It needs a lot of rhetoric skill and typographic care to do what it should : to communicate .
On the screen things become even more complicated .
While WIRED journalists and graphic designers are still at the top of their game , the typography and the interaction design of the iPad app does n’t come even close .
Here is a short , brutally honest rundown of how iA sees the new WIRED app .
One or Two Columns ?
Not a Matter of Taste
The iPad portrait mode allows for a nice column width with enough white space left and right .
The landscape offers even more white space .
Why not use it ?
In a medium with infinite vertical space there is no need to create dense multi column layouts .
Yes , multi-columns look classy - classic , but so do heavy black rotary telephones .
In practice , multi column article pages are as useful as heavy dial disc cellphones .
At half of the size and half of the resolution of a printed page , that is , at one quarter of the granularity of a printed page , you ’re playing a different game .
Columns for iPad article pages do n’t work , because :
They fragment the text body , cluttering and suffocating the notoriously small iPad screen
They force you to use small text sizes or disproportionally increase the number of line breaks , creating a nervous zig - zag reading path Breaking long text into disconnected page blocks , they complicate the overall orientation and interaction ( scrolling in article vs swiping between articles )
They require more hyphenation ; they generate big text holes or ugly ragging ; on a small canvas they do n’t save space , they waste it They force you into a paper metaphor and a defined page height
They create numerous “ what now ? ” moments
They complicate the mental navigation model :
For example , what happens if I scroll left on the second page of an article ?
Do I go to the second or the first page of the neighboring article ?
Let ’s make this clear once and for all : at the current surface and resolution of the iPad , multi column layouts for long screen texts are sentimental nonsense .
And the more columns you use , the worse it gets .
If you ca n’t see the beauty of screen - optimized typography that focuses on readability , instead of old standards based on lead and paper limits , at least make sure that you have enough gutter between the columns .
The column problem on the WIRED app is not limited to the article pages .
On some pages , column widths are so narrow that the text turns into a nerve - straining reading puzzle .
The following layout looks pretty , but I can’t read it without hearing the Benny Hill theme song as background music :
( The New York Times app has the same problem .
Five columns in landscape mode and three in portrait mode at a readable font size results in 3 - 5 words per line : this looks nostalgically aesthetic , but reads nervously like the fast , silly soundtrack of a 20 ’s slapstick movie .
The NYT app uses a scroll right card model for their articles , which creates other problems [ lots of dead ends ] ) .
Dear Paper Designer …
Fonts that work together well in print do n’t necessarily work on the screen , since the anti-aliasing makes them unstable and shaky .
I find this tweet by Hoefler + Frere - Jones quite ironic :
Congratulations to @sdadich and the Wired team for a great iPad app , and not only because it ’s chocked full of @H_FJ fonts !
Yes , indeed , “ it ’s chocked full of fonts ” .
But what makes type foundries happy does n’t necessarily make the reader happy .
Using non-screen fonts on the iPad is ( still ) a no - go unless you use them at massive sizes , ( which leads to other problems ) .
Font rendering on the iPad screen is a bitch .
And you need to deal with it if you expect people to read your content .
Generally speaking , mixing fonts is like writing long sentences .
Do n’t do it , unless you have full super - genius level control over what you do .
The bad news : on the iPad you do n’t have full control over the way fonts look , the resolution just trashes any delicacy .
The following font combination might work like a charm in print , and even be OK on the screen , but at iPad resolution / contrast the bold “ a grazing snail ” and “ eats a bird ” clash :
Ornament and Crime
You can not just transpose print candy to screen candy .
In print , graphic page ornaments are a matter of taste and brand .
On the screen they become confusing clutter .
On a small screen with the visual liberty of an old 640 × 480 display , graphic ornaments steal important screen estate ; due to the high pixel density the 1024 × 768 feels much smaller .
The bold , black iPad frame ( with the surface of half a magazine page ) creates a claustrophobic setup ; wasting space on things other than content or white space makes the room feel even smaller .
Navigation on an electronic device is not as automatic as flipping pages .
Every element on the screen that has no direct semantic or obvious structural character can be misunderstood as a navigational control .
Once the user learns it ’s mere candy , it will effectively be blanked out by the user ’s eye .
Once that happens , important navigational elements are blanked out as well and the whole app becomes one baroque carpet ( who would have thought that the words marked in yellow were in - app links ? ) .
Ad Integration
While I applaud the use of full screen ads and the absence of annoying banners in the content , the WIRED app also has some major problems with its current ad integration :
The editorial design looks nice but it is hard to discern from the advertising .
John Gruber , who for some reason still gives a thumbs up to the app , finds that “ … in many cases , especially with multi-page ads , there ’s no visual clue to tell you when there are more pages underneath the current one ” .
Every page requires a second or third glance to identify whether it ’s editorial content or advertisement .
Often you even need to scroll to confirm whether you are reading editorial content or ads ( which is not only a usability issue , but also a journalistic one ) .
Towards the end of the app I just could n’t be bothered anymore , and just flipped forward to the last page without reading .
Five bucks for a stack of flat graphics is a lot of money ( do n’t tell me plugging in movies , audio , and internal links qualifies as “ interactive ” ) .
If 75 % of those graphics are then ads , I start feeling like a fool .
I paid five bucks to look at a funny navigation for couple of ads with unreadable chunks of content ?
Seriously ?
I know Wired costs more than $ 5 to make ; there ’s inefficiency in their system .
Cooks Illustrated is ad - free , costs $ 7.95 ( and it ’s great . ) — @nevenmrgan
Most of the problems that I pointed out ( column width , font choices , ornaments , the paper metaphor ) , and many more ( unable to copy paste or zoom ) , seem to be a result of using InDesign , a layout program optimized for paper designs .
Steve Jobs was Right ( again )
We should use original tools to create iPad apps , not because Steve Jobs said so , but because these tools create products with flesh and bone .
We need them to get an understanding of the purpose , the potential , and the limits of the iPad technology .
So should WIRED care ?
After all they sold 24,000 apps and iA ’s apps are not even out yet ( and who knows what our clients are planning with those columns ! ) .
Now , while WIRED might have more money on the launch day than our apps ever will , I am still very pessimistic about long term sales .
The WIRED app launch success does n’t come as a surprise .
It ’s the result of brand blindness by the reader ( “ It ’s WIRED , it looks like WIRED , so it must be WIRED good ” ) , and wishful thinking by the journalist audience , perfectly summed up in Adobe ’s 90 ’s marketing bullshit language :
The future of magazines is now
No , it ’s not .
The future is never now .
And the future of journalism is definitely not a stack of banners spiced with videos , exported from a paper layout program .
You need to try harder .
Update # 1 : Jonathan Hoefler ’s Comments
The quotes are the parts of the above article he refers to , his comments start with as “ JH : ” ( Jonathan Hoefler ) , my replies to his comments are referenced as “ OR : ” ( Oliver Reichenstein ) :
Using non-screen fonts on the iPad is ( still ) a no - go unless you use them at massive sizes , ( which leads to other problems ) .
JH : The text face that we designed for the Wired iPad app was specifically designed with screen resolution in mind , and these were tested against the device - resident fonts Georgia and Verdana , as well as the also - non - screen - fonts Times , Helvetica , and Arial .
Our text face , Exchange - ScreenSmart , won the lottery by being most legible on screen .
OR : The Exchange - ScreenSmart is , when seen on a regular screen , truly a masterwork .
I am sure that — as most fonts we have been working with since starting to design for iPad — would be even more beautiful if properly rendered on the iPad ( it ’s crazy how well Minion renders on the iPad ) .
Font rendering on the iPad screen is a bitch .
JH : Personally I disagree — we ’re testing all of our screen - optimized fonts on both desktop platforms and the iPad , and the iPad ’s rendering ( especially in - browser rendering ) is demonstrably superior to even Safari 4 for Macintosh .
But this is a discussion for another day , since all the fonts on the Wired app were rendered on a desktop platform , and provisioned to the app in the form of flat PNG files .
The Wired app does not use the iPad ’s rendering software at all .
OR : The problem is that one can simply not see that on the iPad since they ’re all flat files .
Which is a terrible waste given all the good work you have done .
By “ rendering ” I did n’t mean that the iPad renders worse than OSX , I meant that the iPad resolution is a bitch in comparison to print ( where there is no rendering ) .
As you said , this is a different discussion , but the idea that you can render in InDesign and get a good result on iPad is , in my eyes , a terrible mistake .
It is also a terrible mistake to put a print designer in charge of an iPad app .
As Erik Spiekermann said : “ iPad is not iPaper ” , it has more or less 1/4th of the granularity .
Who would use columns on a quarter of a magazine page ?
Generally speaking , mixing fonts is like writing long sentences .
Do n’t do it , unless you have full super - genius level control over what you do .
JH : The Wired iPad app was art directed by Scott Dadich , who among other things is a three - time winner of the National Magazine Award .
So I ’d like to think the designer qualifies as “ super - genius ” — though , perhaps you ’re talking about the rendering technology ?
If so , it might interest you to know that the composition of these pages was done in InDesign CS5 , which certainly as sophisticated a degree of typographic control as any application on the market .
( Are there better ones ? )
OR : Scott is a super genius when it comes to paper design .
But screen design is a totally different beast .
Funnily enough , his pages look pretty good on a regular screen , with a lower contrast screen and without that black frame .
On the iPad ( with different contrast and resolution ) they fall apart .
Again :
You just ca n’t design iPad apps in InDesign and export them as flat files .
That ’s nothing short of amateurish .
( Sorry , Scott ! ) .
The main issues I have are not so much micro typography ( I am an amateur there myself ) but macro typography and interaction design .
This is where the WIRED iPad app falls apart as a vain slide show .
The bad news : on the iPad you do n’t have full control over the way fonts look , the resolution just trashes any delicacy .
JH : Perhaps I misunderstand your point , but this sounds like a general criticism of reading fonts on screen , no ?
In any case , I ’m not sure which of the fonts in the Wired iPad app you felt were “ delicate ” — the palette includes our Vitesse , Tungsten , and Gotham Rounded families , as well as a few unpublished designs ( Exchange and Forza ) that are five of the least delicate typefaces we ’ve ever produced .
OR : You misunderstood .
If you start reading through our site you will notice that , in fact , the contrary is the case .
My point is that a paper designer has per definition more typographic playroom because of the much higher granularity ; he can do things that screen designers just can’t .
I clarified the screenshots in the text to make my point more clear :
You ca n’t put Ultra Black next to an ultra light type on a colored background in a strong light contrast environment such as the iPad .
You can in print ( if you ’re a super genius like Scott ) .
But the iPad is too rough a matrix to pull such tricks .
BTW : Some of the problems are not obvious on a computer screen .
Since the iPad slides are made on a regular screen they actually work much better here than on the iPad .
JH : I hope you do n’t think that I ’d have commented favorably on the app merely because it used a lot of our fonts .
Plenty of designers and organizations license lots of fonts from us , and if you ’re a regular follower of either H& FJ ’s blog or our Twitter stream , you ’ll know that I ’m rarely moved to praise any designer ’s work .
My tweet really did attempt to offer the perspective of a reader , not a vendor ; I just mentioned that Wired was a client in the interest of full disclosure .
OR : I totally understand that and I am very happy we were both able to clear all this up for everybody .
Let me just add one more thing since you do n’t seem familiar with our work .
We have been working on several iPad designs since January ( among others , two pretty big newspapers and a text editor ) .
Of course , we have tried different fonts , sizes , contrasts , backgrounds back and forth to oblivion .
In other words , we are not trash - talking bloggers , but people that put their head on the block with such articles .
Once our stuff comes out we will have to prove that we can do better — or run right into a big hammer .
If you want to , I ’d be happy to show you some of our work ( after checking back with our clients —
I ’d be surprised if they said no to such an excellent opportunity ) .
I hope that cleared most misunderstandings up .
If you want to continue the conversation , I ’d be happy to update the article .
But let ’s continue on Monday .
My family needs me on the weekend . 🙂
Update # 2 : Khoi on Column Width in NYT Editor ’s Choice
Khoi Vinh ( creative director of the New York Times Online ) on the column width ( measure ) in NYT Editor ’s Choice reacting to my claim that “ 3–5 words per line is not how it works ” .
Please read the whole Flickr thread for context .
KV : [… ]
Oliver , as for your original criticism that 3 – 5 words per line is “ not the way it ’s done ” , can you elaborate as to why you feel that is ?
Shorter line measures like this are very often easier to read than longer measures , which makes this layout , for me , quite preferable to many other article layouts ( in apps and blogs ) .
I acknowledge that the lack of true hyphenation and justification control makes this particular execution less than ideal ( and that could be a legitimate case against it ) , but for me , this works very well , and I think lots of our users would agree .
OR : Even though my Swiss English might sound kind of harsh , I try to not rely on my feelings when I make such bold claims .
It is a matter that I have researched at length when building my case for relative readability and bigger body text fonts back in 2006 / 2007 .
At a reading distance of 30 cm , the rules of thumb for long body text measure known to me are :
Ruder : “ something around 50 –60 characters ( depends a little bit on the language ) ” Ruder on measure , Example of too tight , good and too narrow a measure
Müller - Brockmann : 7–10 words , Brockmann on measure
Some say two to three alphabets , some say 45 – 70 characters
From The Elements of Typographic Style : “ Anything from 45 to 75 characters is widely regarded as a satisfactory length of line for a single - column page set in a serifed text face in a text size .
The 66 - character line ( counting both letters and spaces ) is widely regarded as ideal .
For multiple column work , a better average is 40 to 50 characters . ”
All these rules gravitate around 50 characters .
If you increase the reading distance ( which is often the case with the iPad , since you happen to hold it on your lap and not with bent arms ) you either have to increase the font size or the line width .
That you do n’t have hyphenation is indeed not a minor issue :
It makes things much worse as you get a ragged text that makes it impossible to discern where a paragraph ends .
To fix that you guys chose to indent the text which makes the initial line of a paragraph even tighter ( you can not use a line break in between ) .
( Have you checked whether the line height inconsistencies come from the indent ? )
That you do n’t have justification is ( like you said ) another major issue .
Newspapers have tighter columns because they need to feature more information on a defined space because of paper costs ( and because of the big paper sheet dimensions ) .
They can go for the lower end of column width because they have a lot of control over the text ( hyphenation and justification ) .
But we have neither the space problem nor the control .
Now you know that I greatly respect you .
I cite you all the time when it comes to explaining the difference between web and print design ( control , granularity ) .
As a matter of fact , when my clients asked me why I am against columns and I usually say that I cannot imagine that you did this but the paper department ( which is a situation I know very well since with my newspaper clients it is also the paper department that is in charge ) .
So I hope that you will see this discussion in this context .
The main issue I have with columns though are not the typographic problems .
My first main issue is that they force us to use a card model , that in turn forces us to
Use a defined screen height , which Narrows the liberty of using the touchscreen estate vertically , and Forces a lot of swipe interaction ( instead of scrolling & swiping ) .
Secondly , they complicate the orientation between the text blocks as soon as you use pictures in your layout , forcing the reader to find out where the text continues on a conscious level .
As you can see , I am pretty sure about this , and really curious to hear your answer .
( I hope you will see this debate in the context of your article on critique ) .
Here 's the latest look at the spillcam .
Hopefully there 's more it 's capable of accomplishing once the top hat is fully engaged , but if this is how it looks in any way from now until August , you have to figure that everything 's really scrwed .
The oldest known written record previously found in Jerusalem was a tablet found in the Shiloah water tunnel in the City of David area from the 8th century B.C. reign of King Hezekiah .
The fragment found in Jerusalem is believed to be contemporary with some 380 tablets discovered in the 19th century at Amarna in Egypt in the archives of Pharaoh Amenhotep IV , or Akhenaten , who lived in the 14th century B C The archives include tablets sent to him by the kings who were subservient to him in Canaan and Syria .
Among these are six that are addressed from Abdi-Heba , the Canaanite ruler of Jerusalem .
A Wyoming man was accused of posing online as his former girlfriend and soliciting someone to act out a violent sexual fantasy .
The advertisement appeared on Craigslist in December 2009 .
" Need a real aggressive man with no concern for women , " read the posting on the Internet classified advertising forum .
Its purported author was a Casper , Wyo. , woman , whose photo also was posted .
One week later , a man accepted the offer , forcing his way into the woman 's home , tying her up and raping her at knifepoint .
" I 'll show you aggressive , " he allegedly said , according to court testimony .
In fact , the woman had nothing to do with the ad .
Instead , a former boyfriend had posted it , soliciting her assault .
Actually , Jebidiah James Stipe , 27 , posed as his ex-girlfriend and placed the ad seeking an aggressive man .
Two days later , she spotted it and contacted the Natrona County Sheriff 's Office , as well as Craigslist , which took down the ad .
But Ty Oliver McDowell , 26 , had allegedly already seen it .
He e-mailed the address listed in the ad and told authorities that he and the woman exchanged instant messages , and she described what she wanted -- " humiliation , physical abuse , sexual abuse , " -- and gave him her home address .
Only he was in fact communicating with Stipe .
According to McDowell he thought he was fulfilling her rape fantasy .
He was arrested and charged with first - degree sexual assault , aggravated kidnapping and aggravated burglary .
Stipe was also arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit first - degree sexual assault .
The Chosen Four by Darrow - Straight from the mouth of a bee with big eyebrows comes a tale of courage , friendship , and the kind of silliness that will have you rolling on the floor !
Will Giygas prevail or will the world 's last hope band together and strike this intergalactic foe down ?
It all rests ... upon the Chosen Four !
Can Jonathan Jansen succeed where Mandela failed ?
BLOEMFONTEIN , SOUTH AFRICA —
It was as clear as the film ’s most famous scene :
The work of reconciliation in South Africa is not done yet .
In February 2008 , a video appeared online showing four white students from South Africa ’s University of the Free State ( UFS ) hazing their black janitors as if they were new freshmen .
There ’s a beer - drinking contest , a footrace to “ Chariots of Fire . ”
Near the end , the boys appear to pee into bowls of stew and urge the janitors to eat up .
It was supposed to be an in - house joke , a protest against a plan to integrate their dorm , a student residence called Reitz .
But one of the Reitz boys gave it to his girlfriend , then dumped her -- that classic error of the Internet age -- and she vengefully posted it on YouTube , where it drew one million viewers .
For months , South Africa could n’t look away .
It was the same urge we have to touch a bruise even though it hurts .
The video seemed like a flare - up indicating a deeper national disease .
It may be hard to hear over the World Cup plastic trumpets , but there are whispers here that the aftermath of apartheid is n’t working out as planned .
Clint Eastwood ’s recent movie Invictusreintroduced Americans to the South Africa that was supposed to be : Mandela , played by Morgan Freeman , walks onto the field in front of a virtually all - white crowd at the 1995 Rugby World Cup in Johannesburg -- a year after South Africa ’s first democratic election -- wearing the green - and - gold jersey of the team that had long symbolized Afrikaner aggression and power , figuratively embracing his former jailers and establishing the template for national unity .
But the reality looks a little different .
The weekend Invictus opened on some 2,000 screens , the 29 - year - old heir apparent to Mandela ’s African National Congress , Julius Malema , sent a text message to the country ’s foremost liberal white politician that read , “ Wait until you see what is coming your direction . ”
It ’s strange , since they grew up without apartheid , but young South Africans seem to be growing more conscious of race as time goes on , not less .
White kids are reclaiming “ kaffir , ” a derogatory term for black people , and circulating the theory that , on the day Mandela dies , blacks will rise up and kill the whites in an auto - da - fé already named the “ Night of the Long Knives . ”
Meanwhile , Malema ’s taste for Moët - drenched parties and cryptic sayings -- “ Do n’t come here with that white tendency , ” “ This is not America , it ’s Africa , ” “ Go out , you bloody agent ” - call to mind less Mandela and more Robert Mugabe .
Like the rest of the country , UFS was , for a few golden years after the fall of apartheid , an outward success story .
The Free State , a province of huge Montana skies and dust and cattle , got its name from early Afrikaner settlers who left Cape Town to set up their independent nation , and the university , located in the regional capital of Bloemfontein , did n’t enroll its first black undergraduate until 1988 .
But , by 1992 , the number of black students had begun to double every year , and , soon , the school was winning a reputation for successfully navigating the post - apartheid world .
“ Everybody else was talking about us , that we were dealing with race so well , ” says Billyboy Ramahlele , a black liberation activist who joined the senior staff in 1994 and is now UFS ’s diversity director .
Blacks began to move into the white dorms en masse , and Ramahlele designed a student parliament to give the students a chance to practice the techniques of multiracial cooperative self - governance .
Mandela came to campus to declare UFS the very model of post - racial transformation .
But , behind the scenes , the students were finding it harder and harder to live together .
In one dorm , residents hammered up plywood between black and white corridors and labeled it “ emergency exit . ”
By the turn of the millennium , the dorms had become completely segregated .
Sometimes , administrators called them “ cultural houses , ” but even they knew they were kidding themselves .
The emergence of the Reitz video seemed to represent the culmination of a slow backward slide .
House Democrats have reached an agreement with the National Rifle Association on campaign finance legislation that would roll back the Citizens United decision .
Dems close to campaign finance deal
House Democrats have offered to exempt the National Rifle Association from a sweeping campaign - finance bill , removing a major obstacle in the push to roll back the Supreme Court ’s Citizens United ruling .
The NRA had objected to some of the strict financial disclosure provisions that Democrats have proposed for corporations and politically active nonprofits and that had kept moderate , pro-gun Democrats from backing the legislation .
Advertisement
But if the NRA signs off on the deal , the bill could come to the House floor as early as this week .
The NRA said it would not comment until specific legislative language is revealed .
An NRA official also noted that the group would not be supporting the bill but would not actively oppose it if the deal with the Democratic leadership holds up .
The legislation in question is designed to restore more campaign finance rules in the wake of last year ’s Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission decision , which removed prohibitions on corporations and unions running TV ads opposing or backing candidates in the run-up to an election .
Democratic leaders fear the Citizens United decision could open the floodgates for corporate money to flow into this year ’s midterm elections , which they believe would favor Republican interests .
The legislation , offered by Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , would require special - interest groups to disclose their top donors if they choose to run TV ads or send out mass mailings in the final months of an election .
Democrats are justifying the NRA exemption , saying the organization has a long history of being involved in the political process , and they say the real goal of the new campaign finance bill is to expose corporations and unions that create ambiguous front groups to run attack ads during campaigns .
Unions would not be allowed to use the NRA exemption .
North Carolina Rep. Heath Shuler , an NRA backer and conservative Democrat , proved to be pivotal to the NRA deal .
Shuler was the first to offer an amendment to exempt the NRA and other nonprofits from the legislation , but that move drew objections from campaign watchdog groups .
“ There were a number of concerns that the DISCLOSE Act could hinder or penalize the efforts of certain long - standing , member - driven organizations who have historically acted in good faith , ” Shuler said , referring to the NRA .
“ Most of those concerns are addressed within the manager ’s amendment . ”
The proposal would exempt organizations that have more than 1 million members , have been in existence for more than 10 years , have members in all 50 states and raise 15 percent or less of their funds from corporations .
Democrats say the new language would apply to only the NRA , since no other organization would qualify under these specific provisions .
The NRA , with 4 million members , will not actively oppose the DISCLOSE Act , according to Democratic sources .
The exemption for a huge group like the NRA is sure to outrage smaller special - interest groups .
Even if this deal represents a breakthrough for key House Democrats , there still is n’t much support from Republicans or Big Business .
The Chamber of Commerce still opposes the legislation , and it ’s not clear that the Senate will take it up even if the House passes it .
“ This legislation is a threat to the First Amendment rights of businesses across the country .
It represents a significant departure from past campaign - finance legislation , which sought to treat unions and corporations comparably and was framed in a genuinely bipartisan manner , ” the Chamber and more than 100 other trade associations wrote in a May 27 letter sent to lawmakers .
House Republicans have largely opposed the DISCLOSE
Act as well , seeing it as an attempt by Democrats to use the legislation to retain their majority .
Only two Republicans — Reps. Mike Castle of Delaware and Walter Jones of North Carolina — have signed on as co-sponsors of the bill .
By comparison , 114 Democrats are currently listed as co-sponsors .
“ This bill is both a smoke screen to adopt still more restrictions on political speech in the name of ‘ reform ’ and an attempt to use Citizens United as a smoke screen to stifle criticism of Democrats in order to help their candidates retain office in the 2010 election , ” Reps . Dan Lungren ( R - Calif . ) , Kevin McCarthy ( R - Calif . ) and Gregg Harper ( R - Miss . ) wrote in a response to the bill when it was before the House Administration Committee .
A similar bill authored by Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) has been referred to the Senate Rules and Administration Committee — which Schumer chairs — but no action has been taken on it yet .
The legislation would also ban “ electioneering activity ” by government contractors or those companies that received Troubled Asset Relief Program funds ; prohibit foreign - owned companies from engaging in political activities ; and require corporations , unions and other nonprofits to provide a list of their top five funders when running TV ads or other campaign activities .
Read the full report ( pdf )
Download the executive summary ( pdf )
Download the report to mobile devices and e-readers from Scribd
Event : Doing What Works conference
Read also : The Generation Gap on Government : Why and How the Millennial Generation Is the Most Pro-Government Generation and What This Means for Our Future
Video : The Public Opinion Paradox
Public confidence in government is at an all - time low , according to a major new survey commissioned by the Center for American Progress .
And yet clear majorities of Americans of all ages want and expect more federal involvement in priority areas such as energy , poverty , and education , the poll found .
The key lesson embedded in these seemingly paradoxical results :
Americans want a federal government that is better , not smaller .
CAP ’s new research shows people would rather improve government performance than reduce its size .
And they are extremely receptive to reform efforts that would eliminate inefficient government programs , implement performance - based policy decisions , and adopt modern management methods and information technologies .
The May survey of 2,523 adults conducted by Hart Research Associates found that public lack of confidence in government ’s ability to solve problems is more closely related to perceptions of government performance than it is a function of partisan affiliation or political ideology .
A majority of respondents indicated they would be more likely to support political candidates who embrace a reform agenda of improving government performance , effectiveness , and efficiency .
While recession - fueled record low levels of confidence are sobering , the broader lesson for policymakers is that a better - run government will increase public confidence in public institutions .
That , in turn , should expand public support for smart government solutions to pressing social problems .
Specifically , the survey found substantial support , especially among the younger generation and minorities but also among independents , moderates , and unlikely constituencies like Republicans and Tea Party supporters , for a government reform plan organized around three core elements :
Eliminating inefficient programs and redirecting support to the most cost - efficient programs
Carefully evaluating the performance of individual programs and agencies , and making that information available to the public
Using more modern management methods and information technologies
Doing What Works a winner with Americans
What distinguishes this study from other inquiries into public attitudes toward government is a focus on understanding how Americans want government to change .
The survey finds a surprisingly high level of confidence that government effective - ness can be improved — poor performance in the public sector is not inevitable , Americans say — and a powerful commitment to realizing that potential for better government .
More specifically , the survey gauges public reaction to CAP ’s “ Doing What Works ” plan for improving federal government performance .
The public responds positively to all three of our core reform elements : Eliminating wasteful programs
Measuring performance more precisely
Modernizing government management
Despite the opportunity this new research presents , it also underscores the challenge of overcoming public skepticism of government competence today .
Negative feelings toward the government are ascendant in the public mind , and significantly outweigh positive attitudes .
Measures of trust in government have declined in recent years , while unfavorable feelings have risen .
At a time when so many pressing national problems appear to demand redress from the public sector , the general public appears reluctant to allow stronger government actions .
The conventional interpretation of the recent negative shift in public sentiment toward the federal government is that it reflects an ideological rejection of “ big government . ”
This survey , however , reveals that Americans have not significantly changed their opinion of government ’s role .
Indeed , clear majorities want more federal government involvement in priority areas , and they expect government ’s role in improving people ’s lives to grow rather than shrink in importance in the years ahead .
Rather than a rejection of big government , the survey reveals a rejection of incompetent government .
The government receives mediocre to poor performance ratings from the public both in terms of how effective it is and how well it is managed .
There is a widespread belief that government spends their tax dollars inefficiently , and the survey explores these perceptions of “ wasteful spending ” in significant depth .
Improving these perceptions , we find , is a central challenge for reform efforts .
The message to politicians and policymakers is clear .
Government will not regain the public trust unless it earns it .
And earning it means spending taxpayer money more carefully — and doing what works .
Read the full report ( pdf )
Download the executive summary ( pdf )
Download the report to mobile devices and e-readers from Scribd
Event : Doing What Works conference
Read also :
The Generation Gap on Government : Why and How the Millennial Generation Is the Most Pro-Government Generation and What This Means for Our Future
Video : The Public Opinion Paradox
Get ready for the second round of “ Meet Rand Paul ” on the cable news shows .
Just a few weeks after the Kentucky Senatorial candidate was accused of being too Libertarian after criticizing the Civil Rights Act , his opponent , Jack Conway , is now claiming he ’s not Libertarian enough .
The charge ?
Paul , who strongly opposes government handouts , receives a large amount of Medicare and Medicaid payments from his ophthalmology practice .
These are pretty damning accusations .
If there ’s anything in politics that ’s worse than being called a racist , it ’s being called a hypocrite .
From the Associated Press :
His campaign has said about half of Paul ’s medical income in Bowling Green has come from Medicare and Medicaid payments — which it says is in line with the average for eye doctors around the country .
Since 2005 , Paul has received slightly more than $ 130,000 in Medicaid funds , about one - third of the amount he billed the program , according to the Kentucky cabinet that administers the state - federal health insurance program for the poor and disabled .
As for the exact figures on his Medicare payments , those are unclear as Paul and his campaign have refused to disclose them .
This refusal has worked as even more ammunition from the Conway team .
So , is this a fair criticism ?
A little bit , yeah .
The problem is , Libertarianism is a tough ideal to hold to , especially when you run a medical office that caters primarily to the elderly .
From the Associated Press :
“ Paul campaign manager Jesse Benton defended Paul ’s acceptance of Medicare and Medicaid payments , saying that to shun the two health care programs would “ penalize his older patients or his poor patients . ”
Paul said he sees patients who rely on the government programs , private insurance or who pay for their own care .
‘ I do n’t discriminate in my practice , and though I ’d prefer to have less government intervention in … medicine , I put my patients first in this matter , ’ the Republican said .
‘ My medical practice has never been about any ideology or running for office . ' ”
So , will this hurt Paul ?
Maybe .
The deciding factor will probably be all of the Libertarians who stood by him during the Civil Rights brouhaha .
If they feel let down he might be in trouble .
It ’s clear though that he ’ll be spending a lot of time in front the TV cameras this week .
Just do n’t expect to see him on MSNBC .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
This article was written by the Hon. Tony Clement ( P.C ) , Member of Parliament for Parry Sound - Muskoka , it appeared in La Presse ( en Francais ) .
Do you believe that the government should be asking you what time you leave for work in the morning ?
Whether your house needs renovations ?
Or how many bedrooms you have ?
What if you discovered that the federal government requires Canadians to divulge this private information under the threat of fines or jail time , only to turn around and sell it to marketing firms looking to sell you their products ?
Until recently , this was the case in Canada .
Every five years the federal government conducts a national census .
It is made up of two parts — the short - form and the long - form .
The short - form census is a mandatory eight - question survey .
It is sent to all Canadians and asks questions such as date of birth , gender , marital status and mother tongue .
The long - form census is a 47 - question survey sent to 20 per cent of households .
It asks a number of personal and intrusive questions such as the number of bedrooms in your house , and the size of your utility bill .
Until last month , completion of the long - form census was mandatory .
Canadians who refused to fill it out risked prosecution .
During the last census the long - form portion was sent to approximately 2.5 million households .
More than 160,000 Canadian refused to fill it out , a five - fold increase over 1981 .
More than sixty of those who refused were referred by the government for prosecution .
There are some people , including the leader of the Liberal party , Michael Ignatieff , who believe that Canadians should be forced to divulge intimate , private details about their personal lives to the federal government .
We disagree .
We believe Canadians should be free to choose whether they share the private details of their lives with federal government .
Acting on this belief , the government recently announced that the long - form version of the 2011 Census will be voluntary .
Canadians will still be required to complete the standard short - form census that provides basic , necessary information that every government needs .
The only substantive change is that the long - form will now be voluntary .
Statistics Canada will continue to conduct and oversee the census process .
And its employees will maintain the same rigorous methods and standards used for all of its surveys .
We believe this new approach strikes a fair and reasonable balance between ensuring the federal government has the basic information every government requires , and protecting the privacy of Canadian citizens .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Egyptian archaeologists on Thursday unveiled a newly - unearthed double tomb with vivid wall paintings in the ancient necropolis of Saqqara near Cairo , saying it could be the start for uncovering a vast cemetery in the area .
The tomb includes two false doors with colorful paintings depicting the two people buried there , a father and a son who served as heads of the royal scribes , said Abdel - Hakim Karar , a top archaeologist at Saqqara .
"
The colors of the false door are fresh as if it was painted yesterday , " Karar told reporters .
Humidity had destroyed the sarcophagus of the father , Shendwas , while the tomb of the son , Khonsu , was robbed in antiquity , he said .
Also insribed on the father 's false door was the name of Pepi II , whose 90 - year reign is believed to be the longest of the pharaohs .
The inscription dates the double tomb to the 6th dynasty , which marked the beginning of the decline of the Old Kingdom , also known as the age of pyramids .
Egypt 's antiquities chief , Zahi Hawass , said the new finds were " the most distinguished tombs ever found from the Old Kingdom , " because of their " amazing colors . "
He said the area , if excavated , could unveil the largest cemetery of ancient Egypt .
The paintings on the false doors identified Shendwas and Khonsu as royal scribes and " supervisors of the mission , " meaning they were in charge of delegations overseeing the supply of materials used for pyramids construction .
A single shaft from the surface led down to the father 's tomb , from which a side passage led to that of the son , with the false door with paintings of Khonsu in front of an offering table .
Hawass pointed to a handful of duck - shaped artifacts and a small obelisk made of limestone .
Such obelisks were often buried with the dead in the 5th and 6th dynasties to show their veneration for the sun god , Ra .
" These artifacts were found at the end of the burial shaft , at 18 meters ( yards ) depth , but we covered it up , " Hawass told reporters .
Karar said that so far six tombs dating back to the end of the Old Kingdom have been unearthed since digging in the area three began three years ago .
Work started on the double tomb five weeks ago .
The tombs lie just west of Saqqara 's most famed pyramid , the Step Pyramid of King Djoser , which is surrounded by a large burial ground , contain tombs from Egypt 's earliest history up through Roman times .
Unfortunately , as we all learned from watching children 's cartoons , taking shortcuts can lead to a hilarious comedy of errors .
And diabetes .
Healthy foods , like reality show stars , tend to be both high - maintenance and tasteless .
As lazy and spoiled people , we try to find any shortcuts we can to eating healthy without having to prepare fresh food or eat tofu .
8 " Vitamin Waters "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The two biggest players in the " vitamin water " game are the original Vitamin Water , owned by Coke , and Sobe Life Water , owned by Pepsi , which should start to raise the red flags right there .
There are a bunch of other drinks playing the same game , with their light to clear colors and healthy sounding names that make it sound like they are plain old water with some nutrients added .
Which is true , if you consider eight teaspoons of sugar a nutrient .
Al Pacino takes his daily vitamin supplement .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Vitamin Water and Life Water both contain 32.5 grams of sugar per bottle , so you might as well hydrate after a workout by drinking a bottle of water and tossing a full sized Snickers ( 30 grams of sugar ) down your throat .
But hey , at least that 's half a Snickers less than a can of Coke , so really it might as well be water .
There are low calorie versions out there , like Vitamin Water 10 , but it still has to appeal to their customer base : people who refuse to drink anything that is n't sweet , even their daily vitamins .
" Man , if only these came in doughnut form . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That means you 're trading sugar for artificial sweeteners , and experts say that 's a bad idea from multiple angles .
Those sweeteners have some possible long - term side effects and might even trick your body into slowing down its metabolism , causing you to actually gain more weight than if you were on the regular stuff .
But maybe your particular brand uses stevia , the trendy natural sugar substitute .
Well , you should know it might even be more controversial than artificial sweeteners and has been banned in the EU .
Basically , you name a sugar substitute , and we 'll name you an organ failure or type of cancer .
Here ’s a little paradox .
Suppose we propose to meet for a drink at The Passenger after work , and I tell you that it ’s on 7th just above Massachusetts Ave in Northwest .
Perhaps being acquainted with my spotty geographic instincts , you ask if I ’m certain .
And of course I am , I go there after work often , and just to humor you I ’ll double check it on my phone — I ’m absolutely certain .
Or perhaps , out of an excess of caution , I say that at any rate I ’m about as sure as I can be about anything — call it 99 percent sure .
Alternatively , we can imagine it ’s been a while , and I ’m really only 70 percent sure — but at any rate , sure enough to assert it with some confidence while allowing that I might , of course , be mistaken .
After a few drinks at the bar — because really , when else would this happen ? — you bring up that old Philosophy 101 chestnut :
How can I be sure I ’m not a brain in a vat , inhabiting an elaborate Matrix - style simulated world ?
That I have n’t always been ?
Even that I ’m not a simulated intelligence brought into existence mere moments ago , with a suite of false memories pre-installed , including the memory of saying earlier that I was sure about the bar ’s location , and all the supporting memories of having been here before ?
I ’d have to allow that I ca n’t rule out the possibility .
Not only that , I ca n’t even meaningfully tell you how confident I am — 90 percent ?
50 ? 10 ?— that none of these is the case .
The way the question is framed , nothing in my experience could really count as evidence either way .
I do n’t , in practice worry about these things —
I take it pretty much for granted that I have a certain real history that ’s taken place a real external world .
But if you force me to focus on the question , to bring this background assumption into the foreground by framing it explicitly , I have to admit it ca n’t itself be justified .
My attitude toward it — for the purposes of our discussion , if not in everyday life — must be one of radical uncertainty .
It ’s not just that I ca n’t be certain , it ’s that I ca n’t meaningfully assign any particular level of confidence to the belief .
It is — I might say if I wanted to be a bit Fancy Town about it — intrinsically unknowable .
Aha !
you say .
How can I be absolutely certain The Passenger is on 7th Street — or 99 percent sure , or even 60 percent — if I ca n’t even be certain I or the bar or 7th Street or my memories of them are real at all ?
Does n’t that radical uncertainty affect every belief I have about the world ?
Must n’t I be radically uncertain , too , about where the bar is ?
It ’s a cute dorm room puzzle , but the answer is that of course I need not be , because these are questions at very different levels .
When I say I am confident about the bar ’s location , I ’m not talking metaphysics .
My assignments of confidence to beliefs are , we might say , local — they ’re internal to a system of reasoning and other beliefs that collectively are the grounds for asserting or denying any particular proposition .
The brain - in - a - vat question , and variants where my capacity for making or identifying logically valid inferences has been manipulated , are non-local .
To be sure , we can imagine things that would count as evidence that the brain - in - a - vat hypothesis is true after all .
Maybe some stylish superpeople in mirrored shades and leather trenchcoats release me from my vat .
But of course , the question could still be posed — perhaps with more practical urgency !— in the world into which I ’d been released .
Until then , at any rate , I at least have no internal reason to think I need to take this abstract possibility very seriously .
So it would seem odd to declare myself “ agnostic ” when it comes to garden variety propositions about where bars are located or who won the latest World Cup match .
With that in mind , it should be clear what ’s wrong with this Slate essay by Ron Rosenbaum clucking its tongue at the so - called New Atheists and calling for a more humble New Agnosticism :
Faith - based atheism ?
Yes , alas .
Atheists display a credulous and childlike faith , worship a certainty as yet unsupported by evidence — the certainty that they can or will be able to explain how and why the universe came into existence .
( And some of them can behave as intolerantly to heretics who deviate from their unproven orthodoxy as the most unbending religious Inquisitor . )
There are a couple claims at issue here , and throughout the piece .
One is just the commonplace observation that Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris &c. can come across as arrogant jerks , which is fair enough , but then , who else is going to really proselytize for the absence of a belief ?
It ’s like starting a non-chess - players club ; plenty of people fit the membership requirements , but only those with an active hostility to the game are going to feel the need to make a point of joining .
In any event , this is at most an observation about a particular group of people ; it does n’t have much to do with the soundness of an atheist position as such .
The real argument is a variant on the familiar point that , of course , you ca n’t prove with mathematical certainty that there is n’t a God , supposedly making atheism ( at least ) as unsupportable a position as theism .
But then , are there many self - identified atheists who would really pretend to such apodictic certainty ?
Believers sometimes claim proudly to have access to some kind of special revelation that obliterates the possibility of error .
But when I say that I think there is no God , I do n’t mean anything so grandiose .
I mean just that I see no good reason to think that there is , and that all the various stories told about deities appear to me equally likely to be mythical .
I do n’t believe in basilisks or psychic powers either — probably neither do most religious believers — but few of us , on reflection , would be so bold as to say this is a belief we are absolutely certain about .
It ’s possible we could be mistaken , even if the possibility seems too remote to bother much about or , indeed , take all that seriously .
Presumably , Rosenbaum gets this much .
We do not declare ourselves basilisk agnostics just because we have to admit we could possibly be mistaken .
We just say , without qualification , that we do n’t believe in basilisks , with the implicit understanding that , of course , one might always be wrong .
If that ’s all “ agnosticism ” added , it would indeed be little more than what Rosenbaum calls “ polite atheism ” ; an agnostic here would for practical purposes be an operational atheist who makes a point of saying “ but I may be wrong ” a little more frequently , or demurely refrains from asserting his secular background worldview too explicitly .
So Rosenbaum ’s looking for a metaphysical skyhook that will let him elevate that mere polite atheism to the brain - in - a - vat realm of radical uncertainty .
His preferred candidate is another old philosophers ’ quandary , and another non-local question :
Why is there something instead of nothing ?
I ’m inclined to say that the question is meaningless — it has the form of a meaningful , even a scientific question , but it can always be framed in a way that places it outside any system of causal explanation .
It ’s a kind of grammatical misfire , like “ This sentence ( or proposition ) is false . ”
To the extent that it is a meaningful question , I have no reason to expect that science either eventually will , or even in principle could answer it .
But I am not sure why I am supposed to care , except insofar as it ’s interesting to mull over , if you go for that sort of thing .
Suppose I allow that it is a genuine mystery — radically uncertain , even .
It ’s outside the realm about which we can talk meaningfully or offer evidence .
So what ?
If there were some part of the world about which we could n’t even in principle gather information , would I have to declare myself a basilisk agnostic because , after all , they might be there ?
Rosenbaum ’s mistake is to suppose that atheists are committed to providing some kind of utterly comprehensive worldview that explains everything in the way religious doctrine sometimes purports to .
But why ?
Ca n’t we point out that claims made on behalf of one brand of snake oil are outlandish and unsupportable without peddling an even more wondrous tonic ?
I do n’t know why there ’s something instead of nothing , if the question is even intelligible , any more than I can prove I ’m not a brain in a vat .
These are interesting facts to reflect on in an epistemology seminar .
They have very little to do with my ordinary assertions about how to get to The Passenger or whether the details of any particular cosmology seem persuasive , or whether praying to Mecca or confessing to a priest seems like a sensible thing to do .
The question of whether there ’s a God is only really interesting or a live debate in practice because its embedded in these more particular traditions .
Punting to the non-local question of why there ’s anything at all is , ultimately , just changing the subject — a fact that may be obscured by gesturing at the realm of mystery and calling the question mark that lives there God .
I see no good reason to think that there are basilisks , or Olympian gods , or even that rather minimalist watchmaker God more often encountered in philosophical treatises than any actual , practiced religious tradition .
The existence of dark spots on the physical , metaphysical , or epistemological map is no evidence for any of them .
So Rosenbaum ’s challenge — explain , atheist , why there is something instead of nothing !— may well be unanswerable , but it does n’t require an answer .
There ’s still no reason to treat God talk as anything more than another bit of human storytelling , and no reason to add elaborate hedges to the assertion that The Passenger is on 7th north of Mass .
THE NEXT STEP IN THE FEDERAL RESPONSE ….
The White House announced last week that President Obama will tomorrow make his fourth trip to the Gulf coast since the BP oil spill crisis began , and we learned this morning that the two - day visit will culminate in a prime - time address to the nation .
It will be the president ’s first Oval Office address .
Apparently , the remarks will be more than just a status check .
President Obama for the first time will address the nation about the ongoing oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday night and outline his plans to legally force BP executives to create an escrow account reserving billions of dollars to compensate businesses and individuals if the company does not do so on its own , a senior administration official said on Sunday .
“ The president will use his legal authority to compel them , ” said Robert Gibbs , the White House spokesman .
Mr. Gibbs did not elaborate on the legal basis for such a move but said that White House lawyers have been researching the matter for days .
The president is seizing the initiative after reports on Friday from London that BP would voluntarily establish an escrow account — either for compensating victims or for delaying a planned dividend for BP shareholders — turned out to be less certain than the White House initially thought .
The escrow account that the White House envisions would be roughly modeled after the fund established for victims of the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and it would be administered by a third party to provide greater independence and transparency and to guard against the company too narrowly defining who is entitled to payments and how much .
I guess there ’s no real mystery as to whose ass is getting kicked .
Thad Allen , meanwhile , is demanding BP officials craft “ a faster plan ” to collect gushing oil , with “ greater redundancy and reliability . ”
A response from the company is expected later today .
RADAR ALERT :
NPR Gives Raped Males The Unworthy Victim Treatment Last week , June 23 , Attorney General Eric Holder missed the deadline for issuing standards to prevent prison rape .
1
Men being raped in prison is so accepted by mainstream America that Saturday Night Live 's writers saw nothing wrong with doing 4 - 1/ 2 minutes of ass - rape jokes in a sketch called " Scared Straight " that ended with Betty White saying emphatically , " Wizard of Ass " !
2 Blogger Scott Starnes states the attitude explicitly .
Under a graphic stating " Ass - Rape : It 's Always Funny , " Starnes asks : " Who honestly cares about criminals being ass - raped in prison ? " 3 Ignorant callousness is an obvious problem for reformers trying to eliminate prison rape .
But an even more insidious problem is the media 's treatment of male victims as unworthy of concern , as NPR 's Morning Edition recently did .
4 . NPR chose to ignore the fact that 90 % of incarcerated individuals are male , and instead focused their story solely on a female - prisoner 's experience of prison - rape .
This form of bias is so subtle that most listeners wo n't even notice it .
But it is a classic example of the very media bias described by Noam Chomsky and Edward Herman in their book Manufacturing Consent5 , in which they write : " Our hypothesis is that worthy victims will be featured prominently and dramatically , that they will be humanized , and that their victimization will receive the detail and context in story construction that will generate reader interest and sympathetic emotion .
In contrast , unworthy victims will merit only slight detail , minimal humanization , and little context that will excite and enrage . "
NPR 's decision to focus solely on a female victim 's experience demonstrates that they view female rape victims as " worthy " and male victims as " unworthy . "
And their mischaracterizing the issue will inevitably lead to stronger protections for female inmates and weaker or non-existent protections for the vast majority of inmates – the male inmates .
Society 's indifference to male victimization helps explain why the Department of Justice can't get its act together to come up with standards that are already pretty well known .
Columnist Robert Franklin summarizes the DoJ 's cynical attitude about missing the deadline as , " Why bother ?
It 's mostly men who are abused , right ? " 6
Cultural assumptions play an important role in the creation of public policy .
And a subtly biased story coming from a mainstream media outlet like NPR is far more effective in propagating and perpetuating bias than anything an obviously biased blogger like Scott Starnes could come out with .
Therefore , efforts at exposing subtle bias and trying to correct it are essential to RADAR 's mission to reform the nation 's domestic violence laws .
Kindly contact Morning Edition http://help.npr.org/npr/includes/customer/npr/custforms/contactus.aspx?sid=1
and ask them to do a follow - up story on the DoJ 's failure to issue standards for the prevention of prison rape .
Let them know that their listeners want them to treat male victims as equally worthy of sympathy as female victims .
In Chomsky and Herman 's words , the suffering of male victims should be featured prominently and dramatically , the male victims should be humanized just as NPR 's stories have done for female victims , and stories on male victims should give sufficient detail and context to generate reader interest and sympathetic emotion .
When you contact NPR , please be polite .
1 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lovisa-stannow/attorney-general-misses-h_b_622777.html
2 http://www.hulu.com/watch/147971/saturday-night-live-scared-straight
3
http://scottystarnes.wordpress.com/2010/06/14/doj-lead-by-ag-eric-holder-is-worried-about-ass-rape-in-prison-system
4 http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=127376570
5 http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Herman%20/Manufac_Consent_Prop_Model.html
6 http://glennsacks.com/blog/?p=4841
Date of RADAR Release : June 29 , 2010 R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
Jewish World Review June 30 , 2010 / 18 Tamuz 5770 Where Best To Be Poor By Walter Williams
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com |
Imagine you are an unborn spirit whom God has condemned to a life of poverty but has permitted to choose the nation in which to live .
I 'm betting that most any such condemned unborn spirit would choose the United States .
Why ?
What has historically been defined as poverty , nationally or internationally , no longer exists in the U.S.
Let 's look at it .
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , the 2009 poverty guideline was $ 22,000 for an urban four - person family .
In 2009 , having income less than that , 15 percent or 40 million Americans were classified as poor , but there 's something unique about those " poor " people not seen anywhere else in the world .
Robert Rector , researcher at the Heritage Foundation , presents data collected from several government sources in a report titled " How Poor Are America 's Poor ?
Examining the ' Plague ' of Poverty in America " ( 8/27/2007 ) : — Forty - three percent of all poor households actually own their own homes .
The average home owned by persons classified as poor by the Census Bureau is a three - bedroom house with one - and - a - half baths , a garage and a porch or patio . —
Eighty percent of poor households have air conditioning .
By contrast , in 1970 , only 36 percent of the entire U.S. population enjoyed air conditioning .
—
Only 6 percent of poor households are overcrowded ; two - thirds have more than two rooms per person . —
The typical poor American has more living space than the average individual living in Paris , London , Vienna , Athens and other cities throughout Europe .
( These comparisons are to the average citizens in foreign countries , not to those classified as poor . ) —
Nearly three - quarters of poor households own a car ; 31 percent own two or more cars .
—
Ninety - seven percent of poor households have a color television ; over half own two or more color televisions .
—
Seventy - eight percent have a VCR or DVD player ; 62 percent have cable or satellite TV reception .
—
Eighty - nine percent own microwave ovens , more than half have a stereo , and a more than a third have an automatic dishwasher .
What 's defined as poverty is misleading in another way .
Official poverty measures count just family 's cash income .
It ignores additional sources of support such as the earned - income tax credit , which is a cash rebate to low - income workers ; it ignores Medicaid , housing allowances , food stamps and other federal and local government subsidies to the poor .
According to a report by American Enterprise Institute scholar Nicholas Eberstadt , titled " Poor Statistics , " " In 2006 , according to the annual Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Expenditure Survey , reported purchases by the poorest fifth of American households were more than twice as high as reported incomes . "
That additional money might represent earnings from unreported employment , illegal activities and unreported financial assistance .
A proper measure of well - being is what a person consumes rather than his income .
A huge gap has emerged between income and consumption at lower income levels .
Material poverty can be measured relatively or absolutely .
An absolute measure would consist of some minimum quantity of goods and services deemed adequate for a baseline level of survival .
Achieving that level means that poverty has been eliminated .
However , if poverty is defined as , say , the lowest one - fifth of the income distribution , it is impossible to eliminate poverty .
Everyone 's income could double , triple and quadruple , but there will always be the lowest one - fifth .
Yesterday 's material poverty is all but gone .
In all too many cases , it has been replaced by a more debilitating kind of poverty — behavioral poverty or poverty of the spirit .
This kind of poverty refers to conduct and values that prevent the development of healthy families , work ethic and self - sufficiency .
The absence of these values virtually guarantees pathological lifestyles that include : drug and alcohol addiction , crime , violence , incarceration , illegitimacy , single - parent households , dependency and erosion of work ethic .
Poverty of the spirit is a direct result of the perverse incentives created by some of our efforts to address material poverty .
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
include " /home/jwreview/public_html/t-ssi/jwr_squaread_300x250.php " ; ?>
Walter Williams Archives
© 2006 , Creators Syndicate .
Three men are being sought after a penguin was stolen from Dublin Zoo this morning .
The bizarre theft happened at around 8.30 am before the zoo opened to the public .
Three men climbed the perimeter fence and entered the penguin habitat , capturing a 10 - year - old female named Kelli .
They put her into a sack and left the zoo where they hailed a taxi passing through the Phoenix Park .
They told the driver they had a rabbit with them and he dropped them in Dublin 's north inner city .
The penguin was found on Rutland Street and was taken back to the zoo by gardaí from Store Street .
Kelli was returned to the penguin habitat after a vet inspection found she had no injuries .
In a statement this afternoon , Dublin Zoo said it 'is naturally relieved that the animal is safe and unharmed ' .
However , they underlined their annoyance about the incident saying it 'is not frivolous and is certainly not something amusing ' .
Gardaí are now hunting for the men involved .
Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny has said the timing of Richard Bruton 's leadership challenge was appalling and showed enormous political misjudgement .
Mr Kenny said that he had no option but to sack Mr Bruton who he said did have an option .
Enda Kenny 's interview | Richard Bruton 's interview
Mr Kenny said he could not have a disloyal deputy leader sitting alongside him in the Dáil tomorrow when Fine Gael tables its no confidence motion in Taoiseach Brian Cowen .
He said Fianna Fáil adviser PJ Mara could not have dreamt up a better scenario .
Asked if he should resign , Mr Kenny said ' not at all ' .
He said what mattered was loyalty and electoral success .
He said the challenge was not nice and was regrettable and he would have to heal wounds in the party .
Earlier , Mr Kenny announced that he will table a motion of confidence in his leadership at a special meeting of the parliamentary party on Thursday .
Read Enda Kenny 's statement
Reacting to the news of his sacking , Mr Bruton said he will oppose the motion of confidence in Mr Kenny .
Mr Bruton said he believed Mr Kenny did not have the capacity to deal with the difficult problems that Ireland faced and he said people have lost confidence in him .
Mr Bruton said he believes a clear majority of the Fine Gael frontbench and parliamentary party want a change in leadership .
Mr Bruton said that if the confidence motion in Mr Kenny is defeated , he will offer himself as an alternative leader .
The immediate cause of the crisis was last week 's Irish Times opinion poll , which put Fine Gael in second place , behind Labour .
However , there has been disquiet about Mr Kenny 's leadership for some time .
Meanwhile , Kieran O'Donnell has been appointed to the position of party finance spokesman .
( CNN ) --
A white police sergeant and a black Harvard University professor both made mistakes in a confrontation last year that led to an arrest and a national debate on racial profiling , a report said .
The report , released Wednesday , details the July 16 , 2009 , arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. by Cambridge , Massachusetts , police Sgt. James Crowley .
President Obama jumped into the debate over the arrest , eventually holding a " beer summit " at the White House with the officer and academic .
Crowley arrested Gates when the officer responded to a call of a possible break - in at a Cambridge residence , which turned out to be Gates ' house .
Gates was charged with disorderly conduct for allegedly yelling at the officer and protesting his actions .
But Gates said he never raised his voice and accused Crowley of racial profiling .
Charges against the professor later were dropped .
The report , conducted by the Cambridge Review Committee , said the situation quickly spiraled out of control .
" Seconds after Crowley and Gates encountered each other , the situation deteriorated rapidly , according to both men .
Within six minutes , Crowley had arrested Gates for disorderly conduct and placed him in handcuffs at his own home , " the report said .
Mistakes by both men contributed to the outcome , the committee found .
" Sergeant Crowley and Professor Gates each missed opportunities to ' ratchet down ' the situation and end it peacefully , " the report said .
" The Committee believes that the incident was sparked by misunderstanding and failed communications between the two men . "
The committee was the idea of Cambridge 's police commissioner and was made up of experts in law enforcement and race .
But even after the national debate over the arrest , both men told the committee they would n't have done much differently .
Crowley said he felt he had no choice but to arrest Gates , the report said .
Gates said in retrospect he would not have done much differently except he would not have left his house and followed Crowley after the officer was trying to leave the scene .
" Sergeant Crowley and Professor Gates missed opportunities to lower the temperature of their encounter and communicate clearly with each other , and the results were unfortunate for everyone concerned .
They share responsibility for the outcome , " the report concluded .
CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .
Ok , Conan , you 're not such a bad guy , after all .
We admit that for a while Friday we thought @LovelyButton was a figment of your Twitter imagination ( read : Freckles and the gang ) , but now that we 've actually spoken to her and have seen firsthand what a sweetie she is , we approve of your first and only Twitter pal .
This afternoon , we spoke with Sarah Faith Killen and her fiance , John D. Slowik , Jr. , via Skype from their bedroom in Fowlerville , Mich. , and we intended to share that video until we saw what an amateur job we did with that recording .
So , we 'll tell you the story because that 's what we do best here at Show Tracker : tell stories .
Sarah , 19 , and John , 21 , will celebrate their third anniversary on March 13 and are getting married on Sept. 25 .
Before Friday , they had no idea how they were going to pull that off .
He was recently laid off and she is a student .
They live with his father now , but plan to soon get a place of their own and enroll in the University of Michigan .
Since @conanobrien announced she was his " random "
Twitter pal designee , Sarah has been showered with presents and attention , going from three followers to 12,713 in 24 hours .
Strangers have practically planned her entire wedding for her , and someone sent her a new Apple computer .
That was Matt from the Florida - based company , Hornblasters , by the way , who came to the rescue with an I - Mac when Sarah 's Webcam malfunctioned and it looked like she was going to have to cancel an MTV News interview via Skype Friday night .
When Show Tracker first contacted the very cute Sarah , she wanted nothing to do with us .
She had interpreted our post about her as " negative " and she sent a polite but firm " No , thank you " to us .
Then , when she realized that Show Tracker has been Twitter Tracking Conan , his freckles , Sharpie , Taurus , Monkey , Squirrel , and Beard , she saw for herself that Show Tracker is basically insane but harmless and she felt more at ease .
As she told us , " People will try to take you down and I 'm trying to avoid that . "
She 's a sharp cookie , that one .
Maybe that 's why Conan picked her and not us .
If John Lennon could somehow be resurrected from the grave to hear a Radiohead record , this might very well be the swirling , acid - infused soundscape he would create .
Tame Impala – Kevin Parker ( guitars , vocals , keys , noise ) , Jay Watson ( drums , synth , vocals ) , and Dominic Simper ( bass ) – is a three piece , neo- psychedelia band hailing from Perth , Australia .
Forget the initial comparisons to The Beatles and Radiohead for a second , as I do n’t want to create unrealistic expectations for the band … but sit back for a moment , close your eyes , and let the music swirl around in your head .
Dreamy , hypnotic , hazy , eerily melodic … the music allows you to ride a rolling wave into the depths of 60 ’s psychedelic bliss ( i.e. Pink Floyd , Cream , The Doors , Jefferson Airplane ) without drowning into a seeping world of paranoia .
The sounds are freewheeling , organic , and breathtakingly brilliant .
Already released in Australia on May 21st , Tame Impala ’s full - length debut , Innerspeaker ( woah … ) , will be released in the US on June 8th ( along with a ton of other good sh*t ) .
After recently being noticed by MGMT ’s tour manager at a Vice Magazine CD Release Party in Melbourne , the band will now join MGMT ’s full summer tour as the opening act .
These guys are going to get big .
Mark it .
Stream Innerspeaker in its entirety after the jump …
Tame Impala – Innerspeaker ( preorder on iTunes )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Artist Profiles , Music to Purchase , Download , or Stream
Tags : Innerspeaker , John Lennon , MGMT , Perth Australia , Radiohead , Tame Impala , The Beatles
Call the Doctor !
Nasa spots Dr
Who 's crack in the universe in the middle of the Milky Way
For followers of the current season of Dr Who , it is more than a little disconcerting .
For this thick black snake - like object in space bears an uncanny resemblance to the crack in the universe which has haunted Matt Smith and his companion , Karen Gillan .
Luckily for us , this striking image is the core of a thick , sooty cloud large enough to swallow dozens of solar systems .
In fact , astronomers say its ‘ belly ’ may be harbouring stars in the process of forming .
This infrared image from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope shows what astronomers are referring to as a ' snake ' ....
... but it bears an uncanny resemblance to the crack in space and time from this season of Dr Who
' The snake is an ideal place to hunt for massive forming stars as they have not had time to heat up and destroy the cloud they are born in , ' said Dr. Sean Carey of NASA 's Spitzer Science Center .
Spitzer was able to spot the sinuous cloud using its heat - seeking infrared vision .
The object is hiding in the dusty plane of our Milky Way galaxy , invisible to optical telescopes .
Because its heat , or infrared light , can sneak through the dust , it first showed up in infrared images from past missions .
The cloud is so thick with dust that if you were to somehow transport yourself into the middle of it , you would see nothing but black , not even a star in the sky .
Spitzer 's new view of the snake provides the best look at what lurks inside .
The yellow and orange spots located on and around it are massive stars just beginning to take shape .
The bright red spot located on its belly is a monstrous stellar embryo , about 20 to 50 times the mass of our sun .
This should be a riot .
The Republicans want to make the hearings about who should be running America .
So who do they bring to testify against Kagan ?
A religious right general with a long , long , long history of embarrassing controversy .
From Steve Clemons :
I just learned that the Senate Judiciary Committee is calling none other than the God-connected , crusade - obsessed saber rattler retired Lt. General William G. “ Jerry ” Boykin as one of four military witnesses raising questions about Kagan ’s policy of making it tough for the military to recruit at Harvard when there was a conflict over the Pentagon ’s “ Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell ” policies .
I think DADT is a relic that should be tossed out — but reasonable people can disagree and debate .
But Boykin ?
If this party is engaged in such self - destructive theatrics , why ca n’t the White House do a better job of dividing up the Republicans into smart and not - so - smart factions .
Because they ’re spending far too much time dividing their friends into different factions ?
More from Wikipedia on this nut – this is just a sampling , there ’s a lot :
Boykin achieved widespread media coverage for his statements that appeared to frame the War on Terror in religious terms , first broadcast on NBC News , October 15 , 2003 .
William Arkin , military analyst for NBC - TV News , was the source of the video and audiotapes of Boykin .
The following day the Los Angeles Times ran a piece on Boykin .
Amongst several quotes , the LA Times article revealed Boykin giving a speech about hunting down Osman Atto in Mogadishu : “ He went on CNN and he laughed at us , and he said , ‘ They ’ll never get me because Allah will protect me .
Allah will protect me . ’
Well , you know what ?
I knew that my God was bigger than his .
I knew that my God was a real God and his was an idol . ”
Boykin later clarified this statement , saying that he was implying that Atto ’s true “ god ” was money .
President George Bush distanced himself from the statements , saying that Boykin did n’t “ reflect my point of view or the point of view of this administration . ”
Some news commentators , such as Republican Patrick Buchanan , believed that there was nothing wrong in what Boykin said .
Boykin also believes that he speaks with the Holy Spirit .
Discussion Topic Return to Forum List
This thread has been locked Messages 1 - 10 of total 10 in this topic cragrat
climber New Zealand Topic Author 's Original Post - Apr 16 , 2007 - 12:42 am PT
Do n't grab the ' draw - a cautionary tale
Pumped out of his mind and with the prospect of falling off at Britten Crag ( Christchurch , New Zealand ) recently , James McLafferty erroneously lunged for a quickdraw .
Unfortunately his hand slid down the draw , inadvertently opening the gate and allowing the hooked end of the carabiner to penetrate between his index and middle finger .
As he fell past the draw the carabiner slid deeper into his hand and underneath the extensor tendon of his first finger .
You can imagine his horror as he jerked himself to a halt before watching the carabiner exit his hand - tearing something white along with it , only to fall further onto the next bolt down .
Once lowered to the ground a quick stocktake revealed no broken bones , but two partially de-gloved fingers , a hand ripped open and an extensor tendon torn completely off the bone .
James would like other climbers to be aware that the practice of grabbing draws is potentially dangerous !
Perhaps this photo will help you resist that draw - grabbing urge and take the plunge instead .
Following reconstructive surgery it appears James ' tendon has been sucessfully reattached and he is hopeful a rehabilitation programme with the hand therapy department at Christchurch hospital will get him back on the rock next summer .
Report : Greg Jack
Photo : James McLafferty
This was first published in The Climber ( NZAC ) , Issue 59 Autumn 2007
These could be deemed graphic images .....
slayton
Trad climber Morongo Valley , Ca Apr 16 , 2007 - 12:56 am PT Bummer .
Hope he heals well and fast .
Morbid curiosity but .
... .. how did he get his sandals back on and is he flipping us the bird ?
cragrat
climber New Zealand Topic Author 's Reply - Apr 16 , 2007 - 01:01 am PT
I was n't there ... this i my " helping to spread the word " but I guess his belayer might have put them on for him .
cragrat
climber New Zealand Topic Author 's Reply - Apr 16 , 2007 - 01:04 am PT
Gotta think global ....
UKC , Rockclimbing.com , Chockstone , Mojozone , Supertopo turd
climber Apr 16 , 2007 - 01:11 am PT
Somewhere I have ( used to have ) a picture from a naval safety magazine that would make that seem pretty tame .
Looked like a special effect .
Moral :
Do n't wear a ring if there is a chance of getting it hung up on anything .
Picture a wire stripper on your finger .
3 fingers , a thumb , and a skeleton finger .
Never knew what " degloved " meant before I saw that .
cragrat
climber New Zealand Topic Author 's Reply - Apr 16 , 2007 - 01:51 am PT
Umm they were there but I decided it was better to go for the shock treatment - actually I was n't sure if I could put pics up ... cintune
climber Penn's Woods Apr 16 , 2007 - 07:31 am PT
I hope you posted this to a French forum as well .
426
Sport climber Buzzard Point , TN Apr 16 , 2007 - 09:25 am PT
More like , if yer gonna grab it , you 'd better " stick it " ...
Indianclimber
climber Las Vegas Apr 16 , 2007 - 09:36 am PT
Hey Cragrat do you know Buzz ?
Did some climbing with him when he was in Vegas Gary
climber Desolation Basin , Calif .
Apr 16 , 2007 - 10:14 am PT
Bah .
That 's nothing , seen lots worse in bakeries .
Once a guy slammed a door on a proof box and ripped the tendon out of his arm .
He 's now known as " Three Finger " Lutz .
Once picked up a piece of dough on a conveyor belt .
Was about to toss it back in the mixer , when I noticed there was a finger inside .
Now Werner will have some real stories for us .
Messages 1 - 10 of total 10 in this topic Return to Forum List
The FBI accused the SVR , the successor organisation to the Soviet Union 's KGB , of running a network of " illegals " , described in court documents as Russians who received training in languages , codes and ciphers , invisible writing and counter - surveillance before living in the United States under false identities .
TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS EXPLAINED WITH SMURFS
Our Earth is filled with finite resources that we , as the Human Race , exploit for personal gain .
Oil , Fish Stocks , Forests , Clean Air , and water are just a few of the resources that nobody “ owns , ” but everybody needs in order to survive .
However , in our current system , nobody who is taking away these natural resources from the whole of us has to pay back into the natural system .
Thus , there is a great incentive to consume all of the available resources before somebody else gets to them , Garrett Hardin called this nuance the “ Tragedy of the Commons . ”
Let ’s take Smurfs as a natural resource .
There are 100 smurfs living in smurf village and they do not reproduce .
Every Saturday in the 1980s , entertainment producers broadcast a show documenting the life and times of Smurf Village , and made money from the advertising revenue brought in from millions of viewers watching the show .
The cartoon ’s producers use the smurfs in the manufacture of intellectual goods .
The intellectual use of the smurfs does nothing to detract from their smurfiness .
Just as Thomas Jefferson said , “ He who receives an idea from me , receives instruction himself without lessening mine . ”
Similarly , you can draw a smurf without taking anything away from anyone else ’s use for the smurf .
Also every Saturday , Gargamel , the smurf ’s antagonist , tries to catch the Smurfs so he can convert them into gold .
Gargamel wants to use the smurfs in the manufacture of material goods .
The material use of the smurf requires killing the smurf to convert it into gold [ 1 ] .
Once a smurf is killed , it ’s no longer available for other uses .
So every time Gargamel consumes a smurf , he hurts the profitability of the Cartoon ’s Producers .
If Gargamel consumes all of the smurfs , the Cartoonists will be out of business .
According to Market Logic , no one owns the smurfs .
Just as no one owns the oil underground , the fish in the sea , or the rainforests .
No one owns these things , that is , until they pick them up to sell to other people .
According to Market Logic that is .
Market Logic also tells us that Incorporated Businesses have human rights and that an Invisible Hand will make everything work out the best for everybody in the end .
So maybe Market Logic is n’t all that logical after all .
In reality , the fact that Smurfs do n’t belong to anybody means they belong to everybody .
Everyone has the right to enjoy the Smurfs , just like everyone has the right to enjoy nature .
As an individual , Gargamel has a right to pursue wealth ; however , that right ends where it unfairly begins to trample on the rights of others to pursue wealth .
Gargamel does n’t have the right to run the Cartoon ’s Producers out of business and ruin everybody else ’s fun just so he can get rich and refurnish his castle and play sugar - daddy to the town harlots , but Market Logic says he can do exactly that !
So the Market Game is n’t very fair .
Lucky for us , Market Law , unlike Natural Law , is a human social construct , which means we have the ability to change the rules of the game so that Gargamel does have to compensate everyone for taking our Smurfs .
So what is the market value for a smurf ?
Gold is valued at about $ 800 an ounce presently .
If we make the generous assumption that a single smurf can be converted into a pound of gold , then that ’s $ 12,800 a smurf !
No wonder Gargamel wants the Smurfs so badly .
It only costs him the time it takes to grab and process a Smurf to make a cool $ 12.8 grand !
Cha-ching !
Gargamel ’s profit means there are only 99 Smurfs left in the world for the rest of us to enjoy .
We still have to figure in the smurfs ’ profitability to the cartoon ’s producers :
Let ’s say the show earns the producers $ 1 Million dollars a week in advertising revenues .
That means , dividing the entertainment effort across 100 smurfs , each smurf is worth $ 10,000 a week to the cartoon ’s producers .
So Gargamel ’s $ 12.8 k one - time profit will cost the Smurf Cartoon $ 120 k over the next year , as the production must now work one percent harder to find enough Smurf antics to fill a show ’s content , and the remaining 99 smurfs are all now worth $ 10,101 each to the producers [ 2 ] .
And that ’s just a small percentage of a Smurf ’s actual value .
How do you define the monetary value of the wealth of knowledge an Evolutionary Theorist , Biologist , or Anthropologist will surely gain from studying the Smurfs ?
How do you set a price on instilling a sense of wonder in a child with smurfs ?
So the very existence of the smurfs has a definable market value and an intangible value .
The failure of the market is that Gargamel does n’t have to compensate the rest of us for our Smurfs .
He can just take our smurfs for his own selfish ends .
So in order to prevent Gargamel from smashing all the Smurfs into gold , or Coal Plants from giving them neurological disorders by dumping mercury all over them , or farms from polluting their water with run off fertilizer we need to establish a market system that approximates the value of smurfs .
We need Smurf Credits , which are like Carbon Credits , only cuter .
Market Logic needs to play by the rules of Real logic , which tells us that potable water , clean air , biodiversity , coal , oil , and countless other natural resources are things those of us living on spaceship Earth all require to survive .
They are our birthright .
The Smurfs belong to everyone .
They ’re our smurfs .
The Gargamels are n’t playing fair .
They ’re ripping us off , and we have to stand up for ourselves .
Everybody owns one of 6.5 billion shares of planet Earth .
We need to exercise our rights and responsibilities as stockholders .
Or as the smurfs would say , “ We need to smurfercise our smurfs and smurfibilities as stocksmurfers . ”
Footnotes
1. How Gargamel intends to convert Smurfs into gold , an element , is unknown to us .
We might assume he owns an Atomic Supercollider , which he intends to put the hapless Smurf in , constructed under his castle .
It ’s like Japanese Whalers claiming to gain scientific knowledge about living Blue Whales by killing them .
Greed does n’t have to make sense .
2 . Because of the individual nature of smurfs , their values may vary widely .
Jokey , Hefty , and Papa Smurf might be worth substantially more than , say , Brainy Smurf , who nobody likes but me .
How to solve the 30 - year old crisis
Weight : 220 lbs and 15 - 16 % body fat ( my estimate ) .
This is how Marcus looked when he decided to get serious in January 2009 .
Time for another Leangains success story .
I have a whole bunch of these lying around .
People keep sending me reports of exceptional results after having implemented my methods .
That 's just awesome .
Check out the free guide to the Leangains approach if you have n't already .
This success story is actually from an old client of mine , but I did n't know that until I decided to touch base a few weeks ago .
Marcus got in contact with me in early 2008 and did a month of consulting , but it was n't until a year later , as his 30th birthday drew close , he decided to get really serious and fully implement the things I taught him .
Check out his results and story below .
" I 've been training most of my life and when I was younger , staying in shape was easy .
Since I stayed active and loved training , I never really had to think much about my diet .
As I got older , staying reasonably lean was proving more and more difficult - especially in combination with a sedentary office job .
When I realized that simply lifting weights was n't enough to stay in shape , I tried moderating my diet through a traditional bodybuilding - diet .
Unfortunately , I was n't able to stay consistent .
I never felt full or satisfied .
I was used to eating what I wanted , when I wanted it .
It really did n't fit my personal preferences to eat every 2nd - 3rd hour , which is what 's always preached in the fitness and health mainstream .
Besides the problem of such frequent interruptions , I really hated having to plan the next meal as soon as I was finished with the first .
Having to spend so much mental energy thinking and planning my meals did n't appeal to me .
It ended in me not recognizing myself in the mirror any longer .
I had become FAT . " " As a consequence of my physical degeneration , training started to become boring .
Since training had been one of my biggest sources of joy , everything started to feel like crap .
I seriously considered quitting training and accept that I was fat .
Fortunately , I started reading about intermittent fasting and Leangains , which piqued my interest .
Since I wanted to take the guesswork out of the equation , I decided to contact Martin Berkhan .
That turned out to be a very good move .
Leangains is very easy to follow and much more time - efficient than a a " regular " diet .
The results came very quickly .
I noticed early that that doing everything exactly as it was laid out for me was all I needed to do in order to get amazing results .
It was perfect .
Without much effort , it took me three months to get in much better shape than I had been in years .
Since I now knew how easy it was to actually get in shape I decided to use the same program before my 30th birthday .
My goal was to get in the best shape ever .
Once again I achieved my objective .
Hardly ever felt that I was ' dieting ' .
In summary , Leangains turned my development from worse to better and best .
Thank you Martin for showing how easy it really is !
I never thought I could eat myself FULL on hamburgers several days a week and get these kind of results . " -
Marcus L190 lbs and ~ 7 % body fat ( my estimate ) , 12 weeks after the first picture .
Looking at his training log , his strength remained fully intact .
He even gained strength in some movements , which is awesome considering the 20 lbs weight loss ( and the issues with strength retention when dropping to single digit body fat percentage ) .
Great physique .
In particular , awesome biceps and lat development .
For some reason I keep thinking " '70s ripped . "
There 's a classic look to this physique , reminiscent to the physiques of the golden era of the '60s and ' 70s .
Latest word from Marcus is that he 's currently working on getting in even better shape in 2010 ( Leangains style , of course ) .
Show full PR text
NextEra Energy
Resources signs PPA with Google Energy to supply wind power
JUNO BEACH , Fla . – NextEra Energy Resources , LLC , the competitive energy subsidiary of NextEra Energy , Inc. ( NYSE : NEE ) and North America 's leading generator of wind power , today announced that it has entered into a power purchase agreement with Google Energy , LLC .
Google Energy will purchase 114 megawatts of clean , renewable energy from NextEra Energy Resources ' Story II Wind Energy Center in operation in Story and Hardin counties in Iowa .
" We are thrilled to welcome Google Energy to our growing list of customers and appreciate their support of emission - free , renewable energy , " said Mike O'Sullivan , senior vice president of development for NextEra Energy Resources .
" With the support of customers like Google Energy , we 've built our wind fleet from fewer than 500 megawatts a decade ago to more than 7,600 megawatts – the largest fleet in North America today . "
The 150 - megawatt Story II Wind Energy Center began operation in December 2009 .
Power deliveries to Google Energy will begin on July 30 , 2010 .
The remaining 36 megawatts from the Story II Wind Energy Center are currently being sold to the city of Ames , Iowa .
NextEra Energy
Resources is no stranger to Iowa .
The company currently has nearly 700 wind turbines in operation in Iowa with a nameplate capacity of more than 1,000 megawatts that are capable of generating enough power to serve more than 250,000 average homes .
NextEra Energy
Resources now has more than 9,000 wind turbines in operation at 77 wind farms in 17 states and Canada .
The company 's North American wind fleet avoided approximately 14 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions in 2009 , which is the equivalent of removing approximately 2.4 million cars from the road , according to the Environmental Protection Agency 's carbon - equivalency calculator .
NextEra Energy Resources
NextEra Energy
Resources , LLC is a clean energy leader and one of the largest competitive energy suppliers in North America .
A subsidiary of Juno Beach , Fla. - based NextEra Energy , Inc. ( NYSE : NEE ) , NextEra Energy Resources is the largest generator in North America of renewable energy from the wind and sun .
It operates clean , emissions - free nuclear power generation facilities in New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin as part of the NextEra Energy nuclear fleet , which is the third largest in the United States .
NextEra Energy had 2009 revenues of more than $ 15 billion , nearly 43,000 megawatts of generating capacity , and more than 15,000 employees in 28 states and Canada .
For more information , visit www.NextEraEnergyResources.com.
Largest private collection of CPUs has been discovered upon one Russian guy has posted a message on a forum .
His message says “ here is my humble collection for you ” and then listed something more than one thousand of different types of computer processors he collected .
There are ones from the old times and as well as modern ones , the lost and seemed never coming back relics of Soviet Russian genuine processors that preceded Intel world dominance and many other interesting findings he had .
via dirty.ru
A geologic mapping project using NASA spacecraft data offers new evidence that expansive lakes did exist long ago on Mars .
A series of sedimentary deposits indicates the presence of large standing bodies of water in Hellas Planitia located in the southern hemisphere of Mars , said by Dr. Leslie Bleamaster , research scientist at the Planetary Science Institute .
These deposits resulted from erosion and transport of highland rim materials into a basin - wide standing body of water , Bleamaster said .
Hellas basin , more than 2,000 km across and 8 km deep , is the largest recognized impact structure on the Martian surface , according to him .
“ This mapping makes geologic interpretations consistent with previous studies , and constrains the timing of these putative lakes to the early - middle Noachian period on Mars , between 4.5 and 3.5 billion years ago , ” he said .
The circum - Hellas highlands represent a significant percentage of the southern hemisphere of Mars and have served as a locus for volcanic and sedimentary activity throughout Martian geologic time .
“ Our mapping and evaluation of landforms and materials of the Hellas region from the basin rim to floor provides further insight into Martian climate regimes and into the abundance , distribution , and flux of volatiles through history , ” Bleamaster added .
Kozar Cool Blog
A church may be a church , and a temple a temple , but through the prism of emotion that still grips many New Yorkers almost a decade after 9/11 , a mosque can apparently represent a lot of things .
In the last few months , Muslim groups have encountered unexpectedly intense opposition to their plans for opening mosques in Lower Manhattan , in Brooklyn and most recently in an empty convent on Staten Island .
Some opponents have cited traffic and parking concerns .
But the objections have focused overwhelmingly on more intangible and volatile issues : fear of terrorism , distrust of Islam and a linkage of the two in opponents ’ minds .
“ Would n’t you agree that every terrorist , past and present , has come out of a mosque ? ” asked one woman who stood up Wednesday night during a civic association meeting on Staten Island to address representatives of a group that wants to convert a Roman Catholic convent into a mosque in the Midland Beach neighborhood .
The water 's blue , the waves are lapping .
Geez , it 's hot .
Do I have enough sunscreen on ?
Why did I wear this bathing suit ?
How long have we been here ?
I wonder what 's happening at the office .
Have they finished that project ?
Where is that cellphone ?
Wait , do n't tell me there 's no service !
Ca n't slow down ?
Even on vacation ?
You 've got plenty of company .
Only ...
The nation 's three dominant credit - ratings providers have made an urgent new request of their clients :
Please do n't use our credit ratings .
The odd plea is emerging as the first consequence of the financial overhaul that is to be signed into law by President Obama on Wednesday .
And it already is creating havoc in the bond markets , parts of which are shutting down in response to the request .
Standard ...
I use Moose to explain object orientation in Perl in the Modern Perl book .
It 's much easier to explain the what and why of OO with syntax like :
{ package Cat ; use Moose ; has ' name ' , is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Str ' ; has ' age ' , is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Int ' ; has ' diet ' , is => 'rw ' ; }
... than the corresponding code where you must write your own accessors , poke into a blessed hash directly ( and bless it yourself ) , perform your own coercions and verifications , and the like .
Of course , the preferred syntax for doing this within the Moose documentation is different from how I 've done things .
Moose recommends :
{ package Cat ; use Moose ; has ' name ' => ( is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Str ' ) ; has ' age ' => ( is => ' ro ' , isa => ' Int ' ) ; has ' diet ' => ( is => 'rw ' ) ; }
Sometimes you quote the name of the attribute and sometimes you do n't .
Should I drop the parentheses ?
Should I drop the fat arrow between the name of the attribute and its specializers ?
I do in my own Moose code for my preferences , and I did in the book .
Then I thought about it and realized why I write code this way .
First , a digression .
Perrin Harkins mentioned the inability of the " Takes a block ! " prototype to replicate builtin syntaxes as a reason to dislike syntax - bending modules such as Error .
For example :
use Error ' : try ' ; try { ... } catch { ... } ;
... really needs that trailing semicolon .
For similar reasons , many modules which use Devel : : Declare magic go through contortions to add trailing commas and semicolons .
Perl 5 's syntax is malleable , but when the parser wants something from the lexer , it really really wants something from the lexer .
( When it wants to know that a statement or a group of terms has ended , you do n't get to lie . )
In other words , even though you have a lot of options for mangling Perl 5's syntax any way you like it , the semantics of the host language will shine through .
A parenthesis is a parenthesis .
A labeled block is a labeled block .
A bare sub { ... } is never an expression on its own , and it can never terminate an outer expression .
This is one of the downfalls of the so - called " embedded domain specific languages " .
If you have n't written your own parser , you 'll have to take what you can get .
This is even true if you do write a parser and generate and eval code , and it 's especially true if your EDSL desugars to chained function or method calls .
I 'm not suggesting a flaw with Moose 's approach : it 's clever and Perlish and does n't succumb to the saccharine cutery of so many other so - called DSLs .
( To my knowledge , no one in the Moose world has claimed it 's anything other than Perl 5 syntax bent slightly into something which looks declarative enough . )
My concern — especially when explaining object orientation in Perl 5 to novices — is that any extra syntactic elements might confuse people to think that they mean more than they mean .
You and I might both understand that the grouping parentheses in the Cat attribute declaration are merely visual hints to the reader that the specializers are subordinate to the attribute itself and that the fat arrow between the name of the attribute and its grouped specializers confers the notion of pairing between the attribute and its specializers , but how do you explain that to someone who 's still struggling to figure out what this encapsulation thing is all about ?
I 've attempted caution throughout the book such that the fat comma always signifies a pairish relationship , such as for hash keys or named arguments .
Certainly you can always use it in place of the skinny comma ( and , barring any quoting changes , vice versa ) , but is it clear to do so ?
Likewise , you can wrap parentheses around almost any old rvalue ( barring precedence changes ) and not change the behavior of lists , yet this confuses novices all the time :
my @lololol = ( 1 , 2 , ( 3 , 4 , ( 5 , 6 ) ) ) ;
I 'm not criticizing the Moose documentation or the standard approaches to formatting Moose code .
I 'm not suggesting a change .
I do n't like deviating from community standards for declaring Moose attributes .
Even so , avoiding the need to explain the equivalencies of syntax to people for whom learning syntax is still a really big deal is itself to me a big deal .
PARIS Ã¢â‚¬â€ Bubbles do n’t just disappear when they pop but deflate in a rapid cascade of ever - smaller “ daughter ” bubbles , scientists reported on Wednesday .
The physics behind this bursting effect seems to hold true whether the liquid is as thin as water or as thick as heavy oil , suggesting that the researchers have found a universal theory of how bubbles behave when they break .
ADVERTISEMENT
A host of practical applications could follow in areas ranging from health care to climate to glass manufacturing , according to the study published in the British journal Nature .
It may also prove valuable for controlling industrial processes in which bubble formation can be detrimental .
There was an element of serendipity in the discovery , according to lead researcher James Bird , a graduate student at the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences .
Bird and one of the study ’s co-authors were working late one night investigating ways to spread bubbles on different surfaces when they noticed the rings that form when one bursts .
“ After that , any time I was just walking around during a rainy day I ’d look at the bubbles popping on puddles , ” Bird said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When I went swimming in the ocean I ’d watch the bubbles on the surface …
And I soon realised that it was everywhere . ”
In order to minimise surface area , he explained , a bubble forms an almost perfect hemisphere when it is in contact with a solid or liquid surface .
When it pops , a two step process unfolds , creating a ring of smaller bubbles .
Until now , the exactly how that happened was not understood .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the first step , the forces acting on the bubble cause the film to fold in on itself as it retracts , trapping a pocket of air in the shape of a donut .
In the second step , surface tension breaks this donut — called a torus — of air into a ring of smaller bubbles in the same way that surface tension transforms a thin stream of water flowing from a faucet into individual droplets , he explained .
ADVERTISEMENT
The cascade effect is very short - lived — too short to be seen with the naked eye .
The researchers filmed the collapse with high - speed cameras , and then used the video to construct a mathematical model to test and replicate their experimental hypothesis .
Bird said in a statement that he was anxious to study similar popping effects in more exotic materials such as molten glass , lava and mud .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What I love about this study is that the overall effect can be seen by anyone in their kitchen , ” he said .
Este adjetivo , para algunos despectivo y para otros divertido , se ha convertido en sinónimo de todo nombre posible , hasta cobrar , incluso , más fuerza que el güey  de los mexicanos
BUENOS AIRES .—
Tuvo lugar el pasado 27 de junio , pero al igual que con las Madres , en Argentina todos los días son su día .
Es “ el día de los boludos ” , con el que los que se asumen como tales lograron una suerte de autorreconocimiento como colectivo , al que parecen adherir cada vez más adeptos .
“ ¿ Qué hacés , boludo ?
¿ Cómo andás , boludo ?
¡ Mirá , boludo !
¡ Qué boludo !
¡ Qué grande , boludo !
¡ Perdimos , boludo ! ” .
Lo que hasta hace unos años podría parecerse a un insulto , los argentinos lograron , con un ahínco digno de las grandes empresas , que se convirtiera en apodo o en sinónimo de todos los nombres posibles , hasta cobrar , incluso , más fuerza y reconocimiento social que el “ güey ” de los mexicanos .
Los diccionarios son contundentes .
El de argentinismos del Instituto Caro y Cuervo ( Santa Fé de Bogotá , 1990 ) , define boludo como un sustantivo o adjetivo que “ se usa para insultar a una persona o referirse a ella con desprecio , especialmente cuando se quiere criticar su conducta ” , y “ a una persona que se comporta con falta de viveza , de una manera poco inteligente , ingenua o ridícula ” .
También se lo suele utilizar entre jóvenes , “ cuando media una relación de amistad y de confianza ” .
Más indulgente es la Real Academia Española , que define boludo como un adjetivo que se aplica a una persona “ que tiene pocas luces y obra como tal ” .
En un país donde el insulto se ha devaluado en extremo y donde el desprecio por el otro ha ido conquistando voluntades en las últimas décadas , los creadores del “ Día del Boludo ” fueron un poco más lejos que los académicos de la lengua .
Aseguran que los argentinos constituimos “ una nación de boludos ” , integrada por aquellos que sienten “ orgullo de hacer las cosas como se debe , de ser honestos , buenos ciudadanos y que comparten la idea de construir un país entre todos y para todos ” .
“ Los vivos son aquellos que nos demuestran a diario que confiar en las promesas , mostrar respeto por los demás y actuar dentro de la ley es una estupidez , algo que sólo hacen los tontos , los fracasados y los boludos ” , aseguran los creadores de este nuevo festejo en la página web en la que juran que su causa es construir “ una nación cada vez más boluda ” ( www.diadelboludo.com).
El origen
Más de 36 mil personas en Facebook hablan del eco que tuvo la propuesta de Agustín Arroyo , María Eugenia Portela y Carlos Mancini , cuando el año pasado , en vísperas de las elecciones legislativas , lanzaron la propuesta , en respuesta al gobierno de los Kirchner , que había presentado a sus aspirantes al Congreso bajo el eufemismo de “ las candidaturas testimoniales ” .
O sea , postulantes a cargos legislativos ( como el gobernador de la provincia de Buenos Aires , Daniel Scioli o la cantante Nacha Guevara ) a sabiendas de que nunca asumirían sus bancas .
Entonces “ todos nos sentimos un poco boludos ” , explica Arroyo en declaraciones al diario local Perfil .
Fue así como el día previo a las elecciones , el 27 de junio de 2009 , nació “ El Día del Boludo ” , que este año se celebró con cierta fruición , en virtud del bicentenario y del nacionalismo exacerbado que se vivía en el país , y porque “ no hay una palabra tan fuerte que identifique tanto a sus habitantes como el ‘ boludo ’ en Argentina ” , sostiene justificadamente Arroyo , de 29 años , en esa entrevista .
Para comprobarlo , sólo hay que remitirse a las pruebas , a las boludeces que lo certifican : Durante la dictadura militar ( 1976 - 1983 ) , una gran parte de la sociedad creyó a pie juntilla que Jorge Rafael Videla y sus secuaces eran “ Derechos y Humanos ” , y que las fuerzas armadas , en 1982 , fueron a la guerra de Malvinas movidos por sus afanes de soberanía .
Pudieron haber sido celebérrimas boludeces , si no fuera porque le costó al país miles de muertos y una herida social difícil de cerrar .
En los años 90 , más de la mitad de los argentinos llegó a creer a rajatabla que vivían en “ el primer mundo ” y en dólares .
Que un peso devaluado era equivalente a un billete verde con la imagen de George Washington .
El resultado — de lo que hubiera sido una boludez gigantesca si no hubiese sido por el expolio del Estado con el que fue acompañado — , fue el descalabro social del 2001 que hizo saltar a un gobierno , el de Fernando
De la Rúa , por los aires y dejó a varias decenas de millones de personas por debajo de la línea de la pobreza .
Inmediatamente después del estallido , con el país aún en cenizas , la sociedad se aferró a dos consignas lanzadas en 2002 por el presidente interino , Eduardo Duhalde : “ Vivir con lo nuestro ” y “ El que depositó dólares recibirá dólares y el que depositó pesos recibirá pesos ” , en referencia al recordado “ corralito financiero ” ( congelamiento de los depósitos ) .
Pero Duhalde devolvió pesos devaluados a cuanto cristo reclamó sus depósitos .
Argentina no ahorra ni en dólares ni en boludeces y aún intenta descifrar qué quiso Duhalde decir con aquello de “ vivir con lo nuestro ” .
Es esta una credulidad semejante la que lleva a muchos a sostener que este país puede darle al mundo lecciones de política económica en medio de la crisis , como lo intentó en 2008 la presidenta Cristina Kirchner , la misma que , para no ser menos que Duhalde ( con aquello de “ los argentinos estamos condenados al éxito ” ) , legó una frase a la posteridad : “ Los argentinos estamos en un momento de introspección de nosotros mismos… ” .
Se refería al “ milagro ” de la recuperación económica de los últimos años , y a que “ ese primer mundo que nos habían pintado como una meca se derrumba como una burbuja ( sic ) ” .
Maradona , un ejemplo La lista podría demandar varios tomos .
Sin ir más lejos , orgulloso estuvo prácticamente todo un país hasta hace unas horas , reconociendo en Diego Maradona a un entrenador sagaz , fruto del eterno milagro de su resurrección física , psicológica y futbolística .
Atrás había quedado la clasificación al Mundial de futbol por los pelos y toda la cadena de desatinos que acompañó su gestión .
Con una estructura mediática a la medida de las circunstancias , se le hizo creer a nuevamente a la sociedad que “ ya somos campeones ” , porque “ somos los más grandes ” , por la gracia de Dios , en palabras del propio ex crack y de su séquito comunicacional .
Hasta que la realidad pegó cuatro gritos en germano y dejó a los argentinos “ hablando boludeces ” .
Pero estas son cosas que pertenecen a otro tipo de “ milagros ” y a otra especie de “ boludos ” sobre los que también refieren los diccionarios .
Y son las que ayudan a entender por qué , en definitiva , ocurre como con las madres y cada día es nuestro día para hacer de esta bendita Argentina “ el país de los boludos… ” .
What happens when a legendary soldier ever to grace consoles teams up with a dude from Modern Warfare ?
Yes we are talking about Solid Snake and Ghost .
And they are facing against Liquid Snake , who has teamed up with Makarov .
Together they have formed an organization called as “ Activisun “ .
This video is developed by Beat Down Boogie .
Check the first part below .
Thanks , Kotaku .
At a hearing yesterday , several experts told the US International Trade Commission that many of the estimates of piracy losses touted by the entertainment industries were inflated or misleading .
Others claimed that current enforcement methods are n't working and suggested they try something else .
The US International Trade Commission ( USITC ) describes itself as “ an independent , quasijudicial Federal agency with broad investigative responsibilities on matters of trade ” .
It has been asked by the US Senate ’s Finance Committee to investigate the effect of China ’s ineffective intellectual property protection and enforcement on the US economy .
At a hearing on the topic yesterday , many of the witnesses were sceptical of the claims and assumptions made by the affected US industries , including the MPAA and RIAA - commissioned reports .
Harvard Business School Professor Fritz Foley called the basic assumption behind the industry loss figures into doubt .
“ It seems a bit crazy to me , ” PC World quotes him telling the Commission on the first day of the hearing .
“ To assume that someone who would pay some low amount for a pirated product would be the type of customer who ’d pay some amount that ’s six or 10 [ times ] that amount for a real one . ”
While some companies , such as EA ( at times ) , do n’t follow this ‘ a copy equals a lost sale ’ system , the majority do .
“ Be careful about using information the multinational [ companies ] provide you , ” cautioned Foley .
“ I would imagine they have an incentive to make the losses seem very , very large . ”
Professor Foley ’s comments reiterate what the Government Accountability Office told US congress earlier this year .
There is virtually no evidence for the claimed million dollar losses .
“ Lack of data hinders efforts to quantify impacts of counterfeiting and piracy , ” was one of the main conclusions from their report .
In fact , copyright infringements may also benefit the entertainment industries and third parties , it argued .
An Intellectual Properly law professor at Drake University had another perspective .
Pointing out there are two sides to economics , Professor Peter
Yu noted that companies counterfeiting products in China may employ US workers , and consume US - sourced raw materials , so it ’s not a straight loss .
It ’s similar to how VHS tapes were not the straight loss the movie industry predicted and claimed in the late 70s and early 80s .
Yu also noted that it ’s useful in spreading Western ideas to China , although how well lobbying will go down is anyone ’s guess .
One of the best suggestions so far , however , came from Ohio State University law professor Daniel Chow .
When asked how the size of the problem can be identified and quantified , he suggested that the agency should push the affected industries for more data , presumably data that backs up their claims ( there is little - to - none available at present ) .
Professor Chow also noted that current enforcement efforts are not working ( as we have previously reported ) , and that companies should start thinking about the long - term .
It ’s advice that the industries would be wise to follow , as every past copyright conflict has , despite a short - term loss , provided massive long - term benefits and growth for the affected industries .
Eve Fisher :
What I always used in my class was the example of the $ 3,000 shirt .
1 shirt ( " poet style " , with yoke , sleeves , collar ) takes approximately 7 hours of hard work to sew .
To weave the cloth for that shirt takes approximately 7 times the 7 hours of sewing , i.e. , 49 hours of hard work .
To spin the thread for the cloth for that shirt takes approximately 7 * 7 * 7 , i.e. , 399 hours of spinning .
So , irrespective of the time either raising the wool ( and the subsequent fleecing , washing , and carding required ) or the linen ( and the subsequent retting , hackling , etc. required ) , in that one shirt you have 400 ( okay , I rounded ) hours of hard work .
Multiply that times $ 7.25 ( minimum wage ) and you have a $ 2,900.00 shirt ( okay , I rounded again ) .
After pointing out that then you'd have to figure out costs for pants or skirt , bodice or vest , jacket or cloak , stockings , etc . ...
I have had students who remembered that lesson for years .
And it perfectly explains why the Industrial Revolution was indeed all about clothing .
Image caption Sai Thein
Win was a major in Burma 's army before he defected
Burma has started on a nuclear - weapons programme , according to a documentary based on evidence from a soldier who defected .
Major Sai Thein Win provided Norway - based broadcaster Democratic Voice of Burma ( DVB ) with files and photographs describing experiments with uranium .
A former UN inspector said the evidence suggested Burma was seeking to build weapons rather than power plants .
But experts said the ruling junta was a long way from succeeding .
The revelations come a day after a US senator cancelled a visit to Burma because of concern over its alleged nuclear ambitions .
' Expending huge resources '
In the documentary , entitled Burma 's Nuclear Ambitions , Maj Sai shows documents and pictures he says came from a factory which was building prototypes for nuclear components .
Image caption
The documentary showed tools allegedly used for converting uranium
Maj Sai is a mechanical engineer who worked on machining parts and visited the Burmese nuclear battalion in Thabeikkyin , says the documentary .
He provided photos purportedly of machines that can be used to convert uranium compounds for use in nuclear fuel or a nuclear weapon .
Robert Kelley , a former inspector with the International Atomic Energy Agency , a UN watchdog , said he believed Burma was probably mining uranium and exploring nuclear technology " useful only for weapons " .
In an online article for DVB , he writes : " The information provided by [ Major ] Sai and other reporters from Burma clearly indicates that the regime has the intent to go nuclear and it is ... expending huge resources along the way . "
Mr Kelley said the quality of the machine parts and the mechanical drawings was " poor " .
" Nothing we have seen suggests Burma will be successful with [ these ] materials and components , " he writes .
He said if Burma was found to be developing nuclear weapons it should face sanctions .
' No Pyongyang link '
DVB also said it did not believe Burma was capable of producing a nuclear weapon at this time .
" The intention is there , " says Ali Fowle , a spokesperson for DVB , " but the reality is very different . "
A UN panel has accused North Korea of exporting nuclear and missile technology in defiance of a UN ban , to countries including Burma , Iran and Syria .
On Thursday , the US Senator who chairs a Senate committee on East Asia , Jim Webb , cancelled a visit to Burma because of concern it was working with North Korea to develop a nuclear programme .
But DVB says that while North Korea may be involved in missile proliferation , there is no new evidence to suggest it is helping Burma to develop nuclear weapons .
DVB adds , however , that the Burmese government is modelling itself on North Korea , reckoning that if Pyongyang has nuclear weapons , the US or other countries would find it more difficult to attack .
All photos used with permission from the Democratic Voice of Burma
So Gawker.tv posted about my Star Wars Subway Car video today , but instead of embedding my video from YouTube like the rest of the Internet does , they ripped it from YouTube and uploaded it to their own site without permission .
So I get no credit for any of the views of the video on their site .
How nice !
Also , by uploading their own ripped version of the video , they can prevent me from seeing any AdSense revenue and focus on making their own money from the ads surrounding the post .
Awesome !
And they link to Buzzfeed at the end of the post rather than , you know , linking to the group that made the video they ripped off .
Cool !
Oh , and to top it off , they throw in a little snarky comment about this being an upgrade from our previous antics .
Sweet !
Thanks Gawker.tv!
It ’s such an honor to have you take my content in full and use it for your own benefit !
UPDATE : Gawker.tv fixed this at my request .
See the original video here : Star Wars Subway Car
Warning !
Contents May Be Hazardous To Your Soul .
Musings on skepticism , atheism , religion , pseudoscience , and other topics of importance ( and annoyance ) .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration this week approved the first implantable miniature telescope for the eye , to treat macular degeneration .
The device helps patients with end - stage , age - related macular degeneration , the leading cause of severe vision loss in Americans older than 60
After being placed into one eye , the device acts as a telescope by replacing the natural lens and magnifies and projects images onto a healthy portion of the retina , according to the FDA .
The non-implanted eye is used for peripheral vision .
Read the announcement here
About 8 million people in the United States have macular degeneration , a condition that damages the center of the retina – called the macula - causing vision problems .
For more on macular degeneration .
The implantable miniature telescope is inserted in patients who are 75 years and older with severe to profound vision impairment .
In clinical trials , 90 percent of the 219 subjects gained some visual acuity .
But the treatment comes with risks , warned the FDA .
It is a large device that can lead to cell loss in the cornea .
The manufacturer , VisionCare Ophthalmic Technologies Inc. , has agreed to include a detailed explanation of the risks associated with its implantation .
The company must also follow up with the subjects for another two years and conduct a new study of 770 subjects to monitor adverse events for five years after implantation .
Police are looking for a man who stabbed another man at the Ruby Junction MAX station in Gresham tonight .
Joshua Edman , 23 , told Gresham police investigators that he was staring at a man on the light rail platform at Southeast 197th Avenue and Burnside Street , when the man walked over to him and asked if he wanted to " go , " meaning to fight , according to Gresham police spokesman Adam Baker .
The victim agreed to fight , and both men pulled out knives .
During the fight , the suspect stabbed the victim at least one time in the abdomen , then took the victim 's knife away from him and threw it in the bushes before running westbound from the scene .
No witnesses were present at the time of the stabbing , Baker said .
Edman was taken to Oregon Health Sciences University .
Violence at MAX stations in Gresham have become an issue in recent years , but incidents have lessened in recent months in the wake of a beefed up transit police presence .
Police described the suspect as a black man in his mid-20's , five feet - seven to five feet - nine inches tall , medium build , and last seen wearing black shorts , a white tank top and a white bandanna .
It is unknown he was injured in the incident .
-- James Mayer
Japan - based NEC is dishing out a bit of info on their upcoming Android - based tablet called LifeTouch .
Featuring a 7 - inch TFT LCD screen at 800×480 resolution , the Android 2.1 device runs on an ARM Cortex A8 processor , gets 256MB of RAM , and sports a 3 MP camera .
Cloud - based solutions for businesses will link up to NEC servers for easy access .
The LifeTouch tablet will be available in Japan come October at price unknown at this time .
No word on international availability or if that ’s even in the cards .
[ via CrunchGear ]
This is the raw version of the news item from China a week ago that was featured here .
July 6 , 2010 Canton , China - Undercover police woman kills hostage taker .
Image caption Charlton also admitted pretending to have terminal cancer
A woman who tried to swindle more than £ 150,000 out of her grandmother and fiance has been ordered to repay £ 1 .
Emma Charlton , 25 , used their chequebooks to try to buy goods , but not all the cheques were cashed and she only got away with £ 26,704 .
Charlton , of Walkerville , Newcastle , admitted 23 fraud and theft charges in March and was jailed for three years .
But at a proceeds of crime hearing in Newcastle she was only ordered to repay £ 1 because she is " penniless " .
The hearing heard how she used her grandmother 's stolen chequebook to pay for more than £ 125,000 worth of holidays , food and jewellery .
She also posed as the editor of Vogue magazine to give the impression she was wealthy and to con her fiance Neil Lupton out of almost £ 30,000 .
' No assets '
Charlton , of Meadowfield Gardens , was caught after she used stolen cheques to pay for a charity fashion show at the Hilton Hotel in Gateshead , which never took place .
She was brought from her cell to attend the hearing on Thursday .
Mitigating , Michael Hodson said Charlton was not motivated by self interest but had been trying to create a fantasy world to feel better about herself .
Judge Brian Forster said : " In view of the fact that the defendant has no available assets I make a nominal finding in the sum of £ 1 . "
At a hearing earlier this year , Charlton , formerly known as Emma Golightly , also pleaded guilty to falsely claiming she had terminal cancer in a bid to obtain the services of a carer .
Image caption Bebo has struggled to compete against the likes of Facebook
Internet company AOL has sold Bebo , the social networking site it bought two years ago for $ 850 m ( then £ 417 m ) .
Criterion Capital Partners , a small private investment firm , announced that it had bought the business , but did not disclose the amount paid .
However , analysts suspect it to be just a fraction of the price paid by AOL in 2008 .
Since then , Bebo has struggled to compete effectively against social networking rivals such as Facebook .
Earlier this year , AOL announced plans to sell or shut down Bebo because it was unable to provide the " significant investment " needed to prevent its decline as a business .
The BBC 's technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones called AOL 's decision to buy Bebo " one of the worst deals ever made in the dotcom era " .
" The extraordinary thing is the deal was made years after the dotcom crash which was supposed to have taught the industry lessons , " he said .
" The interesting thing is that the founder , Michael Birch , walked away with $ 300 m - it 's the art of timing . "
' Active user base '
Criterion Capital 's plans for Bebo are unclear , and the company was not immediately available to give further details .
But the new owners are believed to see significant potential in the business .
Bebo's headquarters is set to remain in San Francisco , at least in the near term , but job losses have not been ruled out .
In a statement , Adam Levin , Criterion Capital 's managing partner , said there was plenty to be positive about .
" The young , highly active user base , revenue history , presence in countries throughout the world and solid technical infrastructure make it an attractive media platform , " he said .
Arizona GOP Gov. Jan Brewer reprimanded the media on Thursday for pushing the " ugly " and " ridiculous " story of her incorrectly claiming her father died in combat .
Brewer was caught Wednesday claiming that her father had " died fighting the Nazi regime in Germany " by the Arizona Guardian , which correctly pointed out her father died in 1955 in California .
Brewer issued a statement Thursday correcting the record but did not apologize for the misstatement .
And later that night , Brewer trashed the paper for reporting the story during an interview with Fox News 's Greta Van Susteren .
" It 's pathetic that they want to spin something to the fact that I have said this or I have said that in respect to what he did for his country , a very patriotic man , " Brewer said .
" For them to embellish and pathetically try to twist that into something ugly is ridiculous . "
Brewer then incorrectly asserted that she " never " said her father died fighting , despite having been quoted by both the Guardian and the Arizona Republic as saying so , and strung her statement to mean that her father died from the exposure to chemicals while working in a munitions factory during the Second World War .
" My father died fighting the German regiments of Hitler , " she said .
" And he did .
He was building the bombs . "
" I never said he was overseas , " she contended , though her initial statement seemed to indicate otherwise .
" I never once said he was in the military . "
" He was working on a military base in Hawthorne , Nev. , making bombs and ammunition to send , as were many people , " the governor added .
" They were all fighting the Nazi regiments in Germany to keep America free .
And it 's as simple as that . "
The Arizona Republic is a member of the Politico Network .
Several months ago , there was a time when CCFBits was always open to the public .
This however is no longer the case – the site has long since gone invite only and its doors remain shut for the most part .
If you still have n’t become a member of this tracker , good news is that today is the open registration day at CCFBits .
In case you were wondering , CCFBits is a huge private BitTorrent tracker indexing thousands of high definition ( HD ) releases .
It ’s a torrent site in the same league as HDChina , CHDBits , etc and is without a doubt one of the most famous trackers based in China .
Good download speeds , internal encoder groups , tons of torrents including movies , TV shows , documentaries and lossless music , decent leecher activity on indexed torrents – CCFBits pretty much has all the qualities you ’d look for in a good HD tracker .
Open registration day at CCFBits was announced sometime back but so far it has gone unnoticed in most BitTorrent news and invite forums .
The site ’s current maximum user limit is set to 20000 and at time of this post there were 19100 registered members , leaving around 900 free slots .
Note that this user base is pretty strong for a specialized tracker – there are n’t many private HD sites around with 20 k members .
The indexed torrent count is equally high - with over 17500 active torrents ( last time we reviewed this site back in July 2009 , it only had 700 ) being tracked by CCFBits ’s private tracker , it ’s a site that can rival the likes of HDChina and TorrentGui in terms of content .
Speaking of content , this site tracks Chinese / English movies , documentaries and TV shows - bulk of the releases are English , released by renowned scene / p2 p groups such as ESiR , CtrlHD , EuReKA and CTU .
In addition , they do have their own internal encoder groups such as Pa@Ph , OurSky , YYets , XTM , StTVG and YDY .
It ’s worth mentioning that CCFBits is home to some huge HD torrent packs – for example there is a movie pack that exceeds 500 GB in size .
Download speeds on CCFBits is generally very good and there are a lot of freeleech torrents around making it easy to maintain a good ratio .
While it has excellent content , CCFBits does not have the best interface around .
Primary interface language is Chinese ( with English labels for main functions ) and every torrent has it ’s name spelt both in Chinese and English .
Note that presence of a Chinese name does not mean the torrent is actually Chinese – most of the time it ’s English .
Chinese characters makes the layout somewhat cluttered ( at least for those us who do n’t know jack whack about Chinese ) but its a negligible issue .
If you want you can translate the site into English with the help of Google Chrome browser .
How to translate CCFBits to English with Google Chrome
Download the latest version of Google Chrome browser from here .
Visit CCFBits signup page through this link : http://ccfbits.org/signup.php.
Once the page is done loading , Google Chrome will automatically display several translation options ( the message will be displayed just beneath the address bar – you ca n’t miss it ) .
Choose the auto detected settings ( should be Chinese Simplified Hans to English ) and hit translate .
If you get the message ‘ Translation failed due to server error ’ keep re-trying .
Once translation of the first page is done , you can configure Google Chrome so that it automatically translates all TTG pages without prompting you .
Select the ‘ Options ’ button ( in the translation help popup ) and select ‘ Always translate Chinese Simplified Hans to English ’ from the drop down menu .
As said earlier signups will be open for a limited time only – it can either remain open throughout the day or it might close before that if the site hits its max capacity .
Get in while you can – this is a decent HD tracker .
Site Name : CCFBits ( http://ccfbits.org)
Signup URL : http://ccfbits.org/signup.php
If you liked this tracker may also like :
Timothy Doner , an enormously accomplished language learner at age 17 , talks with us in French , Mandarin and Russian , explains how each language " feels " to him , and shares some of his tips
For a plucky little forest cat , the key to survival might just be " monkey see , monkey do . "
The margay ( picture ) , or tree ocelot , mimics monkey calls to draw in prey , the nonprofit Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) announced Thursday .
Scientists in the Amazon rain forest 's Reserva Florestal Adolpho Ducke , near Manaus , Brazil , heard a margay imitating the call of a baby pied tamarin monkey in 2005 .
It was the first — and so far , only — scientifically documented case of a cat imitating a prey species in the Americas , team member Fabio Rohe , a researcher for the New York - based nonprofit WCS , said in an email .
Rohe added that he 's unaware of any other predators in the world using vocal mimicry as a hunting tool .
Though the high - pitched squeal was a " poor imitation " of a baby , it was similar enough to attract curious adult tamarins feeding nearby , Rohe said .
But when the monkeys crept closer , they spotted the margay and escaped before the cat could attack .
Listed as near threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) — meaning it 's likely to face a high risk of extinction in the near future — the margay is a spotted cat that grows to about 7 pounds ( 3.3 kilograms ) and typically feeds on small mammals , birds , and reptiles .
The cat 's chief threats are habitat destruction , the market for exotic pets and pelts , and angry farmers , known to shoot margays who raid poultry stocks , according to IUCN .
Monkey Mimicry Passed From Cat to Cat ?
Despite the margay 's lack of success that day , the observation suggests the cats use surprising " psychological cunning " to nab their dinner , Rohe said .
And the margay probably is n't the only sneaky cat in the jungle .
Rohe and colleagues interviewed people living in the central Amazon who reported hearing other cat species — such as cougars and jaguars — tricking their prey through mimicry .
( See big - cat pictures . )
Many of the South America 's prey species , such as macuco birds and agouti rodents make very sharp sounds that may be in the " potential repertoires " of cats , the researchers say .
What 's more , those repertoires may run in the family .
Margay moms , Rohe said , likely pass the imitation strategy on to their young .
In " wild cats , this learning with [ the ] mother seems to be essential for its survival . "
Every other week , we examine the most popular Facebook games ( according to monthly active users ) , looking at the top titles and developers on the social network to see who 's attracting or losing players .
Almost all of the top 20 games on Facebook continued to lose users in the past two weeks , with Zynga 'staking the biggest hit : now down to 66.6 million monthly active users ( surely an unlucky number ) from its already deflated count of 75.5 million in our last count Since its peak of 85 million users in March , before Facebook enacted changes to its application notification system to curb the " spam " many apps depend on for the viral growth , the farming simulation game has shed more than 18 million users .
Zynga's , currently the second most popular game on the social network with 28.3 million players , fared much better as it climbed up a spot and actually brought in some 200,000 new users since late May , but the same can't be said for the studio's other releases .
The developer 's ( # 4 ) , ( # 5 ) , ( # 6 ) , ( #8 ) , ( #10 ) , and ( # 16 ) each gave up a significant number of gamers , some as little as 300,000 but most closer to 's loss of 3.7 million .
Electronic Arts / Playfish 's social titles --( #9 ) , ( #13 ) and ( #15 ) -- suffered similar troubles , losing 1.5 million users , 1.9 million users , and 3 million users in the past two weeks respectively .
The only winner here in recent weeks is Mindjolt Games , a portal for more than a thousand casual online titles , which managed to jump from # 14 to # 7 with 5.5 new monthly active users for a total of 18.4 million -- but only after losing 13.1 million players in April .
All charts and data are courtesy of Facebook application metrics and trends site AppData
Israel 's military on Wednesday offered evidence of what it says is a growing threat from Hezbollah in southern Lebanon , using aerial images to highlight the militants group 's activities in towns and villages close to the Israeli border .
In a briefing to journalists , Israel Defense Forces Colonel Ronen Marley revealed previously classified photographs to show what he said was a unit of 90 Hezbollah militants operating in the village of Al - Hiyam , where they were storing weapons close to hospitals and schools .
Open gallery view IDF aerial photo marking alleged Hezbollah strongholds in southern Lebanon , released on July 7 , 2010 Credit : IDF
" Hezbollah is establishing itself with increasing strength in the villages , " Marley said .
" Every day they are collecting significant intelligence on our forces along the border and every day they are engaged in digging , building and laying communications infrastructure to prepare themselves for war . "
In the four years since Israel fought a month - long war with Hezbollah , the IDF had collected data on thousand of targets to be bombed by Israel in the event of renewed hostilities , Marley said .
In the last war , much of the fighting took place on open scrubland , he said .
But the deployment of United Nations forces in southern Lebanon had forced Hezbollah into built up areas where troops from the international UNIFIL force have no authority .
The IDF believes Hezbollah has an arsenal of some 40,000 short and medium range rockets stored in towns and villages south of the Litani River , with many of the weapons stored in private houses .
Hezbollah also has hundreds of longer range M -600 rockets capable of striking major Israeli cities , Marley said .
The weapons are operated by a force of some 20,000 armed Shi'a Muslim militants , around a third of which have undergone combat training in Iran , available for action at short notice .
Marley said every Shi'a Muslim village had a detachment of between 30 and 200 fighters , whose task would be to hold of the advance of enemy troops into built - up areas in the event of an Israeli invasion .
Email trail shows how biotech group helped watchdog to draw up analysis of GM crops ... and prompted two advisers to quit
A powerful lobbying organisation representing agribusiness interests helped draft a key government report that has been attacked by environmentalists for heavily favouring the arguments of the genetically modified food industry .
The revelation comes after the resignation of two government advisers who have criticised the close relationship between the Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) , the body that oversees the UK's food industry , and the GM lobby .
Emails between the FSA and the Agricultural Biotechnology Council ( ABC ) show the council inserted key sentences strengthening the case for GM food that ended up in the final report .
The report , " Food Standards Agency work on changes in the market and the GM regulatory system " , examines how GM products are entering the UK , where the growing of GM products is banned , through the animal feed system .
It acknowledges food prices could go up if GM products continue to be excluded .
Emails from the council – which represents leading GM food companies such as Monsanto and Bayer – to Dr Clair Baynton , the then head of novel foods at the FSA , show a close dialogue between both sides between 2008 and August 2009 , when the report was published .
On 19 November 2008 , Baynton sent the council a draft of the report , saying : " I am happy to discuss … if that would be helpful . "
In response , the council suggested a series of changes that emphasised how GM food was playing an increasingly important role in global agriculture and helping bring down food prices .
Some of the amendments were rejected by the FSA , but others were accepted .
One accepted alteration acknowledged the GM lobby 's argument that GM food is inevitable in the European Union because of its ubiquity elsewhere .
It stated that " retailers were concerned they may not be able to maintain their current non-GM sources of supply as producers increasingly adopt GM technology around the world " .
And the FSA also accepted the suggested amendment that soya protein ( which can be grown as a GM crop ) remains " the most cost - effective method of supplementing animal feed at present " .
Baynton replied a few days later : " Many thanks for your comments on the draft report " , and asked the council for help in finding evidence of the prevalence of GM foods , " either authorised or being considered for authorisation in Argentina , Brazil and the US " .
Months later , the council sent Baynton , a former employee of GM food producer Syngenta , a list of whom it wanted on a steering group overseeing a " public engagement exercise " on GM food .
The email stated : " We believe GM must be presented as an option within the wider context of food security as part of a solution to feeding a growing population . "
The FSA was due to start the public engagement exercise , which is expected to cost the taxpayer £ 500,000 , this month .
But the move is being seen in some quarters as a " rigged " exercise .
Two members who sit on the FSA 's steering group have resigned in protest .
Dr Helen Wallace , director of Genewatch UK , a scientific pressure group opposed to GM , stepped down last month .
Last week , the group 's vice - chairman , Professor Brian Wynne , an expert on public engagement with science , resigned , complaining that the FSA had adopted a " dogmatically entrenched " , pro-GM attitude .
Wallace said the emails " expose how the Food Standards Agency is acting as a puppet of the GM industry , by colluding with foreign GM companies to undermine people 's access to GM - free food supplies in Britain " .
The FSA is chaired by former Labour minister Lord Rooker , a GM enthusiast , who has attacked its critics as " anti-science " .
A confidential bid document to win the contract to run the engagement exercise , submitted by the polling company Ipsos MORI , acknowledges the sensitivity of the initiative .
" There will be no active seeking of media interest in relation to this project , " it explains .
The bidding document states that it works on behalf of a " multinational agro-chemical and seed company " and warns : " Campaign organisations who may feel that the ' battle ' was won in 2003 could decide to try and hijack the process to ensure GM food does not get a chance to be reintroduced into the UK . "
An FSA spokesman defended its decision to include the GM lobby 's suggested changes in the final report .
" In order to obtain an accurate picture of the situation , the FSA held a series of meetings with stakeholders before drafting this report , " the spokesman said .
" As the report was concerned with the markets for food and animal feed , the biotech industry had not been involved in these meetings .
However , in order to ensure the report was balanced and not to exclude this relevant stakeholder group , the view of the ABC was also sought .
Their comments were taken on board in the final draft , as were the comments by other stakeholders . "
But Wallace was critical of the decision .
" The stakeholder meeting was transparent – the changes made behind the scenes at the industry 's request were not , " she said .
" The report fails to represent the vast majority of GM - free farmers , who will have to pay a heavy price if their crops or seed are allowed to become contaminated with GM crops or seed . "
The row came as the environment secretary , Caroline Spelman , who used to work as director of a biotech lobbying firm , said that she was in favour of GM foods " in the right circumstances " .
Heads up Blue Devil fans , today we ’ve got some incredibly rare never - before - published pieces of Blue Devil history .
Gary Cohn , co-creator and co-writer of DC ’s Blue Devil , was kind enough to send copies of the original pitches used to sell the idea of Blue Devil to DC Comics .
For the first time ever , these proposals are being made available here for fans to read !
All the artwork displayed in this post comes from these proposals .
To my knowledge , some of these drawings have never been seen by the general public before now .
Over the past year Gary has been amazingly generous to fans of Blue Devil and the readers of ONCE UPON A GEEK !
Our most sincere thanks to Gary !
OTHER BLUE DEVIL RESOURCES
If you ’re a Blue Devil fan and this is your first time here , also be sure to check out :
Additionally , Dan and Gary did a fantastic interview about Blue Devil for Back Issue magazine a few years ago .
In that interview they discussed things such as : how they came together as a writing team ; what inspired them to create Blue Devil ; their original plan for Steve Ditko to draw Blue Devil ; and what was it like working with artist Paris Cullins .
Issue # 21 of Back Issue is available as a digital download from TwoMorrows Publishing !
THE FIRST PROPOSAL
The link below represents the very first proposal by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin for a 13 - page Blue Devil story .
This was put together with artist Steve Ditko in mind .
There are some notable differences between this original proposal and the final published comic , for example instead of Marla Bloom there is Dave Kaufman .
Also worth noting is that Dan does n’t get trapped in the suit in the typewritten plot , but some handwritten notes provide that major plot point .
The illustration beneath the link is Gary Cohn ’s attempt to portray Blue Devil as he imagined him .
It ’s quite possible this is the first drawing of the character .
THE COMPLETE SERIES PROPOSAL
This next link below represents the complete series proposal .
According to Gary , this proposal was used by legend Dick Giordano for years as a model of “ how to do it ” .
When someone would ask Dick what a series proposal should be like , he ’d show them his copy of this one .
By the time this proposal was assembled , they had secured the amazingly talented Paris Cullins as their artist .
Paris was around 19 years old and already a fantastic artist .
His work was exceptionally polished with a strong sense of design .
Please note one page of the proposal has been lost over the years and one page has repeated content .
When reading this proposal , I was surprised how close this early plan was to the final published product .
Probably the most notable changes were to the characters Marathon ( Vanquisher in the published work ) and Deathbolt ( Bolt in the published work ) .
In this proposal , they are alter - egos of the same person .
In the published work they are two distinct characters .
SAMPLE SCRIPT PAGE
This final link below represents a single dot - matrix page of dialogue from Blue Devil # 4 .
Gary included this to show how they wrote scripts back then .
THE CREATORS
Dan Mishkin & Gary
Cohn both have been professional writers for nearly 30 years .
Their writing credits go on for miles , whether writing as a team or independently .
They are probably best known together for creating Blue Devil and Amethyst Princess of Gemworld , but they have also written a great deal on their own .
Just to name a few items …
Dan wrote the Wonder Woman comic from 1982 through 1985 , and more recently published a children ’s book entitled The Forest King : Woodlark ’s Shadow ; Gary wrote Shi for Crusade Comics and the Masters of the Universe action figure mini-comics .
Paris Cullins was an active comic artist from 1980 - 1996 .
In the early 1980s he drew books such as : House of Mystery , Ghosts , The Unexpected , Weird War Tales , Richie Rich , and Hot Stuff .
Blue Devil was Paris ’ first full - length comic and proved to be his break - out work .
Soon after launching Blue Devil , Paris was working on numerous Who ’s Who entries and covers , as well as launching the Ted Kord Blue Beetle series .
Paris went on to work for other comic companies , including Marvel Comics , Acclaim Comics , Massive Comics Group , Penthouse International ( Penthouse Comix ) , and Crusade Comics .
CONCLUSION
Along with copies of the proposals , Gary sent me a very heartfelt letter about how the passing of Dick Giordano prompted him to send this material .
He stated that Dick was a friend , a great editor , and that Blue Devil probably would n’t have become a series without his patronage .
Making these proposals available to the fans is a bit of a tribute to Dick Giordano from Gary .
Once again , our thanks go out to Gary Cohn for generously sharing these proposals .
SACRAMENTO —
She has spent a fortune — $ 100 million and counting — and Republican Meg Whitman has not moved the dial against Jerry Brown in the gubernatorial race .
Despite an aggressive summer campaign in which she went on the offensive against Brown immediately after winning the GOP primary , Whitman remains stuck behind Brown , 37 percent to 34 percent , according to a survey released Wednesday night by the Public Policy Institute of California .
And her ramped - up attempt to appeal to Latino voters has not yet paid dividends : Brown ’s lead over Whitman among Latinos is more than double — 42 percent to 18 .
Brown also holds a slight lead among independents , 30 to 28 percent .
The poll surveyed 1,321 likely voters from July 6 - 20 with a margin of error of 2.7 percent .
In the same poll , U.S. Sen.
Barbara Boxer held a 39 to 34 percent lead over Republican challenger Carly Fiorina .
The numbers show , political observers said , that Whitman ’s strategy of using the typically slow summer months to attack Brown and cut into a core Democratic constituency may not be working , raising questions over whether Whitman might have to re-evaluate her overall approach .
“ Coming so soon after the primary campaign , people might be tuning out , ” said Jack Pitney , a government professor at Claremont McKenna College .
“ In the summer , people are n’t eager to pay attention to ads , and perhaps when they see another Meg Whitman ad , they virtually go someplace else .
It may be that her message is n’t connecting . ”
The Brown - Whitman matchups have remained fairly steady , though both have suffered erosion since January .
Brown led 41 percent to 36 percent in January .
Whitman overtook him in March , 44 - 39 ; and in May , Brown led 42 - 37 .
Whitman , a billionaire ex-CEO of eBay , has spent $ 14 million since the primary on top of the $ 91 million she spent ousting GOP rival Steve Poizer .
Her television advertisements have attempted to tar Brown with the imagery of an entrenched , “ failed ” politician .
While Brown has remained off the air , husbanding $ 23 million for the fall , a labor - backed independent group has spent about $ 6 million , airing ads in Southern California depicting Whitman as a liar .
“ It shows you can spent a lot of money , but at the end of the day , if you ’ve changed your positions on issues and told obvious lies , voters catch on to those things and they hold you accountable for them , ” said Sterling Clifford , Brown ’s spokesman .
“ She ’s been throwing everything against the wall and nothing seems to be sticking , ” said Roger Salazar , spokesman for California Working Families 2010 .
“ It says something about her , and about our own effort , but it also says Californians do n’t seem to be interested in pressing the ‘ Buy ’ button on Meg . ”
Whitman ’s campaign declined to answer questions about campaign strategy , issuing only a statement .
“ We know there will be many polls during this race , ” Whitman spokeswoman Sarah Pompei said .
“ We ’re confident that on Election Day in November , Californians will choose Meg ’s leadership to create jobs , cut spending and improve education . ”
Another poll , the Public Policy Polling survey , showed that 52 percent of voters — versus only 33 percent — believe there should be a legal limit on what a candidate can spend on his or her own campaign .
“ California voters may be telling Meg Whitman that she ca n’t buy this election , ” said Dean Debnam , president of Public Policy Polling , a Democratic firm based in Raleigh , N.C. , that surveys races around the country .
Public Policy Polling surveyed 614 likely California voters July 23 - 25 with a margin of error of 4 percent .
“ It ’s a hard slog for her , ” Pitney said .
“ Who knows what her numbers would look like if she had n’t spent all that money ?
Given the Democratic leanings of the state and Jerry ’s name ID , a 3 - point deficit is n’t bad .
Nevertheless , I ’m sure they ’re disappointed and were hoping they ’d be ahead at this point . ”
In a state with a 13 - point advantage for Democrats — 44.5 percent of registered voters are Democratic and 30.8 percent are Republican — Brown ’s built - in advantage is carrying him so far , said Bill Whalen , a fellow at the Hoover Institution and former aide to ex-Gov.
Pete Wilson .
“ She ’s staying even in what is a very hostile environment for any politician , ” Whalen said .
“ The burden of proof is always for a Republican to prove they ’re mainstream . ”
Contact Steven Harmon at 916-441-2101 .
You would n't want to wrap your new DSLR in it on a bumpy ride , but if your pocket point - and - shoot is in need of a new home , an Instructables editor recommends DIY - ing it with " the squishy stuff " — non - skid , impact - resistant shelf liner .
Advertisement
Owing to the wide range of colors and availability of shelf liner , which normally holds plates or other objects in place and protects both the drawer and its objects , it 's a good pick for a cut - it - yourself case .
Instructables Living editor Schoochmaroo claims to have dropped her own pocket camera numerous times while wrapped in the " squishy stuff , " and no harm has resulted .
Aside from good , spongy shelf liner , you 'll also need a small square of velcro and something to stitch the sides together .
You do n't get pockets , but , according to the crafter , you do get protection , and you do n't spend $ 15 on a branded bundle of cloth and styrofoam .
Tell us what you think of the case , or if you 've got another cheap - but - effective camera holder , in the comments .
Advertisement
5 minute Shock - Resistant Camera Case for Under $ 5 [ Instructables ]
While searching through some Devils news today , I came across a very interesting article from Rich Chere , who covers the Devils for the Star - Ledger .
In the article , Chere spoke to Jamie Langenbrunner , who still seems angry at ex-coach Jacques Lemaire for the way he ran the team this season .
As many fans , writers and bloggers ( including myself ) questioned Langenbrunner ’s leadership this season , the article attempts to fill in the gray area on what the team felt during the season .
It ’s a great read , and I suggest you take a look at it .
But there are some parts of the article I ’d like to dissect here to try and see how exactly the locker room morale played out last season .
We all saw the strain between Lemaire and Langenbrunner , particularly near the end of the season .
With Lemaire wanting to rest players , he decided to sit Langenbrunner for a game against the Carolina Hurricanes .
Langenbrunner was n’t happy about the situation , refusing to speak to the media for four days after the incident .
But some players believe there was more to the story .
Langenbrunner was unhappy about being a healthy scratch for the April 3 game in Raleigh , N.C. , and remained silent on the matter for the next four days .
He still will not discuss the incident in detail , but two other members of the organization suggested Lemaire disrespected Langenbrunner by trying to give the “ C ” to defenseman Colin White for that one game .
Clearly , the team did n’t respond well to this incident .
Colin
White said he would not accept the “ C ” , even in the one game .
It may have seemed underhanded , and White even believed he would be challenging the leadership of the team .
This incident seemed to be the tipping point with Langenbrunner .
He had n’t meshed well with Lemaire , and now the coach was attempting to take the “ C ” away after sitting him .
To many players , it seems as if Lemaire lost the respect of several players .
While I think this is minor , it clearly played a large role in the mind of the team .
But it did n’t end there .
Throughout the season , players chafed under some of Lemaire ’s policies .
Chere goes on to cite several complaints the team had against their former coach .
According to the article :
Lemaire ’s need to constantly juggle line combinations was questioned by some players and Ilya Kovalchuk ’s freewheeling individual freedom and quarterbacking on the power play did not sit well with others .
Many of the fans expressed these same feelings .
Lemaire decided to break up a highly successful line to redistribute the talent .
It did n’t work too well , and players like Ilya Kovalchuk and other players could never find their comfort zone with teammates .
Even when a line started to produce , Lemaire would break them apart .
These lines changes were maddening , and I do n’t blame the players for reacting negatively to the constant juggling Lemaire did .
What surprises me is the backlash towards Kovalchuk .
Instead of enjoying playing with the left - winger , it seems his style of play upset some of his teammates .
I especially am amazed about their feelings of him on the powerplay .
Maybe they considered him a puck hog , or maybe he just did n’t fit the system .
Whatever the case , I figured the team would be excited to play with him .
Instead , it seems like the players never saw him fit the team ’s style .
I wonder if their feelings will translate into whether or not Kovalchuk returns to the team this off - season .
Continue reading after the jump for more reaction from the article !
The article , however , does n’t entirely bash Lemaire .
At one point , Langenbrunner admitted that , at times , he failed to address the situation properly .
There were a few things that happened , a few issues that were tough for me to let go .
I probably did n’t handle them correctly .
Not all personalities completely mesh , but they are able to work together .
I had no problems with the way he treated me .
It was more about team issues that we would never agree on .
There were things Langenbrunner probably handled wrong ?
The way he handled being a healthy scratch against Carolina showed Langenbrunner ’s displeasure with Lemaire .
But he did n’t handle it correctly at all .
Refusing to speak to the media left Langenbrunner looking like an immature child .
I understand that not everyone will get along .
But when you ’re the captain of the team , you need to find a way to work in the system and get the other players to follow your lead .
It seems that Langenbrunner ’s attitude was n’t conducive to that type of leadership .
The article does n’t mention whether or not there was a locker room divide , but it clearly seems the riff was noticeable .
And , from Chere ’s description , the relationship between the captain and coach did nothing to help repair that riff .
So what does this all mean ?
Well , on the surface , it means that Lemaire may not have been the best coach for the team .
But finger pointing will only go so far .
The Devils will now hire yet another coach – their sixth in six years since the lockout .
It ’s time for the players to realize their mistakes .
I respect Langenbrunner admitting he did n’t handle every situation appropriately .
But the players still need to realize their mistakes as well .
The team cannot continue to chase out coach after coach .
Maybe coaches have been like fitting a square peg in a round hole .
But eventually , something has to give .
And it seems like the players are unwilling to give in .
The next coach will probably face some of these same challenges , and it ’ll be interesting how the staff deals with these issues .
As Chere showed , Lemaire could n’t fix that divide last year .
The phone display is something we stare at constantly every day .
We were blown away by the Samung Super AMOLED display when we saw the same at Mobile World Congress this year .
Then came the Retina display from Apple on the new iPhone 4 .
Both the phones were set to 100 % brightness with power saving off on the Galaxy S. Find out which display is better in this unique review .
We also have a video comparison embedded below .
Color Reproduction
The Galaxy S produces more accurate colors compared to the Retina display in which the images are slightly cooler .
But still is pretty close .
Check out the source image below
( Image )
Check out the source image below
( Image )
( Image )
Text
Text seems crisper on the iPhone 4 .
Icons
The icons on the iPhone 4 looks much more pleasing to the eye .
You can find out the reason below .
The SuperAMOLED display seems we have a wider reading angle .
The Retina display seems to be much brighter than the SuperAMOLED Display .
You will realise the positive effect of this only with a naked eye .
Here is the video we promised !
We can’t really say which display is better !
The iPhone 4 display is good for text and icons while the SuperAMOLED is good for the colors and the size .
You can vote for the best display below
http:// www.ubuntu- manual .
org
Our project is an open source volunteer effort to create and maintain quality documentation for Ubuntu and its derivatives .
Getting Started with Ubuntu 13.04 is a comprehensive beginner 's guide for the Ubuntu operating system .
It is written under an open source license and is free for you to download , read , modify and share .
The team is always open to new members and that 's one of our basic policies .
You can contact us at ubuntu- manual@ lists .
launchpad .net ( mailing list ) or you can visit our IRC channel on Freenode : #ubuntu-manual .
How to get involved : http:// ubuntu- manual .
org / getinvolved , send us an e-mail at mailing list
Job openings ( author and editor positions ) : http:// ubuntu- manual .
org / jobs
" Are you ready for this step ? " he asked .
" S_ - _-_- , yes , " Chapman allegedly gushed .
The undercover instructed her on how she would recognize her fellow spy and how to report back on the handoff , the feds said .
" Have n't we met in California last summer ? " the spy expecting the fake passport was supposed to say .
Chapman was to respond , " No , I think it was the Hamptons , " according to the FBI .
MOSCOW / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Russia and the United States appeared to be considering a spy swap on Wednesday to send home a ring of suspected Russian agents whose arrest cast an unwelcome Cold War chill over warming diplomatic ties .
A passenger reads the Daily Telegraph newspaper , featuring a front page interview with the ex-husband of accused Russian spy Anna Chapman , on the underground in London July 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
Officials for both governments declined to confirm a deal was in the works as U.S. federal prosecutors unsealed formal charges against the group .
But a Russian lawyer involved in the affair said a swap was discussed and a U.S. official said Washington might allow the suspected spies to plead guilty and then return to Russia in exchange for the release of certain Russian prisoners .
“ It ’s a common practice .
It ’s been done numerous times , ” the official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told Reuters .
All 10 suspects in U.S. custody are to be arraigned on Thursday before U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood .
Quick guilty pleas would avoid lengthy trials that officials fear may undercut improving U.S. - Russia relations .
The two countries are cooperating on Russia ’s bid to join the World Trade Organization , the global standoff over Iran ’s nuclear program and other issues .
The Russian lawyer said the proposed plan includes exchanging Russian nuclear expert Igor Sutyagin , who was sentenced to 15 years in jail in 2004 for passing classified military information to a British firm which prosecutors said was a front for the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency .
“ They want to exchange Sutyagin for one of those arrested in the United States for spying , ” Anna Stavitskaya , a lawyer acting for Sutyagin , told Reuters .
“ It is a one - for - one exchange .
So each of those detained in the United States will be swapped for one person from Russia . ”
The alleged Russian spy ring has been major news in the United States since counter - intelligence agents arrested the 10 people last month on suspicion of acting as deep - cover members of a network sent to infiltrate U.S. policymaking circles .
An 11th suspect was arrested in Cyprus but then disappeared after being granted bail .
“ VERY SENSITIVE DISCUSSIONS ”
Federal prosecutors in New York unsealed a grand jury indictment charging all of the suspects with acting as unregistered foreign agents and nine of them with conspiracy to commit money laundering .
Three suspects held in Virginia and two in Boston were ordered to be sent to Manhattan , court papers said .
Two of the Virginia detainees have admitted they were in the United States under fake names , according to prosecutors .
Only one of the 10 suspects in U.S. custody -- Vicky Pelaez , a columnist for the New York Spanish - language daily El Diario -- has been granted release pending trial .
The government has appealed that decision and a bail hearing has been set for Friday .
A lawyer representing another of the suspects , Anna Chapman , said he was in contact with Russian officials and that they had met with Chapman in jail .
“ We are in very sensitive discussions ... about a possible resolution of her case , ” federal defender Robert Baum said in an email to Reuters .
U.S. and Russian officials have vowed the spy case will not set back the broader relationship and U.S. officials appeared eager to play down the affair .
William Burns , under secretary of state for political affairs , touched on the spy case in talks with the Russian ambassador on Wednesday , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said without giving any details .
“ I ’d have to refer you to the Justice Department on any speculation about a spy swap , ” Toner said .
Justice Department officials declined to comment .
A spokeswoman for Russia ’s Foreign Intelligence Service ( SVR ) also declined to comment and no Russian official has yet confirmed that a swap could take place .
News of the possible swap emerged after Sutyagin was suddenly moved this week from a prison in Kholmogory , in Russia ’s northern region of Arkhangelsk , to Moscow ’s high - security Lefortovo prison and allowed to see his family .
Sutyagin told his family , including brother Dmitry , of the plans to exchange him for the accused in the United States in a swap that would involve travel to Vienna and London .
Dmitry said Sutyagin had seen a list of names of other people who would be swapped .
One name on the list was Skripal -- a likely reference to Sergei Skripal , a Russian officer who was convicted of spying for Britain in 2006 .
“ Sutyagin agreed to the swap offer as he had no other choice left .
He knew that otherwise his whole life would be broken , ” said Stavitskaya .
“ But he still insists he is innocent . ”
In my code journeys and programming adventures I ’ve encountered many strange foes , and even stranger allies .
I ’ve identified at least five different kinds of code warriors , some make for wonderful comrades in arms , while others seem to foil my every plan .
However they all have their place in the pantheon of software development .
Without a healthy mix of these different programming styles you ’ll probably find your projects either take too long to complete , are not stable enough or are too perfect for humans to look upon .
The duct tape programmer
The code may not be pretty , but damnit , it works !
This guy is the foundation of your company .
When something goes wrong he will fix it fast and in a way that wo n’t break again .
Of course he does n’t care about how it looks , ease of use , or any of those other trivial concerns , but he will make it happen , without a bunch of talk or time - wasting nonsense .
The best way to use this person is to point at a problem and walk away .
The OCD perfectionist programmer
You want to do what to my code ?
This guy does n’t care about your deadlines or budgets , those are insignificant when compared to the art form that is programming .
When you do finally receive the finished product you will have no option but submit to the stunning glory and radiant beauty of perfectly formatted , no , perfectly beautiful code , that is so efficient that anything you would want to do to it would do nothing but defame a masterpiece .
He is the only one qualified to work on his code .
The anti-programming programmer
I ’m a programmer , damnit .
I do n’t write code .
His world has one simple truth ; writing code is bad .
If you have to write something then you ’re doing it wrong .
Someone else has already done the work so just use their code .
He will tell you how much faster this development practice is , even though he takes as long or longer than the other programmers .
But when you get the project it will only be 20 lines of actual code and will be very easy to read .
It may not be very fast , efficient , or forward - compatible , but it will be done with the least effort required .
The half - assed programmer
What do you want ?
It works does n’t it ?
The guy who could n’t care less about quality , that ’s someone elses job .
He accomplishes the tasks that he ’s asked to do , quickly .
You may not like his work , the other programmers hate it , but management and the clients love it .
As much pain as he will cause you in the future , he is single - handedly keeping your deadlines so you ca n’t scoff at it ( no matter how much you want to ) .
The theoretical programmer
Well , that ’s a possibility , but in practice this might be a better alternative .
This guy is more interested the options than what should be done .
He will spend 80 % of his time staring blankly at his computer thinking up ways to accomplish a task , 15 % of his time complaining about unreasonable deadlines , 4 % of his time refining the options , and 1 % of his time writing code .
When you receive the final work it will always be accompanied by the phrase “ if I had more time I could have done this the right way ” .
Where do you fit ?
Personally , I ’d have to classify myself as the perfectionist .
So , which type of programmer are you ?
Or perhaps you know another programming archetype that is missing from my list ?
Post a comment below and I ’ll add it to a new updated list .
First drunk by ancient Egyptians and Greeks , absinthe was originally outlawed because scientists said one of its key ingredients , wormwood , contained the thujone molecule they blamed for causing hallucinations and brain damage .
In fact , recent research has proved that the original absinthe did nothing more than get people blind drunk , was no stronger than whisky and in any case contained little thujone .
Kandidatin des Neofeudalismus Peter Mühlbauer
Die von der Linkspartei nominierte Lukrezia Jochimsen befürwortet den Einsatz des Strafrechts gegen Bagatell - Urheberrechtsverletzungen weil sonst der " Respekt " vor dem " Geistigen Eigentum " schwinden könnte
Lukrezia Luise Jochimsen ist die Ursula von der Leyen der Linkspartei .
Nachdem die wenig integrative Arbeitsministerin letzte Woche als CDU - Kandidatin für die Bundespräsidentschaftswahl im Gespräch war , stieß sie in Foren , Blogs und Facebook sofort auf offensive Ablehnung .
Dass das bei Lukrezia Jochimsen wahrscheinlich nicht in diesem Ausmaß passieren wird , liegt nur daran , dass kaum jemand die Frau kennt .
Als der Bundestag vor vier Jahren darüber debattierte , ob die Verschärfung des Urheberrechts durch die Einführung einer Bagatellklausel abgefedert werden sollte , die eine Kriminalisierung weiter Teile der Bevölkerung verhindert hätte , wurde dies von Lukrezia Jochimsen im Plenum mit der Begründung abgelehnt , solch eine Bagatellklausel würde " genau das schwächen , was unsere Gesellschaft dringend braucht : das Rechtsbewusstsein , welches geistiges Eigentum respektiert " .
Jochimsens Äußerungen waren offenbar kein " Ausrutscher " .
Ihrer gegenüber der Presse für sie sprechenden Mitarbeiterin Mühlberg zufolge standen sie " im Einklang mit den auf Bundesebene von der [...]
Linkspartei , formulierten Positionen zum Urheberrecht . "
Damals gingen die von der SPD vorgeschlagenen Verschärfungen des Urheberrechts nicht nur der jetzigen Bundespräsidentschaftskandidatin , sondern auch anderen Linke - Politikern nicht weit genug .
Tatsächlich schlug sich die Partei in dieser Frage lieber auf die Seite von CDU und FDP .
Zum Antrag der FDP zur " weiteren Modernisierung des Urheberrechts " hieß es von der Linkspartei - Referentin für Kultur - und Medienpolitik auf Nachfrage , dies sei " ein Anliegen dem wir als Fraktion nur zustimmen können " .
Offenbar auch wegen der Erfolge der Piratenpartei klingt das bei manchen Linkspartei - Politikern mittlerweile ein bisschen anders :
So verlautbarte etwa Petra Sitte im März dieses Jahres , dass " Mashups , Remixes und die Nutzung von Tauschbörsen [...] nicht kriminalisiert werden " dürften .
Außerdem solle das Urheberrecht " nicht als Keule einer untergehenden , bald vergangenen Zeit " verwendet werden .
Eine Äußerung , die sich möglicherweise auch auf die vierundsiebzigjährige Jochimsen bezog , die von der Leipziger Volkszeitung als eine " Frau von vorgestern " charakterisiert wurde .
Welche dieser sehr gegensätzlichen Positionen zum Immaterialgüterrecht in der Linkspartei tatsächlich vorherrscht , wird sich auch daran zeigen , wie viele der 124 oder 125 von der Partei entsandten Teilnehmer in der Bundesversammlung für die Bundespräsidentschaftskandidatin stimmen .
Gründe dagegen gibt es allerdings auch abseits Jochimsens neufeudaler Positionen zu Monopolen und Privilegien :
Ihre mangelnde politische Weitsicht offenbarte die Frau unter anderem damit , dass sie offen zugab , 1998 begeistert für Gerhard Schröder gestimmt zu haben , weil der Mann , dessen " Reformen " im Unternehmensrecht erheblich zum Ausbruch der Finanzkrise beitrugen , " politisches Charisma " gehabt hätte .
Die extreme Zerrissenheit der Linkspartei in Fragen , die abseits von Afghanistankrieg und Sparpaket liegen , zeigt sich auch anderswo : Die Gruppierung beherbergt einerseits Politiker wie Lutz Heilmann , der beim Landgericht Lübeck eine zeitweilige Abschaltung der Weiterleitung von wikipedia.de auf wikipedia.org erwirkte , weil er mit seiner dortigen Darstellung nicht einverstanden war , andererseits aber auch solche wie Heiko Hilker , der dazu meinte , dass Heilmann Vorgehen , sofern es keine PR - Aktion sein sollte , " offenbart [... ] , dass ihm das technische Verständnis für das Internet fehlt , er juristisch oberflächlich arbeitet sowie als Politiker unfähig ist , die geeigneten Mittel einzusetzen . "
Eine gerechte Gesellschaft , so Hilker , werde man " nicht über Einstweilige Verfügungen und Verbote gegen die virtuelle Welt erstreiten " , welche die Meinungsfreiheit einschränkt und Selbstzensur befördert .
Ein Jahr vorher hatte die damalige stellvertretende Parteivorsitzende Katina Schubert weltweit Aufsehen erregt , als sie Wikipedia wegen Verwendens verfassungsfeindlicher Symbole in Artikeln zur NS - Zeit anzeigte , weil die Bebilderung und die Zitate aus Quellen ihrer Ansicht nach " über das rechtlich geschützte Maß hinaus " gingen .
Obwohl Schubert die Anzeige später zurückzog , bestand sie weiterhin darauf , dass ihre " Kritik " berechtigt gewesen sei .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Image caption Dec was watching the England match at a local pub
TV star Declan Donnelly was among hundreds of football fans in London who missed England 's all - important World Cup goal after a power cut .
The outage , which began at 1520 BST , affected thousands of homes in west London , said energy firm EDF .
" We were watching the game in a pub in Kew , " Donnelly told the BBC News website .
" One minute before the goal , the power went . "
" We got a text from a mate in Swindon , who told us about the goal , " he added .
The 34 - year - old , who sang England 's 2002 World Cup song We 're On The Ball , said he and his friends " rushed out into the street and listened to the rest of the first half on car radios " .
Image caption Ant and Dec ( right ) sang England 's World Cup song in 2002
Jermain Defoe scored England 's only goal , 22 minutes into the match against Slovenia in Port Elizabeth , South Africa .
It gave Fabio Capello 's side the three points they required to avoid an early exit from the tournament .
Although Donnelly - best known for his TV partnership with Anthony McPartlin - made it back to his production office in Chiswick for the second half , the rest of the match proved lacklustre .
" It felt like another part of following England in this World Cup , " said the star , philosophically .
" It 's just another part of supporting the team against all the odds .
" I suppose it 's par for the course , really . "
What aspects of personal finance does your financial plan cover ?
Are you focusing on the right things and bouncing your ideas off somebody knowledgeable and trustworthy ?
Does your financial plan excite you ?
( Because it should . )
Or do you have a plan at all ?
Following is a Financial IQ
Test to help you determine how healthy your financial plan is .
Simply look at each statement , and answer it with a YES , NO , or NOT SURE .
Keep track of your answers , and we 'll see how you score at the end .
Then , check out the resource articles below to increase your knowledge base .
Financial IQ Test : How Healthy is your Financial Plan ?
Areas Covered
My financial plan addresses Estate Planning .
My financial plan addresses Tax Planning .
My financial plan addresses Insurance Planning .
My financial plan addresses Retirement Planning .
My financial plan addresses Budgeting and Cash Flow .
My financial plan addresses Asset Allocation .
My financial plan addresses both long - term and short - term savings – with specific investment goals noted .
My financial plan addresses Emergency Funds .
Updating
My financial plan is written down , and updated at least once every three years , or when a significant life change happens .
I re-evaluate my goals regularly and change my financial plan if my goals have significantly changed .
I have a contingency plan .
Comprehensive Planning
My financial plan focuses on more than just investment returns and portfolio composition .
My financial planner is somebody I feel comfortable with , and who I trust .
I ’m not solely focused on goals for the future , and instead have short - term goals that are fulfilling and which keep me motivated and happy .
Major life events ( and goals ) like having a family are taken into account and financially planned for .
I understand that I do n’t need to be a certain age to start financial planning .
My plan incorporates a balance between planning for tomorrow and living for today .
My financial plan is entirely tailored to me and my needs , and is not a template .
Numbers and Projections
My financial plan takes into account inflation , as well as present and future values of money .
My financial plan includes projections of the future values my automatic savings plans .
The rates of return used in my financial projections are modest average returns based on a long history of performance and asset allocation standards .
Scoring
Did you keep track of how many times you answered YES , NO , and NOT SURE ?
Great !
Give yourself the following points for each answer :
YES = 4 points
NO = 0 points
NOT SURE = 2 points
Analysis
Score 0 - 28 : If you have a plan at all , it ’s not very good .
You ’ve got to plan for your future ( as well as today ) , because nobody else will do it for you .
On a personal note , I “ retired ” at the age of 30 because I had a financial plan from the day I started working .
My intention was never to retire so young ( and in reality I still have to work to keep my full - time travel lifestyle alive ) , but with my attention to financial fitness and diligent saving , I had the financial freedom to choose some pretty liberating options at a relatively young age .
Check out some of the Wise Bread resources below to get started on your own financial plan .
Remember , you ’re not committing to anything and nothing is set in stone with your financial plan ; it should evolve with your life .
Score 29 - 56 : Getting there …
Okay , so you ’ve probably thought about financial planning , and you may even have a plan of sorts in place , but you ’re probably missing out on a number of aspects of financial planning that could be very beneficial for you .
Do n’t be afraid to use the services of an expert , and ask lots of questions .
Knowledge is power , and being afraid of your finances does nobody any good and you a whole heap of harm .
If you do n’t know what you do n’t know , then check out the resources below to get started .
Score 57 - 84 : Keep on planning !
You likely have a fairly comprehensive financial plan , and you ’re on the right track overall .
Keep reviewing your plan , and use it as a motivational road map for life – not just a dull series of meaningless projections .
Remember to incorporate things into your financial plan that keep you motivated , and focus on your goals instead of dollar amounts .
Knowing how your money will help you live your life and enable your dreams is much more rewarding than focusing on numbers without meaning .
Wise Bread Resources on Financial Planning
Other Financial IQ Tests on Wise Bread
In his time , the late great Shel Silverstein had a half dozen different entertainment careers .
He was a cartoonist for Playboy , a poet , even a screenwriter , and he is most well known for his children 's books .
Most of the internet sites I have found are dedicated to his work as a children 's author .
Hardly any , however , talk about the coolest part of his career : songwriting .
He was mostly covered by country singers , but his best spokesmen turned out to be the freaks of Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show .
He wrote all their greatest songs .
Mr. Silverstein was a freak among freaks , and he will be sorely missed .
Freakin ' at the Freaker 's Ball
Johnny Cash - A Boy Named Sue
Loretta Lynn -
One 's on the Way
Dr. Hook - Cover of the Rolling Stone
Dr Hook - Queen of the Silver Dollar
Dr. Hook - Get My Rocks Off
Dr. Hook - Sylvia 's Mother
***************************
Shel Silverstein at FamousPoetsAndPoems.com
Read Shel 's epic poem " The Devil and Billy Markham "
Holla Back !
Music Sustains the Soul
To Al 's More Things Log
The player nicknamed STAT ( Standing Tall And Talented ) should now begin calling himself Standing Tall And Jewish .
Yes people , believe it , basketball fans have just discovered that Amare Stoudemire is part of the “ Jew Crew ” .
After recently amplifying his interest towards the religion , Amare is now in pursuit of learning more about his cultural and religious roots .
He plans to do so by traveling to the Holy Land .
This morning Stoudemire boarded a plane straight to Israel .
The NBA superstar will be staying for two months and will be learning the Hebrew language and more about his cultural background .
This includes visiting the sacred city of Jerusalem .
His Jewish roots became exposed through his avid “ tweeting ” and it became known that Amare is part of the ‘ Chosen People ’ .
By saying Hebrew phrases like : “ Boker Tov ” ( Good morning ) , “ Shalom ” - ( Hello ) and “ ze ha ha’lom sheli ” -( This is my dream ) Amare has provoked his thousands of followers on Twitter to be extremely curious about his Jewish background .
Amare has been conscious of his religion from youth as he always knew his mother Carrie was Jewish .
In fact , months ago in Phoenix when the Suns supported the protest of new Latino immigration law and became the “ Los Suns ” to honour the Latino - American culture , Amare was a huge advocate due to the Jewish significance of Spanish ancestry .
He further tweeted …
“ “ We support the Latin community .
They are apart of the 12 tribes of Israel .
It 1 Nation under YAH ( god ) .
Let ’s come together .
Shalom !!
1love ”
Stoudemire also has a series of Hebrew letters written on his neck and according to Sacramento Kings Israeli star Omri Casspi , he also recently tattooed the Star of David or “ Magen David ” on his arm ( he also has a “ Black Jesus ” tattoo but in good taste we will disregard its existence ) .
Hopefully Amare ’s new - found interest in his faith will bring some fresh hope to the Knicks , who have n’t won an NBA championship in 37 years .
The only question is ………. when is the circumcision ?
I think the Rabbi is going to have to find a bigger pair of scissors
Mazel Tov
-CC
Sound not as memory but experience [ Image : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
Take a Closer Listen is a project by the talented Dutch graphic designer Take a Closer Listen , this past winter .
[ Image : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
Flipping through the pamphlet is like reading a silent soundtrack to a landscape you will never see in full .
[ Images : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
Zuydervelt 's original inspiration for the project is worth quoting in full :
It was a beautiful , sunny day in July , and I was lying in a park in Geneva .
My iPod was out of batteries , but I still had my headphones on .
I closed my eyes and listened to the sounds surrounding me .
Having these earphones in somehow gave me the idea that I was more actively listening than I normally would .
As if these environmental sounds were playing on my iPod .
A world was slowly unfolding to me .
I could hear people talking , cycling , walking and roller - skating .
A dog barking .
A truck passing .
Behind me , there was the rhythmic sputter of a sprinkler installation , and kids laughing and fooling around .
I could hear a wine bottle being uncorked 3 and a box of crackers being opened .
But most enjoyable were the sparrows , flying around nervously , trying to get hold of breadcrumbs .
They were flying from tree to tree , from my left ear to my right .
A chirp here and there .
Sometimes they would burst out in an excited chirping laughter , as if they were watching a ballgame and someone scored .
It felt like listening to a great radio play .
I just had to do something with this .
A project on environmental sound .
Maybe a book ?
Here , below , are some sample spreads from the book , as well as one or two examples I particularly enjoyed reading .
[ Images : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
Many of the stories are worth reading in full , if for no other reason than to watch how acoustic information is made narratively accessible through verbal description .
Here is Romke Kleefstra , for instance , on " the flapping of birds ' wings " :
In winter , over 30,000 geese spend the night at a roost near one of the Frisian lakes , not far from my house .
At sunrise I often go there to watch them .
Especially their spectacular departure .
To fly to a nearby place to spend the day feeding on meadows , the geese will lift off together , in one big movement .
Imagine a group of over a thousand percussionists , positioned in a diamond shape , all having a floor tom and two brushes .
A split second after the rightmost percussionist starts a five second ruffle , the percussionists left of him do the same , and so forth .
Further to the middle of the group , the sound grows louder , fading again when the middle is passed , leaving the leftmost percussionist to make the final beat on his kit .
A group of alto sax players is mimicking this movement by simultaneously blowing short puffs .
It ’s truly incredible .
Or here is Chris Herbert on " echoes in a tube station , " the London Underground turned into a vast musical instrument made of compressed human voices :
A few years ago , I wandered into a tube station on the deeply buried Central Line in London .
Along the platform and out of my line of sight , three or four girls were singing close RnB harmonies .
By the time this arrived at my ear , it had been bounced along several hundred metres of tunnel , an unfathomable series of natural comb filters that rendered it an unintelligible but gorgeous wooze , speckled with the faint percussive clank and rumble of a fully operational mass transit system .
Although I sometimes record environmental sounds , you can never really be prepared for those one - off events that take you by surprise .
In a way , I ’m glad all I was able to do was stand and listen when I chanced upon the most beautiful improvised arrangement .
I think every piece of music I have ever made has tried but fallen short of recalling this moment .
The assumed ephemeral nature of these found sounds becomes readily apparent after reading Zuydervelt 's edited collection ; but is the intangible , nostalgic , beyond - grasp nature of sound inherent to the sonic experience , or simply an artifact of the rhetorical tone most often used in today 's writing about the acoustic environment ?
In other words , are sounds really the disappearing remnants of a world that we are always trying — and failing — to reassemble ?
Is there really always a connection between sound and memory or sound and nostalgia — not sound and
[ Images : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
For instance , as a rhetorical counterexample — one that does not rely on memory at all in order to communicate the acoustic and experiential value of a given sound — here is Nate Wooley on " the drone of an electrical generator " :
There ’s a giant generator that heats and cools the large library building for the main campus of New York University .
The sound of its drone is very deep , rich and colorful .
The overtones seem to dance above a base set of fundamentals the same way as in an Eliane Radigue or Phill Niblock piece .
It changes slowly and organically , almost imperceptibly , from one place to the other .
No one just walking by would ever even notice its almost human quality , but if you stand and listen for five minutes , the building seems to breathe and sing .
And I was particularly struck by this one — here is Felicity Ford on " the clunk of a cooling paint can " : I love the sound of paint tins in an outside building responding to shifts in temperature .
When they get warm , the air inside the tins expands , and then when they cool down again , the air contracts , pulling the metal lids down with a subtle , percussive clunk .
I love how it sounds a little bit like a steel drum — sort of musical and metallic .
And I love how the sound always comes as a surprise .
The crisp , animate nature of both of those — the electrical generator and the paint cans alike — is astonishing .
[ Image : From Take a Closer Listen , designed and edited by Rutger Zuydervelt ] .
Of course , certain sounds do seem maddeningly unrepeatable and lost to time — for instance , the utter weirdness of things like the
But descriptions are descriptions , not technical reproductions of noise itself .
I 'm reminded of those ads from seven or eight years ago — perhaps produced by sounded bad .
( See also my recent Q&A with sonic historian Sabine von Fischer for the Canadian Centre for Architecture about some of these ideas :
In any case , Take a Closer Listen is a fascinating project , and I would love to see it opened up to the entire commenting public , perhaps as a dedicated website , a global archive of acoustic descriptions from anyone who wants to log - in.
is a project by the talented Dutch graphic designer Rutger Zuydervelt in which a variety of people have been asked to describe their favorite sound .
The results — which range from quick , five - word responses to entire short narratives about found sounds — were collected into an eponymous booklet , , this past winter .
Flipping through the pamphlet is like reading a silent soundtrack to a landscape you will never see in full .
Zuydervelt 's original inspiration for the project is worth quoting in full :
Here , below , are some sample spreads from the book , as well as one or two examples I particularly enjoyed reading .
Many of the stories are worth reading in full , if for no other reason than to watch how acoustic information is made narratively accessible through verbal description .
Here is Romke Kleefstra , for instance , on " the flapping of birds ' wings " :
Or here is Chris Herbert on " echoes in a tube station , " the London Underground turned into a vast musical instrument made of compressed human voices :
The assumed ephemeral nature of these found sounds becomes readily apparent after reading Zuydervelt 's edited collection ; but is the intangible , nostalgic , beyond - grasp nature of sound inherent to the sonic experience , or simply an artifact of the rhetorical tone most often used in today 's writing about the acoustic environment ?
In other words , are soundsthe disappearing remnants of a world that we are always trying — and failing — to reassemble ?
Is therealways a connection between sound and memory or sound and nostalgia — not sound and physical experience , say , or even sound as a subset of astronomy For instance , as a rhetorical counterexample — one that does not rely on memory at all in order to communicate the acoustic and experiential value of a given sound — here is Nate Wooley on " the drone of an electrical generator " :
And I was particularly struck by this one — here is Felicity Ford on " the clunk of a cooling paint can " :
The crisp , animate nature of both of those — the electrical generator and the paint cans alike — is astonishing .
Of course , certain sounds do seem maddeningly unrepeatable and lost to time — for instance , the utter weirdness of things like the Bloop Julia , and the eery Slowdown , even , for that matter , # pdxboom — but I have to wonder if the gossamer - like ghostly nature of sound , its always - slipping - away - into - nothing - ness , is not simply the result of writers emotionally acting out their own inability to conjure a sound in its precise and every detail .
The language used becomes a performance of personal yearning , not a description of the sound at all .
But descriptions are descriptions , not technical reproductions of noise itself .
I 'm reminded of those ads from seven or eight years ago — perhaps produced by Meineke ?— in which customers were shown unsuccessfully acting out the strange noises their car engines had begun to make , implying that fixing an automobile is at least as much about re-tuning industrial machinery to fit within an appropriate acoustic range as it is about remedying potentially fatal mechanical flaws .
It also makes me wonder if a car has ever been recalled because it .
( See also my recent Q&A with sonic historian Sabine von Fischer for the Canadian Centre for Architecture about some of these ideas : Noise versus noise ) .
In any case , is a fascinating project , and I would love to see it opened up to the entire commenting public , perhaps as a dedicated website , a global archive of acoustic descriptions from anyone who wants to log -in .
Newer | Older
Javascript is required to view this site .
Please enable it .
Northwest Film Forum
1515 12th Ave ,
Seattle , WA 98122
206 329 2629
I have been using Ubuntu which is an open source distribution from Linux OS since last 2 months now .
Though I was aware of some basic and pro programming in this OS , I had some minor problems and difficulties installing some softwares and getting things right the way I wanted them to .
I took help of many websites and after so many trial and errors , Now I am using Ubuntu happily .
If you are using windows , then you will surely find any urgent help you need but in Ubuntu or any other distribution of Linux , you will have to search a little but harder .
I recommend you to use Ubuntu and if you might be a newbie , I am giving you some ways by which you can find help about your Linux installation .
I am giving you 8 ways to get help to your problems and find an answer the easiest way you can .
As usual , I will hope that you like the article and would love to share it to others 🙂 enjoy !
1. Google
As any tech expert like me would say : “ For every question of life , There is a Google page ” !
Whenever I get any problem in my laptop , the first internet page I open is Google and there is no wonder about that as it is the easiest way to get a solution in no time .
So whenever you find any problem , you should look into Google first .
2. Ububtu Guide
This user guide is actually a wikipedia page but it contains solutions to all the basic problems a newbie ubuntu user can face .
It is a must read guide for a newbie user as it explains all the points from installing ubuntu to driver installation to installing your video and sound card as well .
3. IRC channels
If you have any quick question or you dont feel like registering on forum sites to ask your question , this service is for you .
All you have to do is to install X - chat from ubuntu software center and then goto IRC channel which will connect you to Ubuntu servers and you can chat with the experts there .
They will try their best to solve your problem in a quick session .
Do n’t forget to thank people who help you out there .
They love it .
4. Ubuntu Forums
Ubuntu forums are also the quickest way to get help .
Go through the topics already posted there and you may add your own question as well .
But my advice will be to always follow Method No.1 as there might be chances that someone has already answered that question and you get it easily .
You have to register to post your question as in every other forum site .
5. LGU – Linux User Groups
A Linux user group is where people meet to discuss their views , solve problems and help people about various topics and problems .
They have been a very active and important part of Linux support for a long time .
You can find an LGU near you on Google .
You might be having one in your university or your around your work place .
6. Wikipedia and Forums
Again , this is also the part of topic No.1 which includes everything .
If you do n’t find any suitable answer than you should know how to use Google to get search results according to your need .
7. Get Help from the Developers
For any software or application developed in the world anywhere , there will be some support available .
The developer surely leave their email address anywhere by which you can contact them and get help .
They would love it and will be ready to solve your problem because they know that their application is being used .
Please do n’t forget to say thanks to them and appreciate their work .
8. Report a Bug
if you do n’t find any solution even after following all the above given steps , you should soon report it as a bug and the developers will look into it and give you more details about what could be done .
If you are using such a great freeware like Linux , you should surely contribute by every possible way you can .
I hope you liked the article and will surely find a way to solve your any kind of problem about Ubuntu Linux .
Feel free to leave a word of appreciation or any suggestion or any other way which you might want to include in this list .
Thanks and cheers 🙂
There is , of course , no defense for Helen Thomas ’s anti-Semitic remarks , and in isolation the consequences are unobjectionable .
But why Pat Buchanan remains a constant presence on The Serious TeeVee News is also hard to defend or explain , just as I have yet to understand why the adultery of President , Attorney General , and Associate Justice John Edwards makes him History ’s Greatest Monster while Rudy Guiliani and John McCain ’s adultery did n’t stop them from become beloved media figures .
' People know my voice before they see my face .
It 's what I always wanted ' :
The world according to Morgan Freeman
' I learned the power of charm early on in life .
As a young black man in Fifties America in Mississippi you have to learn something extra special to keep yourself out of trouble , ' said Morgan Freeman
Morgan Freeman , born into poverty in 1937 , was n't a hit as an actor until his forties , when he appeared in the film Street Smart .
It won him his first Golden Globe award , and he 's since appeared in The Shawshank Redemption , Driving Miss Daisy , Million Dollar Baby , Bruce Almighty ( as God ) , and Batman Begins , among many others .
As a black actor in Hollywood his idol was Sidney Poitier .
He laughs : ' When I met him we started to have a conversation about who was the better actor .
In the end I decided it was me because I could sing and I could dance .
Sidney can't do all three .'
His most recent role is as Nelson Mandela in Invictus , the story of the alliance between Mandela and the South African rugby captain , Francois Pienaar , played by Matt Damon .
' Do n't make the mistake of thinking this movie is about rugby , ' he says .
' I knew nothing about rugby and still know nothing .
This movie is about the relationship between Mandela and Pienaar , how they united a country , united black and white , how Mandela , who was the leader , gave his country a champion .
It 's a story about men , relationships and courage . '
Freeman , who divorced for the second time three years ago , has four children and owns a restaurant and two blues clubs .
In 2008 he almost died in a car crash near his home in Mississippi .
He says : ' I 'm still living with the pain .
I get nerve pains in my arms which bother me but I 'm walking , I 'm working and I 'm still smiling .
I 'm a lucky man . '
Playing Mandela is harder than playing God .
I am lucky enough to call Nelson Mandela a friend .
I call him Madiba , as he 's known by his people .
I met him in 1993 and I knew I was in the presence of greatness .
A year later he said if any actor played him he'd like it to be me , which is probably the greatest compliment I 've received .
From that point I 've been looking for the right project , which finally happened with Invictus .
What I wanted to get across was Mandela the man .
On the occasions I 've been with him I study him , how he speaks to everyone , notices everyone .
I studied his movements so many times , his walk , his hand movements , the way he holds his head .
One of the most humbling things he once told me was that he worries that people will forget him .
Can you imagine him thinking that ?
It meant a lot to me how he felt about my portrayal of him .
We went over to be with him and he sat and watched the film in silence .
At the end he pointed to the screen and said : ' I know that fellow , ' and then he gave this smile and left .
That 's Mandela .
It 's about actions more than words .
Morgan , as Nelson Mandela , and Matt Damon in Invictus
For five years I was destined to be one of the best fighter pilots in America .
As a child I had two passions , acting and flying .
For a black man back then to join the air force , it was expected he would be an engineer .
I had to fight to be a pilot , to be twice as good , three times as sharp , four times as focused .
I had to prove myself ten times over .
It took me from the age of 16 to 21 and I was better than all the rest of them .
For my final exam I climbed into the cockpit of a T - 33 fighter jet and the trainer climbed in next to me .
I looked at the deck of dials and knobs and levers and thought : ' This is my dream .
This is it . '
Then I looked down at my hands on the wheel and I had the sudden realisation that the whole point of this machine was to kill people .
At the age of 21 , having done all that work , all that training , I realised I did n't want to be a fighter pilot , actually killing people .
My dreams were about war movies , not war .
I wanted to act as a fighter pilot , not be one .
That was the moment my real goal fell into focus .
The same day I walked out of the air force .
Financial success just means you make more money than you can spend .
That 's it .
Do n't get dragged down by it .
Once you get beyond having to earn enough to keep body and soul together you are free .
Money has never been a motivation for me and although it 's pretty wonderful to have people say good things about your work , fame has never been a motivation either .
I did n't get a lot of success till my late forties .
That fact tells its own story .
I act because I want to act .
I want to do good work , I want to tell big stories on a big screen to all those little kids like me who watch in wonder and hopefully learn something .
Money should n't be the passion .
Morgan with his Oscar for Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Million Dollar Baby
I do n't believe in strategies , game plans or gambles .
I believe you find your own fate .
When I was in my late twenties and thirties a lot of African - American actors were rushing to Hollywood , which had started to open up .
It was the big plan , the big strategy ; it was the thing you were supposed to do .
My agent told me not to go , to wait till Hollywood came to me .
I had offers on the table for parts I chose not to do because I felt I was being chosen only for my colour .
Some people would have said the smart thing to do was say ' yes ' .
I said ' no ' .
I waited and finally it happened in 1987 with Street Smart .
I was older , wiser and it was my time .
Charm has been my greatest gift .
I learned the power of charm early on in life .
As a young black man in Fifties America in Mississippi you have to learn something extra special to keep yourself out of trouble .
Charm beats aggression any day and it 's something you 'll use all your life .
Charm is the secret ingredient and it's more powerful than anything I know .
A lot of people could benefit from working on a bit of charm .
I am an unrepentant mother 's boy .
My mother was a rolling stone .
There were five of us - from four different fathers .
She did n't necessarily make good choices but she gave me a lot of love and I grew up believing I could do something different .
When I was in New York trying to make it I hit a lot of walls .
For two years I did n't work .
I could n't pay my rent but I was lucky enough to have a landlord who told me he'd take it when I could pay it .
I remember thinking it could n't go on .
I thought I 'd drive limos to make some money .
I thought about it for months , but I kept thinking how I 'd feel if I was driving that limo and an actor I knew got in and I had to drive him - how would that make me feel ?
I knew I just had to push on through .
I trained as a ballet dancer .
Most people do n't know that I studied dance for five years in San Francisco and New York .
I did a lot of ballet , learnt the real discipline of the barre .
My voice is unmistakable .
People know my voice before they see my face .
That 's what I always wanted .
It 's my mark .
I studied acting in New York and voice , diction and movement were always hugely important to me .
I wanted to have triple strengths and I excelled in those classes .
Poise and movement are very underestimated but the way you move , the way you stand can speak volumes .
I have poise .
My only fear is confrontation .
Nothing else scares me .
I can't do confrontation so I avoid it at all costs .
I fly , I sail , I drive fast , I ride horses .
I have no fear of the big things in life , I have no fear of being on my own , but I do n't like the idea of a fight .
Some people enjoy it , I never have and never will .
Give me any role but never ever Othello .
After two years out of work I was offered a role as Othello .
I was the worst Othello ever to take to the stage .
I was terrified by it , I could n't do it , and my punishment was that every night I had to get on stage and act badly .
It was nothing to do with not having worked for two years , it was all to do with a bad performance .
There was no one else to blame except myself .
Women have made me a better man .
I love women .
I respect them , I admire them and I do n't fear them .
I like to work with women , I like to learn from women and I like being around women .
Movies are the best teachers in the world .
Movies connect to children in a way nothing else does .
For me , of course , it 's been about colour , and also not about colour .
I do n't believe in talking about black and white , I believe in seeing beyond that .
For instance , there are youngsters today who do n't know about Nelson Mandela .
I want kids to know who he is and what he 's done , and with Invictus I wanted to present it in a way that they would understand .
To me , history means his story .
Nothing is black or white , everything is grey
' Invictus ' is out now on DVD and Blu-ray
Last year the Identity Project was one of more than 30 organizations that filed a joint petition with the DHS requesting a formal rulemaking on use of virtual strip - search machines or “ body scanners ” , then being referred to by DHS and TSA as “ whole body imaging ” machines and since re-euphemized as “ advanced imaging technology ” , as though the name itself could make them inherently more “ advanced ” .
In May of this year , after the DHS ignored our petition and moved forward with deployment of virtual strip - search machines without a formal rulemaking , we joined most of the same groups in filing a renewed petition for a formal rulemaking ( including an opportunity for public comment ) and for rescinsion of the rules requring submission to a virtual strip - search as a condition of passage through TSA checkpoints and travel by air common carrier .
We also filed a series of FOIA requests and appeals , which the TSA has to date ignored , for the TSA Standard Operating Procedures , screening - related directives to airlines , and other documents embodying the secret rules that include the virtual strip - search requirements .
We ’ve also speculated about what legal recourse travelers denied passage on the basis of refusal to submit to a virtual strip - search might have , particularly in jurisdictions abroad where it would be easier than it is in the USA to raise issues of international human rights law .
This past Friday , July 2nd , the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) filed a federal lawsuit seeking to have the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia review the TSA and DHS failure to conduct a formal rulemaking before deploying virtual strip - search machines and issue an emergency stay of the TSA / DHS decision to deploy and require them as a condition of passage through checkpoints and air travel .
The Identity Project was a party to the original petitions for rulemaking , and while we are n’t a party to the EPIC lawsuit , we fully support it .
As EPIC notes in its latest filings , even after September 11th Federal courts have upheld “ administrative ( warrantless , suspicionless ) searches in airports only to the extent that they are limited to what is “ necessary ” — meaning that they are actually effective and are the least restrictive available means — to detect weapons and explosives .
Even beyond the specific issue of virtual strip - searches , this lawsuit is likely to be significant in helping define the bounds of TSA authority to conduct ever more intrusive searches as a condition of common - carrier travel .
The petition filed in May by EPIC , the Identity project , and others stated that , “ The undersigned file this petition pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 553(e ) , which requires that ‘ [ e ] ach agency shall give an interested person the right to petition for the issuance , amendment , or repeal of a rule . ' ”
Notwithstanding this explicit statement , the DHS and TSA responded with the bizarre claim that , for unspecified reasons , it did not constitute such a petition .
Unfortunately , that ’s characteristic of the behavior of the DHS and TSA , which have repeatedly refused to acknowledge or docket our formal complaints and then falsely claimed , including to the US public and to foreign governments that they have received no such complaints .
Pity the piping plover .
The sand - colored shorebird had all but disappeared by the 1980s along the East Coast , as the beaches it nests on were developed and visited more often by people .
Efforts to save it by restricting vehicles on beaches sparked a backlash — there was even a Facebook page called “ I Hate the Piping Plover . ’’
Now , the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico appears to be the tiny white bird ’s latest nemesis .
Plovers are beginning to fly south as part of an annual migration to gulf shores now fouled with oil .
Two weeks ago , bird specialists found the season ’s first two piping plovers on the remote Chandeleur Islands off Louisiana , where oil has already washed up .
More birds will arrive in the next month and stay on gulf beaches through the winter .
“ We are very worried , ’’ said Scott Hecker , a coastal water bird specialist and executive director of the Massachusetts - based Goldenrod Foundation , which works to protect barrier beaches .
“ These remote beaches along the gulf are where the birds go , and they are the places that get the oil first and the most . ’’
The bird is the latest in a series of New England species — bluefin tuna and sea turtles are others — whose populations may suffer because they spend part of their life in the gulf .
Unlike seabirds that spend most of their time in the water , piping plovers prefer the shore and are best known for their short bursts of running in the flat , muddy area between the high tide mark and the water line .
Specialists fear some may become coated in oil that washes ashore , but they are also concerned the birds ’ food source — tiny worms and other marine life — may become polluted and , in turn , poison the birds .
Once , piping plovers were common along the Atlantic Coast , but they were heavily hunted — along with other shorebirds — for their feathers , used in hats .
Protected in 1918 by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act , the birds ’ populations rose through the 1940s , but after World War II began declining again , in part because development ate up areas where they nested .
Increased use of beaches is also blamed :
The birds can be almost impossible to spot against the backdrop of sand and pebbles , and their habit of nesting in the open on beaches placed them in harm ’s way .
If they were not inadvertently killed , they often were disrupted enough to abandon nesting areas .
Copyright © 2009 - 2016 Ganja-Gourmet.com
1810 South Broadway , Denver , CO 80210
All Photography Prior of 2016 By Robert Mitton / SEO Joe - wwWHYyy.com LLC
All Photography after June 2016 by Luke Hart
1810 South Broadway
Denver , CO 80210
( 303 ) 282-WEED 303-282-9333
Welcome to the legendary GANJA GOURMET , America ’s First Legal Marijuana Restaurant and one of Colorado ’s first Medical Marijuana Dispensaries !
Please note the restaurant is no longer open !
Medical & Recreational
Marijuana Dispensary
Providing Colorado ’s Finest Cannabis Flowers , Extracts and Edibles for both Medical Marijuana Patients and Recreational Users
21 and over only !
Mon Thru Sat 9 to 7
Sundays 10 to 4
We are Colorado ’s Marijuana Edibles Superstore !
And though the Ganja Gourmet is known for its edibles , we have a large variety of Cannabis Indica , Sativa and Hybrid strains available , as well as Ganja Extractions of many types !
Yesterday , I contacted a friend of mine , C.S. Muncy , who is a photojournalist currently raising all kinds of hell down in southern Louisiana .
C.S. ’s original goal was to gain access to some of the areas being guarded by BP contractors and deemed “ off limits ” to reporters , but yesterday he , along with Save Our Shores ‘s Judson Parker , made an unexpected discovery .
They believe that BP has been dumping sand on the beaches in order to cover up oil .
You can view some video Judson shot of the beach over here .
I called C.S. to ask him about the alleged cover-up .
AK : Is it true that BP has been covering some of the oil on the beach with sand ?
CM : Yeah .
Yeah , this is interesting …
We went down onto the beaches , and we started inspecting them .
There were tar balls , tar residue , and there was some oil on the beach .
Apparently , the day before there was a lot of tar balls , and BP was working in the area pretty heavily , and we started noticing there was a different consistency in the sand .
Closer to shore , there was this grainy , very rough shell - filled sand , and then you could see almost like a border where it just spilled over onto the beach sand , which is a very fine - grained sand .
And it looked as if it was dumped .
I mean , you could dig a few inches down , and you could see that it was a different type of sand beneath that , you know , without all the shell and grit , and what not .
It looked very much like that .
Our first assumption was , yeah , that they were dumping sand to cover up the tar balls .
You know , when I first said that …to me , it sounded conspiratorial – more so than I usually think .
But then , soon after , we were stopped by some local sheriffs – actually , scratch that , they were n’t local sheriff – they were working for the local sheriff , but these guys were bussed in from …
( C.S. asks Judson if he remembers where they were bussed in from ) … from Jefferson Parish – from way up north – he was a city guy , and there were two of them that stopped us , and they were n’t unpleasant about it – they were n’t mean – but we could hear them talking on the radio , and their job was to run us off .
So they told us , no more pictures – at least no more pictures of them .
In fact , they stopped me from going out onto the beach a little bit further , and taking more pictures .
But , you know , we got to talking with the guy , one of them , and he said , ‘ Yeah , they came here , and just dumped a bunch of sand on the beach . ’
They were just shoveling it on .
We could see the erosion and where the tar still was , and there was a total separate point from where the sand was dumped on .
Update : Shannyn Moore has more on the cover - up ( along with some photos from C.S. ) here .
Update 2 : If you would like to support C.S. ’s work , you can send him cash through PayPal to OilSpillStory@gmail.com – Click the link here .
Update 3 : Karen Dalton Beninato posted a photo taken on Monday of a dump truck at Grand Isle .
A commenter has raised the possibility that it is not a dump truck pictured in the photo KDB posted ( it may be a truck used to transport heavy items ) .
I wrote her and raised this possibility , and she said she ’s contacted BP to verify if it is indeed a dump truck , or not .
She could have gotten a closer look , but BP has a “ 65 - foot rule ” for all journalists , so the photo had to be taken from afar .
Correction :
An earlier version of this article linked to saveourshores.org , which is a separate group in California .
Judson Parker is a representative from http://www.sosfla.org.
FOSS Community Member Launches Documentation Project for Blind Linux User
by Ostatic Staff - May. 26 , 2010
During a recent interview at technology blog The Stop , OSS community member Tony Baechler raised the issue of how difficult it is for visually - impaired Linux users to access documentation .
He says that he would like to point other vision - impaired friends to Linux and open source software but custom audio tutorials designed specifically for the blind are almost non-existent .
" I 've had several people ask for audio demonstrations , " said Baechler .
" It 's great if you 're comfortable reading text , but how does a brand new user know where to begin ?
In the sighted world , you can just get a Linux book .
While there are some books in an accessible format , most are n't easily available to the blind .
Also , they have no idea what kind of screen readers and synthesizers are out for Linux . "
Following the interview , Baechler offered to host audio recordings and podcasts free of charge , provided the content relates to blind Linus users .
Baechler intends to host the files at http://audio.batsupport.com/, which contains guidelines on recording and submitting audio documentation for Linux users .
Of particular interest are recordings that outline the steps for common , everyday tasks like checking email or browsing the Web .
The preferred file format is MP3 , however Baechler will accept FLAC and Ogg Vorbis .
For now , he is accepting only English recordings , though he plans to expand to other languages in the future .
Documentation is an important part of any Linux distribution or open source application , but making it available to disabled users is part of what makes the all - encompassing community FOSS community so special .
To participate in this important project , contact Tony Baechler directly or check out the project page and upload a file yourself .
Image courtesy of The Truth About ...
Cannavaro is two months short of his 37th birthday .
He looks as if his brain knows where he should be , but the legs will no longer take him there at the required speed .
And , of course , this great achiever , the player of the tournament four years ago , should not have been asked to go there this time around .
Lippi , Cannavaro and the broken - down warhorse Gennaro Gattuso retired themselves from national team duty with this wretchedly sorry result .
They should have gone sooner .
If Lippi is correct , and Italy ’s cupboard is so bare that there are no younger men pushing through , then Italy must start the process of a new soccer kindergarten from which to begin the process of resuscitating a sport it has played so well in the past .
“ The responsibility is mine , ” Lippi confessed at his last news conference as coach .
“ I prepared the team badly . ”
Even that dodges the issue .
He chose the team badly .
He clung to the past .
But there is something strange at this World Cup .
It is as if the Europeans have no stomach , no desire , no professional pride in staying on a continent new to them .
It is almost as if they had the jet engines warming up before they arrived  and England did only marginally better in its group , which also looked , on paper , to be a comfortable warm -up .
Note : MUST WATCH video is after the jump because your head 's gonna explode from the cuteness and I already hosed down the front page once today .
This is a short video by Patrick Boivi entitled ' AT - AT Day Afternoon ' .
It 's a one - minute documentary showing a typical day in the life of a pet AT - AT .
Just watch it , you wo n't regret it .
And if you do regret it there 's obviously something wrong with you .
My guess is an internal parasite .
Your skin itches , does n't it ?
Sounds like a worm .
Hit it .
DO IT NOW ( also available in HD ) .
Youtube
via
Brilliant homemade video shows a day in the life of a pet AT - AT [ scifiwire ]
Thanks to Der Eberhardt and Wilmersama , who have both ridden AT - AT's at petting zoos and tried to feed them popcorn .
Albatross
I 'm Tom .
I have no academic obligations for the next year .
I want to be a writer .
I 'm going to live in Munich for a year in July .
This is where I will post my stuff .
________________________________
Soar free , for you are the embodiment of a charmed life .
Take on a ready world , my albatross .
Guz Architects have completed the Fish House in Singapore .
.
Description of the Fish House by Guz Architects :
This modern tropical bungalow encapsulates the essence of living in the hot and humid climate of Singapore by creating open spaces which encourage natural ventilation and offer residents views to the ocean .
The main design concept is to create a house which has close relationship with nature and this is achieved by having a swimming - pool linking the house with the landscape and ultimately visual connections with the sea .
The idea of connection is reinforced by having the basement level media - room with a u-shaped acrylic window which allows diffuse natural light in and also views out into the pool .
The curved roofs , which symbolizing the sea waves , also emphasize the idea of the nearby sea .
These are almost totally covered with thin bendable photovoltaic panels supplying enough energy to the house , while the remaining area is used as a green roof giving residents some outdoor leisure spaces .
Fish House is a modest and yet luxurious residential design which gives residents opportunities to live in harmony and comfortably with nature .
Government departments will not have to axe 40 % from their budgets - despite being ordered to plan for cuts on that scale , a cabinet minister has said .
Transport Secretary Philip Hammond said some departments may see cuts " a bit higher " than the 25 % announced in the budget and some " a bit lower " .
Trade unions claim ministers are using the 40 % figure to make eventual cuts seem more acceptable .
Labour said the plans went too far and would hit frontline services .
In his budget last month , Chancellor George Osborne said departments would face average cuts of 25 % when the government 's public spending review is completed in October - potentially bigger than anything attempted by a previous UK government .
Health and aid spending will be ring fenced , while defence and education will face cuts of between 10 % and 20 % .
But Mr Hammond said other departments have been told to go through their budgets " line by line " for savings of between 25 % and 40 % .
' Difficult questions '
He said ministers wanted to avoid a " salami slicing " approach , with each department taking an equal hit .
ANALYSIS
There 's a standard trick in the world of car salesman known as " the hot water cold water " technique .
And it looks as if the government is applying the same selling skills of the car dealer to the business of selling cuts to the public services .
Basically , what it amounts to is that when a potential buyer comes in to look at a car he is first quoted an exorbitant price .
This is the hot water from which the buyer immediately pulls his hand out .
Then the price is lowered ( this is the cold water ) and hey presto the price / hot water becomes a lot more bearable even though it 's still pretty painful .
Now looking at the government 's call for some departments to estimate the impact of forty per cent cuts - could that possibly be the hot water to make us much more amenable to the rather less scorching prospect of twenty five per cent cuts ?
Even so 25 % still looks pretty scalding .
Cuts threaten new road projects
The purpose of asking departments to suggest cuts of up to 40 % now was to help the government decide its overall spending priorities and it was unlikely any would be forced to make savings on that scale , he said .
Mr Hammond told BBC One 's Andrew Marr show : " I do n't expect any departments will see a 40 % cut but some departments may see cuts a bit higher than 25 % ... some departments may then see cuts a bit lower than 25 % . "
He added : " We are going to look at the priorities of the coalition .
We are going to look at the individual impacts on departments - and that 's why departments are being asked to prepare not only a 25 % case but also a 40 % case " .
He admitted it would be " challenging to take out even 25 % " from budgets but added " that does not mean we should not look at each line of our budgets and ask the difficult questions " .
In his own department , transport , he said the cuts would effectively mean a halt to new road building - but he said big infrastructure projects that helped the economy would still be prioritised .
And he said the emphasis would be on making the existing road network work more effectively by tackling bottlenecks and road works .
' Fantasy land '
He accused his predecessor as transport secretary , Lord Adonis , of announcing " all sorts of eyewatering projects without funding them " .
Shadow Home Secretary Alan Johnson , for Labour , said any suggestion that the scale of cuts being proposed by the coalition government would not affect frontline public services was " fantasy land " .
He told Andrew Marr the coalition had added an extra £ 40bn in cuts to the £ 70bn proposed by Labour to halve Britain 's record £ 156bn annual budget deficit over four years .
He said the government was going " far too far " and there was " no need to do this " .
Public sector unions are threatening " co-ordinated industrial action " if ministers try to implement cuts as deep as 40 % .
Mark Serwotka , general secretary of the UK's Public and Commercial Services union , said there was " no economic case to put people on the dole queue " .
" We are already drawing up plans with other public sector unions to ensure that if the government attacks our pensions , our jobs and public services , they will face resistance the like of which we have n't seen in this country for decades , " he said .
" We will see not just co-ordinated industrial action by unions but campaigns in every community . "
MTG Draft Simulator
Practice for Draft Night !
New sets become available for practice after Pre-Release
Les treize documents qui ont " fuité " du ministère de l'éducation nationale sont littéralement atterrants et constituent une atteinte d'ampleur inédite à l'avenir de l'instruction publique .
A destination des recteurs et inspecteurs d'académie , ils détaillent les modalités des réformes à mettre en œuvre de la maternelle au lycée avec une seule ambition : générer des nouvelles suppressions de postes .
De mémoire de parent d'élève et d'enseignant on n'avait encore jamais vu une telle attaque en règle .
Luc Châtel a donc décidé de supprimer les dispositifs – déjà notablement insuffisants – d'aide aux élèves en grande difficulté ( RASED ) , d'augmenter le nombre d'élèves par classe pour , à terme , supprimer carrément des classes et même de " petites écoles " , de supprimer encore davantage de postes d'enseignants permanents – pour rappel , plus de 40 000 postes ont déjà été supprimés entre 2008 et 2010 dans l'éducation nationale – , et enfin de mettre systématiquement devant les élèves des personnels non-qualifiés , non - formés et – cela va sans dire – non-titulaires , au motif que " les non titulaires présentent une ressource plus flexible dont le rendement est proche de 100 % " .
Avec le même courage politique que celui d'un car de CRS devant un enfant désarmé , et sous couvert de " concertation " , il confie le sale boulot aux recteurs et inspecteurs d'académie , avec feuilles d'objectifs à remplir , se terminant toutes de la même manière : " Chiffrer le gain en emplois " , pudibonderie cosmétique peinant à masquer le sens réel de la phrase : " Nombre d'emplois supprimés " .
C'est ce que l'on appelle un " trope " , une figure de rhétorique .
Les remèdes proposés par le ministère sont à peu près aussi adaptés que la prescription d'un plâtre du genou pour le soin d'une migraine ophtalmique .
Ils témoignent , surtout , d'un mépris qui n'a d'égal que la novlangue qui sert à l'exprimer .
Le changement de style au regard de ses illustres prédécesseurs est en effet patent .
On ne " dégraisse plus le mammouth " , on " mobilise les gisements d'efficience visant à respecter la contrainte du non remplacement d'un départ pour deux ( … ) sans dégrader les performances globales " .
C'est encore de la rhétorique .
Dans le document Primaire : augmenter la taille des classes , le ministre prévoyant rappelle aux recteurs que " le Conseil d'Etat a en effet considéré qu'un poste peut ê tre retiré , même sans l'accord de la commune " .
En connaissant cette conclusion , on voit mieux toute la place qui sera laissée à la concertation .
RÉDUCTIONS , SUPPRESSION , EXTINCTION …
Dans le document Primaire : réduire les remplacements , le ministre trouve " judicieux d'offrir à des étudiants la possibilité de se familiariser avec la pratique enseignante , en dehors des stages déjà prévus pour les étudiants en master " .
Dans la droite ligne de la réforme de la " masterisation " qui fait déjà le bonheur d'officines privées s'engouffrant dans cette béance de la préparation aux concours , et qui va placer dans les écoles – avec la charge complète d'une classe – des étudiants sans aucune formation professionnelle ou pratique , le ministre trouve " judicieux " d'assurer leur remplacement … par des " étudiants " .
Un pas supplémentaire est franchi dans le document sur les réseaux d'aide aux enfants en grande difficulté ( RASED ) , composés de deux enseignants et d'un psychologue scolaire .
Les trois scénarios " au choix " que le ministre demande aux recteurs d'appliquer envisagent la " suppression " d'un ou deux des maîtres , ainsi que , " la mise en extinction des psychologues scolaires " .
Plus qu'un malaise , un profond sentiment de dégoût devant l'inhumanité de ce babil managérial qui se donne à lire dans une note officielle à destination des acteurs du système scolaire .
L'extinction des espèces du système éducatif .
Aujourd ' hui les psychologues .
Et demain ?
Dans une démocratie , il devrait être possible d'assigner en justice un ministre pour manquement grave et nuisances répétées au socle républicain de l'éducation .
Nous disposons déjà du motif , du mobile , ainsi que des pièces à conviction ( treize au total ) dans le dossier .
Qui va plaider ?
Olivier Ertzscheid , maître de conférences en sciences de l'information et de la communication à l'université de Nantes
What do the following things all have in common : tobacco safety and the dangers of secondhand smoke , the Strategic Defense Initiative , acid rain , the ozone hole , global warming , and the recent attacks on Rachel Carson ( author of Silent Spring ) ?
According to the new book by science historians Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway , Merchants of Doubt , they were all manipulated by a very small group of once well respected scientists whose radical free - market and anti-communist ideologies corrupted them to the point of attacking scientists , scientific organizations , and ultimately the process of science itself .
Merchants of Doubt focuses on seven different areas that are presented roughly how they ’ve occurred chronologically , starting with the safety of tobacco in the 1950s , proceeding through nuclear war and the misguided defense of SDI , the opposition to regulation of both acid rain and CFCs , and finishing up with the recent attacks on global warming and attempts at historical revisionism with respect to Rachel Carson and the regulation of DDT .
But through all of these areas , the main cast of characters barely changes , the methods used to attack scientific conclusions remain remarkably consistent , and the goals of the attacks become clearer and clearer .
We learn reading Merchants of Doubt that Fredrick Seitz , Robert Jastrow , William Nierenberg , and S. Fred Singer were the main instigators of attacks on science in service of their ideology .
Several were involved with the development of the atomic bomb and all were cold warriors who equated environmentalism with communism and / or socialism .
All four men believed the teachings of Milton Friedman , who taught that capitalism equals freedom , and so to rein in capitalism to stop a market failure ( which is what most environmental problems are ) meant to put limits on freedom .
And because these men could n’t stomach the possibility that their ideology was wrong , they sought to corrupt the public sphere and science itself to protect their ideology .
One way that Oreskes and Conway found the scientists had done this was by attacking numerical models .
The early computer models that supported the hypothesis that the dinosaurs were killed by an asteroid impact were also used to estimate how the global climate might react to other major effects , such as the eruption of a supervolcano , global warming , and nuclear winter .
Nierenberg and Singer did n’t like the results of the nuclear winter models because the model results ran contrary to the “ USSR is a major threat , SDI must happen ” narrative that the two men had created .
The problem was that the models showed that even a small nuclear exchange would throw the entire globe into climatic upheaval , and the supporters of SDI did n’t like this .
So a cousin of Fredrick Seitz attacked the models – in 1986 .
Attacks on climate modeling have grown as the models have radically improved and as the models ’ projections have been observed .
Another tactic described in Merchants of Doubt was attacking the science was by manipulating the media .
The Fairness Doctrine was used by Seitz and the tobacco industry to force reporters and editors to give equal time to the tobacco industry when countering scientific claims about the dangers of smoking and later secondhand smoke .
A greater problem with the media , however , was that Seitz , Jastrow , Nierenberg , and Singer could attack the science they did n’t like in the mainstream media without reprisal .
Scientists who tried to demand corrections were ignored by the media and forced to publish their corrections in the scientific press instead of the mainstream media .
Merchants of Doubt describes repeated incidents with respect to the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal , which published erroneous columns , heavily edited or simply refused to publish correction letters , and rebutted expert scientists with industry spokespeople .
PR firms even went so far as to provide stories for publication in Scientific American that were linked and referenced in media reports and full page advertisements as if they ’d been peer reviewed .
Singer himself finally got to the point where he would repeatedly make false claims about the science even in the face of rebuttals that proved him wrong – he simply continued on as if the rebuttal had never occurred .
Merchants of Doubt also describes how Seitz et al misrepresented scientific uncertainty to their advantage over the course of the last 60 years .
The scientists did this in a number of ways , starting by equating two different types of uncertainty – uncertainty with respect to causes vs. uncertainty with respect to effects .
Acid rain experts knew what caused acid rain with great certainty , but the effects of acid rain on lakes , forests , and ecosystem health were unknown , so Nierenberg and Singer said that the uncertainty in the effects justified more research on the causes of acid rain .
Singer and Seitz misused uncertainty to attack the EPA and the data linking secondhand smoke to lung cancer by claiming that medical researchers could n’t know all the risk factors and so could n’t conclude that there actually was an increased risk for lung cancer caused by secondhand smoke .
This flew in the face of decades of statistical experiment design and ignored the fact that the link had been detected on three continents in multiple ethic groups and across all economic levels .
Oreskes and Conway found these two methods have been and are being used in combination to oppose taking action on global warming .
Oreskes and Conway point out that economics has been used to counter science since at least the Reagan Administration .
For example , panels that were formed to address only the accuracy of the science were saddled with economic analyses that had not been asked for and that valued ecosystem services at $ 0 in their cost / benefit comparisons .
Another example is that the analysis that estimated economic damage due to acid rain used a very high discount rate to devalue future damages in favor of present - day profits .
This economic tactic has since been used to devalue the economic effects of global warming on future generations by economists like William Nordhaus and Bjorn Lomborg [ Correction : Lomborg is not himself an economist , but he makes economic arguments that rely on a high discount rate ] .
And the authors point out how every environmental problem is evidence of the failure of free market fundamentalism : “ If you believed in capitalism , you had to attack science , because science had revealed the hazards that capitalism had brought in its wake . ”
There are a few other points that were clear from reading Merchants of Doubt .
First , Reagan ’s presidency was where much of this really took off .
The Reagan White House was hostile to acid rain regulations and did n’t like the unanimous scientific assessment of the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) , and so the White House created an acid rain panel specifically created to undermine the NAS .
The panel was chaired by Nierenberg and had Singer as a direct White House appointment .
Reagan wanted the MX missile and the SDI , so the Reagan White House ignored the intelligence community and formed an outside group to provide the anti-“ Commie ” justifications for the creation of the MX and SDI .
That panel was also headed by Nierenberg .
Second , attacks on the science serve as indirect defenses of Milton Friedman ’s free market fundamentalism , but the defense is ironic for several reasons .
One irony is that free markets rely on accurate information to function properly , and yet the people involved in attacking science have done their best to make information as inaccurate as possible .
A second irony is that the free market fundamentalists used Orwellian tactics to fight against those perceived as being “ watermelons ” – green on the outside , red on the inside – and yet Orwell had ascribed those tactics to the USSR .
A final irony is that , in their fight to stall environmental regulations as long as possible , Seitz et al are responsible for making environmental issues so serious that draconian anti-free market measures may be the only way to solve them .
As a result , it ’s entirely possible that the free market ideas espoused by Seitz et al may not survive their own machinations to save them .
Finally , while the only one of the four scientists still alive today is Singer , the web of libertarian organizations that pushed the anti-science messages of Seitz , Jastrow , Nierenberg , and Singer is alive and well .
Organizations such as the American Enterprise Institute , the Competitive Enterprise Institute , the Heritage Foundation , the Heartland Institute , the Reason Foundation , the CATO Institute , the Marshall Institute , and many other smaller and less well funded organizations continue to use the tactics pioneered by Seitz et al against environmentalism in particular and science in general , all in support of an economic system that is clearly collapsing .
Merchants of Doubt was researched over years spent reading hundreds of thousands of page , and there are about 1100 references ( an average of 138 for every chapter and the conclusion ) , so no mere summary or review could hope to do more than scratch the surface of the information contained in this book .
Because the book points out the factual failings of Chicago - school economic theory , it will be dismissed by supporters of free market fundamentalism as an attack on their ideology .
But the facts and references contained within
Merchants of Doubt are so compelling that it cannot be dismissed with a mere “ talk to the hand . ”
The facts cannot be denied any longer – no free markets can address clearly market failures like acid rain and global warming , and ignoring reality only works for so long before reality finally does something that simply cannot be ignored .
Seitz and the others claimed that the world had time to address all these things , but time is running out to address global warming without major social and economic upheaval .
But there is a little hope to be had in Merchants of Doubt .
While addressing tobacco took about 50 years , it took only about 30 years to address secondhand smoke .
The MX missile and SDI were ultimately shut down , even though the government wasted billions on each program .
Acid rain is being addressed , albeit slowly and inefficiently with a cap - and - trade system .
And the attacks on Rachel Carson ’s DDT legacy do n’t appear to be taking hold in the wider public mind .
If you start with the Jasons in 1977 , we ’re 33 years into the global warming battle .
If you start with James Hansen ’s testimony before the House of Representatives in 1988 , we ’re only 22 years in .
That we ’ve come so far already means we may actually be learning how to counter the anti-science arguments created by Seitz , Jastrow , Nierenberg , and Singer .
( Update :
There were a couple of places where I did n’t make it clear that the four scientists were opposed to regulation of acid rain , instead saying that they were “ opposed to acid rain . ”
I ’ve added some language to clarify the distinction . )
IndieDB our new site powered by ramen noodles has just launched .
News , insight and media direct from independent game developers awaits !
Posted by Henley on Jun 19th , 2010
Over the past few months we have been hard at work expanding our community and exploring ways to help game developers reach new fans and interact .
First there was Desura our answer to mod and game distribution ( which is not far off launching ) that removes the need for complicated installations .
Now we present a shiny new website that will expand our audience in a very exciting direction .
Introducing IndieDB .
Our Aim
IndieDB is dedicated to the communities and developers of independent games and has been designed from the ground up to help dev's promote their hard work to the right people .
Just like with ModDB , IndieDB is a user generated database with a heavy focus on community interactions .
We give you ( fans and game developers ) the tools and means to showcase your project however you please , be that through detailed blog posts like the Wolfire crew , as your projects official homepage or even as just another release mirror .
Competitions
We are also running two competitions over the next month .
Fans , win cash for yourself and your favorite indie game team by telling us why they are the best .
We have $ 600 to giveaway , read on for details .
Developers , we have a Unity Pro and Unity iPhone Pro license ( worth a combined total of $ 3600 ) to giveaway to the most deserving Unity development teams .
So add your Unity game and read the details to find out how you can win this great prize .
FAQ
Some of you die - hard ModDBer 's will naturally have some questions , so here is a simple QnA that will hopefully help you out .
This post explaining what 's new is also a HIGHLY RECOMMENDED read .
Otherwise ask a question in the comments , and we shall update this post with answers .
Q : What why ?
A : ModDB has always supported all forms of independent game development , so IndieDB is a logical step for us to take .
There are not a whole lot of websites out there bringing together indie developers and those that do do n't let the teams control the flow of information that most of you have come to love about ModDB .
Q : ModDB has always had Indie games on it ... why are you splitting up the site ?
A : We are n't changing ModDB at all .
All the content , profiles , forums , games and users will remain on ModDB .
The difference is that IndieDB will feature ONLY indie related stuff , so treat it as ModDB 's little sister only without an over - protective big daddy .
You do n't need to re-join or re-add your content either , ModDB and IndieDB share the same backend .
Q : Wow IndieDB looks awesome are you guys not going to update ModDB anymore ?
A : What ?
God no , ModDB is our life we would never abandon it for any reason !
Modders we heart you ... in - fact if you like all of the changes , fixes , design and improvements that IndieDB has , let us know and we shall port all of these updates over to ModDB .
Q : Hey I 'm an Indie Developer , how come my profile is n't on IndieDB ?
A : That could be answered in a few different ways so the best thing for you to do if you find yourself in this particular pickle is to send me a quick PM letting me know all about your trouble and woes .
There is no -need to re-add your game or content , just ask and we shall auth it on IndieDB !
Q : I have customized my profile design on ModDB with fancy colors and a description , what happens on IndieDB ?
A : I 'm afraid that while the sites are * mostly * compatible , there are a few minor differences ( i.e. IndieDB is 20 px thinner ) so you will need to make sure your profile design suits both sites !
Q : How can I get content on ModDB ( i.e. groups , news , files ) on IndieDB as well ?
A : Any indie related content should automatically appear on IndieDB .
If it does n't do n't worry , you do n't need to re-add it .
Just contact us with urls to the groups , news , downloads etc you want shown on IndieDB as well and we shall auth it for you .
You only need to post content ONCE , if you update IndieDB then ModDB will be updated as well and vice - versa .
Add your Game
So if you are developing an indie game for any platform ( PC , mobile or console ) add it and start sharing content and we shall work tirelessly to help you reach new fans and customers .
And if you are here to play games , start browsing the site and spread the indie love via twitter , facebook , digg and your other favorite social sites ( handy buttons below ) .
We appreciate the launch assistance !
Episode One : Gore Beats Bush
Florida , November , 2000 .
In our present reality , Circuit Court Judge Sanders Sauls , chosen by random selection for the case , halts the South Florida ballot counting .
He is overturned and admonished by the Florida Supreme Court , but by then there is n’t time for enough ballots to be recounted before the U.S. Supreme Court quashes the recount and Gore concedes the presidency .
But here ’s what could have happened :
Florida , November , 2000 .
Judge Sauls did not happen to be chosen for the case .
Instead , Judge Terry Lewis was selected .
Judge Lewis allowed the recount to go forward and Al Gore ended up with several hundred more votes than George Bush by the time the U.S. Supreme Court would issue a ruling to stop the recount .
President Gore incorporates much of President Clinton ’s national security infrastructure .
The September 11th attacks are thwarted due to the combination of better competency than the Bush team and the lack of collusion by Dick Cheney .
The U.S. does not invade Iraq or Afghanistan .
Thousands of American lives that would have been lost are not .
Nearly one and one half million Iraqis who would have died did not .
However , the U.S. continues the strict sanctions against Iraq , causing the deaths of millions of different Iraqis , mostly children .
Al Gore promotes the fight against global warming from the White House .
However , he never produced the film An Inconvenient Truth , so the truth seems even less convenient to the public .
There is also such bitter Republican resentment against his presidency that his attempts to save the climate are unsuccessful .
However , the child of an American National Guard soldier who would have not been born in the old reality meets the child of an Iraqi who also would not have otherwise been born .
They fall in love and grow up to be brilliant engineers who find a solution to our energy needs and a way to clean up the planet that bypasses resistance from entrenched interests .
It involves bionic sea kelp .
Gore continues Clinton ’s economic policies , avoiding the Great Recession .
Americans become fairly complacent .
They are not so interested in “ change . ”
Barack Obama is not elected President , but neither is Joe Lieberman whom Americans find annoying in any reality .
Instead , John McCain , sensing the apparent inevitability of a continuation of Democratic dominance in Presidential politics , switches parties and runs for President .
However , his running mate , John Edwards , who looked so promising at first , turns out to have been a bad pick .
McCain loses to Jeb Bush .
— –
Next time : Beta Beats VHS !
Clicking this flower will take you some place to calm down :
When it comes to the tree of heaven , Lorraine Johnson does n’t beat around the bush .
“ There ’s no doubt , ” says the author and native plant expert .
“ It smells like semen . ”
The tall , pin-leafed trees of heaven line downtown sidewalks , take over parks and sprout spontaneously in backyards .
Their distinct , pungent odour hovers in the air between mid-June and mid-July when the tree flowers .
It ’s a smell many recognize , but few are brazen enough to discuss .
Johnson first noticed it about 20 years ago when she lived on Palmerston Sq. near Christie Pits Park .
She says there has been a tree of heaven near every place she ’s lived in the city .
In her last house there was one right outside her bedroom window .
“ I moved in right at the stinky season , ” she says , laughing .
How ’s that for bedroom karma ?
The tree ’s scientific name is Ailanthus altissima .
Its nicknames — sperm tree , semen tree , ghetto palm , stink tree and tree of hell , to name a few — are much more descriptive .
On the West Coast of the United States they ’re colloquially known as the Sperm Trees of Los Angeles .
In Lebanon , the trees prompted students at the American University of Beirut to start a group called “ I smell sperm every day on my way to Bechtel . ”
The tree of heaven was adored when it was first brought to North America from China more than 200 years ago — first as a pretty little garden tree and then as a smart street tree .
These days it ’s hardly ever planted .
The tree is now considered an invasive species because it re-sprouts vigorously .
The tree of heaven can be difficult to get rid of because of how quickly it springs up from seeds and rogue roots .
Where does the scent come from ?
Well , the first thing you need to know is that the male and female trees are very different .
Both emit a garden - variety yucky smell when their branches are broken or crushed , but only the male produces the flower that sends the tree of heaven ’s signature foul odour wafting into Toronto streets .
The males may be guilty for stink , but the female trees spread the seed .
“ They produce an awful lot of seed , ” says University of Toronto forestry professor Andy Kenney .
The tree can be controlled if its suckers are repeatedly pulled .
Hand - digging works but you have to make sure to pull the entire root system and repeat yearly .
Pieces of root left in the ground can and likely will re-sprout .
“ As long as you were persistent it would eventually die , ” Kenney says .
The tree has a few benefits — it provides shade , habitat and is a pleasant - looking tree .
But those benefits tend to be outweighed by its invasiveness and its aggressive expansion into natural areas .
Like a weed , the tree of heaven thrives just about anywhere : poor soil , wastelands , alleys , cracks in pavement .
It ’s a fertile tree , in more ways than one .
Mark Procunier , manager of tree protection for the City of Toronto , spends a lot of time with the tree of heaven .
The smell does n’t bother him , but he says some Toronto residents call to ask about it .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We get a few complaints , ” he says .
“ Not very many .
Bitter or pungent are the two terms that I hear . ”
Once the blooming is over the smell goes away as quickly as it came .
“ It ’s just a short window when the trees are in flower , ” Procunier says .
“ It does n’t last long . ”
For over ten years , NASA engineers have been kicking around the idea of a tumbleweed - inspired Mars rover .
This “ tumbleweed rover ” would be a rugged but lightweight ball , with sensors and other electronics securely suspended inside .
It would move about simply at the mercy of the Martian wind , much like its botanical namesake .
Until now , the only way of testing such rovers has been to build a prototype , then set it loose here on Earth and watch the fun .
That could be about to change , however .
Researchers at North Carolina State University have developed a computer model that can test tumbleweed rover designs before they ’re ever built .
" You ca n't just build hundreds of different rover designs to see what works – it's too expensive , " said Alexandre Hartl , a Ph.D. student who took part in the research .
" This model allows us to determine which designs may be most viable .
Then we can move forward to build and test the most promising candidates . "
Prototype Mars tumbleweed rovers ( Photo : NCSU Space Systems Laboratory
The program takes into account such factors as diameter , elasticity and overall mass .
It can also test the designs under different wind conditions , and in different Martian terrains such as rock fields or craters .
" We wanted a way to determine how different tumbleweed rover designs would behave under the various conditions that may be faced on the Martian surface , " said Dr. Andre Mazzoleni , co-author of a paper describing the research .
" The model that we 've developed is important , because it will help NASA make informed decisions about the final design characteristics of any tumbleweed rovers it ultimately sends to Mars . "
The research was funded by NASA and the North Carolina Space Grant Consortium .
The paper was published in the Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets .
The federal Conservatives continue to garner higher levels of support than their political rivals , a new poll suggests — in results consistent with broad trends seen in other types of polling .
The Environics poll released exclusively to CBC News follows the trend of other polls , which , regardless of their methodology and questions , put the Tories in the lead , followed by the Liberals , the NDP and the Bloc Québécois .
The new poll shows the Conservatives with the support of 35 per cent of decided voters , while the Liberals trail with 32 per cent of the decided vote .
The NDP holds 15 per cent of decided voters and the Green Party stands at six per cent , according to the Environics poll .
Nine per cent would vote for the Bloc Québécois nationally , which translates into 37 per cent support in Quebec .
Thirty - one per cent of respondents said they did not know who they would vote for , while eight per cent said they would not vote at all .
But the surveys suggest that depending on the specific questions and the methodology , differences arise in the level of Conservative support .
The Environics poll suggests the Tories have a narrow three - point lead over the Liberals when respondents were asked which party 's candidate they would vote for if a federal election were held today .
The results of that poll were based on live telephone interviews and the question focused on choosing a party 's candidate .
But a recent EKOS poll , which suggested the Conservatives have a 10 - point lead over the Liberals , used interactive voice recognition technology ( IVR ) , meaning respondents punched their preferences into a keypad , rather than speak to an operator .
The poll question also differed in that it asked party preference :
If a federal election were held tomorrow , which party would you vote for ?
A Leger poll suggested the Tories had an 11 - point lead over the Liberals .
That poll was conducted over the internet and included the names of the party leaders in the voter intention questions alongside their party names .
The Environics telephone poll of 1,918 eligible voters was conducted July 5 - 8 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.2 per cent 19 times out of 20 .
EDITOR'S NOTE :
This article was chosen as one of ASU 's highlights from 2010 .
Look here for a look back at some of the year 's most prized stories .
The best Mars map ever made is now available online for planetary scientists and armchair astronauts alike .
And citizen scientists are invited to help make it even better .
Websites developed recently at Arizona State University 's Mars Space Flight Facility , in collaboration with NASA , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and Microsoft , make it easy for anyone to trek the craters , volcanoes and dusty plains of Earth 's small red neighbor world .
" We 've assembled the best global map of Mars to date , " said Philip Christensen , Regents ' Professor of Geological Sciences in the School of Earth and Space Exploration , part of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences .
" And we made it available via the Internet so everyone can help make it better . "
The map is accessible as an interactive " >
http://www.mars.asu.edu/maps/?layer=thm_dayir_100m_v11 ">interactive zoomable global map , which is the easiest for most viewers to use .
( Advanced users with large bandwidth , powerful computers and sophisticated software capable of handling gigabyte images can download " >
http://www.mars.asu.edu/data/thm_dir_100m ">download the map in sections at full resolution . )
The maps show Mars as if sliced from a globe , unwrapped and flattened out on a table .
Nearly 21,000 individual images have been smoothed , blended , fitted together and cartographically controlled to make a giant mosaic that web viewers can zoom into and scroll around .
The few missing pieces show where clouds and poor lighting have thus far prevented map - quality imaging ; these places are high on mission planners ' must - image target list .
" Portions of Mars have been mapped at higher resolution , " said Christensen , " but this is the most detailed map so far that covers the planet . "
All the map images come from the Thermal " > http://themis.asu.edu ">Thermal Emission Imaging System ( THEMIS ) , a multi- band infrared and visual camera on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter .
The smallest surface details visible when you zoom all the way in are 100 meters , or 330 feet , wide .
The 100 - meter map has been in the making since THEMIS observations began eight years ago .
" We tied the images to the cartographic control grid provided by the U.S. Geological Survey , which also modeled the THEMIS camera 's optics , " said Christensen , who is the principal investigator for THEMIS .
" This let us remove instrument distortion , so features on the ground are correctly located to within a few pixels . "
The new map lays the framework for global studies of properties such as the mineral composition and physical nature of the surface materials .
In addition , it is helping NASA mission planners choose targets for aiming instruments on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
And the map also plays a role in evaluating potential landing sites for NASA 's next Mars rover , the Mars Science Laboratory , due for launch in late 2011 .
Making the good even better
But every map , however good , still can be improved and this is no exception .
" Computer - made maps have gone about as far as they can , " Christensen said .
" Now it 's the turn for citizen scientists . "
“ With the help of people from around the world , we can increase the accuracy of the global Mars map for Red Planet explorers everywherem " he added .
NASA 's " Be " >http://beamartian.jpl.nasa.gov "
>Be A Martian " website , developed in cooperation with Microsoft , offers an easy and engaging way for would - be Mars mappers to do exactly this .
ASU is regularly contributing newly taken THEMIS images to the Be A Martian " Map Room , " where the public can help by hand - aligning new images , placing them within a pixel ’s accuracy .
Mars mission album
The origins of the new global map lie in the work of previous Mars missions , which began imaging the Red Planet decades ago .
Two new websites developed at ASU provide a wide window into the gigantic collection of images taken by earlier Mars missions .
" These websites present all the images taken by cameras aboard Mars - orbiting space probes , starting with Viking in 1976 , " Christensen said .
" The image collection , regularly updated , also includes those from current missions , such as Europe 's Mars Express , and NASA 's Mars Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . "
The new Mars Image Explorer , he said , lets viewers find images in either of two ways .
Viewers can click on a map of Mars – or they can specifying various key properties such as latitude and longitude , spacecraft orbit number , date or viewing conditions .
Viewers can check out the Explorer by selecting " >
http://viewer.mars.asu.edu ">selecting key properties or by clicking on a " > http://themis.asu.edu/maps " > mission - specific Mars map .
The broad purpose underlying all these sites is making Mars exploration easy and engaging for everyone , Christensen said .
" We 're trying to create a user - friendly interface between the public and NASA 's Planetary Data System , which does a terrific job of collecting , validating and archiving data .
Our focus lies in providing easy access to Mars images for the general public and scientists alike . "
Download Full Image
You are viewing this article in the AnnArbor.com archives .
For the latest breaking news and updates in Ann Arbor and the surrounding area , see MLive.com/ann-arbor
My mother rarely calls to talk about my research .
In April , however , she rang to ask : ‘ Do you agree with Stephen Hawking ? ’
That ’s usually an easy question to field .
On topics ranging from the behaviour of black holes to the structure of the early universe , a safe answer is yes .
But that was n’t what my mother wanted to know .
She wanted to know whether I agreed with the recently retired Lucasian Professor of Mathematics that trying to contact aliens was a bad idea .
Any extraterrestrial civilisation that could receive our communiqués and act on them , Hawking warned , might show up on our doorstep , and would n’t necessarily be friendly .
‘ Such advanced aliens , ’ Hawking said , might be ‘ looking to conquer and colonise whatever planets they can reach . ’
In no time at all , the word spread from Hawking ’s voice synthesiser to the world ’s blogosphere .
Soon even my mother was calling .
And so it was that the word ‘ aliens ’ seemed to be on everyone ’s lips ( and screens ) in time to mark the 50th anniversary of SETI , the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence .
Though astronomers have long dreamed about alien intelligences , just like everyone else , the modern history of SETI began with a brief article in Nature in 1959 , when two astrophysicists at Cornell , Giuseppe Cocconi and Philip Morrison , postulated that there existed a uniquely well - suited frequency , nestled in the microwave portion of the electromagnetic spectrum , at which intelligent civilisations might seek to communicate with us .
Frank Drake , an astronomer at a newly established radio astronomy observatory in West Virginia , reasoned along similar lines .
In 1960 he conducted his own search of the skies , hoping to catch some telltale sign of intelligence chiming in at the special frequency .
He heard mostly white noise ; one heart - thumping squawk , he later realised , came not from the sky but from a top - secret military installation nearby .
Not easily discouraged , he attracted colleagues to the topic , and SETI was underway .
Cocconi and Morrison ’s Nature article makes for interesting reading today .
It appeared less than two years after Sputnik I had been launched , and combined hard - headed calculation with an almost giddy optimism , the ‘ can - do ’ and ‘ gee - whiz ’ spirit that marked the early years of the space age .
Why look for signals from aliens ?
Because there are so many stars out there , Cocconi and Morrison explained .
Many are similar to our sun , which means that Earth - like conditions , in which our own species evolved , might be fairly common throughout the galaxy .
Cocconi and Morrison were further convinced that countless civilisations were likely to have developed ‘ scientific interests ’ and ‘ technical possibilities much greater than those now available to us ’ .
Where there are Earth - like conditions , there could be life .
Where there was life , there would be science .
In their brief paper , Cocconi and Morrison performed a strange rhetorical loop - the - loop .
Given the latest advances in science and technology , how should we anticipate that advanced aliens would try to contact us ?
Humans had recently learned about a process in hydrogen atoms that emitted microwaves at a frequency called the ‘ 21 - centimetre line ’ , first measured in a Harvard laboratory in 1951 .
Since hydrogen was the simplest and most abundant element in existence , surely it provided a ‘ unique , objective standard of frequency , which must be known to every observer in the universe ’ ; after all , even we already knew about it .
According to Cocconi and Morrison ’s calculation , the frequency of the 21 - centimetre line lay in a sweet spot of the electromagnetic spectrum , away from naturally occurring sources of background noise .
Given this universal property , aliens might reasonably expect any civilisation to design sensitive receivers tuned to the frequency early in their development of radio astronomy , as indeed we had done .
Therefore the only ‘ rational ’ choice the aliens could make would be to assume that some day we would follow the same scientific - technological developmental pathway that they did – or that we imagined they did .
Reasoning about others was inevitably a projection of ourselves .
One need n’t be a psychoanalyst or hold a PhD in cultural studies to discern a certain amount of wishful thinking in Cocconi and Morrison ’s article .
Not only were advanced extraterrestrial civilisations likely to exist but the aliens were probably gentle , benign elders , monitoring our stellar neighbourhood because they were ‘ expecting the development of science near the Sun ’ , and ‘ patiently ’ beaming out signals to us , ever hopeful that our return beacon might announce that ‘ a new society has entered the community of intelligence . ’
Before Morrison began his work on SETI , he had served on the Manhattan Project .
He inspected both Hiroshima and Nagasaki just weeks after the bombings in 1945 as part of the first scientific survey team .
Shaken by the experience , he turned his energies to the arms - control movement .
In the early 1950s he was hounded by red-baiting critics for what they considered radical ideas about ‘ world government ’ .
No wonder he turned to the skies in search of more rational , welcoming civilisations .
Drake picked up where Cocconi and Morrison left off .
Helping to organise discussions for a workshop on SETI in 1961 , he jotted down an equation , now known as the ‘ Drake equation ’ , in order to have some means of estimating how likely it was that advanced alien civilisations were out there .
Variables included the average rate at which new stars form ; the fraction of those stars that form planets ; the fraction of those planets that develop conditions suitable for life and so on .
The final term in his equation , L , denoted the average lifetime of advanced alien civilisations .
Where Cocconi and Morrison ’s paper reflected the hopeful buoyancy of the early space age , Drake ’s equation bore the marks of its Cold War origin .
For Drake , as for most of his colleagues , L was a stand - in for all - out nuclear war .
Cocconi and Morrison assumed that life led inexorably to science .
Drake took the next step : science led inexorably to nukes .
The assumptions governing the thinking of the SETI pioneers are clearly explained by Paul Davies in his new book , The Eerie Silence : Are We Alone in the Universe ?
Davies works in cosmology and astrobiology and heads a unit at Arizona State University called the Beyond Center for Fundamental Concepts in Science .
( Some of his seminal early work refined physicists ’ notion of the vacuum : he literally knows everything about nothing . )
His main concern on the question of extraterrestrial life is to disentangle necessary and sufficient conditions .
The presence of water or amino acids seems necessary for life ( at least for life as we know it ) on some distant planet ; but their mere presence is far from sufficient for life to emerge .
The same goes for the existence of Earth - like planets orbiting Sun - like stars .
When Cocconi , Morrison and Drake were formulating their search strategies , astronomers had no direct evidence of planets outside our solar system .
The first one was discovered in 1992 and since then hundreds of ‘ exoplanets ’ have been identified , with improvements in observing techniques promising to reveal many more .
But , as Davies rightly points out , even if exoplanets turn out to be exponentially plentiful in our galaxy , life may prove to be an even more exponentially improbable occurrence .
The easy leap made in the early days of SETI – from stars to planets to life to intelligent life – was never more than a conjecture .
So the ‘ eerie silence ’ – no confirmed SETI contacts despite 50 years of concerted listening – might simply mean that life as we know it is rare , not that civilisations inevitably self - destruct in nuclear holocaust .
Where Cocconi and Morrison assumed that intelligent civilisations would inevitably pursue scientific investigations , Davies counters that science is not universal , even here on earth .
Moreover , the idea , common in the 1950s and 1960s , that better science leads inevitably to improved technology , seems difficult to square with the historical record .
Ancient Chinese civilisations developed astounding technologies but little of what looks like Western - style science .
If science and technology could follow such contingent paths among members of our own species over a relatively short time period ( cosmologically speaking ) , why should we assume that extraterrestrial civilisations would march , lock - step , from intelligence to science to technology ?
But a larger question concerns our scientific knowledge : is our representation of the natural world universal ?
Throughout the half - century of SETI , Cocconi , Morrison , Drake and their followers have argued over which regions of the electromagnetic spectrum it would be most ‘ rational ’ to target for a search .
They have based their arguments on naturally occurring processes like the 21 - centimetre hydrogen line or similar emissions from other constituents of water molecules .
But who is to say that other advanced civilisations – even if they pursue something like scientific investigation – would carve up the confusion of nature in the same way as we do ?
We now think in terms of atoms , electrons , quantum transitions and electromagnetic waves , but are those the only ways of making sense of physical phenomena ?
Can the intellectual history of Western science really be a universal phenomenon , with the current state of our science being a fixed point in the evolution of intelligence everywhere in the cosmos ?
Davies currently chairs the SETI Post - Detection Taskgroup of the International Academy of Astronautics , a committee charged with developing a protocol to be followed in the event that signals of possible extraterrestrial origin are detected .
Few topics elicit as much blog - addled conspiracy talk as purported government cover-ups of UFOs and alien contacts .
Davies ’s group aims to steer a middle path between military - style secrecy and indiscriminate public airing of every false alarm .
The current protocol calls for credible evidence to be shared first with other astronomers by means of a body called the Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams of the International Astronomical Union .
( One ca n’t help but smile at the name of the committee : telegrams to announce the findings , no less . )
The international community of professionals would then vet the evidence and try to rule out possible alternative explanations , such as terrestrial signals like the ones which fooled Frank Drake back in 1960 .
Next , the discoverer of the putative signal should alert the International Telecommunication Union , the International Council of Scientific Unions and finally the secretary general of the United Nations .
Only then should the discoverer announce the finding to the public .
Conspicuous in their absence from the long list of ‘ telegram ’ recipients are any national governments .
In large part , that is because SETI activities no longer receive government funding .
Nasa ’s first grant for SETI research was given to Philip Morrison in 1975 , and soon money was flowing to research groups across the country .
With much fanfare , Nasa inaugurated its own observational programme on Columbus Day 1992 , 500 years after the explorer reached the New World .
All told , Nasa spent nearly $ 57 million on SETI between 1975 and 1993 and had pledged an additional $ 100 million – modest sums compared to most ‘ big science ’ appropriations , but real money nonetheless .
A year after the Columbus Day festivities , Congress killed all federal funding for SETI .
The 1993 debates in Congress over the funding of SETI proved to be a dress rehearsal for bigger targets .
Soon afterwards , legislators killed funding for the Superconducting Supercollider , a mammoth particle accelerator that would have dwarfed CERN ’s Large Hadron Collider .
The supercollider would have cost a thousand times more than Nasa ’s annual expenditure on SETI , but although SETI operations were small and efficient , well - managed and on budget , it had few contractors to rally to its defence and little political ‘ pork ’ to distribute across congressional districts .
It also fell through the cracks between disciplines .
It used tools from physics and astronomy without being central to either field , even as it trod on the toes of biologists who knew about life , evolution and intelligence .
Beyond the budget cuts and the usual political horse - trading , SETI also suffered from an image problem .
Advocates acknowledged the ‘ giggle factor ’.
Grandstanding politicians wondered why the government should spend millions of dollars to search for extraterrestrial intelligence , when one could just plunk down ‘ 75 cents to buy a tabloid at the local supermarket ’ , as one Congress member complained in 1990 .
On introducing the final amendment to kill funding in 1993 , Senator Richard Bryan announced : ‘ This hopefully will be the end of the Martian - hunting season at the taxpayer ’s expense . ’
Since then , a few Silicon Valley entrepreneurs have put money into SETI and scaled - back efforts continue .
With all its talk about aliens , SETI is often lumped together with occult topics or pseudosciences .
Searching for references to Cocconi and Morrison ’s article on the internet , one finds links to the paper alongside books by the New Age shamanism expert Carlos Castaneda and mystico - environmentalist tracts on the Gaia hypothesis .
In the absence of confirmed contacts , critics argue , the search has been sustained by faith , hope and speculation ; its supporters respond by saying that SETI received high marks from three decadal reviews by the US National Academy of Sciences .
The drive to improve detection capabilities led to major advances in microwave electronics and signal extraction .
Drake ’s original search relied on a single - channel receiver ; by the mid-1990s , SETI devices could simultaneously scan 250 million channels .
The US Federal Aviation Administration and the National Security Agency both expressed interest in SETI spin-offs and other SETI techniques were quietly incorporated into methods to simulate the inner workings of thermonuclear weapons .
SETI still ca n’t shake off the nuclear spectre .
And SETI might indeed make its greatest contribution in the nuclear arena .
Some of the most hazardous by - products of the nuclear age , including isotopes of plutonium , have half - lives of hundreds of thousands of years .
One challenge is to find places on Earth that are likely to remain geologically stable over such a time - scale , where such waste can be buried .
A second challenge is to design symbols to warn our descendants , 300,000 years from now , not to go digging in these areas .
As the historian Peter Galison has been documenting , the US nuclear agencies have sought the wisdom of diverse experts – linguists , anthropologists , sculptors – to imagine how we might plausibly communicate with terrestrial beings in the impossibly distant future .
After all , the Latin alphabet dates back a mere 2600 years ; only hubris could lead us to imagine that familiar modes of communication will be recognisable in the year 300,000 AD .
Alongside linguists and artists , nuclear bureaucrats have also enlisted experts in SETI .
Struggling to communicate with our future selves calls for the same kind of radical imagination that SETI requires .
Both efforts criss - cross the boundaries between disciplines ; both require experts to project from what we know about our own civilisation to facilitate communication with some distant other .
They are mirror images , twin children of the nuclear age .
KGameRenderer : Less is more July 3 , 2010
Last month , I wrote about KGameRenderer , the integrated rendering framework for 2D games which I ’m creating for the 4.6 release* of kdegames .
If you followed the relevant development mailing lists ( kde - core - devel , kde - games - devel ) lately , you know that the first version is mostly done and in the review phase .
The productive atmosphere here in Tampere was the right opportunity for some benchmarking .
I already knew from my experience that KGameRenderer - enabled games are faster , both in startup time and animation performance , than their counterparts using their own possibly suboptimal rendering code .
There ’s another question , though : Does a sophisticated , multi- layered image cache use more memory than the more primitive solution ?
The short answer : No , it uses less .
The long answer : I have measured memory usage of the 4.5 KDiamond and the KGameRenderer - powered KDiamond in different scenarios ( with cache , without cache etc. ) and found that the KGameRenderer - powered version consistently uses ~ 1 MB less memory .
That may not sound much , but it ’s already over 7 % ** of KDiamond ’s non-shared memory .
To put these numbers into perspective for our fellow developers :
The KGameRenderer port of KDiamond actually uses a more complex item graph on its graphics scene ( because diamonds are KGameRenderedItems now , which consist of two items internally ) , so the lower memory consumption comes mostly from clever caching strategies ( e.g. by automatically discarding pixmaps generated by intermediate resize events which occur very often during a KXmlGuiWindow initialization ) .
Another optimization which I expected to show up in this measurement is the delayed SVG loading .
In fact , KGameRenderer does not load the SVG file at all if the cache is current and contains all needed pixmaps .
However , there is no measureable difference in the lower memory consumption in the cold ( without disk cache ) and the warm start ( with disk cache ) .
This could possibly be different for games with complex SVG themes .
All in all , assuming that I have time to port enough games *** to KGameRenderer , you can expect 4.6 to be the least resource - intensive release of the kdegames 4.x series .
* Yes , I ’m not talking about the 4.5 release , that one is basically over for me ( modulo maintenance fixes ) .
I ’m already deep inside the 4.6 cycle and have started merging my feature branches , with KGameRenderer merge into trunk coming next week , in order to get as much testing as possible before the release .
** The numbers have been measured with KSysGuard and xrestop , and are just there to give you an idea of the dimensions .
You probably know that there is no absolutely reliable way to measure memory usage of an application .
***
At the moment , there are only ports of KDiamond and KSame .
Updated tracking discussion as of 7 am ET , Saturday 26 June TD # 1 is now Alex , with 35kt winds .
The impact on Gulf production , and especially the Deepwater Horizon ( DH ) Spill response , are still uncertain , but of increasing concern .
The official forecast - backed by several key models - is now showing the storm over the Western Gulf reaching near hurricane intensity by Wednesday evening .
How close the storm gets to US Production - and the DH response site - depends on how strong a " ridge " in the atmosphere remains early next week .
If it stays in place , the storm will stay towards Mexico .
If it weakens somewhat , the NHC track is most likely , if it seriously deteriorates , the tracks in purple come in to play .
11 am ET update The National Hurricane Center acknowledges the shifts in the GFDL and HWRF models in its latest ( 11 am ET ) discussion , and bumps up the forecast intensity to a minimal hurricane before landfall on the northern Mexico coast on Wednesday .
They also highlight the uncertainty in the forecast after the storm after 48 hours .
As I noted at 9 am , on this track , even with intensification , winds would cause no problem , and wave minimal problems at the DH site .
We will have a full production and DH impact analysis later this afternoon .
This is the first post by Chuck Watson ( aka methaz ) , Director of Research and Development for Kinetic Analysis Corporation ( KAC ) .
KAC provides detailed impact and risk assessments to a wide variety of commercial and government clients , including most of the Caribbean governments , the UK Overseas Territories , and Bloomberg Business News .
Over the last few years Chuck has provided exclusive insights in to the potential impact of storms on energy infrastructure here at The Oil Drum , and this year will be joining us as a contributor to help assess the impact storms may have on our energy infrastructure .
- Gail
We now have our first serious threat to the Gulf of Mexico this year , in the form of Tropical Depression 1 ( TD # 1 ) .
The current official forecast is for the storm to hit the Yucatan Peninsula and , if it survives , cross the Bay of Campeche and strike the coast again near the Mexico / Texas border .
Some of the more advanced computer models are showing that the system may make a more northward turn and become a strong tropical storm or hurricane after passing over Yucatan , potentially impacting the area of the Deepwater Horizon response .
I would caution here that forecasting weak systems is tricky , and track / forecast models have a poor track record on storms at this stage .
That said , here is a map of some of the computer models , as of late Friday afternoon ( 7 pm ET ) , including the official forecast track in bright red .
We should have a better handle on where the storm is going , and if there is serious potential to impact the Gulf production areas or DH spill response , over the weekend .
As discussed below , if it turns and strengthens , it could be problematic for the DH response .
If the storm crosses Yucatan directly as per the official Forecast , it should have minimal impact on PEMEX .
The waves might cause problems for the DH response , but it is too early to tell .
Since we do n't really know at this stage if the storm will be a serious threat , I will discuss in general the impact hurricanes have on production in the Gulf , what a storm might do to the oil spill ( and vice versa ! ) , what this year might have in store , and what kinds of info we 'll try to post here during incoming storms .
Note :
This overview of hurricanes and GOMEX oil / gas production is based on research by Dr. Mark Johnson of the University of Central Florida and myself .
This year we will be posting comments on incoming storms , forecasts , and results of our ongoing work here at The Oil Drum as conditions warrant .
Hurricanes and GOMEX Oil / Gas Production
Ever since offshore oil and gas production accelerated in the 1970s , hurricanes have been a factor .
However , the rapid expansion of offshore production coincided with a period of lower hurricane activity resulting in part from a 20 - 30 year climate cycle known as the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation ( AMO ) .
If 2004 's Hurricane Ivan was a wake up call , 2005 's Katrina and Rita , combined with tight markets , were Mother Nature up - ending the bed and dumping us on the cold hard floor .
We are now in a period of higher activity that is likely to last for another 5 - 10 years .
Hurricanes disrupt Oil / Gas production in two key ways : evacuation and actual damage .
Offshore assets must be evacuated well in advance of an incoming storm .
Precautionary shut - downs are made to prevent spills in the event platforms , rigs , and undersea pipelines are damaged .
Thus , even if a storm completely misses the offshore assets , a storm in the Gulf can cause the loss of 3 - 5 days of production as crews shut down , evacuate , return , and restore production .
Admiral Allen noted in a press conference today they would need to start shutting down the Deepwater Horizon operation 5 days before 34kt winds arrived , and it could take two weeks to resume operations .
That seems excessive to me - 3 days evacuation , and 5 - 7 for recovery seems more in line with historical disruptions , but given the complexity and ad hoc nature of the response equipment may well be true .
If 5 days to evacuate number is accurate , this is a serious problem , since 5 day forecasts are notoriously unreliable and have a " cone of uncertainty " of over 300 nautical miles .
AL93 is already less they 4 days out , according to some models .
The damage a storm will cause depends on many factors .
Waves are a major factor .
Older platforms had an air gap ( the distance between the normal , static water surface and the base of the platform ) of 35 ft to allow waves to pass under the platform .
Over time that grew to 55 ft .
But Ivan , Katrina , and Rita firmly demonstrated that these air gaps are too small .
Chevron 's Petronius platform was hit by a 90ft wave in Ivan , and was shut down for six months .
Another major problem is damage to the 33,000 mile network of pipelines that connects platforms with on - shore refineries .
Undersea landslides , pressure damage , and damage to the infrastructure where the pipelines come onshore can cut off platforms for months .
The high winds from a storm can strip off towers , cranes , and other superstructure from offshore assets .
Assets are generally built to withstand a 100 year event .
However , that often results in a serious under - design of the entire system .
While a 70 foot wave might be a 100 year event at any one point , it is only a 12 year event for at least one platform in the Gulf .
Another issue is the harsh offshore environment .
In effect these structures are sitting in a salt bath .
Even with aggressive preventive maintenance , it is doubtful that a structure designed to handle a 120 mph wind can still handle those loads after sitting in the Gulf for years or decades .
Restoration times are also a complex calculation .
Some wells , especially older , nearshore assets , are simply not worth restoring as they are too far along in their production cycle to warrant the expense of repairing the damage .
For major events like Katrina , another issue is the globally limited resources to replace damaged assets .
2010 Outlook
This does n't look to be a good year for several reasons .
First , we are still clearly in a warm phase AMO cycle , with the Atlantic sea surface temperatures above normal .
Second , it is increasingly clear that we will be entering a La Nina phase of the ENSO cycle over the next few weeks .
Thus , there will be more energy ( SST ) and favorable winds ( La Nina ) .
Historically , when those conditions exist , there is disruption to Gulf of Mexico ( GOMEX ) production .
Our modeling indicates that 98 % of years with climatology similar to this one will lose at least one week of production , as opposed to 40 % of all years .
On average , 98 million barrels of production are shut in in years like this one .
Oil Spills and Hurricanes
There has been a lot of discussion about the impact of a hurricane on the spill , and vice versa .
Jeff Masters has a good discussion on the impact of oil on a storm topic here .
As he points out , the size of the storm is large compared to the size of the slick .
I agree that as far as the impact of the spill on storms , I seriously doubt it will be noticeable .
In theory , an oil sheen should reduce the energy exchange between water and air , and reduce energy available , and therefore weaken a storm .
Also in theory , some are arguing the oil will result in slightly higher SSTs , and therefore more energy and stronger storms .
I think both arguments are of the " angels on pinheads " variety due to the size factor , and that wave and wind action will disrupt the slicks long before either process could come in to play .
The impact of a storm on the oil is whole different matter .
I think the best thing the Gulf Coast could get this year is a direct hit by a big , wet , Cat 1 storm .
Strong enough to clean things out , not so bad as to hurt folks much worst than they already are .
The currents and wave action would probably mix up and disperse the oil , rain bands and surge would flush out the wetlands without pushing oil much further inland .
A worst case might be a mid or southern Gulf bypassing storm - winds , waves could push the oil on to and beyond protective devices as well as deeper in to the marshes , but not be violent enough to seriously mix up the oil and disperse it , and no rain bands to dilute or wash out the wetlands .
A direct hit by a stronger storm could potentially push oil far inland , but the mixing and dilution effects should mitigate that somewhat .
Either way , given climatology , we 're almost certainly going to find out what a hurricane does to an oil spill this year . . .
The river 's littered banks have become a no - man 's land for the homeless -- the hard - core junkies , the mentally ill and those just trying to disappear .
A dozen or so people live in tents and lean - tos under the 7th Street bridge in Long Beach , just one of the many invisible villages along the river .
This feature requires that JavaScript be enabled and the Flash plug - in be installed .
Newsletter
The stories shaping California
Get up to speed with our Essential California newsletter , sent six days a week .
Enter Email Address Sign Me Up
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times .
Sony DSLR Cameras
Today , Sony announced the release of two new additions to their family of DSLR cameras : the Nex - 5 and the Nex - 3 .
The Nex - 5 , they assure us , is the world ’s lightest and smallest camera with interchangeable lenses .
Typically such lenses are associated with large cameras , while the Nex - 5 is only 24.2 mm thick , making it truly a pocketbook DSLR .
Despite its slim appearance , it still boasts 14.2 megapixel photo capabilities and 1080i HD movie recording with stereo sound and autofocus .
From the pictures on Sony ’s site , the camera looks to be all lens .
In fact , some lenses will be bigger than the entire rest of the camera .
The Nex - 3 is slightly bigger at 25.4 mm , which is still smaller than most in its class .
Among its features is a BIONZ process that Sony says reduces shutter lag and makes and provides precise autofocus .
They can also capture fast - motion shots at 7 fps .
One very appealing feature to beginners is the help interface , which offers guided help and on - screen shooting tips , presented on its 3 ″ Xtra Fine LCD screen .
The two cameras can support a variety of lenses and can add even more support with the lens mount kit .
They include panorama capturing up to 23 megapixels and 226 degrees .
Both cameras also come with a light - weight clip - on flash .
Sony expects the new cameras to be released in Summer of 2010 .
Images , specifications , and videos are available on Sony ’s website .
[ youtube O2gfQ8nxTBs 500 375 ]
Tags : DSLR cameras , NEX - 3 ultra compact cameras , Nex - 5 ultra compact cameras , Sony
The Religious Right ’s Continuing Assault on Modernity
In a world that is clear cut , black and white , good or evil , and either / or there is no wiggle room , degrees , shades or nuance .
Thus the world appears to the most devout of True Believers whose beliefs are fostered and spawned at the mythic level consciousness .
Jim Marion , an attorney and author of Putting on the Mind of Christ , The Death of a Mythic God , and other works , describes the mythic level of consciousness as follows :
Mythic consciousness is the level of consciousness of the child from about age 7 to adolescence ; it is the first of the mental levels .
It is the consciousness of the child ’s emerging mind or ego .
The child at this level believes that the “ God in the Sky , ” much like its parents , can work every sort of miracle to meet the child ’s needs .
It is a conformist , law - and - order level in which everything in the child ’s parochial world is seen as the “ true ” and the “ best . ”
The child learns to define itself by conventional rules and roles and sees its self - worth in following these “ laws ” and in behaving properly .
Until recently , the mythic level of consciousness has been the dominant level of consciousness in all the world ’s “ universal ” religions , including Christianity .
Prior to the renaissance the dominant world view in the West was mythic with regard to all things .
The known universe was under the political and cultural finger of the Catholic Church .
Uttering the idea that maybe the church and state should not be one and the same thing would get a person boiled alive in oil .
Interestingly , most art was two - dimensional and of a religious theme .
Three dimensions were not widely represented in art until the renaissance .
To this day , the crusade of Homo mythicus marches on .
It infects our politics at every turn from the right , and continues to rail against modernity , and especially post - modernity , ceaselessly attacking it in the courts and through our various legislative bodies .
And it ’s always the same tired theme : guns , God and gays .
Whether conservatives really know it or not , what they are nostalgic for is a return to a simpler time when the life span was a fraction of what it is now , most women died in child birth , the average person was about a foot and a half shorter , plagues were common , and life was brutish , short and unforgiving for the average serf , which almost everyone was .
But hey , at least there was none of that separation of church and state crap going on , and there were clear rules that one could follow so as to unequivocally gain entrance through the pearly gates .
No one has incurred the wrath of the mythic - believers like Charles Darwin .
From the Scopes “ monkey trial ” to Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District , their efforts to have a literal account of The Book of Genesis taught in science classes have been as unwavering as they have been unsuccessful .
In Kitzmiller , Judge John E. Jones III , in the conclusion of his opinion , wrote :
Both Defendants and many of the leading proponents of [ intelligent design ] make a bedrock assumption which is utterly false .
Their presupposition is that evolutionary theory is antithetical to a belief in the existence of a supreme being and to religion in general .
Repeatedly in this trial , Plaintiffs ’ scientific experts testified that the theory of evolution represents good science , is overwhelmingly accepted by the scientific community , and that it in no way conflicts with , nor does it deny , the existence of a divine creator .
To be sure , Darwin ’s theory of evolution is imperfect .
However , the fact that a scientific theory cannot yet render an explanation on every point should not be used as a pretext to thrust an untestable alternative hypothesis grounded in religion into the science classroom or to misrepresent well - established scientific propositions .
It is easy to see why the mythic minded are anti-intellectual and anti-science , since intellectual and scientific inquiry , the parents of the modern age , threaten the clear - cut fantasy world they spiritually inhabit .
It is also easy to see why organized religion is on the decline .
If religion does not change its tune , it will scarcely have any adherents a very few generations from now , according to studies and polls .
If organized religion wants to enjoy continuing viability into the 21st century it is going to have to own up to , and honor the findings of science and the advances of the modern age in general .
Religion , as with any speculative and transcendent enterprise , does have a place in our world , but a pre-modern mentality does not .
It is time for religion to grow up and quit insisting that we all believe and conform to the untenable , the inadequate and immature alternative that exoteric religion is .
Many people are very hungry for an understanding of the what - for of existence and are not satisfied with the explanation that we are no more than frisky dust derived wholly from physical matter against the greatest of odds .
Those same people cannot stomach a religion that demands that its followers believe that the world is only 6,000 years old .
The spiritually minded crave a mature , serious source and method to aid them in their quest to understand and commune with their own transcendent natures , not crazy stuff that contradicts one ’s rational experience of the world at every turn .
People want strong meat , not gnashed over stunted crap of a bygone era .
Eventually , organized religion will have to reconcile itself with the 21st century and its scientific and intellectual standards and requirements .
If not , the fate of religion is to die on the vine like all those things before that could not remain viable by adapting to their ever - changing environment .
Like all things , religion will have to evolve or go the way of the dodo .
Either way , I ’m optimistic .
Despite fine words from high - ranking police officers , an unpleasant incident in Romford last week suggests that officers on the ground are no nearer understanding or respecting photographers ’ rights .
This comes just a day after the Met shelled out a large wad of cash to two professional photographers for almost identical mistakes made by officers , exciting speculation that the best rates paid for photographs nowadays are those paid out of the public purse for pics the police disapprove of .
Young photographer Jules Mattsson , 16 , was out in Romford at the weekend intending to take photos of a cadet unit who , he blogs , were " about to march in a massive parade " .
A YouTube clip , containing still images and a soundtrack , allegedly documents what happened when local police officers decided they did not like this idea .
According to Jules , after he attempted to take his first shot , he was " quickly and aggressively stopped by one of their adult officers asking me who I worked for " .
He refused to provide his personal details – and from there on , events moved swiftly downhill .
In the clip , a male officer with an outwardly poor grasp of the law can be clearly heard .
The entire gamut of inconsistent excuses are given for why Jules cannot take photos , ranging from the " fact ” that it is illegal to photograph children without parental permission , through to breach of copyright and anti-social behaviour .
When all that failed to move the young snapper , the police officer informed him that he was an " agitator " and a " threat under the terrorism act " for photographing a police officer – before removing his camera and frogmarching him away from witnesses and – Jules claimed - pushing him down some stairs .
We asked the Met for comment and were told : " Although at this time we have not received a complaint about this incident and no allegations of crime have been made , we will investigate the circumstances . "
There followed a list of the guidelines supposedly issued to officers , which wax lyrical about " promoting the freedom of the public and the media to take and publish photographs " .
They also state very clearly : " Members of the public and the media do not need a permit to film or photograph in public places and police have no power to stop them filming or photographing incidents or police personnel . "
They add : " It would ordinarily be unlawful to use section 58A [ of the Terrorism Act 2000 ] to arrest people photographing police officers in the course of normal policing activities " .
Given that such good guidelines exist – and senior police officers regularly provide stern warnings about over - stepping the mark in this area , the Romford incident must surely be just an aberration .
We therefore phoned the Met ’s call centre last night to inquire what the law was in relation to taking photographs on the street .
The member of staff who took the call was aware that it was legal to photograph police officers – but rather less good when it comes to exercising one ’s legal right to photograph other people , including children .
He told us : " You ca n’t just go round taking photos . "
Worryingly , he added , in respect of photographing children : " You can understand what is going to happen . "
When asked why the police would not protect a photographer going about their lawful business , the call was terminated .
We then asked the Met officially if they could explain this gulf between official guidelines – and the state of knowledge of police officers and other members of the police service who have contact with the public .
They have promised to get back to us .
In the meantime , this ignorance of the law is beginning to prove costly for the police .
Comedian Mark
Thomas set the standard earlier this year when his complaint about police officers stopping him unlawfully – in his case , without a camera – led to a pay - out of £ 1,200 by the Met .
Since the incident in 2007 , Mark has encouraged members of the public to bite back , any time they feel the Police have abused their rights .
Meanwhile , photojournalists Marc Vallee and Jason Parkinson last week received compensation of £ 3,500 apiece in respect of an incident outside the Greek Embassy in December 2008 .
Marc told us : " This is the second time I ’ve been forced to take legal action against the Metropolitan Police since 2006 and I would like it to be the last .
The question to consider is , is the overall harassment of photographers by the police a deliberate policy or a series of unrelated mistakes ?
" You have to ask yourself is it in the DNA of Metropolitan Police to restrict and harass photographers ?
And if so what are we going to do about it ? "
The bill for the Met may be about to get a little bit higher , as Marc also informed us this morning that he has just " sorted a lawyer out for Jules " . ®
When the latest Tutankhamun study was published in Jama , there were quite a few outcries that although the study looked into the direct ancestry of King Tut , it fully ignored the pointers to the pharoah ’s racial ancestry , possibly hidden in the pharaoh ’s DNA .
As usual , Dr Zahi was accused of many things , most notable charges of ‘ hiding that King Tut was black / white / purple . ’
Now a retired physicist took the time to write down some of the DNA test results exposed in the Discovery Channel programme that featured the study ’s results and concluded the data shown in the docu reveals
Tut ’s haplogroup as R1b , one of the most common Y - chromosome haplogroups in Europe , especially the United Kingdom .
So , err… was Tutankhamun Scottish , rather than black or white ?
From the data exposed in the documentary ‘ King Tut Unwrapped ’ ( start watching at about 1:50 in this video ) , Whit Athey concluded from the DNA data shown on the documentary that Tutankhamun must have the haplogroup R1b , associated with the male Y chromosome , and common in Ireland , Scotland , western England , France , Iberia and Scandinavia , according to Athey , European through and through .
Really ?
The exposure of this data was flagged before , with many speculating it was not Tutankhamun ’s DNA , but rather test sequences run for the benefit of the documentary .
Kate Phizackerley , KV64.info blogger ( and a must read if you ’re interested in all things Tut ) , believes the data is genuine , but that Mr Athey ’s interpretation might be ( way ) to quick .
She points out the uncertainty of determining ancestry using the Y chromosome , and that even if R1b is Tut ’s haplogroup , that does not necessarily mean he ’s European .
Some sub - branches of the R1b haplogroup today are mainly found in Sub - Sahara Africa :
This branch of R1b is very strongly represented in the Chadric population of Western Sub - Saharan Africa with more than 95 % of Cameroonian Ouldemes having an R1b ?
haplogroup .
What is even more striking is that 28 % of male the Berbers from Siwa in Egypt still have an R1b ?
Haplogroup .
There is another concentration of R1b in central Aurasia .
Phizackerley believes that , if R1 b
Is indeed Tut ’s haplogroup , migrations when the Sahara changed from fertile savannah to desert might account for this .
It is far harder to claim moral ownership of Nefertiti ’s bust if most modern Egyptians are themselves genetic incomers rather than direct descendants – at least down the male line .
She calls for the mitochondrial DNA , passed down the maternal line , results to be released ( pretty please , Dr Zahi ? ) , as mtDNA is far less likely to mutate than the Y - DNA .
The mtDNA would offer a clearer picture of Tutankhamun ’s racial ancestry .
But wo n’t Dr Hawass try to postpone releasing this data as long as possible ?
For if people keep speculating ( Black / White / UK ) , these ‘ ancestry theories ’ keep the King Tut hype alive , creating a whole lot of extra , free publicity for Egyptology ( and the Egyptology tsar ’s books and TV docussuch as Chasing Mummies ) .
Also , as Kate Phizackerley points out , the data is likely to prove that most modern Egyptians are not closely related to the Amarna Royal family , something that could become a major argument in the whole repatriation debate :
It is far harder to claim moral ownership of Nefertiti ’s bust if most modern Egyptians are themselves genetic incomers rather than direct descendants – at least down the male line .
Personally , I believe King Tut being Scottish as likely as Jesus having visited Cornwall and Somerset .
I do want tothink that the Amesbury Archer was born in the French Alps and crossed the Channel to settle at Stonehenge about 4000 years ago .
But then again , I also like to believe that he put down a better time for the crossing than those of us who travelled by Eurostar last week .
Just three weeks before the G20 summit , workers at 32 Toronto hotels have voted 94 per cent in favour of authorizing a strike if negotiations break down .
“ If we do not reach an agreement , we intend to take a strike action on June 24 , ” Paul Clifford , president of Unite Here Local 75 , said Thursday .
However , Clifford said that workers at only one hotel – the Novotel on the Esplanade – would actually go on strike , even though a third of the unionized hotels are currently in negotiations .
About 100 workers at the Novotel are Local 75 members .
Local 75 does not want to disrupt the city during the summit of world leaders , he said .
The French trade delegation and media covering the G20 plan to stay at the Novotel .
A strike would mean “ no service , picket lines and rallies ” at the hotel , said Clifford .
At issue are what Local 75 calls “ precarious work conditions ” including shortened shifts , split shifts and “ hyper - flexible ” scheduling .
“ There have been a lot of cuts to both shifts and services that are really having an impact on both workers and hotel guests , ” Cicely Phillips , a Royal York room attendant and vice - president of Unite Here Local 75 , said earlier .
The union represents 5,500 front desk workers , porters , cleaners and cooks at hotels including the Fairmont Royal York , Le Royal Meridien King Edward and the Hyatt Regency .
The summit will be held in Toronto on June 26 - 27 .
Tourists keen on snaring bargain fake designer goods might be better off paying for the real thing after an Austrian tourist was fined € 1000 ( $ 1450 ) for trying to buy a fake Louis Vuitton handbag .
Austrian pensioner Ursula Corel , 65 , tried to pay a measly € 7 for the handbag in the Italian resort of Jesolo , near Venice .
The Guardian newspaper reported that Corel was spotted by the authorities as they scanned crowds with high powered binoculars from a lifeguard 's watch tower and was then slapped with the fine .
Authorities say they are enforcing a summer crackdown on counterfeit goods , which are worth more than $ 12 billion globally every year .
But Corel was less than impressed .
This in fact dates back to May when Samsung introduced the first commercial 3D projector to the Netherlands .
In celebration , the company took over the historic “ Beurs van Berlage ” building in Amsterdam .
According to a release , for three nights , the projection interacted with the architecture of the building , and viewers were treated to an incredible 3D audiovisual experience .
Those at the event could test 3D TVs , and one TV was raffled off per night .
Bystanders who checked in on Foursquare or Feest . je had an extra opportunity to win .
Action starts 30 seconds in .
Read next : EA Sports Becomes The Premier League 's Official Technology Partner
Whitehouse 's inescapable truth came on the Senate floor in response to the GOP 's obstruction of extended unemployment benefits for jobless Americans .
As Huffington Post reported :
" I understand the point about the debt and the deficit and the spending , " said Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) .
" But to me , that does n't have an enormous amount of credibility , because when President Clinton left office , he left an annual surplus ...
At the end of [ George W. Bush 's ] term , we had $ 9 trillion in debt . "
" We would have none of this if it had n't been for the Republican debt orgy that they went through , " Whitehouse said .
That 's a far cry from Boehner 's fuzzy math - and shameless lie - earlier this month .
As The Hill reported , Rep. Boehner in his discussion of the deficit conveniently omitted mention of the Republican mismanagement which helped produce it .
Claiming increased spending to fight the Bush recession is " scaring the hell out of the American people , " Boehner wrongly declared :
" It 's not the marginal tax rates ... that 's not what led to the budget deficit .
The revenue problem we have today is a result of what happened in the economic collapse some 18 months ago . "
" We 've seen over the last 30 years that lower marginal tax rates have led to a growing economy , more employment and more people paying taxes . "
Leave aside for the moment that President Bush authored the worst eight - year economic record of any modern president or that John Boehner like other Republicans is trying to give the GOP credit for the Clinton boom ( which also occurred during a time of higher tax rates .
John Boehner 's myth - making notwithstanding , it was precisely the Bush tax cuts which devastated the Treasury .
In 2001 , as you may recall , George W. Bush inherited a federal budget in the black and CBO forecast for a $ 5.6 trillion surplus over 10 years .
As The Hill noted Thursday :
In January 2001 , before the Bush tax cuts were enacted , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected annual budget surpluses of approximately $ 800 billion between 2009 and 2012 .
The CBO now projects a $ 1.2 trillion annual deficit for those years and has also stated that the Bush tax cuts contributed to the budget deficit .
And how .
President George W. Bush quickly set about dismantling the progress made under Clinton .
Bush 's $ 1.4 trillion tax cut in 2001 , followed by a second $ 550 billion round in 2003 .
As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ( CBPP ) detailed , those Bush tax cuts accounted for almost half of the mushrooming deficits during his tenure .
Like Reagan and Stockman before him , Bush resorted to the rosy scenario to claim he would halve the budget deficit by 2009 .
Before the financial system meltdown last fall , Bush 's deficit already reached $ 490 billion .
( And even before the passage of the Wall Street bailout , Bush had presided overa $ 4 trillion increase in the national debt , a staggering 71 % jump . )
By January 2009 , the mind - numbing deficit figure topped $ 1.2 trillion , forcing President Bush to raise the debt ceiling to $ 11.3 trillion .
President Obama was exactly right when he chastised Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling during the House Republicans ' disastrous meeting in January :
" Now , look , let 's talk about the budget once again , because I 'll go through it with you line by line .
The fact of the matter is , is that when we came into office , the deficit was $ 1.3 trillion .
-- $ 1.3 [ trillion . ]
So when you say that suddenly I 've got a monthly budget that is higher than the -- a monthly deficit that 's higher than the annual deficit left by the Republicans , that 's factually just not true , and you know it 's not true . "
And as another recent CBPP analysis revealed , over the next 10 years , the Bush tax cuts will contribute more to the U.S. budget deficit than the Obama stimulus , the TARP program , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and revenue lost to the recession - combined .
An AP chart of data from the Congress Budget Office showed the explosion of federal debt that will ensue if the Tea Baggers and their Republican allies get their way in making the Bush tax cuts permanent .
As David Leonhardt documented in the New York Times in last June , " President Obama 's agenda , ambitious as it may be , is responsible for only a sliver of the deficits , despite what many of his Republican critics are saying . "
In a jaw - dropping chart illustrating how today 's trillion - dollar deficits were created , the Times concluded that even before the Bush recession commenced in December 2007 , Dubya 's dangerously irresponsible tax cuts and unfunded spending produced an ocean of red ink that dwarfed the impact of President Obama 's stimulus and other spending programs :
" The economic growth under George W. Bush did not generate nearly enough tax revenue to pay for his agenda , which included tax cuts , the Iraq war , and Medicare prescription drug coverage . "
And like most of the other Republican born - again deficit virgins , John Boehner voted for all of it .
Of course , that did n't stop him from grandstanding in November that " Washington Democrats ' so - called ' war on deficits ' is about a year late and more than a trillion dollars short . "
And just 10 days ago , Boehner asked fellow Meet the Press guess Steny Hoyer ( D - MD ) , " How long are you going to blame the Bush administration ?
Come on .
When is someone in Washington going to take responsibility for what they are in charge of ? "
Of course , when it comes to the Republican debt orgy , John Boehner refuses to follow his advice .
** Crossposted at Perrspectives **
opinion Ah , the Internet .
After discovering that articles I thought no one in their right mind would republish suddenly appear on APCMag.com and iTWire , one of the readers on APCMag.com asked : “ What about piracy ? ”
Ok .
One reason I have been tapdancing around the whole piracy argument is that I am trying to get established in the eBook marketplace , and I do n’t want to make the industry feel about me the same way my managers and directors feel about me .
However , piracy is always going to be a presence in the marketplace , so I need to deal with it bluntly and coherently ( no sniggering Renai ! ) .
Piracy of eBooks is real .
It is also an element of the Australian eBook marketplace and is market forces at work .
In simple economic terms , there is an assumption that there is always demand for any product .
Demand is modelled on the assumption that the cheaper the price , the higher the demand .
Supply is modelled on the assumption that the dearer the price , the greater the supply .
Supply and demand is the point where demand at a price is met by suppliers willing to meet that demand .
This model shows us a few things .
There will always be unmet demand , as the model assumes that there is a demand for a product at a price that is too low for suppliers to willingly meet .
Even if a product is being sold at 10 c , there will be people not willing to pay this amount .
Now looking at the above graph , we can see that if price equilibrium is set at P1 ( Lets say $ 5 for illustrative purposes ) we can see that there is a lot of unmet demand for the product ( every point on the Q axis from Q1 onwards ) .
You will capture demand from those who are willing to pay more for a product , but the D line ( representing demand ) is accumulative , showing people willing to pay the price equilibrium and above .
There is more demand for the product at below $ 5 , but there is less suppliers willing to supply at that price .
This is also why the music industry ’s assertion that every download is a lost sale is insanely stupid .
There will always be people not willing to pay even a token amount for music , and no effort by the music suppliers will ever get them to pay for music , as they have no desire to pay for it .
Of course , this assumption is based on the belief is that supply / demand modelling is close to real - world behaviour ( but this is high school economics , so I trust my teachers more than I trust the RIAA / ARIA ) .
So the unmet demand is satisfied in part by piracy .
I say in part because you get what you pay for .
If you download that big 1000 book torrent file from those BitTorrent pirates ( ahoy ye matey ! ) , the price you are paying is not cash , but time , resources and opportunity costs ( that is , what you could be using your time and resources on if you where not committing piracy ) .
This is modelled on the supply / demand graph as well , as you do not have infinite demand when a price is zero , as some people do not ever want the product , or are not willing to commit the resources to get the product .
So , we can argue that piracy is only partially meeting the unmet demand for a product .
Now add in the opportunity costs and resources needed after the download and the price of that free book increases .
For example , say for theoretical argument ’s sake , I downloaded a large torrent file of eBooks .
After downloading the file , I would likely find that many of the books in the collection were under some sort of Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) schema , preventing me from accessing the files without stripping the DRM , something I would not be willing to do .
I would then need to spend a couple of nights cataloguing , repairing , downloading covers , converting formats and importing it into Calibre for managing .
The time and effort committed in this activity would show anyone that nothing is for free , we just pay for it in different ways ( for example , manual cleanup efforts of many hours ) .
Now an eBook is just text formatted in a way to allow machines to read the text in a way that it is rewarding ( or not painful at least ) to read by people .
So it is insanely easy to copy an eBook an infinite amount of times .
In its basic form , Digital Rights Management is a way of preventing copying .
One valid reason for this is that while it is trivially cheap to copy a file , there is a real and substantial cost in making the original file .
And the reward for creating the file ( and yes , it is called profit ) is also the major incentive to making the file available in the first place .
So while every unauthorised copy of a file in not a lost sale , in real terms it is a loss on the potential sale .
Why I say this , is that a person who was willing to pay for a copy gets a free copy , that demand is sated — however , no payment is made to the supplier .
Now DRM is a factor on the demand of a product .
Lets illustrate with a scenario :
You are willing to pay $ 5 on an eBook .
However the supplier is not willing to supply the eBook in the format that is appropriate to your particular demand .
It may be because it is in a format you do not have a device to read it with , the DRM schema is not supported on your device , or the DRM prevents you using the book the way you want to use it ( for example printing hard copies ) .
This is where I say piracy is a market competitor to the normal supply chain .
There is real and unmet demand for a product and the supplier is not willing to meet that demand with an appropriate product .
Piracy become more attractive now as it can supply the desired product in a way that the user wishes to use it !
Can you make money out of a free product ?
Yes .
Baen.com has for years supplied free , DRM - free eBooks in a multiple of formats .
The Baen Free Library has proven to be an excellent way to promote the Baen catalogue of authors and books .
Things like offering the first book of a series for free , or the first few books of a prolific and popular author have increased the paper book sales substantially .
Eric
Flint wrote an interesting series of articles about the Free Library — the first one can be found here .
So what can I say without another bunch of crazy graphs and economic gobblygook occluding my words ?
Simple .
DRM prevents sales as it imposes a barrier to sale for people who would be willing to give the supplier money for the product .
Piracy will always be there to meet demand for a product that is not met by the supplier .
The best way to minimise piracy is to make it simple and easy to get and consume the product at the lowest affordable price .
Any attempts to gouge prices will only encourage more piracy .
In short , just like normal books .
Darryl Adams is a government worker and internet tragic .
A former IT worker , he still pines for the days of IBM keyboards that go CRUNCH and the glow of green screens .
He can be found on on Twitter or on Facebook .
Check out his site oz - e - books.com for more articles about e-book readers , retailers , formats and news ( or will have when Darryl can be drawn away from reading Delimiter ) .
The views expressed here do not reflect the views of his employer , the ATO .
Image credit : Creative Commons , Matthew Schubert , royalty free
BATAVIA , N.Y. , June 9 ( UPI ) -- A New York state woman arrested on a public lewdness charge for having sex in a park was booked on a less common charge -- adultery .
Batavia police said Suzanne Corona , 41 , was caught in the midst of a tryst with Justin Amend , 29 , on a picnic table in Farrall Park while children played not far away at about 5 p.m. Friday , the New York Daily News reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
Corona and Amend were charged with public lewdness , and police filed an additional charge of adultery against Corona once they discovered she was married .
Genesee County District Attorney Larry Friedman said adultery is rarely charged -- he said there was one other case in the city 13 years ago -- because " the law in New York state requires that there must be corroboration . "
He said the number of witnesses gave police " no basis not the file the charge . "
Corona refused to enter a plea Tuesday and said she plans to fight the charge on constitutional grounds .
The defendant allegedly told police at the time of her arrest that her husband is " transgender " and they " never had sex . "
SPRINGFIELD , MA—
In a daring feat of circumnavigation never before attempted , 6 - year - old Connor Damrush successfully completed a circuit of the 2500 block of Parker Drive early Saturday morning , silencing naysayers who had called it impossible .
" We maintained walkie - talkie contact with him for most of the journey , but Connor went into radio silence shortly after turning onto Orchard Street , " said Mission Control specialist Dougie O'Neill , 5 .
" It was tense for a few minutes there , but boy , did we all breathe a sigh of relief when we saw that red trike come around that corner . "
Among the sights Connor reported from the far side of the block were his school 's flagpole , a Dunkin ' Donuts sign , and a garbage truck .
Advertisement
Seventeen US financial firms paid 1.7 billion dollars in “ ill - advised ” bonuses to top executives at the height of the financial crisis , President Barack Obama ’s pay czar said Friday .
The firms , including top Wall Street banks Goldman Sachs , J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup , made the excessive salary and bonus payments while receiving public bailout money during the October 2008 - February 2009 period , said Kenneth Feinberg , the administration ’s special master for compensation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The firms did nothing illegal as rules at that time allowed these kinds of payments , but the decision reflects “ bad judgment , ” Feinberg said .
“ It was ill - advised .
This was n’t illegal , ” he said .
“ They violated no ” rules but this was “ bad judgment , ” he added .
Among the other firms that made the ‘ ill - advised ” payments were insurance giant AIG , Morgan Stanley , Bank of New York Mellon and Wells Fargo .
Most of the firms cited had already repaid the taxpayers .
The Wall Street Journal reports that Feinberg “ declined to request 17 financial firms that doled out $ 1.6 billion in ‘ ill advised ’ executive compensation to return the excessive payouts , saying to do so would be unfair to the companies and could trigger private lawsuits and additional Congressional investigation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
CNN adds ,
Feinberg , who is moving onto handling claims related to the BP ( BP ) oil spill , said he would not seek to recoup those funds .
Rather , he proposed those firms adopt new rules that would allow them to restructure or cancel pay packages in the event of another financial crisis .
The AP notes , “ President Barack Obama says new revelations of big bank bonuses underscore the need for the financial regulation bill he signed into law this week . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
( with additional reporting by Raw Story )
Large Blue Dot
Carefully positioned in GoogleEarth .
When you remember the north / south Atlantic is also on the other side , you realise how much of the Earth surface is ocean ...
Done
Welcome to Tomatopalooza ™
Tomatopalooza™ is the annual tomato tasting event held each year near Raleigh , NC .
This is the web site where you can find details of upcoming events , as well as links to pictures of past events .
If you have any questions , please send an email to Lee Newman at leetomato@gmail.com or Craig LeHoullier at nctomatoman@gmail.com .
News – Updated July 3 , 2013
Announcing the annual Tomatopalooza™ heirloom tomato tasting !
Sadly , this year we will not be having our annual event .
Life has been busy for both Craig and I as well as the other organizers of past events .
Also , the level of participants bringing tomatoes to share has been limited to a few folks .
This resulted in a need for a few of us to provide an unsustainable amount of the tomatoes at the event .
We hope to re-organize the structure for a more long - term sustainable event for next year .
Keep watching this site for more news .
About the tasting : all are encouraged to bring samples of tomatoes to taste from their gardens .
The more folks that can bring tomatoes , the more we will have to taste .
We hope to get as many different varieties of tomatoes to taste .
The supply of varieties will , of course , be dependent upon what ’s ripe on that date !
Registration :
We are requesting that all register this year .
Please send an email to register@tomatopalooza.org with name , number attending , and if you plan to bring tomatoes .
This will greatly assist us in our planning / organization .
Date : Cancelled for 2013
Time : 1~4 pm – tomato tasting
Location : TBD in 2014
Hosts : TBD in 2014
Basic Tomato Sorbet
Makes 6 ½ cup servings
From recipe published in The Virginian Pilot July 16 , 2006
1 cup sugar
1 cup water
2 cups tomato juice
1 Tbsp lemon juice
Prior to juicing tomatoes – place an 8 - 9 ” metal pan in the freezer to chill
To make simple sugar :
Mix together sugar and water , heat , while stirring constantly , until all sugar has dissolved .
Remove from heat and let simple sugar mixture cool .
Juice tomatoes * ( of your choice ) to make 2 cups of juice .
If you do n’t have 2 cups of juice , add another fruit juice of your choice .
( Lemon , Lime , Orange , Apple etc … . )
Mix together with cooled simple sugar mixture and lemon juice ( see variations ) .
Pour the mixture into the chilled pan , return to freezer .
Freeze until ice crystals being to form around the edges ( about 45 minutes ) .
Stir the frozen edges into the liquid center .
Return the pan to the freezer , stirring every 30 minutes or so until all the liquid freezes firmly but not solidly .
( About 3 - 4 hours )
Working quickly , break the frozen sorbet into pieces and place in a food processor or blender .
Process until smooth .
Pour into plastic freezer container and freeze until firm ( about 4 hours )
Variations for varieties served at Tomatopalooza IX
Lime Green Salad Sorbet
3 cups Lime Green Salad Tomato Juice
Juice of one Lime ( instead of lemon juice )
Zest of one lime
Add finely chopped lime zest to simple sugar mixture during cooling process
Tomato Jam Recipe :
Ingredients
1.5 pounds of tomatoes , before coring ( note 1 )
These tomatoes can be the ones that are really ripe and going soft .
2 - 3 chili peppers ( note 2 ) 4 cloves of garlic
1 thumb size piece of ginger ( or two if you have small thumbs )
1 1/4 cups of confectioners ' / 10 - X powdered sugar ( note 3 )
1/2 cup red wine vinegar ( note 4 )
Optional : add 1/8 cup of balsamic with the red wine vinegar to equal a 1/ 4 cup
2 Tablespoons fish sauce
To Make :
1 ) Core and peel the tomatoes
2 ) Cut the tomatoes into 1/2 pieces ( note 5 )
3 ) Peel the garlic and ginger , rough chop into smaller pieces
4 ) Puree garlic , ginger , chilies and fish sauce
5 ) Add puree , sugar , and vinegar to a non-reactive sauce pan ( stainless is one )
6 ) Add tomatoes , then slowly bring to a boil
7 ) Cook 30 - 40 minutes , stirring occasionally to keep from sticking to the bottom of the pan
8 ) Pour into hot , sterilized glass jars and cover with sterilized hot canning lids
9 ) Follow canning procedures for longer storage , otherwise this way will keep for no more than a month to six weeks max
Notes :
1 ) The Trust tomato I used is pretty neutral in terms of balancing acidity with sweetness .
Because of this , the recipe is balanced between the amounts of sugar to vinegar .
To balance your tomatoes , try adding more of one ingredient than less of the other .
2 ) How hot you want it depends on you .
I used 3 red chilies for the batch today
3 ) Add more if the acidity is higher
4 ) Add more vinegar if the tomatoes are sweet .
5 ) Mine did n't set as well as I hoped because it was just made this morning and probably because I did n't remove the seeds , which added more juice , I suppose .
Cooking longer could reduce it , but the longer cooking time may affect the taste .
Links to pictures from previous events
Tomatopalooza™ I 2003 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ II 2004 : Link1 , Link2
Tomatopalooza™ III 2005 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ IV 2006 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ V 2007 : Link1 , Link2 , Link3
Tomatopalooza™ VI 2008 : Link1 , Link2
Tomatopalooza™ VII 2009 : Link1 , Link2
Tomatopalooza™ VIII 2010 : Link1 , Link2 , Link3 , Craig 's writeup , Sue 's blog , Dean 's writeup
Tomatopalooza™ IX 2011 : Link1 , Link2 , Craig 's writeup , Dean 's writeup
Tomatopalooza™ X 2012 : Link1
Links to the lists of tomatoes represented at each event
Tomatopalooza™ I 2003 : NA
Tomatopalooza™ II 2004 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ III 2005 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ IV 2006 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ V 2007 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ VI 2008 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ VII 2009 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ VIII 2010 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ IX 2011 : Link1
Tomatopalooza™ X 2012 : Link1
Other Links of Interest
Tomatoville : A great place to talk maters
Tomatosite : Nice database of different tomato varieties
Tomato Growers Supply :
One of the best sources for heirloom tomato seed
Victory Seeds : Another great source for heirloom tomatoes
Heirloom Vegetable Archive : Great list of heirloom tomatoes with pictures
Reinhard Kraft ’s web site : Another great database of heirloom tomatoes with pictures
Craig 's Home Page : Craig ’s home page with loads of information
A Brooklyn mother is suing over a cup of scalding tea that she claims severely burned her infant son at a Starbucks .
Villona Maryash claims the tea was “ improperly served ” without a protective sleeve .
Maryash ’s suit , filed in Brooklyn Supreme Court yesterday , stems from an incident last Oct. 9 at the Bensonhurst Starbucks .
Her 5 - month - old son , Arnold Glouchko , was next to her in a stroller .
While she waited for the rest of her food order , she went to take a sip of the tea , she said .
When she picked up the cup , it was so hot that she dropped it , and the contents spilled over her son , causing “ serious injuries , ” said her lawyer , Martin Garfield .
He said the tea should have been served on a tray and with an insulating sleeve .
“ This cup was improperly served , and that ’s the reason my client dropped it on her baby , ” he said .
There was no immediate comment from Starbucks .
In May a Manhattan customer sued Starbucks for serving him “ unreasonably hot ” tea in a container that was “ not safe .
He claimed he suffered “ great physical pain and mental anguish . ”
Agreement Marks First School Policy Protecting LGBT Students
In Mississippi
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org ; ( 212 ) 549-2666
ABERDEEN , MS – Itawamba County School District officials agreed to have a judgment entered against them in the case of a recent high school graduate who sued her school for canceling the prom rather than let her attend with her girlfriend .
The agreement ends a precedent - setting lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of 18 - year - old Constance McMillen , who suffered humiliation and harassment after parents , students and school officials executed a cruel plan to put on a " decoy " prom for her while the rest of her classmates were at a private prom 30 miles away .
" I 'm so glad this is all over .
I wo n't ever get my prom back , but it 's worth it if it changes things at my school , " said McMillen , who was harassed so badly by students blaming her for the prom cancellation that she had to transfer to another high school to finish her senior year .
" I hope this means that in the future students at my school will be treated fairly .
I know there are students and teachers who want to start a gay - straight alliance club , and they should be able to do that without being treated like I was by the school . "
As set forth in documents filed in court today , school officials agreed to implement a policy banning discrimination or harassment on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity , the first policy to do so at a public school in the state of Mississippi .
The school also agreed to pay McMillen $ 35,000 in damages and pay for McMillen 's attorneys ' fees .
" Constance went through a great deal of harassment and humiliation simply for standing up for her rights , and she should be proud of what she has accomplished , " said Christine P. Sun , senior counsel with the ACLU Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Project .
" Thanks to her bravery , we now not only have a federal court precedent that can be used to protect the rights of students all over the country to bring the date they want to their proms , but we also have the first school anti-discrimination policy of its kind in Mississippi . "
In addition to today 's legal judgment against the school , an earlier ruling in the case set an important precedent that will help prevent other students from suffering the kind of discrimination McMillen experienced .
In March , the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi issued a ruling in McMillen 's case that school officials violated McMillen 's First Amendment rights when it canceled the high school prom rather than let McMillen attend with her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo .
" We 're pleased that the school district agreed to be held liable for violating Constance 's rights .
Now Constance can move on with her life and Itawamba school officials can show the world that they have learned a lesson about equal treatment for all students , " said Kristy L. Bennett , co-counsel on McMillen 's case .
" This has been about much more than just the prom all along – it's about all of our young people deserving to be treated fairly by the schools we trust to take care of them . "
After IAHS 's original prom date was canceled by school officials in response to McMillen 's request that she be allowed to bring her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo , parents organized a private prom at which district officials told a federal judge McMillen and her date would be welcome .
That private prom was then canceled as well , allegedly because parents did not want to allow McMillen to attend , instead organizing a " decoy " prom for McMillen and her date and another prom for the rest of the class .
McMillen and her date then attended the event the school had told her was " the prom for juniors and seniors " on April 2 , where they found only seven other students attending .
Principal Trae Wiygul and several school staff members were supervising that event while most of McMillen 's classmates were at the other prom in Evergreen , Mississippi .
" We hope this judgment sends a message to schools that they cannot get away with discriminating against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students .
LGBT youth just want to be treated like their peers and do all the normal high school things , like going to the prom with the date they choose , " said Bear Atwood , Interim Legal Director at the ACLU of Mississippi .
" We 're very proud of Constance for standing up not just for her rights but the rights of LGBT students everywhere . "
McMillen is represented by Sun , Bennett and Atwood , as well as by Norman C. Simon , Joshua Glick and Jason Moff of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP , and Alysson Mills of New Orleans .
The case name is Constance McMillen v. Itawamba County School District , et al .
Additional information is available at www.aclu.org/lgbt-rights/fulton-ms-prom-discrimination.
There is also a Facebook group for people who want to support McMillen , " Let Constance Bring Her Girlfriend to the Prom , " at www.facebook.com/pages/Let-Constance-Take-Her-Girlfriend-to-Prom/357686784817.
This article was reported by Sarah Lyall , Clifford Krauss and Jad Mouawad and written by Ms. Lyall .
Hurricane Dennis had already come and gone on July 11 , 2005 , when a passing ship spotted a shocking sight in the Gulf of Mexico : Thunder Horse , BP ’s hulking $ 1 billion oil platform , was listing precariously to one side , looking for all the world as if it were about to sink .
Towering 15 stories above the water ’s surface , Thunder Horse was meant to be the company ’s crowning glory , the embodiment of its bold gamble to outpace its competitors in finding and exploiting the vast reserves of oil beneath the waters of the gulf .
Instead , the rig , which was supposed to produce about 20 percent of the gulf ’s oil output , became a symbol of BP ’s hubris .
A valve installed backward had caused the vessel to flood during the hurricane , jeopardizing the project before any oil had even been pumped .
Other problems , discovered later , included a welding job so shoddy that it left underwater pipelines brittle and full of cracks .
“ It could have been catastrophic , ” said Gordon A. Aaker Jr. , a senior engineering consultant on the project .
“ You would have lost a lot of oil a mile down before you would have even known .
It could have been a helluva spill — much like the Deepwater Horizon . ”
Hillary Clinton warned Iran and Syria yesterday that America 's commitment to Israel 's security was unshakable , and they should understand the consequences of threats to the Jewish state .
The secretary of state said Syrian transfers of increasingly sophisticated weaponry , including rockets , to militants in southern Lebanon and Gaza could spark new conflict in the Middle East .
Additionally , she said a nuclear - armed Iran would profoundly destabilise the region .
" These threats to Israel 's security are real , they are growing and they must be addressed , " she said in the speech to the American Jewish Committee .
The speech was the administration 's latest effort to reassure Israel that its ties to the US remain strong , despite tensions that flared last month .
Clinton told the group that Israel was " confronting some of the toughest challenges in her history , " particularly from Iran , Syria and groups they support , such as Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Gaza Strip , and reaffirmed US determination to get them to change course .
" Transferring weapons to these terrorists , especially longer - range missiles , would pose a serious threat to the security of Israel , " she said .
Israel has accused Syria of providing Hezbollah with Scud missiles , which would dramatically increase the group 's ability to strike targets in Israel .
Syria has denied the charges .
US officials have not confirmed Hezbollah 's possession of Scuds but say they are concerned about its growing arsenal of rockets and missiles .
Ehud Barak , the Israeli defence minister , later addressing the same group , made the same points as Clinton and said Israel was closely watching the situation with Hezbollah and Iran .
He said Israel would hold the Lebanese and Syrian governments responsible for the introduction of any " balance - breaking weapons " to Hezbollah .
Getting the Syrian president , Bashar al - Assad , to stop supplying these weapons , Clinton said , was one of the administration 's prime goals in returning an ambassador to Damascus .
The US has been without an ambassador in Syria for five years .
The nominee , career diplomat Robert Ford , is awaiting Senate confirmation .
Some lawmakers have questioned the wisdom of sending an envoy to Syria now , saying it would reward the country for bad behaviour .
Clinton argued it would not be " a reward or concession " , but rather " a tool that can give us added leverage and insight and a greater ability to convey strong and unmistakably clear messages aimed at changing Syria 's behaviour " .
" President Assad is making decisions that could mean war or peace for the region , " she said .
" We know he 's hearing from Iran , Hezbollah and Hamas .
It is crucial that he also hear directly from us , so that the potential consequences of his actions are clear . "
On Iran , Clinton said the administration remained open to engaging with Tehran , but it must meet international demands to prove its suspect nuclear programme is peaceful , and not a cover for developing atomic weapons .
Short of that , the US will continue to press for tough new UN security sanctions on Iran .
Iran is trying to forestall fresh sanctions and its president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , may try to use a nuclear conference at the UN next week to lobby against them .
Last night , the UN confirmed Ahmadinejad was now a confirmed speaker at the conference at its headquarters in New York , which will review the nuclear nonproliferation treaty .
Ahead of her speech , Clinton said any attempt by Ahmadinejad to undermine the purpose of the conference would fail .
" If he believes that by coming he can somehow divert attention from this very important global effort or cause confusion that might possibly throw into doubt what Iran has been up to ... then I do n't believe he will have a particularly receptive audience , " she said .
In her speech , Clinton also said the US would continue to pursue an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal and was hoping to restart indirect talks between the two sides soon .
The speech came after the Guardian revealed that the US had given private assurances to encourage the Palestinians to join indirect Middle East peace talks , including an offer to consider allowing UN security council condemnation of any significant new Israeli settlement activity .
The administration 's special Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , is due back in the region next week .
His visit will follow a weekend meeting of Arab League diplomats at which US officials hope for an endorsement of the indirect talks , which Mitchell would mediate .
An attempt to get those talks started last month fizzled out when Israel announced a new Jewish housing project in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians claim as a future capital .
That drew fierce criticism from the US and led to the worst rift between Washington and its top Middle East ally in decades .
Since then , the administration has sought to repair the damage with a series of recent meetings and speeches from senior officials , including Clinton and James Jones , a national security adviser .
JPA 2.0 Cache Vs. Hibernate Cache : Differences in Approach
Hibernate and the Java Persistence API ( JPA ) are two leading technologies for managing the persistence and object relational mapping ( ORM ) of Java EE and Java SE applications .
Hibernate 's open source , lightweight and transparent framework simplified ORM by mapping database tables to persistent classes in XML files and generating the SQL script at runtime .
JPA then made XML - based ORM much simpler by replacing the traditional XML mapping files with metadata annotation , enabling developers to persist the state of their Java applications to relational databases through metadata .
JPA 2.0 ( JSR 317 ) , the latest version released in November 2009 , improved on the 1.0 version 's basic features by upgrading the domain modeling , ORM capabilities , entity manager features , query interfaces and Java Persistence Query Language ( JPQL ) .
The JPA 2.0 specification also introduced new APIs for criteria queries , caching , locking , as well as a metamodel API and support for validation .
Hibernate itself implemented JPA through the Hibernate Annotations and Hibernate Entity Manager libraries ( or flavors ) , which are built on top of the Hibernate Core libraries .
Hibernate EntityManager is a complete implementation of JPA and it follows the JPA lifecycle , while Hibernate Annotations has certain annotations specific to Hibernate ( apart from the standard ones that are part of JPA ) and it follows the Hibernate lifecycle .
Hibernate 3.5 ( released in March 2010 ) has complete support for JPA 2 , with Hibernate 3.5 Hibernate Annotations , Hibernate EntityManager and Hibernate Envers all integrated as part of the core project .
So what makes these two ORM technologies that seem to have so much in common different ?
In this article , we will present a brief comparison of JPA 2.0 and Hibernate with respect to their caching approaches and capabilities .
Caching in JPA 2
Caching is essential to optimizing an application 's performance and database access .
By storing the data needed to serve requests , caching reduces the time required to access an object from the database .
JPA 2.0 supports two levels of caching , JPA Level 1 ( L1 ) Cache and JPA Level 2 ( L2 ) Cache .
JPA Level 1 Cache
A JPA entity manager uses persistence context to manage entities .
The persistence context associated with the respective entity managers acts as the first - level cache .
At any point within a persistence context , an entity manager will have only one instance of the object mapped to a particular row in the database .
When another user in a different persistence context refers to the same entity object , JPA uses the scope of the persistence context to resolve the situation .
The persistence context can be in either transaction scope ( the default ) or extended scope .
In transaction scope , when a user conversation spans across multiple persistence contexts , the entities get detached at the end of the transaction .
To persist the changes on a detached entity in a different persistence context , the merge ( ) operation is used on the entity manager .
Here is an example of transaction scope :
@Statelesspublic EmpDetailsBean implements EmpDetails {@PersistenceContextEntityManager entityManager ; public Employee addEmployee ( String empId , String empName , String empUni ) { Employee employee = new Employee ( empId , empName , empUnit ) ;entityManager.persist( employee ) ; //employee is managed entityreturn employee ; //employee is detached entity}public Employee updateEmployee ( Employee employee ) {//employee is detached entity , employee1 is managed entity Employee employee1 = entityManager.merge( employee ) ; return employee;}}
In extended scope , the persistence context spans across multiple transactions , so the set of entities are not detached ; they remain managed .
Extended scope is better suited for applications where in a user spans multiple requests .
Here is an example of extended scope :
@Statefulpublic EmpDetailsBean implements EmpDetails {@PersistenceContext(type=PersistenceContextType.EXTENDED
)
EntityManager entityManager ;// Cached employeeprivate Employee employee ; public void addEmployee ( String empId , String empName , String empUnit ) {employee = new Employee ( empId , empName , empUnit ) ;entityManager.persist( employee ) ; //employee is managed entity}public void updateEmployee ( String empUnit ) { employee.setUnit(empUnit ) ; //employee is managed entity}}
However , the usage of extended scope should be reviewed thoroughly with regards to memory consumption for cached entity objects ; users should weigh the consequences of cached entities being updated by another transaction against the benefits of caching .
The choice depends entirely on the application and the number of concurrent transactions involved in it , coming down to whether or not it performs better than a direct database read .
Figure 1 shows a diagram of JPA level 1 cache .
JPA Level 2 Cache
Level 2 cache was introduced in the JPA 2.0 release .
JPA provides a Cache API for basic cache operations , while level 2 cache shares the state of an entity -- which is accessed with the help of the entity manager factory -- across various persistence contexts .
Level 2 cache underlies the persistence context , which is highly transparent to the application .
Figure 2 shows a diagram of JPA level 2 cache .
Level 2 cache is used typically to increase performance .
However , using cache may lead to " stale " data , so you may choose to disable caching .
To enable or disable caching on a class , you can use the @Cacheable annotation .
public interface Cache {/***
Whether the cache contains data for the given entity .*/ public boolean contains ( Class cls , Object primaryKey ) ;/***
Remove the data for the given entity from the cache .*/ public void evict ( Class cls , Object primaryKey ) ;/***
Remove the data for entities of the specified class ( and its * subclasses ) from the cache .*/ public void evict ( Class cls ) ;/***
Clear the cache.*/public void evictAll ( ) ;}
The Cache API provided by JPA 2.0 also allows you to refresh or bypass caching by using query hints , which are defined with two enums : CacheRetrieveMode and CacheStoreMode .
You use CacheRetrieveMode to read entity data from the cache ( the default ) by specifying this enum when the data is retrieved as follows :
javax.persistence.cache.retrieveMode : CacheRetrieveMode
To bypass the cache , you would get data directly from the database .
You use CacheStoreMode to insert / update entity data into cache when the data is read from a database and committed into a database ( the default ) by specifying when the data is committed to the database as follows :
javax.persistence.cache.storeMode : CacheStoreMode
CacheStoreMode does not force a refresh of already cached items when reading from the database .
To bypass the cache , do n't insert into cache .
To refresh the cache , insert / update entity data into cache when the data is read from the database and committed into the database .
This will force a refresh of cache for items read from database .
When Level 2 cache is enabled , the persistence provider will look for the entities in the persistence context first .
If it does not find them there , the persistence provider will look in the Level 2 cache next instead of sending a query to the database .
Page 1 of 2
They expect Portus , which had to be abandoned after it began to silt up in the 6th century , to eventually rank alongside some of the world 's best - known ancient cities .
" Portus must be one of the most important archaeological sites in the world , " said Prof Keay .
" The great thing about Portus is that most of it has been preserved and there is much more to learn about the important role it played in Rome 's success . "
This Mars Descent Imager ( MARDI ) camera will fly on the Curiosity rover of NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory mission .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Malin Space Science Systems
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A downward - pointing camera on the front - left side of NASA 's Curiosity rover will give adventure fans worldwide an unprecedented sense of riding a spacecraft to a landing on Mars .
The Mars Descent Imager , or MARDI , will start recording high - resolution video about two minutes before landing in August 2012 .
Initial frames will glimpse the heat shield falling away from beneath the rover , revealing a swath of Martian terrain below illuminated in afternoon sunlight .
The first scenes will cover ground several kilometers ( a few miles ) across .
Successive images will close in and cover a smaller area each second .
The full - color video will likely spin , then shake , as the Mars Science Laboratory mission 's parachute , then its rocket - powered backpack , slow the rover 's descent .
The left - front wheel will pop into view when Curiosity extends its mobility and landing gear .
The spacecraft 's own shadow , unnoticeable at first , will grow in size and slide westward across the ground .
The shadow and rover will meet at a place that , in the final moments , becomes the only patch of ground visible , about the size of a bath towel and underneath the rover .
Dust kicked up by the rocket engines during landing may swirl as the video ends and Curiosity 's surface mission can begin .
All of this , recorded at about four frames per second and close to 1,600 by 1,200 pixels per frame , will be stored safely into the Mars Descent Imager 's own flash memory during the landing .
But the camera 's principal investigator , Michael Malin of Malin Space Science Systems , San Diego , and everyone else will need to be patient .
Curiosity will be about 250 million kilometers ( about 150 million miles ) from Earth at that point .
It will send images and other data to Earth via relay by one or two Mars orbiters , so the daily data volume will be limited by the amount of time the orbiters are overhead each day .
" We will get it down in stages , " said Malin .
" First we 'll have thumbnails of the descent images , with only a few frames at full scale . "
Subsequent downlinks will deliver additional frames , selected based on what the thumbnail versions show .
The early images will begin to fulfill this instrument 's scientific functions .
" I am really looking forward to seeing this movie .
We have been preparing for it a long time , " Malin said .
The lower - resolution version from thumbnail images will be comparable to a YouTube video in image quality .
The high - definition version will not be available until the full set of images can be transmitted to Earth , which could take weeks , or even months , sharing priority with data from other instruments . "
The Mars Descent Imager will provide the Mars Science Laboratory team with information about the landing site and its surroundings .
This will aid interpretation of the rover 's ground - level views and planning of initial drives .
Hundreds of the images taken by the camera will show features smaller than what can be discerned in images taken from orbit .
This graphic portrays the sequence of key events in August 2012 from the time the NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft , with its rover Curiosity , enters the Martian atmosphere to a moment after it touches down on the surface .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Malin Space Science Systems
" Each of the 10 science instruments on the rover has a role in making the mission successful , " said John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , chief scientist for the Mars Science Laboratory .
" This one will give us a sense of the terrain around the landing site and may show us things we want to study .
Information from these images will go into our initial decisions about where the rover will go . "
The nested set of images from higher altitude to ground level will enable pinpointing Curiosity 's location even before an orbiter can photograph the rover on the surface .
Malin said , " Within the first day or so , we 'll know where we are and what 's near us .
MARDI does n't do much for six - month planning -- we 'll use orbital data for that -- but it will be important for six - day and 16 - day planning . "
In addition , combining information from the descent images with information from the spacecraft 's motion sensors will enable calculating wind speeds affecting the spacecraft on its way down , an important atmospheric science measurement .
The descent data will later serve in designing and testing future landing systems for Mars that could add more control for hazard avoidance .
After landing , the Mars Descent Imager will offer the capability to obtain detailed images of ground beneath the rover , for precise tracking of its movements or for geologic mapping .
The science team will decide whether or not to use that capability .
Each day of operations on Mars will require choices about how to budget power , data and time .
Last month , spacecraft engineers and technicians re-installed the Mars Descent Imager onto Curiosity for what is expected to be the final time , as part of assembly and testing of the rover and other parts of the Mars Science Laboratory flight system at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Besides the rover itself , the flight system includes the cruise stage for operations between Earth and Mars , and the descent stage for getting the rover from the top of the Martian atmosphere safely to the ground .
Malin Space Science Systems delivered the Mars Descent Imager in 2008 , when NASA was planning a 2009 launch for the mission .
This camera shares many design features , including identical electronic detectors , with two other science instruments the same company is providing for Curiosity : the Mast Camera and the Mars Hand Lens Imager .
The company also provided descent imagers for NASA 's Mars Polar Lander , launched in 1999 , and Phoenix Mars Lander , launched in 2007 .
However , the former craft was lost just before landing and the latter did not use its descent imager due to concern about the spacecraft 's data - handling capabilities during crucial moments just before landing .
Explore further Helicopter Helps Test Radar for 2012 Mars Landing
Image caption Armed police were called to the technology college on Friday afternoon
Police mounted a major operation to protect pupils at a Merseyside school after they were alerted by the FBI .
Armed police were called to St Aelred 's Catholic Technology College in Newton - le - Willows on Friday after reports someone had made threats to kill there .
The United States ' Federal Bureau of Investigation raised the alarm after picking up a threat posted on social networking site Facebook .
A 19 - year - old man was arrested and later released on bail .
More than 1,000 students , some of them taking their GCSEs , were in the Birley Street school at the time of the alert .
All entrances and exits were sealed while police investigated .
' Leaving this world '
The school said it was the FBI who raised the alarm after internet scanning software picked up a suspicious combination of words .
It picked up a posting showing a picture of a gun being held above a scrawled note , which read " tomorrow - last day of school " and went on to mention bullies and " leaving this world " .
Headteacher Edward Marr has now written to parents explaining how the situation came about .
He wrote : " Police officers attended school at 0800 am on Friday morning .
They had a photograph from the internet and asked if I could identify a person on it .
" It emerged that a threat had been made against the school which had been picked up by the FBI in America and passed eventually , as the school was identified , to Merseyside Police .
We were able to deal with the threat well away from the school premises Ch Supt Chris Armitt , Merseyside Police
" Staff at the school were able to suggest the identity of the man on the photograph and an arrest was made . "
Some parents have criticised police over why their children were allowed into classes while officers were investigating a possible armed threat .
Ch Supt Chris Armitt , from Merseyside Police , denied suggestions that officers could have closed the school as soon as they were aware of the threat .
He said : " We received some information between 1 am and 2 am , that information was imprecise and what we had to do was clarify what the information meant and what it related to .
" Once we were able to identify that school as potentially being at risk , we took steps quickly to get with the school staff . "
He added : " They were able to help us identify the possible threats that we faced and we were then able to deal with that well away from the school premises . "
Please play this must - see video by Alan Grayson explaining in great detail exactly why the Federal Reserve does not want to be audited , and thus why it absolutely needs to be audited .
" Let 's find out once and for all who owns the hotels , who owns the houses , and let 's try and put this wild beast that creates money out of nothing and jams it in the pockets of special interests like Maiden Lane , like Bear Stearns , like JPMorgan , like all their friends .
Let 's put them under some degree of restraint before it all comes crashing down , on us . "
Please play the video !
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Megachurch pastor Rick Warren is home recovering after his eyes were burned as he pruned a firestick plant in his yard , his spokesman told CNN Thursday .
Warren was hospitalized Monday after the incident and released Tuesday , said his spokesman , A. Larry Ross .
Warren is expected to make a full recovery , Ross said .
" My eyes were severely burned by a toxic poison , " Warren wrote in a Twitter message Thursday morning .
" Hospitalized Mon. Excruciating pain .
Now home .
Pray my sight loss is restored . "
Though the pain was initially so intense that Warren could not open his eyes on Monday , he was seeing well enough Thursday to send the Tweet himself , Ross said .
" The pain was excruciating - 12 on a scale of 1 through 10 , " Ross said .
" It 's now down to an 8 . "
Warren was pruning shrubs in the yard of his Southern California home when he wiped his eyes after picking up leaves from a firestick plant , Ross said .
The sap of the firestick is toxic and can cause skin irritation and temporary blindness if it comes in contact with the skin or eyes , according to the website gardenguides.com .
The firestick is a succulent with spiky orange branches .
Warren is currently on leave from his church , called Saddleback , to write a book , so the injury is not expected to affect his public schedule , Ross said .
" A doctor put protective contacts on my corneas as bandages during the healing , " Warren said in another Tweet on Thursday .
" I am NOT blind . "
The firestick is found around the world , Ross said , and grows well in Southern California .
" Pastor Rick , an avid gardener , purchased it locally himself , " Ross said .
We develop many fragments of natural and formal languages in a series of examples .
The progression of the examples reflects how we propose linguistic theories be expressed .
We first use Haskell as a calculator to express linguistic derivations for a trivial fragment of English as programs .
The very form of the programs is intuitive in that it resembles familiar notation and thus makes our intentions clear .
Next , we teach our calculator to check our syntactic categories for us .
This move begins our journey to expressing theories at a higher level of abstraction , to expressing our intuitions in terms of programs and types .
We demonstrate how our calculator builds form and meaning in tandem .
We apply the same approach -- representing valid derivations as well - typed programs and abstracting over interpretations -- to formal languages : propositional logic and higher - order predicate logic ( Ty2 ) .
We then grow our languages .
To the context - free English fragment , we add quantifiers and obtain their proper treatment .
A slight enhancement to our logic , language of meanings , lets us transcribe the common analyses of expressives and intensionality .
We extend our fragment with pronouns .
To explain their meaning , we grow our logic to add information states , which we then abstract over to create a lambda - calculus with a constant `it ' .
We add the interpretation of a sentence as an imperative program performing an information ``update ' ' .
We explain de Groote 's dynamic logic analysis of donkey sentences .
The step - by - step extensions are so modular that even our lexical entry for `every ' -- written without anaphora in mind -- can then be reused to calculate simplified truth conditions for donkey sentences .
Barker and Shan 's account of donkey anaphora and Moortgat 's symmetric categorial grammar can also be expressed .
We use the programming language Haskell not to implement a parser or framework for syntax and semantics , but as a metalanguage in which to directly express analyses or theories of syntax and semantics .
Written in Haskell , the analyses look quite like TeX , but are automatically type - checked and can be simplified .
nat-sem.pdf [ 265 K ]
A short paper presenting the course
slides.pdf [ 111 K ]
Slides for the lectures , including the exercises
language - map.pdf [ 19 K ]
The map of languages and interpretations
TUKWILA , Wash . –
It ’s looking more and more likely that Seattle Sounders FC and absentee Freddie Ljungberg are headed for divorce .
As the squad took the practice field Tuesday morning , Seattle ’s first designated player was nowhere to be found .
Seattle coach Sigi Schmid confirmed Tuesday that his star player is “ exploring options , ” the first public acknowledgment by the club of what had long been suspected .
“ Ljungberg is still [ dealing ] with the ankle but also , at this point , he is exploring options , ” Schmid said .
“ So we ’ll see how things proceed in the next three , four , five days . ”
The Swedish star last played in Seattle ’s July 4 defeat at Los Angeles .
He was replaced in the starting lineup a week later against FC Dallas by teenager Miguel Montano .
According to the club , Ljungberg was held out of the game due to a left ankle injury .
He was with the team for training on July 13 , but did n’t travel for the game at D.C.
United two days later and was granted the weekend off .
It ’s unclear where Ljungberg might be headed .
His contract with Seattle ends in November , meaning that as of June , he was free to negotiate with other clubs as per FIFA regulations .
The club is not ruling out a return , although it seems unlikely given recent events .
Technical Director Chris Henderson told the Tacoma News Tribune that letting Ljungberg depart could free up a designated player spot , which could be extremely valuable for Seattle .
" I think he can look at his options overseas , options within the league , " Henderson told the newspaper .
" Potentially the club could get a DP spot open , get salary relief .
It opens a lot of doors for us .
That right there is a big reason . ”
Schmid did not want to speculate on the events that led to the acrimonious relationship between the organization and its star player .
He did say that earlier in the season , the ownership group put the entire organization ( including Schmid ) on notice after the team 's rough start .
" It was a situation where they were n't really willing to make commitments going into the following season at this point , ” Schmid said , “ and I think that was primary reason for a player like him , with his pedigree and at his age , to say , ' Hey , I got to start looking at some options to see exactly where I 'll be next year . ’”
A pair of would - be burglars picked the wrong home to rob this holiday weekend , as an Inkster homeowner confronted them , fatally shooting one while the second fled .
an Inkster couple , who asked not to be identified , woke early Monday to find a broken window and two men in their home on Parkwood near Middlebelt .
One of the men carried a gun and opened fire .
Police say the homeowner -- who happened to be licensed to carry a concealed weapon -- retrieved his own weapon and fatally shot the armed suspect .
Neighbor Diane Austin told the television station the neighborhood had quieted down following a night of fireworks when gunshots rang out .
" When I finally saw them come out , I ( was ) just glad they 're alive , because they could both be dead over there and they have a little baby , too , " she said .
the armed suspect -- identified as a 32 - year - old from Detroit -- died in the driveway of the Inkster home .
Police do not expect to file charges against the homeowner , but have turned evidence over to the county prosecutor as is standard procedure .
Authorities continue to search for the second suspect , who managed to flee the scene .
Crime Stoppers is offering a $ 1,000 reward for information leading to his arrest .
As always , call 1- 800 - SPEAK - UP if you can help .
In school i have been learning about a strange country called russia and i dont think it even exists because it just seems too ... impractical .
Rupert Murdoch 's BSkyB has bought the exclusive rights to the entire HBO TV catalogue , which includes a huge range of American shows such as The Wire , True Blood , The Sopranos and Martin Scorsese 's eagerly - awaited crime drama Boardwalk Empire , MediaGuardian can reveal .
The satellite TV company has signed a content deal with HBO , the US channel that revolutionised the television market by launching a pay - TV service that screens big - budget dramas .
The Sky deal , expected to be announced this morning , will give Sky access to HBO 's archive and all forthcoming shows over the lifetime of the agreement .
It is believed to be worth around £ 150 m over five years .
The acquisition forms part of a push by Sky to improve its non-sport content as it tries to increase subscriber numbers .
The company currently has 9.7 million customers , but is expected to announce today that it has added another 450,000 new subscribers when it unveils its annual results .
It is on track to hit a 10 million target by the end of 2010 .
The deal also illustrates the huge financial firepower Sky has at its disposal .
It will spend £ 1.7bn on content this year , the majority of it on sports and film rights .
Five , which was bought by Express Newspapers owner Richard Desmond last week , has an annual programming budget of around £ 165 m .
BBC2 , which screened all five series of The Wire last year , spends around £ 500 m on content each year .
Sky will now be able to screen some of the defining US television shows of the past decade , including The Sopranos and Sex and the City .
It also has the rights to several series currently shown by rival broadcasters , including Entourage , which is shown on ITV2 , and Curb Your Enthusiasm , which was broadcast on Channel 4 .
Sky will begin screening those series when the current deals with rival terrestrial channels expire .
Other HBO shows that have been cancelled but remain popular include macabre black comedy Six Feet Under .
The first HBO series to be shown on Sky will be Scorsese 's gangster drama Boardwalk Empire .
Set in the east coast resort town of Atlantic City in the 1920s , it stars Steve Buscemi as a mob boss who makes a fortune importing illegal alcohol .
It makes its debut on HBO in America in September and will be shown on Sky shortly after .
Sky One , the broadcaster 's entertainment channel , already shows Pacific , Steven Spielberg 's 10 - part drama set in the second world war .
As part of the latest deal , Sky will also hold the rights to Band of Brothers , the Hollywood director 's war saga that revolved around the D - Day landings in Normandy .
Sky is investing a huge amount of money in new programming by acquiring hit shows and commissioning original content .
It is trying to position Sky Arts as the country 's premier cultural channel as it attempts to demonstrate to politicians and regulators that it can produce programming that was once the preserve of public service broadcasters like the BBC .
Despite repeated attempts
Sky has so far failed to find a homegrown TV hit , however , and has relied on buying in programmes from abroad .
Sky One launched a general entertainment show , Got to Dance , fronted by Big Brother host Davina McCall last year , but it did not win big audiences .
It lured Harry Enfield from the BBC in a big - money deal in 2000 , but Harry Enfield 's Brand Spanking New Show was a career low point .
Despite repeated attempts to diversify , the business remains reliant on sports content , most notably the Premier League , although it points out that only 5 % of viewing is football - related .
Sky 's results are expected to show it made a pre-tax profit of around £ 850 m in the 12 months to the end of March 2010 , up from £ 813 m in the last financial year .
It is expected to make £ 1bn in 2011 for the first time .
Sky is thriving at a time when commercial rivals , including ITV and Channel 4 , are seeing profits fall dramatically .
Channel 4 made a pre-tax profit of £ 300,000 this year after cutting costs .
One in every two of the country 's 23 m households now has pay - TV and Sky dominates the market .
It will make HBO 's shows available on its catch - up TV service Sky+ , which will relaunch shortly .
“ Traveling is like flirting with life .
It ’s like saying , ‘ I would stay and love you , but I have to go ; this is my station . ’” – Lisa St. Aubin de Teran
Without a doubt the number one reason why I love to travel and live abroad is because it forces me to learn more about myself .
Through traveling I gain a deeper understanding of myself and the world in general .
Today I briefly want to describe how traveling can help you go through an inner transformation .
There comes a point in a long - term travelers ’ journey where they begin to question many things , they may begin to feel as if they are losing themselves .
I want to try to point out that if you do find yourself in this position , to not be afraid .
Being in this space is an opportunity for amazing growth .
I will try to offer some guidance on what you can do to learn and expand from this experience .
How Does Traveling Help You Grow As a Person ?
“ I am not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world . ” – Mary Anne Radmacher Hershey
Much of your experience depends on how different your environment is from what you ’re used to .
If I am American and move to London , sure , I am going to have a great time , but the transition will be fairly painless .
Moving to a completely different country in which your clearly out of your comfort zone is key .
In This type of situation you will encounter many things for which you have no reference for .
This automatically puts you in a different level of awareness , you ’re forced to be alert , and you ca n’t rely on your old knowledge .
This heightened sense of awareness will allow you to see things you never saw before , in yourself and the world .
Since everything is new and if you ca n’t speak the language you are automatically forced to try to make sense of it all .
Typically our attention and energy is going out into the world .
Now , if you stay watchful you will see your attention going inward .
Embarking on Your Inner Journey
For many of us we have never really looked inside ourselves .
But now we have nowhere to hide , we need to look .
This is the point where you will become really intimate with the ideas you have of yourself , of your ego .
Things which you may have been really identified to and derived your sense of self from .
Your ego is essentially your self - image ; it ’s the mask you display to society .
Your ego only survives by constantly seeking approval from that which it wants to identify with .
This is the society you are raised in .
Therefore all the unhappiness you experience comes from the constant battle of your ego seeking approval in the outside world .
What happens when your family , friends , and your typical environment is not there to reinforce the ideas you have of yourself ?
They become shaky ; they start to lose their grip on you .
Living in the unknown your ego falls apart and the real you begins to emerge .
“ Once in a while it really hits people that they do n’t have to experience the world in the way they have been told to . ” – Alan Keightley
You will begin to challenge and question everything you have ever believed .
If you do n’t run away and use this as a way to grow , you will see that all your beliefs belong to society , they were never really yours .
This can be extremely scary , liberating , nauseating , and a million other things all at once .
Now you may come to a point to where you feel completely lost , where everything you once knew is now seen as an illusion .
But simultaneously you also get a tremendous feeling of freedom , freedom from all that was false .
Now your journey really begins .
If you keep trucking along , losing and questioning many of your beliefs will lead you to develop trust in yourself .
Trust is something society can’t give you ; trust comes from your own experiences .
You may even feel a new quality or type of consciousness growing in you .
Keep walking my friend ; this is your opportunity to live a life of awareness , a life of authenticity .
You can only be authentic through your own understanding .
Developing your trust will give you the courage to continually make the leap into the unknown .
The Key Skill That Traveling Can Instill is Observation
Traveling can help you to constantly be in state of observation , a watchful state .
Learning to watch is the key in learning about oneself .
You need to learn to be a passive observer of your mind , of your thought process .
You learn that to control and suppress only leads to inner conflict .
Just by constantly remaining in a state of watchful aloofness , you will see how the number of thoughts you have naturally comes down .
You will be living in a meditative state ; meditation is simply the art of learning to watch .
Learning to watch your mind you will come to know its positive and negative tendencies .
Learn from them .
You may even feel like you are turning on yourself .
Expanding your consciousness will allow you to see your own faults ; you bring them out into the light .
Do n’t feel bad , just by seeing them clearly they will begin to fall on their own .
They where only existing because you where unconscious of them .
Developing a quiet mind will allow you to catch glimpses of really being in the here and now .
For the typical tourist they may be under the Eiffel Tower but they are still thinking of things from back home , along with all the anxiety that that brings .
Then when they are back at home , their experience of the Eiffel Tower is vague .
It ’s vague because they where not really present .
Continuing Your Growth
I would advise anyone to incorporate meditation daily into there lives .
If you are new to meditation as a general guideline try to meditate one minute for every year of your age .
If you are 26 , meditate 26 minutes daily .
If you know nothing about meditating educate your self and find something that works for you .
The easiest method is “ Vipassana ” , which is just learning to watch your outgoing and incoming breath .
Like I said earlier , mediation is the art of learning to be a detached witness , yet being very alert , having a sensitive mind .
Incorporating daily mediation will help you become more even minded , and cultivate your ability to observe and be a witness to your daily life .
I am currently working on a small yet in depth guide on how to practically practice meditation in our lives , if you would like to know when its finished sign up for my newsletter .
In traveling and living abroad learn to be with your silence .
When you are bored do n’t escape into entertainment like TV and internet .
Remember that you do n’t know how long you will be in your host country – make the most of it .
Go on a walk and get lost in your city , there is always something you can be doing and learning .
If you are thinking of traveling abroad , I hope that I inspired you to go on a quest of personal growth .
Wishing you the best … .
God Speed my friend .
If you enjoyed this post please help me out by passing it along to your friends and ‘ like ’ our Facebook Page .
Also , if you have any of your own insights please share them in the comments section .
Despite calls for him to step aside , Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott McInnis said Thursday he is “ in it to win it . ”
But after a second day of meetings , phone calls and political maneuvering , some Colorado power brokers may have different ideas .
One strategy was to see McInnis through the primary against opponent Dan Maes , who has trailed McInnis in the polls and failed to garner support from the GOP establishment .
If McInnis wins the primary , but looks like he wo n’t be a formidable threat against Democrat John Hickenlooper , then party leaders may try and squeeze him out , according to Republicans who took part in the conversations .
A vacancy committee would appoint a new candidate .
State Sen. Greg Brophy , the assistant minority leader from Wray , said whoever wins the Aug.
10 GOP primary should step down or else Colorado may be one of the few states going blue in November .
“ Let a vacancy committee appoint someone who can articulate the message for Republicans and not be distracted by plagiarism charges or campaign finance problems , ” Brophy said , referencing two issues that have dogged McInnis and Maes respectively .
Maes agreed last week to pay $ 17,500 in fines for campaign finance violations .
Republicans being considered as possible replacements are University of Colorado President Bruce Benson , state senate minority leader Josh Penry , former Congressman Tom Tancredo and GOP senate candidates Ken Buck and Jane Norton .
McInnis faced allegations of plagiarism this week and then suffered self - inflicted political wounds trying to explain away the charges .
McInnis blamed a Glenwood Springs engineer Rolly Fischer for plagiarizing passages in water essays from a Colorado Supreme Court Justice .
McInnis turned in the essays as his own work while a fellow at The Hasan Foundatio which paid him $ 300,000 .
Fischer , 82 , told KMGH - Ch.7
Wednesday that McInnis was lying and accused his campaign of trying to force him to sign a statement accepting blame .
On Thursday , McInnis addressed speculation that he might drop out of the race on his Facebook page .
“ I am in it to win it , ” he wrote .
“ We will continue to fight for Colorado ’s businesses and families and will not leave this race .
Stay strong ! ”
Later in the day he told a Post reporter ” — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
McInnis , who had a fund - raiser in Aspen Wednesday night attended by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and others , cancelled a Thursday appearance at a rally supporting the Northern Integrated Supply Project ( NISP ) , which calls for the construction of two new dams in northern Colorado to divert water from the Poudre River .
Maes said he was n’t surprised McInnis was a no - show .
“ That ’s his MO ( modus operandi ) , ” Maes said , noting that his on - line contributions have gone up in the past 48 hours .
Maes then softened his comments , saying he respected “ his decision not to be here .
My heart goes out to him . ”
Not all other Republicans , however , were as charitable , although they stopped short of calling on McInnis or Maes to get out .
“ Scott has been a friend for many years , ” said senate candidate Norton .
“ But it ’s obvious he ’s made a very serious mistake , and frankly Dan Maes has too .
I have said it in my own race , character and integrity matter . ”
Colorado Republicans have suffered big losses in the past three election cycles .
This year the local and national winds are at their backs , but if the top of the ticket is weak , it could impact other races .
Republican consultant Katy Atkinson said McInnis and the GOP are probably in the field polling primary voters .
“ They have to see how much attention people have been paying and how things are going over with voters , ” she said .
“ But in the end , the final decision will be Scott’s . ”
— Lynn Bartels and Monte Whaley contributed to this report .
Karen Crummy : 303-954-1594 or kcrummy@denverpost.com
" I 'm not opposed to letting people come in and work and labor in our country , " Mr Paul said .
" But I think what we should do is we should n't provide an easy route to citizenship .
A lot of this is about demographics .
If you look at new immigrants from Mexico , they register three to one Democrat , so the Democratic Party is for easy citizenship and allowing them to vote .
I think we need to address that . "
Official : Obama sought seat for Jarrett
Illinois SEIU chief Tom Balanoff , testifying under oath , provides a clear narrative of something the White House has flatly denied in the past : That Obama sought to have Valerie Jarrett to replace him in the Senate .
Tom Balanoff , head of the SEIU in Illinois , testified today that Obama called him the night before the 2008 election to say that while he would not be taking a public position , he believed Valerie Jarrett would fit his standards of being good for Illinois and able to hold the seat in 2010 .
Balanoff quoted Obama as saying : " I would much prefer she [ serve in the White House ] but she does want to be Senator and she does meet those criteria . "
The White House does not seem to have denied this sequence , but certainly offered extremely evasive answers when asked about it , as in this apparent denial from David Axelrod soon after Blagojevich was indicted .
" [ Obama ] always – his preference was ... always that she serve in the White House , " he said .
An official report also avoided this rather relevant narrative , and Jarrett also brushed off the story by , essentially , focusing on the definition of the word " is . "
There 's no suggestion of an illegal quid pro quo in the new testimony , but the slippery apparent denials are a good reminder about taking things politicians and their aides say at face value .
Sex toys have come a long way since the Stone Age – but then again , perhaps not as much as we might think .
Last week , an excavation in Sweden turned up an object that bears the unmistakable look of a penis carved out of antler bone .
Though scientists can't be sure exactly what this tool was used for , it 's hard not to leap to conclusions .
[ See " Sex Myths and Taboos " ]
" Your mind and my mind wanders away to make this interpretation about what it looks like – for you and me , it signals this erected - penis - like shape , " said archaeologist Göran Gruber of the National Heritage Board in Sweden , who worked on the excavation .
" But if that 's the way the Stone Age people thought about it , I can't say . "
The resemblance is uncanny .
" Without doubt anyone alive at the time of its making would have seen the penile similarities just as easily as we do today , " wrote Swedish archaeologist Martin Rundkvist on his blog , Aardvarchaeology .
The discovery is so recent , Gruber said , there has n't been enough time to submit the finding for publication in a scientific journal , though the researchers plan to .
Ancient phallic objects
The carved bone was unearthed at a Mesolithic site in Motala , Sweden , that is rich with ancient artifacts from between 4,000 to 6,000 B.C.
The area 's unique features may have allowed bone artifacts , which usually get destroyed over the millennia , to survive .
" It 's an organic object , that 's why it 's special , " Gruber told LiveScience .
" Normally when we excavate early Mesolithic sites we never get the organic material .
But this site where we 're excavating now is along the shoreline .
The preservation is very good here – it's been lying in the bottom sediments and clay layers of the river , and it 's been well preserved there . "
The dildo - like object is about 4 inches ( 10.5 cm ) long and 0.8 inches ( 2 cm ) in diameter .
It 's not the first time that such a phallic object has been found from the ancient world .
Another item strongly resembling a penis was unearthed in Germany in 2005 .
That one is even older – dating from 28,000 years ago – and made of stone .
Yet the recent discovery was enough to shock the scientists working at the dig , which is led by National Heritage Board archaeologist Fredrik Molin .
" Nobody here , and nobody that we heard of or talked with , had ever seen something like this in northern European or Scandinavian sites , " Gruber said .
Other uses
Perhaps instead of , or in addition to , its sexual purpose , the object may have been used as a tool , such as to chip flakes of flint , Gruber suggested .
One end is shaped into more of a point , he said .
It 's not immediately clear whether the tool would have been one most likely to be used by men or women or both .
" If it 's a tool and it's also shaped like a penis , it could be an item where you want to discuss gender questions , " Gruber said .
Sexual symbolism is n't uncommon on ancient artifacts , though more often female symbols , such as those representing a fertile mother Earth , are seen .
" I think this perhaps points in another direction , so to say , " Gruber said .
Miss . lawmakers plan to reallocate CARES Act money
Legislators will make their latest visit to the Capitol on Thursday , where they will discuss COVID - 19 relief .
Apparently : “ This is a glimpse of politics in the age of social networking , politics as organized crime .
The Black guy wearing black , LBPD say he is Walmart loss prevention .
That 's right he is on the job during this .
The basic message here is that " NOBODY " cares about your safety here .
Security will not call police , nor will they intervene .
We thugs run this environment , YOU do n't know where your at right now ... tummyauto 4 days agoIn case you are wondering why I was filming , yes there is a reason .
I am being group stalked in LA .
No I am not Paranoid this is happening to people and its real .
I have witnesses from the social services institution that is supporting me .
And no I do n't have any mental health problems .
The community outreach from councilwoman Suja Lowenthal 's office has seen the video and is working to improve bike parking at the mall but will not get involved in addressing stalking in the district .
Quote , " It 's pretty far reaching " Ramone Agulare , community outreach .
This is a glimpse of politics in the age of social networking , politics as organized crime .
The Black guy wearing black , LBPD say he is Walmart loss prevention .
That 's right he is on the job during this .
More detailed explanation here.princeofnetworks.com/2009/09/24/web-2-0-culture-wars-the-end-of-effective-rule-of-law/tummyauto
5 days agoFilmed on a Kodak Zi6 attached to my messenger bag .
After the video I called and waited 45 mi after several calls for police to respond .
LBPD officer watched video and blew it off .
Said if I was afraid of him he could arrest him for terrorist threat , but since ...
Got forwarded to Ramone Agular in Councilman Loenthal 's office where it lead to LBPD taking the video as evidence to charge the perp with something when he gets out of lockup .
Where he is now for bike theft .
My concern is with the older security guard clearly working with them .
LBPD said they would investigate him , and that he should be fired .
I rode by him yesterday , he 's still there .
All they need to do is dump his phone and look for ties to know offenders .
So I think I basically got lip serviced .
Turns out the only real currency these days is Public Relations .
LB is concerned about it 's image to a point so the more eyes view this the more chance there is of Lowenthals 's office making enough noise to get the criminal culture turned around .
Get the Plat security guard fired ...
Plat security is owned by an X LBPD BTW ... ” Not my video .
Guy is in jail now .
My first real LL .
Enjoy & vote it .
Source : www.vimeo.com/12623919
Structured Cabling is the core element of the corporate network and it is important that your solution is designed and installed correctly to ensure that it meets your requirements for today and for the future .
Sahar Communications can source , install , de- install and maintain :
Sales of new homes are near 47 - year lows , yet the supply of new and existing homes is expected to grow in the months ahead as construction ramps up and a wave of foreclosed homes hits the market .
In June , new - home sales were running at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 330,000 units , the Commerce Department said Monday .
While that was up 23.6 % from the all - time low of 267,000 in May , the June figures were the second lowest on record .
" What ...
Parents who despair over their teenagers ' lack of concentration in class , inability to sit still long enough to finish homework or plan ahead , should take solace .
Their children are not being lazy or careless – they are hapless victims of neurobiology .
New research has found that teenagers ' brains continue developing far longer into adulthood than previously thought .
Adolescents may look like young adults but their brain structure resembles that of much younger children , according to the study to be published in the Journal of Neuroscience on Wednesday .
" It is not always easy for adolescents to pay attention in class without letting their minds wander , or to ignore distractions from their younger sibling when trying to solve a maths problem , " said Dr Iroise Dumontheil of University College London 's Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience , one of the authors of the research .
" But it 's not the fault of teenagers that they can't concentrate and are easily distracted .
It 's to do with the structure of their brains .
Adolescents simply do n't have the same mental capacities as an adult . "
Using MRI scans , the brain activity of adolescents were monitored as they tried to solve a problem in their heads while ignoring environmental distractions .
The scans revealed an unexpected level of activity in the prefrontal cortex , a large region at the front of the brain involved in decision - making and multitasking .
This indicated that the brain was working less effectively than that of an adult .
" We knew that the prefrontal cortex of young children functioned in this chaotic way but we did n't realise it continued until the late 20s or early 30s , " said Dr Sarah - Jayne Blakemore , who led the study .
" What we discovered was that the part of the brain needed to complete this sort of process is still very much developing throughout adolescence .
This means it continues to do a lot of needless work when making these sorts of decisions . "
Chaotic thought patterns are a result , she said , of teenagers ' brains containing too much grey matter – the cell bodies and connections which carry messages within the brain .
As we age , the amount of grey matter in our brains decreases .
" What our research has shown is that there is simply too much going on in the brains of adolescents , " said Blakemore .
" The result is that their brain energy and resources are wasted and their decision - making process negatively affected . "
Adults , on the other hand , have less grey matter , said Blakemore .
" This means that neural transmissions travel more efficiently between brain cells , so the brain works more effectively . "
SEOUL , South Korea —
After a long day of seeking out new students on the drab and grimy , windswept streets of Geumcheon , one of Seoul ’s poorest areas , English teachers Jared Turley and Spencer Gunnel sit inside an empty classroom , waiting for a shy 12 - year - old student nicknamed Superstar .
A thin boy with glasses , he finally arrives and sits down in a single chair opposite the two teachers .
Despite Superstar ’s tardiness , the instructors appear thrilled to see him and inflect their voices generously when speaking to him .
In a mix of English and Korean ( a language Gunnel and Turley have spent countless hours studying ) the lesson begins .
Superstar is a stellar student with a passion for English .
But that ’s not how he earned his name .
He never misses class and usually brings along friends , some of whom are interested in sticking around for the second part of the private lesson — learning the Mormon gospel .
Superstar converted to the faith in late 2009 .
Turley and Gunnel are on a mission that ’s part rote learning and part religion .
For the pair of strait - laced missionaries known as elders , who are on a two - year assignment in South Korea , the English classes are a way to attract new sheep to their flock .
South Korea is home to 80,000 Mormons and 500 missionaries , according to church literature , representing one of the Mormon ’s Asian strongholds .
It ranks third in overall population , behind Japan and the Philippines .
Unlike in those countries , proselytizers here have a special tool to lure converts — offering classes to a citizenry that views English proficiency as a prerequisite to success .
On many days , these pious peddlers stand on crowded Seoul street - corners hawking a sure - fire come on .
In a city where language schools are expensive and private lesson rates run as high as $ 65 an hour , their classes are free .
But there ’s a catch .
Most lessons require students to remain for a second session discussing the Book of Mormon .
“ A lot of people think we ’re English teachers , ” said Gunnel , a slim blond college freshman who , like all Mormon missionaries , is required to wear a conservative dark suit , white shirt and nametag .
Added missionary Brian Booth : “ Probably most people drop out [ of the bible lessons ] because they ’re in it for the English . ”
The missionaries say they do n’t consider the ploy to be any false advertising .
They ’ll do whatever it takes to promote their religious cause .
But not all Koreans see it that way .
Some students have complained that the teaching sessions take on the tone of a pushy time - share pitch .
“ They say ‘ Oh , we can teach English ’ but the truth is that only if we go to church can we learn English , and we have to believe in their God , ” said Shin Ayeong , 22 , who went to a few classes before dropping out .
Still , the missionaries sent her telephone texts for months , imploring her to return , she said .
The street solicitations are known as “ boarding , ” when missionaries use placards and fliers to stop passersby .
But their tactics are not exactly forthcoming as neither the missionaries nor their advertisements usually mention the religious requirements of the free language lessons .
“ You ca n’t put everything on a billboard , ” said Korea Seoul West Mission President Craig Burton .
Every one of the 15 or so private English lessons Turley and Gunnel teach each week has a religious requirement .
Students must show interest in the faith or they ’re shown the door .
“ If they ’re not showing any interest [ in the religious aspect ] probably by the sixth week , you ’d ask them about it . ”
Depending on the answer , lessons would stop or continue , Turley said .
For Gunnel and Turley , a tall , handsome Utah native with mission - regulation cropped hair and a rich , sonorous voice , the Mormon regimen here is rigorous .
Each day , they study Korean and the Mormon gospel from 6:30 a.m. to 11 a.m .
Then , until at least 9:00 at night , the “ companions ” must proselytize by wandering the streets , knocking on doors and teaching English and religion lessons to students .
They also visit members and “ less - active members , ” who sometimes have not heard from the church in 35 to 40 years , Turley said .
Known in church lexicon as “ companions , ” the pair does everything together — literally .
Their missionary handbook stresses that while soliciting they should n’t even be on different floors of the same building .
Separations are allowed only “ in an interview with the mission president , on a companion exchange , or in the bathroom , ” the manual says .
The duo said they understand why .
“ There are lots of temptations on the street , ” said Gunnel .
“ Hey , do n’t look at the ground , ” they tell each other when roaming streets littered with adult entertainment and prostitution leaflets , he said .
Other rules forbid them from watching TV , going to movies , listening to the radio or using the internet “ except to communicate with your family or your mission president or as otherwise authorized , ” the handbook says .
Wolfing down a dinner of Korean omelets , Turley and Gunnel admitted that they knew little about the U.S. war in Afghanistan or even the 2008 global financial crisis .
Instead , the missionaries spend their days looking for new language students — and converts like Superstar .
But they ’re not the only ones with a game plan .
One Korean mother sent her teenage son to English classes for five months , all the while delaying her child ’s baptism .
Finally , after giving about $ 1,500 worth of free English tutoring , the missionaries put their foot down .
They canceled the lessons .
From : designboom.com
“ It ’s a clever solution to a very real and obvious problem , however .
The bridge is part of a proposal by NL Architects to connect Hong Kong with mainland China .
To do that , they had to solve a problem :
In Hong Kong , people drive on the left side of the road .
In mainland China , they drive on the right side .
Here ’s the solution : A road flipper that physically twists the roads over each other . ”
A San Antonio man was sentenced to three years in prison Wednesday for his role in a series of bizarre cat mutilations three years ago that garnered national attention .
Jordan Scott Mitchell , 24 , pleaded no contest to three counts of animal cruelty in February for the torture and death of three gray tabbies that were found duct taped to a piece of plywood near the Cibolo Creek Trails .
Two had slit throats and another had been disemboweled .
Wednesday 's hearing came less than a month after co-defendant Austin George Patterson , 21 , was ordered to serve eight years in prison for the same cruelty charges .
During both hearings , the defendants acknowledged a fourth killing in which a cat was doused in gasoline and burned alive while tied to a tree .
Both men also cited psychiatric problems that had haunted them since childhood and blamed the other for being a negative influence .
? Frankly , I do n't know how you two found each other , ? state District Judge Sid Harle told Mitchell as he announced the sentence .
?
It might have been the perfect storm .?
Both men seemed to have loving families who tried to get them help , Harle said .
But ? when the acting out starts to occur at this level , punishment has to happen , ? he said .
Mitchell told police he stood by as Patterson coaxed the felines from families who posted ads on Craigslist seeking new homes for their pets , and he accompanied Patterson to Home Depot as they purchased plywood and nails .
While Mitchell did n't participate in the mutilation or killings , he did help duct tape the animals and knew what Patterson was about to do to them , Mitchell said .
The two were n't so much friends as acquaintances ?
co-existing in misery , ?
Mitchell testified Wednesday .
? I did n't want to be by myself , so I hung around him , ?
he said .
?
I believe that with my depression and anxiety , it felt like nothing mattered .
With Austin's anger and unbalanced emotions ?
I fed off of his anger and it made me more angry .?
Defense attorney Brandon Hudson cited testimony from two psychologists who said Mitchell was a follower and did n't appear to show sociopathic tendencies .
Deferred adjudication probation , he said , would allow for punishment without taking away from the progress Mitchell has made with new anxiety medication .
?
Nothing should scare us of Jordan , ?
Hudson said .
?
His mind is not so broken as to be a threat to society .?
Prosecutor Jason Garrahan asked for a six - year sentence , pointing out that the district attorney 's office has received more than 500 letters from the public expressing disgust for the men's actions .
Mitchell will have to serve at least half of the sentence before being eligible for parole .
We knew the Wii Controller Demo app ( now known as " Wii Controller IME " ) was close to being able to interact with Android in a meaningful way , but we certainly did n't expect to see Average Joes playing Donkey Kong on their Nexus
One devices this soon .
Not that we 're kvetching or anything -- and in fact , we 'd argue that this landed at a perfect time for you hard - workin ' Android owners to give this all a spin over the weekend .
Jump on past the break for a look at the setup procedure as well as bona fide proof that a Wiimote and Android can indeed work together for the greater good .
Mind those coconuts , though .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ] :
Whoa , we just spotted that this app is actually pikipirs ' completely free Wiimote Controller app ( available now to download in alpha ) , which just so happened to surface at about the same time as Ryan Frawley 's Will Controller IME ( also available now ) .
The more the merrier , right ?
Earlier this week , I engaged in some light mockery of a People Magazine contest encouraging brides - to - be to lose weight before their wedding days .
But yesterday , some commenters pointed out why this is no joking matter :
Did you know that these women are , like , fat ?
And you do know how unhealthy that is , right ?
Holy shit , you guys , why did n’t you say something earlier ?
People Magazine is doing women everywhere a public service by worrying so much about our health for us .
And to think I almost dismissed this initiative out of hand !
Let ’s take a closer look at this valuable asset that ’s been gifted to our gender .
Here ’s how the magazine describes this contest : “ For the Next Nine Months , We ’re Following These Six Women as They Work with a Trainer and a Nutritionist to Get Smaller for Their Big Day . ”
It is illustrated with a photograph of each woman grimacing as she struggles to fit into a dresses that is too small for her .
I ’m sure by “ smaller , ” People really means “ healthier . ”
And I ’m sure by illustrating the piece with a photograph of each woman grimacing as she struggles to fit into a dresses that is too small for her , People really means for us to be seeing visions of crisp apples and unrolled yoga mats and shit .
After all , as commenter Kit - Kat writes : “ This is not about losing weight for purely aesthetic reasons .
These women need to lose weight for health reasons . ”
And they desperately need to do it juuuust before their wedding days , when everyone in their lives will be intently judging how unhealthy they are — - in a totally non-aesthetic manner , of course .
( As a special gift for their weddings , these loved ones will also conveniently ignore all the ways that diets like this are actually bad for you ) .
But do n’t take it from me : let ’s hear it straight from the dieters themselves :
* “ Eager to ‘ be healthier , ’ Jones adds , ‘ I ’d want to lose weight whether I was getting married or not . ’
But the thought of standing before 150 guests at the Biltmore Estate in Asheville , N.C. , on her wedding day is ‘ an extra motivating factor , ’ she admits .
‘ I want to enjoy taking pictures — not running from the camera ! ' ”
* “ When Councell , 35 , tried on wedding dresses for the first time , she was shocked to find out she was a size 16 .
‘ I ’ll get married in a blanket before I buy a size - 16 gown ! ’ says the 5′ bride . ”
* “ Now she has a big reason to change her habits :
When she exchanges vows with Head , 25 , in October , ‘ I want my dress , ’ she says , ‘ to be very fitted . ' ”
* “ Ever since she got engaged last October , one thought has consistently run through Quintero ’s head :
Oh my gosh — I ’m going to be a fat bride ! ”
* “ When her high school sweetheart proposed in 2008 , Cerrata , 26 , was ecstatic — until she saw their engagement photos .
‘ I was like ‘ Put them away ! ’ she says . ”
Well there you have it .
This has absolutely nothing to do with appearance , and it certainly is completely unrelated to subtly shaming some women into believing that they are too fat to be loved , like , in public in front of everyone .
That ’s why I ’m excited for People to roll out the following health - related wedding promotions :
* People Magazine ’s Bride - to - Be Cholesterol Reduction Challenge : “ I ’ll get married in a blanket before I get married with a high density lipoprotein level 50 mg / dL ! ’ says the 5′ bride . ”
* People Magazine ’s Bride - to - Be Wear Your Helmet Every Time You Ride Your Bike Challenge : “ Now she has a big reason to change her habits :
When she exchanges vows with Head , 25 , in October , ‘ I want my helmet , ’ she says , ‘ to be very fitted . ' ”
* People Magazine ’s Bride - to - Be Regular Pap Smear Challenge : “ When her high school sweetheart proposed in 2008 , she was ecstatic — until she saw her irregular pap smear results .
‘ I was like ‘ Put them away ! ’ she says . ”
* People Magazine ’s Bride - to - Be CPR Training Challenge : “ Ever since she got engaged last October , one thought has consistently run through her head :
Oh my gosh — I never learned CPR ! ”
* People Magazine ’s Bride - to - Be Social Anxiety Disorder Management Challenge : “ I want to enjoy taking pictures — not running from the camera ! ' ”
* People Magazine ’s Groom - to - be Weight Loss Challenge : Haha .
JUST KIDDING .
Not to be outdone by the guy who built an Imperial Walker bunk bed for his son , one of our readers built a triple bunk bed Imperial Walker .
Crazy ?
Yes .
Awesome ?
Oh yes !
Gizmodo reader Jonathan explains that he came up with the idea for this awesome bed because of some space restrictions in a new home :
I built the triple bunk bed for my mother 's new home to be used by my son , and nephews .
My mother moved into a small home without much of a yard and was looking for a creative way to entertain the grandchildren while at the same time solving the problem of limited sleeping space and limited square footage .
The beds could , however , take advantage of her 10 foot ceilings .
I 've always been a big Star Wars fan and was looking for a subject that made sense for this design .
A Walker already had four legs and it seemed an obvious choice to base my design on .
I wanted it to look as real as possible .
In order to accomplish movement , I made the bunk beds appear to be walking .
I also made several additions to the beds , for example a complete Hoth lego display case on the second level as well as additional areas for the kids to play and climb .
When I started the project I had to solve the problem of skewing the scale of the model to suit the needs of three beds and also had to figure out a way to make the entire design modular in concept .
I never intended it to be quite so detailed but this aspect took on a life of its own as I began to build it .
I live in a town home in Carmel Indiana and have always had a modest wood shop .
It 's composed of compound sliding saw , a few sanders , a drill press , router , cnc router , and a few saws and sanders from
Festool .
I worked on the project two days a week from the end of September 2009 until its completion in February 2010 .
I would guess I had somewhere between 300-400 hours by the time the sanding and
painting was complete .
It received quite a bit of attention from friends and neighbors during the end of its time in my garage .
After its completion it was taken apart and transported to my mother 's house in Ohio and it took approximately two men two hours to first take it apart and then an additional two hours to put it back together .
WHO amongst us has n’t had that irreverent daydream , whilst chewing on an office biro and staring out the window , of quitting their job to open your own café .
You ’d spend your days chatting with locals , baking brownies and lazing in one of the many mismatching vintage sofas dotting your sun-filled yet cosy space .
Of course , in the dream , there would n’t be the years of planning , the huge financial investment and the stress of running a business with nothing more than year 11 business studies behind you .
No , you ’d just wake up one day and the café would be there , fitted out , run with military precision by a put - upon but passionate manager .
The only decision you ’d have to make , besides which organic bakery to source your sourdough from , is choosing a café name .
One which says , come on in — we are your welcome haven of relaxed sophistication , where the banana bread is always moist , the coffee never burnt and every newspaper from across the globe is available for your perusal .
A good name can define a café — it ’s like a literary clue as to the experience the visitor is about to enjoy .
And Tina , We Salute
You does just that .
It delivers exactly as the name promises .
The Craic
Who is Tina ?
Why are we saluting her ?
Well , if Tina is the owner of this café , Coffee Cult is willing to stand to attention over the causal , laid - back , irreverent feel of this neighborly corner café in the backstreets of otherwise offensively hip Dalston .
As a local it ’s nice to feel there are still some establishments where drinks are n’t served in jam - jars and you do n’t need to adhere to the double denim and flatcap dress code to get through the front door .
With small tables dotting the footpath in the morning sun , and a single large room filled with an oversized soft leather couch and one communal table , Tina ’s has that lounge room feel to it .
A place you could come for hours , or minutes , and no one would judge you either way .
The Crucials
What is it about some cafes that manage to put us to culinary shame just by taking a loose assortment of ingredients , and putting it on bread .
Despite the simplicity , they somehow serve up a version of what you can conceivably make yourself — only 10 times tastier .
Tina ’s seems to have this downpat — with a menu heavy with things on toast — baked beans , poached eggs , sardines , or cinnamon , but additional touches which turn it from things on toast , into a meal .
The avocado on toast is served on thick slices of delicious sourdough , with chilliflakes and a tangy squeeze of lime .
Fresh , simple , perfect .
The Connection
It ’s around the corner from where Coffee Cult lives , and we ’re Australian .
Ok , not good enough .
Well , the barista is definitely Australian .
And an artist recently featured on Tina ’s walls was Australian .
And Tina sounds like it is a name popular in 1970s Australia .
And … no , that ’s sufficient .
The Conclusion
The kind of café you would open for yourself , if you wanted to eat well , drink good coffee , and soak up the footpath sun for hours on end with your neighbourhood friends .
Tina , Coffee Cult salutes you .
Tina , We Salute You
47 King Henry ’s Walk
London N1 4NH
By Alex Ivett
Image caption Many workers have protested against Portuguese austerity measures
International ratings agency Moody's has downgraded Portugal 's sovereign debt rating , citing worsening public finances and weak growth prospects .
It cut the rating by two notches from the maximum AA2 to A1 .
And it said it Portugal might need further austerity measures , as well as those already announced .
The euro fell against the dollar and sterling but market reaction was muted .
Rival agency Standard & Poor 's already rates Portugal two grades lower at A - .
The downgrade means that the rating agency is losing confidence in the Portuguese government 's ability to meet its financial obligations .
Tax rises
A sovereign debt downgrade tends to make it more expensive for a government to raise money on the international markets .
However , the bonds are still some way from the " junk " status suffered by Greece .
The eurozone crisis has caught many people on the hop , but there are those who would say it 's been waiting to happen since the euro began Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor Read Stephanie 's blog
The latest available figures show Portugal 's total government debt stood at roughly 77 % of GDP at the end of 2009 .
This is quite similar to the numbers in countries such as France and Germany , two of Europe 's economic powerhouses .
However , Portugal 's economy is significantly smaller in absolute terms and is not expected to revive any time soon .
The European Union has been anxious to see more fragile European economies - including Portugal - impose tougher austerity measures .
The Socialist government of Jose Socrates has announced a range of measures aimed at cutting the deficit to 7.3 % this year and 4.6 % in 2011 .
Top earners in the public sector , including politicians , will see a 5 % pay cut .
VAT will rise by 1 % and there will be income tax rises for those earning more than 150,000 euros .
By 2013 , they will face a 45 % tax rate .
By 2013 , military spending will have been cut by 40 % .
The government is also delaying the launch of two high - speed rail links - the Lisbon - Porto and Porto - Vigo routes .
If you are a web designer , you will agree that to keep the interst of the visitors , design of the website must be clear and intuitive .
And , of course , the key to clear design is a clear navigation , so it ’s important to make it both attractive and easy to use .
Today we are presenting you some of the most hunky - dory jQuery - based navigation menus .
If you come across more interesting stuff do share the links with us .
j Query Navigation Menu Tutorials
Create a Slick Tabbed Content Area using CSS & jQuery — Demo | Details
Tabbed content is a great way to handle this issue and has been widely used on blogs recently .
In this tutorial , author will show is how to build a simple little tabbed information box in HTML , then make it function using some simple Javascript , and then finally achieving the same thing using the jQuery library .
How to Make a Smooth Animated Menu with jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
The author builds a menu and animates it with some smooth effects .
CSS Sprites2 – It ’s JavaScript Time — Demo | Details
In this tutorial , author will show you how to create a navigation menu using jQuery to compete with flash based navigation .
j Query Random Link Color Animations — Demo | Details
In this tutorial author will show how to create menu using random colors to add a bit more dynamism and flair as jQuery allows you to not only animate to a specified color , but also allows you to animate to a random color .
Animated Drop Down Menu with jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will show you how to use jQuery for making Drop down menus are a really convient way to fit a large menu into a really small initial space .
Create an apple style menu and improve it via jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , Author will show you how to create the Apple - flavored Leopard - text - indent style in Photoshop , then create the needed HTML and CSS and last but not least improve it via jQuery .
How to Create a Drop - down Nav Menu with HTML5 , CSS3 and jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will show us what we can achieve with HTML5 and CSS3 when it comes to the staple of current web sites : the humble drop - down navigation menu .
Author will also use jQuery to handle the effects and add the finishing touches for us .
How to Build a Lava - Lamp Style Navigation Menu — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will tell us on how to build a lava - lamp style menu using a JavaScript library .
How To Create A ‘ Mootools Homepage ’ Inspired Navigation Effect Using jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will tell us how To Create A ‘ Mootools Homepage ’ Inspired Navigation Effect Using jQuery .
Making Accordion Menu Using jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will show us how to create fancy accordion menu using jQuery .
In this post , you ’ll see two examples of accordion .
First menu ’s visibility get ’s toggled on clicking on the header while the another menu ’s visibility get ’s toogled when mouse is moved over it .
j Query idTabs — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorials author will show you how to use idtabs .
idTabs is simple and easy to use .
Create a multilevel Dropdown menu with CSS and improve it via jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial author will show you how to make a multilevel dropdown menu with a sleek touch
Using jQuery for Background Image Animations — Demo | Details
In this tutorial author will show you how to create background image imagination with the help of jQuery .
Superfish – “ menu jQuery plugin ”
Superfish is an enhanced Suckerfish - style menu jQuery plugin that takes an existing pure CSS drop - down menu ( so it degrades gracefully without JavaScript )
Demo | Details | Download —
Drop down menu with jQuery — Demo | Details
Here ’s a drop down animated menu example made with jQuery .
Creating a Floating HTML Menu Using jQuery and CSS — Demo | Details | Download
Author will show us how to make floating menus that move as you scroll a page .
This is done using HTML , CSS and jQuery , and it ’s fully W3C - compliant .
j Query & CSS Example – Dropdown Menu — Demo | Details
Dropdown menus and menu bars have been heavily used since the early days of graphical user interfaces .
Their use has become ubiquitous , and even expected , in desktop applications , and the web has quickly followed suit .
This article is intended to describe an extremely basic , yet extremely powerful , technique for adding dropdown menus in your application user interface or website design .
Designing the Digg Header : How To & Download — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will show you how to create a navigation menu just like the one used in Digg .
j Query Tabbed Navigation — Demo | Details
In this tutorial , author will tell us how to create jQuery tabbed navigation .
Color Fading Menu with jQuery — Demo | Details | Download
In this tutorial , author will show you how to create a color fading efect with the help of jQuery .
Podcast 10 years ago by Bryne Yancey
Today , we 're especially excited to unveil the first episode of the official Punknews.org podcast .
From here on out , a rotating cast of Punknews staff members will convene every week to talk about some of the more prudent stories we 've posted on the ' Org recently , as well as premiere some new music that we feel you should know about .
This week , I was joined by news editor Adam White and interviews editor Rich Verducci for a roundtable discussion regarding notable stories such as Weezer going indie , Fugazi 's work on a digital live archive , MySpace and Spin 's best of 2010 so far lists , the planned Bomb The Music Industry !
documentary and the news that Sublime with Rome are planning new music .
Along with copy editor Jesse Raub , we each selected a song to play on the show and those include brand new tracks from My Heart to Joy and Austin Lucas that are likely never - before - heard by most folks , as well as music from Comadre and Coliseum .
It should be noted that with this being the first episode , the format for future shows is likely to change .
You 'll have to excuse any bumps in the road , as we 're still sort of learning how to do this .
Anyway , you can click Read More to stream and / or download the show , or subscribe via RSS ( we 're awaiting approval in the iTunes store ) .
Of course , we 'd love to hear your feedback in the comments section or via e-mail .
a -hit for M Pelfrey in the 6th
b - grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher for C Carter in the 6th
c -walked for P Feliciano in the 9th
d - flied out to center for B Parnell in the 11th
Enjoy your nice warm spot in hell you racist , evil piece of garbage .
Tuesday was a good day for private broadcasters and a bad day for those who regulate them .
Earlier today , the Second Circuit earlier Tuesday struck down the FCC 's indecency policy , finding it " unconstitutionally vague . "
The ruling represents a big win for broadcasters such as Fox Television , NBC Universal and other broadcasters who have complained that an FCC crackdown on so - called fleeting obscenities was unfair and violated their First Amendment rights .
Click here for the WSJ story ; here for an NYT story ; here for the WaPo story ; here for the opinion , issued by Judges Pierre Leval , Rosemary Pooler and Peter Hall ( Judge Pooler wrote the decision ) .
( N.b. , the Second Circuit 's legal discussion is laced with more profanity than a Chris Rock show .
Consider yourselves forewarned . )
Check out Amy Schatz 's piece in the Journal for the full background on the case .
Essentially , Fox and other networks had challenged the FCC 's findings that some stations had violated indecency rules when airing un - bleeped expletives on several awards shows and other programs .
The case has already been to the Supreme Court , which found in April 2009 that the FCC had followed proper administrative procedures in instituting the policy .
However , the court did not rule on the policy 's constitutionality and remanded the case to the Second Circuit for findings on that .
On Tuesday , the Second Circuit , in a provocative opinion , shot down the FCC policy on vagueness grounds .
The court focused chiefly on how little guidance the policy gives to broadcasters on which specific words are permissible , and which are n't .
In one of the more profanity - laced court - authored paragraphs we 've ever seen , the court wrote :
We agree with the Networks that the indecency policy is impermissibly vague .
The first problem arises in the FCC 's determination as to which words or expressions are patently offensive .
For instance , while the FCC concluded that " bull - --- t " in a " NYPD Blue " episode was patently offensive , it concluded that " d - - k " and " d -- khead " were not .
. . .
The Commission argues that its three - factor " patently offensive " test gives broadcasters fair notice of what it will find indecent .
However , in each of these cases , the Commission 's reasoning consisted of repetition of one or more of the factors without any discussion of how it applied them .
The big question now : Will the FCC appeal the ruling ?
The FCC has n't issued a statement on the ruling or said whether it will appeal .
As most of us get ready for the summer holidays , Steven Moffat is coming over all Christmassy .
Fresh from a read - through of a Doctor Who festive special , the writer reveals that the Welsh singer Katherine Jenkins is to make her first major acting appearance in it , alongside the theatrical grandee Sir Michael Gambon .
It is , says Moffat , " the most Christmassy Christmas special " of the hit science fiction drama series since its return to our screens five years ago .
After his first season as the drama 's showrunner , Moffat will also be hoping that it emulates the success of the 2009 Christmas special , which featured John Simm and Catherine Tate .
Episode one of that two - part story had an audience of 10 million , making it the third most popular show of the festive season .
In 2007 , 12.2 million viewers watched Kylie Minogue guest star as a waitress on the Titanic .
Moffat 's critically acclaimed first run with the new Doctor – played by Matt Smith – attracted 5.1 million viewers for its series finale , down from 9.4 million overnights for the last comparable show in July 2008 .
This decline has led some to wonder whether the Doctor Who juggernaut is beginning to run out of steam .
Teething troubles
Headlines such as " Sexed - up Doctor no cure for TV ratings as 1.2 m desert Timelord " and " New Doctor Matt Smith is turn - off for Tennant fans " , followed reports of unconsolidated figures averaging 6 million viewers for the current series , compared with an average of 7.2 million during the last series in 2008 , which starred David Tennant .
Although the sci - fi series is still hugely popular with Whovians , some industry insiders have reported teething troubles for the new team .
There are suggestions that the show has suffered from budget cuts – were the Daleks really redesigned for commercial reasons ?
While some critics have stirred up outrage over what they considered to be scanty outfits worn by the Doctor 's assistant , Amy Pond , others have fretted about the long hours endured by the cast and crew .
Call it the typical British disease of knocking down success , but can a show such as this stay at the top of its game for another five years ?
Moffat is adamant that it can , adding that his series finale drew 6.7 million viewers and a near 37 % audience share when Sky + and other recordings were factored in .
The BBC maintains that the season 's consolidated average was in excess of 7 million .
What is more , the latest finale was forced to compete with Wimbledon and the World Cup , making the viewing figures " extraordinary " .
" The BBC are massively happy with it , " says Moffat .
However , there has been some public criticism .
Terry Pratchett told SFX magazine that he now regards the show as " ludicrous " ; and , giving Bafta 's annual television lecture last month , Stephen Fry cited Doctor Who as an example of British TV's " infantilism " .
It was " not for adults " , he said , comparing it to a chicken nugget : " Every now and again we all like it . "
Moffat insists
Fry is a huge fan of the show , adding : " The attempt to create an argument between myself and Stephen Fry is laughable . "
When it comes to Pond , played by Karen Gillan , he points out that one report suggested there were only 34 complaints about her first appearance in a stripper outfit .
" If people who had never seen Doctor Who read the reports they would have got quite excited , but it 's not an episode you would have taken to a stag party .
The assistants have always been quite sexy from the start and Amy just wears what young women nowadays are wearing , " he says .
Following in the footsteps
Moffat admits that he can barely bring himself to think about the " extraordinary " and " vicious " work schedule .
He has only had three days off in the past year ( and one of those days was Christmas Day ) .
It was also a hard task , he says , introducing a new Doctor and a companion at the same time , and following in the footsteps of someone " as fantastic as David Tennant " .
The BBC confirms that this series was subject to budgetary restrictions .
Yet sources suggest this was in line with an overall 20 % funding cut across BBC drama .
" We could do with a budget like Avatar 's for every episode , " says Moffat .
But he recognises that the show needs to evolve from the CGI - tastic earlier episodes .
Smith 's madcap Doctor in a bow tie is a long way from the leather - jacketed Christopher Eccleston 's Who in 2005 .
However , many fans agree that the Doctor has changed for the better .
" Christopher looked like a leading man from a gritty BBC drama because that was the context then – his clothes were sensible , " says Moffat .
Nick Griffiths , the author of two books on the series , including the memoir Dalek I Loved You , says he feels that Moffat 's era is " more understated and darker " and lacks the " wow factor " of Russell T Davies 's shows .
But he does remain a huge fan .
Adam Macqueen , a Private Eye journalist and a lifelong Whovian , says : " Moffat has been very good at disguising the budget cuts and thinking creatively – it can be a good thing not to be able to use too much CGI , particularly because Davies had got into a bit of a rut of throwing everything at these big , epic , climactic stories that actually felt a bit empty at their heart . "
Moffat says Doctor
Who is here to stay , comparing the character to homegrown heroes such as Robin Hood , King Arthur and James Bond .
" It may be that it might have to rest one day but I think it will outlive most of the people living in Britain at the moment . "
Taranis :
The £ 143 million unmanned stealth jet that will hit targets in another continent
Looming ominously like a space ship from Star Wars , this is the future of unmanned flight .
Defence firm BAE
Systems today officially unveiled its first ever high - tech unmanned stealth jet .
The Taranis , named after the Celtic god of thunder , is about the same size as a Hawk jet and is equipped with stealth equipment and an ' autonomous ' artificial intelligence system .
The plane will test the possibility of developing the first ever autonomous stealthy Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle ( UCAV ) that would ultimately be capable of precisely striking targets at long range , even in another continent .
[ caption ]
The trial aircraft cost £ 143 million pounds to construct and spearheads BAE 's drive to convince the Ministry of Defence to invest in the next generation of unmanned aircraft .
Almost invisible to ground radar , it is designed to travel at high jet speeds and cover massive distances between continents .
The plane is built to carry out intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance on enemy territory using onboard sensors .
And it has been designed to carry a cache of weapons - including bombs and missiles - , giving it a potential long - range strike capability .
It can be controlled from anywhere in the world with satellite communications .
Experts say the cutting - edge design is at the forefront of world technology and as advanced as any US development .
The plane began development in December 2006 , and is intended to prove the UK 's ability to produce a stealthy UAV .
Taranis will be stealthy , fast , able to carry out use a number of on - board weapons systems and be able to defend itself against manned and other unmanned enemy aircraft .
[ caption ]
Any future need hinges on the outcome of the Strategic Defence and Security Review , which will conclude around October .
Speaking at the unveiling ceremony at BAE Systems in Warton , Lancashire , Minister for International Security Strategy Gerald Howarth said : ' Taranis is a truly trailblazing project .
' The first of its kind in the UK , it reflects the best of our nation ’s advanced design and technology skills and is a leading programme on the global stage . '
He added : ' Taranis shows the UK's advanced engineering , research , technology and innovation sector at its world - beating best . '
Taranis is an informal partnership of the UK MoD and industry British engineering firms including BAE Systems , Rolls Royce , QinetiQ and GE Aviation .
Rolls - Royce will focus on the next generation propulsion system for the Taranis demonstrator .
Speaking on behalf of the industry team , Nigel Whitehead , Group managing director of BAE Systems ' Programmes & Support business , said : ' Taranis has been three and a half years in the making and is the product of more than a million man-hours .
' It represents a significant step forward in this country 's fast - jet capability .
This technology is key to sustaining a strong industrial base and to maintain the UK's leading position as a centre for engineering excellence and innovation . "
The Taranis prototype will provide the MOD with knowledge on the technical and manufacturing challenges and the potential capabilities of Unmanned Combat Air Systems .
Marines from Camp Pendleton , soon to deploy to Afghanistan , have been doing ride - alongs with Los Angeles Police Department officers to learn how to deal with a civilian population that is sometimes suspicious and hostile .
Under the counter - insurgency strategy , the Marines will be assigned to protect the civilian population and to mentor the Afghan police in Helmand Province , a longtime Taliban stronghold .
" People are the center of gravity , and if you do everything you can to protect them , then they 'll protect you , " Marine Lt. Andrew Abbott told the Associated Press .
" That 's something true here [ in Los Angeles ] and pretty much everywhere . "
The Marines hope that in exchange for security the Afghans will provide intelligence about the Taliban in their midst .
But winning trust is difficult , whether in Marja or South - Central .
The AP reports that when Abbott was riding with Sgt. Arno Clair , the 16 - year veteran of the LAPD waved out the window to a fellow and called out , " What 's happenin , ' man ? "
The man " looked away in disgust . "
-- Tony Perry in San Diego
Photo : Staff Sgt. Brendan Flynn ( right ) and Staff Sgt. David Christensen listen to roll - call instructions at the LAPD Southwest Community station .
In front is LAPD Officer Michael Liebe .
Credit : Jae C.Hong / Associated Press
Transcript :
Alice :
Do I have to ?
Mom : Yes .
If you 're going outside , you have to wear snow pants .
These are hand - me - downs , so they - HMPH !
Alice : Mommy !
Mom : Hmmphmmmphmmh !
Alice :
You 're laughing !
Mom : No !
Mmphmm hmph !
Alice :
Are you getting the camera ?
Mom : I 'll be right back .
Hee hee hee !
Petey :
So who 's playing the horse 's front end ?
Alice :
There is no dignity in snow pants .
One of the best - known examples of the counterintuitive behavior seen in the quantum world is the double - slit experiment .
Take a piece of material that blocks light and cut two small slits in it ; hit the slits with a flood of photons , and they 'll interfere with each other as they exit the far side , creating a pattern of peaks and valleys corresponding to where the wavelengths of the photons interfered constructively and destructively .
Do the same thing , but send the photons at the slits one at a time , and you still see the same pattern .
In effect , the photon flows through both slits as a probability wave , and these probabilities interfere with each other .
Stranger still , the same behavior can be observed with particles .
In many circumstances , an electron will behave as a simple , easy - to - quantify particle .
But it will also act as a probability wave when confronted with a double slit .
It 's a great example , but it also raises a question that 's obvious only after you 've heard it asked : what happens if there 's more than two slits ?
Is there a limit to how many probabilities a single particle can adopt as it flows through the quantum realm ?
A paper that will be released by Science today provides a pretty clear answer : two , just as quantum mechanics have suspected .
That deceptively simple answer , however , has major implications for our attempts to combine quantum mechanics and gravity into a unified theory of everything .
And , in fact , the new paper explains this rather nicely in the first few sentences of the abstract :
Quantum mechanics and gravitation are two pillars of modern physics .
Despite their success in describing the physical world around us , they seem to be incompatible theories .
There are suggestions that one of these theories must be generalized to achieve unification .
Apparently , one of the options for generalizing quantum mechanics would be to allow violations of Born 's Rule , an axiom that dictates that quantum interference can only occur between pairs of probabilities .
Higher order interference could potentially allow a reformulation of quantum mechanics that is compatible with , or even incorporates , gravitation .
The authors helpfully point out that actually testing Born 's Rule could be rather helpful for theoreticians , given that , if it proves to be an actual rule , then the theoreticians would have one less option to worry about when it comes to describing the Universe .
So , the authors built a triple - slit system , set up so that they could open and close each of the slits .
One of the three ended up not opening fully , which actually created a small source of error in the experiments .
The fact that the photodetectors at the far end did n't have perfect performance added another source .
In the end , however , the authors calculated that the total errors in the system allowed it to be accurate down to one percent , a fairly rigorous test of Born 's Rule .
To get their photons , they used two different light sources : a laser with the power turned down so that it only emitted one photon at a time , and a source of quantum light called heralded single photons .
With everything in place , they started firing photons off one at a time , until 30 million of them had hit the detector .
By closing off different slits before starting a measurement , they were able to measure the interference probabilities of each of the potential combinations , and then compare them to the pattern seen when all three slits were open .
As Born 's Rule predicts , the three - slit interference pattern was a complex mixture of the pairwise interference of different slits , but no higher - order interference was present that involved all three slits .
Quantum mechanics remains secure , at least to the one percent error of the experimental setup .
With better hardware or alternate experimental setups , the authors suggest , we could narrow that down even further .
That may be bad news for the theoreticians , but it 's good news for quantum mechanics , given that the authors ominously suggest that , should Born 's Rule be violated , " then Schrödinger ’s equation would likely have to be modified as well . "
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1190545 ( About DOIs ) .
​ Governments the world over try the same tired old tricks whenever they want to reduce or eliminate those ever - so - troublesome individual liberties .
Yelling “ Drugs ! ” unfortunately remains one of the most popular .
Russia ’s Drug Czar is doing some tough talk these days , possibly preparing the populace for some brutal , Soviet - style repression in the name of “ cracking down on drugs . ”
The Moscow Times .
Russia should criminalize drug use , confiscate land used for cannabis cultivation and seal off the Central Asian border to “ fight drug trafficking , ” according to Viktor Ivanov , head of the Federal Drug Control Service , reports Alexandra Odynova at
Got that ?
Well you ’re not gonna believe this .
Ivanov , speaking to the State Duma ( Russia ’s legislative body ) , also welcomed wide - eyed deputies to a deeply bizarre “ cautionary exhibit ” of wax figures of “ prominent drug users ” like Nirvana ’s Kurt Cobain and John Lennon ’s murderer , Mark David Chapman .
​ Wonder if they also had time to construct “ cautionary ” wax figures of some other “ prominent drug users ” — like , oh , for example , President Barack Obama or Walt Disney or Steve Jobs or Carl Sagan or … yeah , you ’re right .
Probably not .
Ivanov was n’t shy in dispensing informative little pseudo - facts .
“ Today , drugs are a more widespread crime than theft , ” Ivanov helpfully told the Duma .
But that was n’t even his best material .
“ A drug user can recruit up to 15 people during his or her lifetime , ” Ivanov said .
Only 15 or 20 ?
Shit , I can recruit 15 or 20 people before lunch !
Ivanov admitted that he supports an idea offered by a deputy to reintroduce the Soviet - era practice of criminalizing drug use .
But do n’t worry ; this is going to be a kinder , gentler crackdown , apparently ; Ivanov added that users should “ have the option ” of undergoing treatment instead of serving jail time .
( As if it ’s really just an “ option ” when the alternative is jail ! )
A lot of abandoned land in Russia is used to cultivate cannabis , according to Ivanov .
He called for land owners — who often say they are unaware of marijuana growing operations — to be held legally liable when plants are found .
Ivanov also supported a suggestion by helpful deputies to employ students to “ destroy cannabis fields . ”
I ’m sure they wo n’t have any trouble finding enthusiastic volunteers for that civic duty !
Hell , I ’ll bet I ’ve personally burned a couple of acres just this year .
Ivanov claimed the current law suits drug traffickers , who can freely cross Central Asian borders as long as they hold Russian passports , easily obtainable by former Soviet citizens from the outlying republics under international agreements signed in the 1990s .
“ More than 50 percent of the prominent foreign drug traffickers arrested in Russia had Russian passports , which serves as a perfect pass inside the country , ” Ivanov claimed .
The Federal Drug Control Service estimates the number of “ drug users ” in Russia at 2.5 million , with 30,000 dying each year of “ drug - related causes . ”
I refuse to be told , “ I have a meek and mild savior for you , and if you do n’t accept him you will be tortured forever ” .
Anyone who believes this is a wicked and delusional idiot .
I will not be talked to in that tone .
That is the language of totalitarianism and dictatorship , and it ’s a very great relief to know that it ’s completely mythical .
I think this is a very concise and powerful way of encapsulating the entire Christian proposition .
It is , however , on the offensive side of my current personal rhetoric scale , so I ’m not likely to employ it very often .
But in the cases where I might , I intend to commit this to memory . ::
An Australian National University - led team has developed the most efficient quantum memory for light in the world , taking us closer to a future of super - fast computers and communication secured by the laws of physics .
The team at the ANU Research School of Physics and Engineering used a technique they pioneered to stop and control light from a laser , manipulating electrons in a crystal cooled to a chilly - 270 degrees Celcius .
The unprecedented efficiency and accuracy of the system allows the delicate quantum nature of the light to be stored , manipulated , and recalled .
" Light entering the crystal is slowed all the way to a stop , where it remains until we let it go again , " explains lead researcher Morgan Hedges .
" When we do let it go , we get out essentially everything that went in as a three - dimensional hologram , accurate right down to the last photon .
" Because of the inherent uncertainty in quantum mechanics , some of the information in this light will be lost the moment it is measured , making it a read - once hologram .
Quantum mechanics guarantees this information can only be read once , making it perfect for secure communication . "
The same efficient and accurate qualities make the memory a leading prospect for quantum computing , which has the potential to be many times faster and more powerful than contemporary computing .
In addition , the researchers say the light storage will allow tests of fundamental physics , such as how the bizarre phenomenon of quantum entanglement interacts with of the theory of relativity .
" We could entangle the quantum state of two memories , that is , two crystals , " says team leader Dr Matthew Sellars .
" According to quantum mechanics , reading out one memory will instantly alter what is stored in the other , no matter how large the distance between them .
According to relativity , the way time passes for one memory is affected by how it moves .
With a good quantum memory , an experiment to measure how these fundamental effects interact could be as simple as putting one crystal in the back of my car and going for a drive . "
Dr Sellars ' team has previously performed an experiment that ' stopped ' light in a crystal for over a second , more than 1,000 times longer than was previously possible .
He said that the team is now bringing together systems that combine the high efficiency with storage times of hours .
The research team includes Dr Jevon Longdell from the University of Otago and Dr Yongmin Li from Shanxi University .
The findings are published in Nature .
My first contribution to Continue is this updated version of an article I wrote back in 2008 .
You can look forward to more features and reviews of shmups from me in the future – among other things !
I think it ’s fair to say that 2D scrolling shoot ’em ups , or “ shmups ” , do n’t sell nearly as well as they used to .
Back in the days when arcades were the ultimate hang - out spot and the Super Nintendo ’s Mode7 effects were impressive , it seemed like every game was either a platformer or a shmup .
Nowadays , mainstream reviewers and gamers alike seem thoroughly disinterested in the genre .
What the heck happened ?
Let ’s take a quick look at Metacritic scores here , shall we ?
What follows is just about every american - released shmup that has an average score listed on Metacritic .
I ’ve selected review excerpts from most of them that really annoyed me , not because they just criticized the game , but because they displayed ignorance of shmups as a genre .
I in fact left out any negative review excerpts that criticized the game and made a fair point about it – even shmups are n’t perfect all the time .
I also obviously left out positive review excerpts , of which there were several for each game .
Keep that in mind as you read on .
Raiden III ( 2007 ) – Metascore 61
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ A purebred ’ 80s throwback , Raiden III has n’t a chance of competing with exciting modern shooters – or even the classics of yesteryear . ”
( The original Raiden came out in in 1990 , not the ’ 80s )
“ The game is too short , and does n’t sport enough play options to keep it fresh past a few hours of play . “
“ The game does n’t take long enough to beat , there ’s no real reason to play it again , and there is n’t anything even remotely special about the experience . ”
Gradius III and IV ( 2000 ) – Metascore 64
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ Only enjoyable if you equate fun with frustration , but most gamers have long since outgrown that philosophy , as have most games .
Yet Gradius III and IV clings to its roots like a long rotting tooth . ”
“ Two arcade perfect ports of games that will get stale within a short few minutes .
Back then , way back then , this may have been revolutionary but on the PS2 it ’s almost like an insult to the grown intelligence of gamers . ”
“ Old - school graphics and unprecedented difficulty level make this one a loser for all but the most dedicated retro- game freaks . ”
( Those of us who enjoy difficult 2D games are “ freaks ” , apparently )
Chaos Field ( 2004 , 2005 ) – Metascore 61 , 63 ( DC , GC respectively )
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ It ’s like fighting a fireworks display .
Sometimes the enemy blows up .
Sometimes you do .
There ’s no strategy ; no hook that makes you think about how you ’ll do better next time . ”
( Obviously the reviewer does n’t understand the deep scoring system , nor the hitboxes or attack patterns , which demand loads of strategy )
Triggerheart Exelica ( 2008 ) – Metascore 63
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ Despite the enjoyment of slinging bad guys around like giant wrecking balls , Triggerheart ’s indecisive difficulty , average looks and short length render it a bad choice for any but the most devoted shooter fans . ”
“ Like most arcade shooters , the experience is brief .
The challenge is there for those who would like to memorize attack patterns and master the five levels , but there is n’t anything that feels exciting . ”
“ I enjoyed Triggerheart , but the game ’s length is both a good and bad thing — it has only five levels , and most players will be able to beat them all in about 30 minutes . ”
( Short length is clearly a common complaint about the genre ; read on for more on that )
Castle Shikigami 3 ( 2008 ) – Metascore 67
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ If this were a downloadable title on WiiWare , Xbox Live Arcade , or PlayStation Network , it ’s a safe bet that we’d be telling you to go fire up your console and start it downloading right now . ”
( Why does the reviewer believe the game is not really worth more than $ 10 ? )
“ Castle of Shikigami III is a great title for people who enjoy the occasional classic , arcade - style game .
However , it has a decided lack of content and does n’t offer much beyond the initial experience . ”
“ The mere fact that it fills a niche on the Wii does n’t excuse this disappointing lack of substance . ”
Gradius Collection ( 2006 ) – Metascore 76
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ Twenty years ago , it would have been worth forty bucks .
But today , it ’s just another obsolete space ship , grounded in favor of better , faster rockets . ”
( Nevermind the fact that the Gradius games have always been among the best horizontal shmups in existence )
“ If you love slow , old - fashioned gameplay , you ’ll be in heaven here . ”
( Gradius games have been called many things , but “ slow ” is not even remotely a fair description )
“ The Gradius Collection will mainly appeal to fans who want to relive those old school memories ; I ca n’t see many new gamers being hooked on Gradius , even though it ’s a fun experience . ”
Gradius V ( 2004 ) – Metascore 82
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ Even though its more visually polished than some of the other shooters out there , the lack of innovation and the small number of seven stages makes Gradius V a must for fans of the series only . ”
“ It ’s just too bad that there is n’t much to it beyond the standard gameplay . ”
“ About the only things that keep the game from scoring higher is the lack of any meaningful innovation in the gameplay and the fact that the game only has seven stages to play . ”
( These all cite the lack of innovation , despite Gradius V being by far the most unique and innovative Gradius game with controllable options )
Ikaruga : ( 2002 , 2003 , 2008 ) – Metascore 81 , 85 , 88 ( DC , GC , 360 respectively )
- Review excerpts that piss me off :
“ As fun as it starts out to be , it gets old rather quickly .
Fortunately or unfortunately , the game is extremely short , and on its easiest mode can be completed in about an hour . ”
“ A perfect example of why shooters have become such a niche genre .
It ’s a good game that ’s well made .
It ’s even got an interesting hook to keep the hard core happy .
But the insane difficulty will keep most players from getting past the first level before giving up .
And with the ultra - short playing time , even shooter fans might not find enough to like here . ”
( Even the generally favored Ikaruga received complaints about the length )
Summary of Criticisms :
Shmups are too short
Most shmups are between 5 and 7 stages in length ( not counting loops ) which usually equates to about 30 - 45 minutes of gameplay time to beat it in a single run .
Criticizing shmups for this trait , however , shows a real ignorance about the genre and about arcade games in general .
Sure , if you take a shmup and just play through it , continuing every time you get a game over , until you hit the end , you might think “ wow , that was fast . ”
But that ’s not how they are meant to be played .
For arcade games , and shmups specifically , the aim is for high scores .
To achieve the highest theoretical score , you will need to beat the entire game without using any continues because continuing resets your score each time .
To truly “ beat ” a shmup , you need to beat it without continuing .
This is called a 1CC , or “ 1 - credit - clear . ”
Accomplishing this requires considerable skill and often memorization , but above all PRACTICE .
While it ’s true that you can continue through a shmup in 30 minutes , doing so requires no skill .
To actually beat it properly by 1CCing it will take you considerable more time – often 20 - 30 hours of total play time , depending on your skill level .
To put it into perspective , I played Ikaruga on the easiest possible settings for over 25 hours before 1CCing it .
I do n’t even consider that 1 CC to be legitimate because it was not done at default settings .
I played those 5 levels over and over and over until I could survive for longer and longer , and rack up longer chains to get a better score .
When I finally reached the end of the game , the sense of accomplishment and self - improvement was indescribable , and it is a feeling not often achieved when reaching the end of a longer and easier modern game .
Shmups are too difficult to be enjoyable
I ca n’t deny shmups are some of the most difficult games in existence .
Some people do n’t enjoy challenging themselves and improving their skills .
These games are not for those people .
Those people should not be reviewing shmups if they ’re not willing to persevere and learn the games properly .
If a game journalist wrote a review about a game in a genre he did n’t like , and did n’t even complete the game , he ’d never be taken seriously .
Yet this is exactly what happens every time a shmup is released .
Shmups are all the same
Another complaint that originates from ignorance of the genre .
It would be quite easy to look at any real - time strategy ( RTS ) game and say “ look , it ’s just like all the others , you simply order groups of units around and build buildings ” ; or , one might look at any first - person - shooter ( FPS ) and claim “ You just point and shoot at things in all of these games , there are only minor differences between any of them . ”
Those of us familiar with a genre understand the significance of these differences between games , and the shmup genre is no different .
The average gamer will look at Dodonpachi and think it is the same as 1942 : a vertically scrolling 2D shoot - em - up .
Of course , there are significant differences : Dodonpachi features markedly different level design , a much more manic approach with a lot of bullets , a screen - clearing bomb attack , the option of slower movement around the screen and concentrated firepower by holding down the shot button , and a strict enemy chaining system for scoring .
That ’s why this complaint is baseless when leveled against shmups .
The games are somewhat similar because they are part of a genre !
Shmups are only worth buying as $ 10 downloads
This common complaint draws from all of the ones explained above .
Gamers do n’t think a 30 minute shmup has as much value as a 30 hour RPG .
Of course , properly beating a shmup can easily take 30 hours of practice to achieve .
Many gamers also believe that a 30 minute 2D shmup must not be all that hard or expensive to develop , so it should n’t cost as much money as a 3D game with bloom effects and soft shadows .
This idea is both true and false .
It is cheap and relatively easy for just about anybody to create a shmup .
Xbox Live Indie Games are chock full of them , for example .
What many gamers do n’t understand is how difficult it is to create a good shmup .
The difference between your average $ 1 indie shmup and a $ 50 Cave game like Death Smiles – recently released in the U.S. on the Xbox 360 – is monumental .
There is a massive amount of design work and testing on the levels , the scoring system and the bullet patterns which take years to perfect .
The artwork for a good 2D game is also very difficult and time - consuming .
Just as there are cheap $ 10 platforming games you can download on every console , people will gladly shell out $ 50 for New Super Mario Brothers
Wii because they know the difference in quality means a difference in value .
And that ’s why some people dislike shmups .
But just why do some people love them so much ?
I think Winston Churchill has an answer to that question :
“ There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result . ”
Raiden III : 61
- Review excerpts that piss me off : “ A purebred ’ 80s throwback , Raiden III has n’t a chance of competing with exciting modern shooters – or even the classics of yesteryear .
” ” The game is too short , and does n’t sport enough play options to keep it fresh past a few hours of play .
“ ” The game does n’t take long enough to beat , there ’s no real reason to play it again , and there is n’t anything even remotely special about the experience . ”
Gradius III and IV : 64
- Review excerpts that piss me off : “ Only enjoyable if you equate fun with frustration , but most gamers have long since outgrown that philosophy , as have most games .
Yet Gradius III and IV clings to its roots like a long rotting tooth .
” ” Two arcade perfect ports of games that will get stale within a short few minutes .
Back then , way back then , this may have been revolutionary but on the PS2 it ’s almost like an insult to the grown intelligence of gamers . ” ” Meritless in terms of taking their genre forward or , worse even , invoking the warm glow of nostalgia .
Spend £ 15 on a NES and the original games instead . ”
( I ’d like to point out that neither of these two games were on the NES .
Or on any home console until this collection on the PS2 , in fact .
And Gradius on the NES was a joke compared to the two masterpieces of Gradius III and IV ) : 61 “ A purebred ’ 80s throwback , Raiden III has n’t a chance of competing with exciting modern shooters – or even the classics of yesteryear .
” ” The game is too short , and does n’t sport enough play options to keep it fresh past a few hours of play .
“ ” The game does n’t take long enough to beat , there ’s no real reason to play it again , and there is n’t anything even remotely special about the experience . ” : 64 “ Only enjoyable if you equate fun with frustration , but most gamers have long since outgrown that philosophy , as have most games .
Yet Gradius III and IV clings to its roots like a long rotting tooth .
” ” Two arcade perfect ports of games that will get stale within a short few minutes .
Back then , way back then , this may have been revolutionary but on the PS2 it ’s almost like an insult to the grown intelligence of gamers . ” ” Meritless in terms of taking their genre forward or , worse even , invoking the warm glow of nostalgia .
Spend £ 15 on a NES and the original games instead . ”
( I ’d like to point out that neither of these two games were on the NES .
Or on any home console until this collection on the PS2 , in fact .
And Gradius on the NES was a joke compared to the two masterpieces of Gradius III and IV ) “ Old - school graphics and unprecedented difficulty level make this one a loser for all but the most dedicated retro - game freaks .
” Chaos Field : 61 , 63 ( DC , GC respectively )
- Review excerpts that piss me off : “ It ’s like fighting a fireworks display .
Sometimes the enemy blows up .
Sometimes you do .
There ’s no strategy ; no hook that makes you think about how you ’ll do better next time . ”
Triggerheart Exelica : 63
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ Despite the enjoyment of slinging bad guys around like giant wrecking balls , Triggerheart ’s indecisive difficulty , average looks and short length render it a bad choice for any but the most devoted shooter fans . ”
“ Like most arcade shooters , the experience is brief .
The challenge is there for those who would like to memorize attack patterns and master the five levels , but there is n’t anything that feels exciting . ”
“ I enjoyed Triggerheart , but the game ’s length is both a good and bad thing — it has only five levels , and most players will be able to beat them all in about 30 minutes . ”
Castle Shikigami 2 : 67 Castle Shikigami 3 : 67
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ If this were a downloadable title on WiiWare , Xbox Live Arcade , or PlayStation Network , it ’s a safe bet that we’d be telling you to go fire up your console and start it downloading right now . ”
“ Castle of Shikigami III is a great title for people who enjoy the occasional classic , arcade - style game .
However , it has a decided lack of content and does n’t offer much beyond the initial experience . ”
“ The mere fact that it fills a niche on the Wii does n’t excuse this disappointing lack of substance .
” Under Defeat : 67
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ Inarguably , what Under Defeat does , it does very well .
The execution is perfectly pitched and it clearly ticks each and every box the developers drew up on the ideas table .
But it ’s hard to shake the feeling that this is ’ 80s gaming dressed in ’00s visuals running on ’90s hardware .
The gameplay is sweet and eloquent but , underneath it also tired and relentlessly derivative . ”
Thunder Force V : 70 Gradius Collection : 76
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ Twenty years ago , it would have been worth forty bucks .
But today , it ’s just another obsolete space ship , grounded in favor of better , faster rockets . ”
“ If you love slow , old - fashioned gameplay , you ’ll be in heaven here .
” “ The Gradius Collection will mainly appeal to fans who want to relive those old school memories ; I ca n’t see many new gamers being hooked on Gradius , even though it ’s a fun experience . ”
R- Type Final : 79 Gradius V : 82
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ Even though its more visually polished than some of the other shooters out there , the lack of innovation and the small number of seven stages makes Gradius V a must for fans of the series only . ”
“ It ’s just too bad that there is n’t much to it beyond the standard gameplay . ” “ About the only things that keep the game from scoring higher is the lack of any meaningful innovation in the gameplay and the fact that the game only has seven stages to play . ”
Ikaruga : 81 , 85 , 88 ( DC , GC , 360 respectively )
- Review excerpts that pissed me off : “ As fun as it starts out to be , it gets old rather quickly .
Fortunately or unfortunately , the game is extremely short , and on its easiest mode can be completed in about an hour . ”
“ A perfect example of why shooters have become such a niche genre .
It ’s a good game that ’s well made .
It ’s even got an interesting hook to keep the hard core happy .
But the insane difficulty will keep most players from getting past the first level before giving up .
And with the ultra - short playing time , even shooter fans might not find enough to like here . ”
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Internationally , there have been similar improvements , said Steven Lott , a spokesman for the International Air Transport Association .
Since the 1960s , carbon monoxide , unburned hydrocarbons , smoke and nitrogen - oxide emissions have been substantially reduced , he said .
Standards for most of them are set by the International Civil Aviation Organization , a United Nations body .
“ It ’s a challenge for an industry that continues to grow , ” Mr. Lott said .
But the industry has invested in developing cleaner aircraft engines and ground - support equipment and vehicles as well as improvements in how equipment is operated .
Initiatives like its Green Teams , for example , allow industry consultants to visit airlines to identify and share ways to reduce fuel burn and emissions .
More than 105 airlines have participated , he said .
Still , some community groups are not persuaded that air quality at airports has improved .
“ It ’s way worse than people think , ” said Debi Wagner , a board member of Citizens Aviation Watch USA , who lives in Seattle .
Some emissions are not adequately sampled and measured , Ms. Wagner said , and other potentially dangerous ones are not monitored at all .
She said she was concerned particularly about the health of people living within three miles of commercial airports .
Two recent studies also raise questions about the quality of air at airports .
Both focus on small general aviation airports , like the one in Santa Monica , Calif. , which was studied in both reports .
“ The traditional pollutants did not seem to be a local issue , ” said Philip Fine , atmospheric measurements manager for the South Coast Air Quality Management District , an air quality regulatory agency for most of Southern California .
“ However , there were issues for ultrafine particles and lead . ”
Dr. Fine , who oversees a network of air - monitoring stations , was a lead researcher on a study financed by the Environmental Protection Agency that is to be released in the next few weeks .
The lead levels from non -jet aircraft emissions did not exceed federal limits , but were significantly elevated , Dr. Fine said .
Elevated levels of ultrafine particles , primarily from jet aircraft , were also a concern .
The particles are short - lived , but because they are in high concentration down wind during takeoff , they are particularly worrisome for people who live close to small airports or who are repeatedly exposed , he said .
I finally broke down and bought a watercolor set .
I previously have painted with a pretty nice gauche set , but I really like to layer up the colors , which tends to get muddy with gauche .
It ’s been a while since I painted anything , so I decided to go for the challenge of painting something metal and man made , a BNC connector .
This was more demanding than I anticipated .
I was n’t able to accurately capture the colors of the reflective metal .
I ’m just not used to all of the colors in the set and am fairly out of practice .
And it was a challenge to paint something structured .
Organic shapes like flowers are more forgiving , because you can have little proportional inaccuracies .
So my painting is kind of yellow and a distorted .
This is why it is good to practice .
Next time , I am going to try to find something with more vibrant colors so that I can really see how nice my watercolor set is .
Dan and Annie Shannon are offering a " humane alternative " to Julie & Julia — by " veganizing every recipe in The Betty Crocker Cookbook . "
The results — despite lack of meat , eggs , and dairy — look pretty delicious .
Advertisement
Annie Shannon writes that upon seeing the lobster - cooking scene in Julie & Julia ( and picking up Cleaving , all about Julie Powell 's love of meat ) , she decided , " THERE NEEDS TO BE A HUMANE ALTERNATIVE TO LOBSTER KILLER " [ bold , italics , caps all hers ] .
So she and her husband decided to cook their way through the Betty Crocker Cookbook and blog about it , showing that " no one in the world loves food the way a vegan does . "
Advertisement
I 'm not a vegan — I 'm not even a real vegetarian anymore — but I 've eaten and cooked vegan food enough to develop a few theories about it that may differ slightly from those of the average meat - eater .
First , I 've found that vegan baked goods are often delicious , but making them can require specialty ingredients .
The Shannons ' vegan version of Betty Crocker 's cream cheese brownie pie , for instance , looks gooey and tasty , but calls for vegan cream cheese , Ener - G Egg Replacer , and agave nectar — none of which is necessarily a staple of the omnivore 's kitchen .
Once you 've laid them in , though , you could probably make a bunch of the Shannons ' other cruelty - free desserts .
And if you cook vegan food frequently enough , agave nectar probably comes to seem like a normal part of your shopping list , not a specialty at all .
What 's really stopping my full endorsement of the Betty Crocker Project , however , is this : vegan cheese fucking sucks .
I hate it in a burrito , I hate it on macaroni .
I hate it in a boat , I hate it with a goat .
I really , really , really hate it .
I 'm not one to criticize vegans for eating imitations of non-vegan food ( often people who do this are meat - eaters looking for a way to hate on veganism ) .
I am , however , deeply skeptical about vegan quesadillas — and , by extension , about a project whose goal is to veganize all recipes in a decidedly non-vegan cookbook .
I 'd love to be proved wrong , though — maybe vegan cheese has gotten better during my time outside its rubbery embrace .
If enough vegans chime in with recommendations ( the Shannons use a brand called Daiya ) , I may try making vegan - dillas myself .
Image via Meet the Shannons .
The Betty Crocker Project [ Meet the Shannons ]
Mobile computing and blogging is getting more and more important but the modern touchscreen devices do n't support fully the " hover event " so this is one the biggest problem you could occur on Android , iPhone and iPad .
Just to be more explicit ,
You can't edit the documents in web apps like Google Docs ( Mozilla Fennec is an exception ) .
Here 's a test on some WYSIWYG and WYSIWYM text boxes with Webkit 3.1 ( Android 2.2 version )
As you could notice you have to hold the menu button to access to the soft keyboard and the blinking cursor is not visible .. but it works !
If you need to apply styles like bold , italic , .. to your text is better to use a wysiwym editor .
I tested it on FCKeditor , TinyMCE , on CKeditor and Google Docs this trick does n't work because there is a check if the browser is supported .
Apple officially unveiled the iPhone 4 Case Program this morning , along with a free downloadable iPhone 4 Case Program App that automatically checks your iPhone 4 against Apple ’s serial number database and enables you to choose from eight cases — actually , seven if you count the two colors available for one of the cases .
We ’ve seen a bunch of the cases already , as well as predecessor versions of others for past iPhones , so here are the ones we ’d recommend , plus comments on the others .
Updated July 29 , 2010 with additional photos and details .
Speck ’s PixelSkin HD .
This just - released case combines twin textures — glossy and matte black plastics — to create a grid on the back of the shell .
Easy to put on and take off if necessary , PixelSkin HD has fairly accessory compatible holes and lacks only for screen protection .
We ’d definitely lean towards this one , which otherwise sells for $ 30 .
PixelSkin HD
Griffin ’s Reveal Etch .
Based on the company ’s earlier Reveal for iPhone 4 , Reveal Etch pairs soft rubber sides with a hard plastic back that has a faux carbon fiber texture — the standard Reveal has a clear plastic back .
Reveal Etch appears to work properly with the iPhone 4 ’s camera and flash system , has reasonably sized accessory holes , and the same integrated button protection as PixelSkin HD .
Choosing between them is mostly a question of the type of rear texture you like , but PixelSkin HD ’s sides are a little firmer , which we like , while Reveal Etch ’s back is stiffer .
It ’s normally $ 30 .
Reveal Etch Graphite
Griffin ’s Motif .
Normally $ 20 , this semi - soft TPU case is translucent gray — “ smoke ” — and has a diamond pattern on its back .
Though the atypically low price might lead you to write this one off , the strength of Motif and earlier predecessors from competitors is that the manufacturing process yields very affordable , durable , and sharp - looking designs .
Motif feels glossy on all of its sides , which might be an issue for users who need more tack , but the diamond rear pattern looks very cool in an understated way on the iPhone 4 .
This case is also noteworthy because its bottom and camera holes are tailored nicely for proper accessory , speakerphone , and photo performance , though its headphone port hole is on the small side .
Motif
Speck ’s Fitted Case .
We generally really like the style and fit of Speck ’s Fitted series , which pairs a fabric rear surface with a hard plastic two - piece shell .
The one Speck ’s offering in the case program has a gray and black Tartan Plaid pattern and normally goes for $ 30 ; the only reason we ’d lean away from it is that the button coverage is really weak by comparison with the cases listed above — they ’re basically all exposed — and the accessory holes do n’t have any ability to expand due to the hard plastic .
But the fabrics Speck chooses are always really nice , as shown on the version we ’ve covered already , and have a matte finish .
Fitted for iPhone 4 , with a different fabric pattern
Incase ’s Snap Case for iPhone 4 .
Now sold for $ 35 , this is Incase ’s take on the seriously overpopulated “ simple thin shell ” genre , which is only appealing due to the simple , clean design .
The iPhone 4 version is shown below in clear , and comes packaged with a plastic separate video stand ; it offers very limited top and bottom protection , with no front protection and open side buttons .
Apple ’s offering this one in smoke or clear colors , the only case with two versions — neither is the more deluxe Perforated design we liked and featured in our iPod / iPhone Book 5 earlier this year .
Snap Case for iPhone 4 in Smoke
Belkin Shield Micra for iPhone 4 . With a $ 25 asking price , Shield Micra is the only case in the bunch that we do n’t know much about , besides the pictures on Belkin ’s site — the company has had some rough patches with cases we ’ve seen in recent years .
This one appears to have open buttons , but whether it ’s made from semi - soft TPU plastic or a harder material is unclear ; there would likely be button covers if it was made from TPU .
Apple Bumper Case for iPhone 4 .
Sold for $ 29 , this “ case ” is really just two types of plastic — one matte rubber , one glossy hard plastic — wrapped around the metal edge of the iPhone 4 .
It creates major accessory incompatibilities and offers no protection for the iPhone 4 ’s back , unlike all of the other cases above .
Though we like its looks , we would n’t recommend this one .
Notably , none of these cases includes screen protection , making some form of film an advisable additional purchase if you ’re worried about glare , smudges or potential scratches .
A wide collection of other iPhone 4 case options is available in our iPhone 4 Case Gallery , as well .
Arnold Friberg , a widely popular artist of historical and religious scenes whose painstaking quest for stunning realism led him to Valley Forge , Pa. , on a winter ’s day to paint what became a famous portrait of George Washington praying in the snow , died Thursday in Salt Lake City .
He was 96 .
The cause was complications of hip surgery , his daughter - in - law Jayna Friberg - Cleamons said .
Mr. Friberg ( pronounced FREE - berg ) was probably best known for the “ The Prayer at Valley Forge , ” which depicts Washington kneeling beside his horse while his army winters at Valley Forge .
To ensure utter accuracy , he went to the Smithsonian Institution to study Washington ’s actual uniform .
And when it came time to paint , he stood on the banks of the Schuylkill River in the bitter cold near the spot where he imagined Washington kneeled .
He removed his gloves .
“ It was deserted , the wind moaning through the great trees , silent , lonely , cold , ” he later recalled .
After Nevada GOP
Senate candidate Sharron
Angle made a mad dash for the exits in the Capitol today to avoid reporters , we asked Sen. John Cornyn ( R - TX ) , who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee , how long until Angle is ready to face the press : “ I do n’t know , I mean I just think it ’s going to take a few weeks , ” Cornyn admitted .
Vibram FiveFingers Review
I ’ve heard wonderful things coming from all over the web - o - sphere about Vibram “ FiveFingers ” and decided to give them a shot .
I recall first hearing about them on Reddit.com where someone had posted an article making a compelling case for barefoot running versus running shoe .. running .
A fellow Redditor pointed out the study was partly funded by Vibram , potentially making it a slightly biased study , but nevertheless the article made some interesting claims and pushed me into further investigation into this odd foot wear .
Calling the product “ foot wear ” almost defeats the purpose of Five Fingers , which are , perhaps , best described as gloves for your feet .
The Advantage :
The whole philosophy behind FiveFingers come from the notion that the modern running shoe has set back millions of years of podiatric ( foot ) evolution .
Leonardo Di Vinci has been quoted as saying “ The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art . ” and for the most part this is quite true .
Vibram notes on their website that our feet have as many as 26 bones , 20 muscles , 33 joints , as well as a multitude of sensory receptors , tendons and ligaments that the modern shoe just does n’t make use of .
As a result , many of our feet , since childhood , have been set in a sad state of atrophy .
When we walk in our modern day shoes we feel very little , move our feet very little , and have been conditioned , for the most part , to step heel toe .
The modern shoe has been developed over the years to encourage this type of “ heel toe ” step .
However , in recent years studies have been conducted to discern whether or not this type of running and walking is ideal for our feet .
Further studies are obviously needed , and I ’m no scientist , but as I understand it , findings have been showing that landing on your heel puts a lot of high impact stress on your legs and joints which can result in problems and injury later down the figurative road .
Barefoot running has been said to improve all kinds of natural aspects of your foot such as the range of motion in your feet ’s joints ( toes , ankles , etc. ) , muscle strength in your calves , feet , and lower legs , balance , agility , proprioception , body awareness , and posture among other things .
So , in short , barefoot running seems pretty darn swell .
My KSOs :
Many of you who know me personally , know that I ’ve been an avid martial artist for several years now , of which involves training in bare feet .
In high school I spent a lot of time in track and field training , and although I never became an Olympic runner or professional athlete , running and jogging has always been an important part of my daily regimen .
I also find the notion of “ natural remedies ” and “ natural ” products to be intriguing .
So , suffice it to say , all this talk about the Vibram barefoot advantage , has piqued my interest in the last few months .
I noticed FiveFingers were out of stock , via the official website , for several months .
Only one store in Toronto ( MEC on King st. ) currently sells them , and they ’re consistently out of stock as well .
One can only assume Vibrams have become a hot commodity so I jumped at the chance a few weeks ago to order a pair when I noticed they were finally in stock .
Choosing your Vibram model can be a daunting task .
Vibrams come in all types and flavours and I opted for the popular KSO line .
KSO is short for “ keep stuff out ” since the shoe has a top covering lacking in the other models that .. well .. keeps stuff out !
KSO ’s are also marketed to be useful in all types of terrain and activity due to their , tougher than average , design .
I naturally chose black because it was the least ugly of all the colours and styles .
I had been warned to be prepared to get funny looks from people , as FiveFingers do not look in any way like your average footwear .
My coworker had even told me they looked creepy upon viewing the website photos .
I do n’t know if I ’d go as far as calling them creepy , but they certainly look odd I suppose .
How They Feel :
My KSOs finally arrived on a sunny Wednesday afternoon .
After opening the modest shoebox , I immediately proceeded to try them on .
My initial concerns were that the shoe might not fit me .
Lack of store demos had prevented me from actually TRYING before buying , and I found the Vibram sizing chart to be slightly confusing .
The chart uses it ’s own sizing system based on the actual length of your longest foot in inches .
I went for a size slightly larger than my foot ( by maybe 1 / 4 of an inch ) just to be safe .
At first when I tried on the shoe / slipper / glove it felt a little loose on my foot , but my toes DID reach well into the foot sockets and for the most part the KSOs hugged my foot comfortably .
Comfortable is a great word to describe these things , because they feel fantastic .
The fabric breathes and allows air to flow through , and it ’s very snug around your foot .
The slippers were a bit stiff at first but after working them in a little I found they bend and flex quite naturally with the contours of my foot .
I have no complaints about how they feel , they feel great !
My first jog in my Vibrams was an interesting one .
You literally feel EVERYTHING in these things .
When you hit a twig , you KNOW you just stepped on a twig .
When you hit a significantly sized rock , the FiveFinger rubber sole bends over the rock and you can feel it ’s shape pressing into your foot .
It ’s a really neat experience for those who are used to heavily padded running / walking shoes .
You kind of get a sense of natural freedom .
Due to the mesh fabric and thin lining , air flows freely over your feet and you can feel hot and cold instantly … exhilarating !
During my test - drive I took the vibrams over all types of terrain , grass , dirt , pavement , pebbles , large rocks , etc .
The result was pleasing .
I found I had much more control since the human foot seems to do a great job gripping , bending , and moulding to any form of earth .
It is said that actual jogging and running in Vibrams can be difficult at first if you are conditioned to use running shoes since you use very different muscle groups .
I made conscious effort to strike the ground with the palm of my foot and let my heel down last .
This way , my foot palm acts as a sort of shock absorber , letting my heel down easy , versus the more destructive rolling heel impact I was warned about online .
The Verdict :
I found it fairly easy to adapt to barefoot activity , but I did notice my muscles get tired and sore fast so I ’ve been taking it easy .
I think that being an active Capoerista has significantly strengthened my muscles involved in barefoot exercise enough to make it a relatively painless and simple transition for me .
I have to say that martial arts is incredible in Vibrams .
While , usually , it is best for a Capoerista to ACTUALLY go barefoot so that their feet become tough to withstand outdoor Capoeira , I found that the KSOs do give me a much stronger grip and keep my feet clean from dirt and other nasty things that may be lurking outdoors .
Taking the shoes out for a walk to the drug store was equally comfortable .
I noticed my right foot was cramping up which was a little painful , but I ’m not sure I ’d blame this on the shoe , probably more so my feet getting used to barefoot walking .
Feeling all the cracks and bumps in the concrete is really cool and definitely makes walking more interesting .
Closing Thoughts :
In conclusion I highly recommend Vibrams .
Although I was initially concerned about their fit , they ended up fitting like a glove ( pun intended ) in all aspects of my active life ( so far ) .
I enjoy the new tactile sensations of feeling the ground and wind over my feet like never before .
My feet feel stronger , flexible , and more dexterous , and I feel that my KSOs have helped improve my Capoeira training in this way .
I have n’t had a lot of issues with pain , and long term effects have yet to be observed but I ’m optimistic .
A lot of people have been naturally curious about my strange foot gloves , some have poked fun , others have asked where to buy them , and strangers sometimes stare , but for the most part people do n’t really notice unless you bring attention to them .
I ’ll definately be getting a lot of use out of these things and I ’ll keep you guys updated on future developments .
I urge you all to give them a try !
Echoing the Obama administration ’s move to temporarily halt deepwater drilling in response to the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , the European Union ’s top energy minister has called for a “ de facto ” moratorium on extreme deepwater drilling in European waters until more is known about the gulf accident .
“ Given the current circumstances , any responsible government would at present practically freeze new permits for drilling with extreme parameters and conditions , ” Gunther Oettinger , the European Union ’s commissioner for energy , said last week in a speech at the European Parliament .
“ This can mean de facto a moratorium on new drills until the causes of the accident are known and corrective measures are taken for such frontier operations as the ones carried out by the Deepwater Horizon . ”
Mr. Oettinger laid out what he described as “ five critical steps ” that European regulators need to undertake to ensure that drilling remains safe .
These included reinforcing the technological safeguards currently in place to prevent blowouts , reviewing and strengthening emergency plans by well operators and carrying out a “ stress test ” on existing legislation governing drilling at extreme depths .
The commissioner said that drilling companies should be required to show they have the financial strength necessary to cover the damage resulting from any environmental catastrophe they might cause .
“ We have to see what best instruments can be used in that regard , whether insurance obligations , a special European fund or some adequately robust solution , ” he said .
Norway , a major oil producer with offshore operations in the North Sea , announced its own temporary deepwater drilling ban in June .
However , London - based companies are still angling for offshore drilling licenses for the central North Sea , where fields holding much as 300 million barrels of crude have been identified west of the Shetland Islands .
Money may not grow on trees , but it sure cost taxpayers a bundle to move a bush that was found growing in the path of the Doyle Drive rebuild .
Not just any bush - this was the Franciscan manzanita , a city native that was thought for 60 years to be extinct until the bush was spotted late last year .
With the final bills in , the cost of moving the bush in January came to $ 175,000 - $ 140,000 to dig up and move the shrub , and $ 35,000 for " support " services from geological , botanical and climate experts in preparation for its new home in the Presidio less than a mile away .
The discovery of the 8 - inch - tall , 20 - foot - wide bush was greeted with cries of joy by nature enthusiasts but quiet shock by the San Francisco County Transportation Authority , which suddenly found a leafy version of the spotted owl right in the path of a billion - dollar roadway .
" We took this very seriously , " said San Francisco County Transportation Authority head José Luis Moscovich .
No kidding .
Not only did the authority spend a small fortune preserving the manzanita , it moved the plant to its new secret home under cover of darkness out of fear that plant buffs might stalk it for cuttings .
It now sits in a gulch under a canopy , where the care continues .
" We think of it as an act of love , " Moscovich said .
A lotta love .
Spy politics : Some of the Obama administration 's biggest congressional allies from the Bay Area are in a fierce showdown with the White House over the CIA .
The fight has pitted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Reps . Anna Eshoo and other Bay Area Democrats against President Obama and former Carmel congressman and current CIA Director Leon Panetta .
The rift started last summer when Eshoo , the No. 2 Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , inserted language in the intelligence authorization bill giving Congress the power to have the Government Accountability Office review the CIA 's spending and other practices .
" This issue ... goes directly to the heart of one of the most important functions of the Congress , and that is oversight , " Eshoo said .
Eshoo also wanted the CIA to videotape interrogations of detainees and prisoners , as a means of checking any future allegations of torture or abuse .
Fearing the measures would compromise national security , the White House twice threatened to veto the intelligence bill .
The issue came to a head on the House floor Friday when Pelosi spoke in favor of the oversight language and the measure narrowly passed , 218-210 .
The war is n't over yet - the bill still has to clear the Senate .
Tourist ban : San Francisco's cash - strapped Recreation and Park Department has been looking to squeeze every dime it can get from its public attractions - but not , it seems , from Coit Tower .
Last summer , after Rec and Park bowed to neighborhood pressure and banned tourists from the parking lot , 5,120 fewer sightseers trekked up to the tower - resulting in a reduction of $ 20,000 in admission fees for the city , department records show .
That did n't stop the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency commission from voting Tuesday - with Rec and Park 's consent - to keep the parking lot off limits to tourists for the second consecutive summer .
The idea is to reduce congestion at one of the city 's favorite attractions , where cars regularly stack up , waiting for one of the 29 parking spots .
Under the restricted access plan , only locals with residential parking stickers will be allowed to use the lot .
Tourists and others will have to walk or take a bus .
As for the apparent dent in tower business ?
" We are stepping back and taking a look to see if there is a trend , " says Rec and Park spokesman Elton Pon .
Budget backdrop : San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsomlaid out the city 's new , shrunken $ 6.4 billion budget Tuesday at the Luggage Store Art Gallery on Market Street - of all places .
Newsom spokesman Tony Winnicker says the Mid-Market nonprofit art center was chosen as the backdrop because it's part of a diverse neighborhood that 's making a comeback , but like next year 's budget " still has its challenges . "
We liked local PR man Sam Singer 's take on the Luggage Store pick even better : " Is it because he 's packing for Sacramento ? "
We know he'd like to .
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
Two Indonesian girls surf the web an Internet shop in Jakarta .
Google said on Thursday that Internet use in Indonesia was expanding at a fast pace and was the leading emerging economy in terms of growth .
Google said on Thursday that Internet use in Indonesia was expanding at a fast pace and was the leading emerging economy in terms of growth .
" Users are growing very , very fast .
Indonesia is about to explode , " Google Asia Business Development director Emmanuel Sauquet said of Southeast Asia 's biggest economy .
" It has very diverse and very active online communities .
It 's the right place for us to come now , " he said .
" Compared to other emerging countries , Indonesia is the fastest growing country . "
Google is collaborating with a local wireless broadband Internet company Bakrie Connectivity , whose new modem will come with Google Chrome web browser as a standard feature .
Indonesia 's population of more than 230 million people and low market penetration have made the Indonesia attractive for Internet companies .
The country has about 40 million Internet users , while it is also ranked third with the most registered Facebook users , after the US and Britain , with more than 22 million users .
A study by Yahoo ! in Southeast Asia found that Indonesia is the largest and fastest growing online market in Southeast Asia .
It marked a growth of 48 percent in 2010 of online usage compared to 22 percent last year .
Yahoo !
recently bought local social networking website Koprol .
Explore further Indonesian clerics want rules for Facebook
( c ) 2010 AFP
Red Dead Redemption players , you 've done some very bad things .
Just pretending , of course !
GameSpy has been collecting data from players of Rockstar Games ' hit Western and the results are amazing .
12.6 million characters trampled by horses .
5,600 cumulative years spent in virtual jail .
And that 's just in two weeks !
Advertisement
Earlier this week , we posted a snapshot of stats involving animal - hunting in Red Dead Redemption .
At the time , we believed those stats , pulled from gamers networked to Rockstar 's website , showed the full rankings of animals slayed by RDR players .
Turns out that was just a tiny slice .
Advertisement
The data we have for you today , via GameSpy , shows a whole lot more :
( Click the graphic to enlarge it )
The huge graphic here shows a much bigger haul — numbers pulled by stat - tracking service GameSpy from almost three - million Red Dead Redemption players , from all of those who played the game on an online - connected Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 in the game 's first two weeks of release .
The GameSpy team told Kotaku today that the numbers pulled from Red Dead have continued to skyrocket .
As of this past Tuesday , gamers have logged 3.6 billion minutes in the game .
GameSpy works with Red Dead 's creators at Rockstar Games to track more than 1000 statistics from each of the game 's players .
The companies use the statistics not just to wow gamers with nice infographics but to track playing patterns and learn how their games — and the elements within them — are being experienced by players .
Ideally , this will lead to better games .
Advertisement
Some of those stats can be seen on the Rockstar Social Club , the game maker 's free site for all of its recent games .
Did you know Glenn Beck , prior to becoming a political radio and tv hack , was a morning radio show hack ?
Described by Guy Zapoleon , KZZP ’s program director as “ always desperate for ratings and attention , ” Beck also became known for something despicable .
“ A couple days after Kelly ’s wife , Terry , had a miscarriage , Beck called her live on the air and says , ‘ We hear you had a miscarriage , ’ ” remembers Brad Miller , a former Y95 DJ and Clear Channel programmer .
“ When Terry said , ‘ Yes , ’ Beck proceeded to joke about how Bruce [ Kelly ] apparently can’t do anything right — about he ca n’t even have a baby . ”
Among those who were appalled by Beck ’s prank call was Beck ’s own wife , Claire , who had been friends with Kelly ’s wife since the two worked together at WPGC .
Later , Beck became fueled by cocaine and alcohol …
What a guy .
Original Story
Share this article
Conservative legal case against the Affordable Care Act suffers a setback
One of the things that has confused me about the attack on the Affordable Care Act 's constitutionality is that it 's so limited .
The Affordable Care
Act is n't under attack , actually .
Only the individual mandate is .
And though the individual mandate is important to have , it could be replaced with some sort of automatic enrollment scheme , or some sort of modified penalty in which failure to purchase insurance locked you out of the bill 's protections for a certain number of years .
The strategy seemed like trying to destroy a car by convincing a mechanic that the carburetor does n't fit and needs to be modified and replaced .
Avik Roy 's post on today 's Sarbanes - Oxley ruling helps the story make more sense : Conservatives were hoping that the absence of a specific " severability clause " -- language stating the law could stand even if a part was removed -- meant that if a part of the law was struck down , all of the law would be struck down .
That does n't make much sense to me , and it turns out that the Supreme Court agrees :
As Roy notes , a part of Sarbanes - Oxley was struck down today , and there was no severability clause , and the court kept the rest of the law standing .
( Read the transcript here )
I do n’t want to spend too much time criticizing and nitpicking the President ’s speech last night .
After all , no amount of speeches will stop the oil leak or clean up the ocean and the coastlines .
Obama did , however , miss an opportunity to move beyond generic campaign rhetoric about the American spirit and the need to move away from our dependence on oil .
After all , we ’ve heard the same message about moving to alternative fuels from Presidents dating back to at least the 1970s .
So Obama , what is it that we ’re going to actually do this time ?
You could have and should have given concerned Americans an environmental plan to rally behind .
Instead you gave us something eerily similar to Bush ’s speeches about Iraq .
Here ’s the template : Explain the challenges facing America , vaguely describe how the government is meeting the challenge , tell the American people that their unique awesomeness will ultimately solve the problem ( bonus points for mentioning World War II ) , and make sure to leave out anything specific the American people should do .
Just off the top of my head I can think of a few things he could have said :
Next time you buy a car , get one that gets over 30 mpg .
Do n’t buy an SUV or truck unless you “ need ” it .
Carpool to work , or take a bike or ride public transportation .
Use water filters instead of buying bottled water .
Replace aging appliances with energy efficient models that will save you money in the long run .
Do n’t keep the air conditioning in your house set to 65° in the Summer .
Make it clear that not doing these kinds of things leads directly to environmental catastrophes , but also helps fuel Middle East dictators and terrorism .
Make it the duty of Americans to play their part … you know , like we did when we conserved in World War II .
Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty - GPU graphics performance with thirteen graphics cards
With all the graphics cards released lately we are still missing some really big PC game titles to put these card at work at .
However , in a week or two Starcraft II is going to be released .
Word is that this game has cost 100 million to develop -- Crazy stuff .
Last week we got an inquiry to see if we wanted to write a performance preview on this what really seems to be delicious game .
Obviously we could not resist putting some numbers out there , it is a cool looking game with awesome gameplay .
Once we started testing we were puzzled though , with so much development funds this title is only DirectX 9 based .
No DX10 and no DX11 .
Minimum requirements are low as well , flick down the quality settings a little and the game can play on 6600 GT or ATI 9800 Pro , yup .. but at very low monitor resolutions though .
We however will be looking at the somewhat newer card with the best image quality settings , as always .
As such today we take no less than thirteen graphics cards from both ATI and NVIDIA .
We have a peek at overall performance in four common monitor resolutions .
We 'll grab a few current and last generation graphics cards to see if we 'd run into any performance issues whatsoever .
Short answer here is .. no .
Next page please ....
Frank Schleck receives assistance from Tour de France doctor Gerard Porte
Luxembourg 's Frank Schleck has become the latest big name to withdraw from an accident - strewn 2010 Tour de France .
The Saxo Bank rider , who finished fifth last year , suffered a broken collarbone after falling in a cobbled section of the 213 km third stage on Tuesday .
Team Garmin leader Christian Vande Velde pulled out before the stage after breaking two ribs and lacerating an eyelid in a nasty crash on Monday .
All three stages of the Tour so far have been marred by multiple crashes .
The first stage on Sunday , from Rotterdam to Brussels , was disrupted by a number of incidents , including a huge pile - up 500 m from home , which created mass confusion .
After having congratulated his team - mates tonight after a job well done on the cobblestones , he [ Schleck ] is undergoing immediate surgery and will be out of competition for a longer period of time
Team Saxo Bank statement
The rain - soaked second stage also involved numerous crashes , with seven - time winner Lance Armstrong , defending champion Alberto Contador , Frank 's younger brother Andy and British hope Bradley Wiggins all falling before rejoining the pack .
American Vande Velde was one of five Team Garmin riders to be hurt on Monday - including Britain 's David Millar , who suffered a potential broken rib and described the day as " in my top five worst days on a bike , ever " .
And now on Tuesday , the Tour lost Schleck , who is to undergo immediate shoulder surgery , Team Saxo Bank announced on Tuesday .
" After the horrible crash earlier today , Team Saxo Bank 's Frank Schleck was examined at a local hospital where X - rays revealed three fractures of his left collarbone which obviously stopped the national champion of Luxembourg of continuing today 's stage , " said the statement .
" After having congratulated his team - mates tonight after a job well done on the cobblestones , he is undergoing immediate surgery and will be out of competition for a longer period of time . "
Armstrong predicted on his Twitter feed that Tuesday 's ride from Wanze , Belgium , to Arenberg Porte du Hainaut in France was " Going. To.Be.Carnage " .
So it proved as the cobblestones proved problematic for riders , most significantly Schleck , who crashed 28 km from the finish .
606 : DEBATE
What an extraordinary start to the race .
You just wonder when we 're going to have a ' normal ' stage !
corzellian Armstrong himself suffered a puncture , which limited his progress and resulted in him finishing 32nd and dropping to 18th overall from fifth .
Schleck 's brother Andy , who was Tour runner - up in 2009 , secured an impressive fifth , but his happiness was tempered by the loss of his brother from the event .
" It was a good day for me , but the Tour is finished for him [ Frank ] , " said Schleck .
" But it 's not the most important thing .
I 'm happy it 's just his collarbone that has been broken . "
The stage was ultimately won by Cervelo's Thor Hushovd , who outsprinted Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas .
Thomas is now second in the overall standings , 23 seconds behind Saxo Bank 's Fabian Cancellara , who has a time of 14 hours 54 minutes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chiddy Bang , maybe you ’ve heard of them , maybe you have n’t .
People who follow hip - hop and rap closely will undoubtedly be familiar with the name but for the more mainstream audience the name still may be foreign .
Chiddy Bang specializes in alternative hip hop .
The group is made up of four guys .
Chidera “ Chiddy ” Anamege and Noah Beresin aka Xaphoon Jones are the founders and the face of the group while Zach Sewall provides drums and Pat Braz provides guitar .
Chiddy
Bang really only started to become popular in the last year or so and although they have n’t fully broken into the mainstream yet they are still pretty much amazing .
Sometimes the best music is the music that is also the least known .
There are literally thousands , probably millions of blogs out there that feature music from unknown artists who are trying to make it big .
For the most part , alot of these artists sound the same and offer the same boring , generic music that has been rehased multiple times .
But then there are the gems , artists who are unique , original and really offer something fresh and exciting .
Chiddy Bang is one of those groups .
Chiddy Bang started off as a group of college kids , just everyday college kids from Philadelphia who used to play some parties at Drexel University in Philly .
Pretty soon people started talking about the duo and their music started to spread further than just Philadelphia , within no time the group become very popular .
Enter Pretty Much Amazing .
Pretty Much Amazing is a fairly well known music blog and back in February 2009 they posted five Chiddy Bang songs from Chiddy Bang ’s MySpace page .
This was the first big break for the duo .
They broke into the underground music scene and started to build their fanbase .
As time went on , Pretty Much Amazing posted more songs from the group and in November 2009 they debuted the group ’s first mixtape , The Swelly Express .
The mixtape was an instant hit .
Featuring songs like Truth , All Things Go and The Opposite of Adults , the album helped boost the popularity of the group and in January 2010 , EMI signed a record deal with the group .
Shortly after their record deal Chiddy Bang went onto release Opposite of Adults , their first commerical single .
The song sampled the hit song Kids by MGMT .
The song did extremely well and a few months later Chiddy Bang dropped another mixtape , Air Swell .
Well not as highly praised as The Swelly Express , Air Swell still had some great songs and was a solid effort .
Now the band is hard at work on their upcoming album Here We Go which is set to drop August 24th , 2010 .
So why is Chiddy Bang pretty much amazing you ask ?
I ’ll tell you .
Chiddy Bang posseses a musical talent that is far superior to most rappers out there today .
In a time when the rap game is so diluted with all this junk , Chiddy Bang truly rises from the pack and offers something different and better .
They sample songs so well and we can see with songs like Opposite of Adults , Under The Sheets and Because that they are able to retain the original vision of the songs while still adding their own fresh and unique take to the track .
I ’ve heard a lot of artists sample a lot of tracks and Chiddy Bang always does it so eloquently .
They move from their own beats to the samples with fluency and ease and it ’s great to listen to .
Another area that Chiddy Bang excels in are lyrics .
Anamege is nothing short of a lyrical genius .
His witty rhymes are full of pop culture references and they all roll out smooth as can be .
Emulating a Jay - Z style with his lyrics , Anamege would have most people fooled about his age .
His poetic sense is so good that you ’d probably think the 19 year old was in his 30’s .
Take a look at some of my favorite lines below .
“ Can I please get a little bit of knowledge
somebody tell Roth that I do n’t love college ”
“ I was writin’ all day ’til my hands would hurt Professors did n’t appreciate it , called me a jerk New boy needed to learn , but I never would Pay attention in school is something that I never could , uh ” “ Noah ’s like the captain of the ark and I ’m like a modern day Rosa Parks ”
“ Yea , I ’m inbox like Gmail .
I get head , I need tail .
But let me quit it ma ’ , no play .
I was tryna ’ break in like O.J. Okay , I be puffin on a Starbury .
So if I interview , I ’m acting like Marbury . ”
“ Uh and that ’s word to the UK , I keep it kickin n pushing like I was lupe
My definition is high , I think it is blue ray ”
The man behind the beats for Chiddy Bang is Xaphoon Jones , who has an incredible knack for using indie samples and sampling underground classics .
In the song “ Truth ” he samples indie stars Passion Pit to create an upbeat jam .
In my favorite Chiddy Bang song “ Because ” he uses an incredible sample of music legends Radiohead .
Other notable samples are Joe Strummer in the track “ Silver Screen ” , Sufjan Stevens in “ All Things Go ” , Biggie in “ Now U Know ” and of course MGMT in their hit “ Opposite of Adults ” .
Some will give Kid Cudi the credit for bringing indie samples to the top of the hip - hop world , however I think many would agree that Chiddy takes it to a new level .
At the end of the day , Chiddy Bang is undeniably talented .
Everything they do is unique and enjoyable and this is a group that needs to be heard .
I ’m eagerly anticipating their upcoming album and I sincerely hope it gets the attention it deserves .
Check out two awesome Chiddy Bang songs below .
Truth ft. Passion Pit
[ audio : https://wegotthiscovered.com/wp-content/uploads/01-Truth-ft.-Passion-Pit.mp3|titles=Truth ( ft. Passion Pit ) ]
Opposite of Adults
[ audio : https://wegotthiscovered.com/wp-content/uploads/Opposite-Of-Adults.mp3|titles=Opposite
Of Adults ]
• A local , slice - of - life story from a Monitor correspondent .
The Burmese national soccer team may not have won many titles or ever qualified for the World Cup ( it played its first qualifiers in 2007 , losing both games to neighboring China ) , but this has not stopped the Burmese from having a passionate and knowledgeable obsession with soccer .
And the team of choice to support ?
England .
From Rangoon to Bagan , locals discuss the latest matches , from internationals to obscure “ friendlies , ” and foreigners are bombarded with soccer chitchat with such statements as “ I do n’t think David Beckham will ever play again ” to “ The best asset for the World Cup is Wayne Rooney . ”
( See Top 10 World Cup players to watch . )
Having listened to BBC Radio or read stories online – often using proxies to access sites blocked by the government – soccer aficionados in Burma stay as up to date about the various league tables as the most ardent Liverpool fan who lives halfway across the globe .
The tea shops abundant on every street corner – which were preparing to show the World Cup games – regularly screen England ’s matches .
If there ’s any one way the Burmese fans differ from most of their English counterparts , it ’s the choice of drink : green tea instead of a yard of ale .
IN PICTURES : Top 10 goals of the first week
Related :
Topless Me : *SP Landy Naked On A Beach
Posted by : Landy
Hello !
This is my first big post on VW .
I like to swim naked .
I hope you enjoy these photos .
Kisses ....
Economists are surprised by the strangest things .
The UK has announced austerity measures , Greece , Spain , Portugal ( 3 little PIIGS ) are in forced austerity programs , and Germany is paying more attention to deficit reduction than growth ( rightfully so ) , yet somehow economists expect factory orders in Germany to keep improving .
Please consider the Bloomberg report German Factory Orders Unexpectedly Fell in May
German factory orders unexpectedly fell for the first time in five months in May as demand for goods made in Europe ’s largest economy waned across the 16 - nation euro region .
Orders , adjusted for seasonal swings and inflation , declined 0.5 percent from April , when they rose a revised 3.2 percent , the Economy Ministry in Berlin said today .
Economists had forecast a 0.3 percent gain for May , according to the median of 30 estimates in a Bloomberg News survey .
From a year earlier , orders increased 24.8 percent .
Europe ’s sovereign debt crisis has pushed the euro down 17 percent against the dollar since late November , making exports to countries outside the currency bloc more competitive just as the global recovery gathered pace .
With governments cutting spending to convince investors that budget deficits are under control , growth in the euro area , Germany ’s biggest export market , may slow .
“ You have to see today ’s decline in orders in the context of strong increases in the previous months , ” said Klaus Schruefer , an economist at SEB Bank AG in Frankfurt .
“ It does n’t throw the German economy off its recovery track . ”
Recovery Off The Rails
June 9 , 2010 -- Accumulation of rare DNA mutations in genes affecting brain function appears to be a major cause of autism , a large international study suggests .
" This will lead to a paradigm shift in understanding causes of autism , " study researcher Stephen Scherer , PHD , of Toronto 's Hospital for Sick Children , said at a news conference held to announce the findings .
Finding the cause of autism is like trying to put together a huge jigsaw puzzle with no idea of what the final picture should look like , says study researcher Anthony Monaco , MD , PhD , of the U.K. 's University of Oxford .
" What we have found are the edges of the puzzle .
We now can say some of the pieces are the sky or the sand of the picture , " Monaco said at the news conference .
" We now see that some of the genetic changes in autism are related to connections in the brain . "
The study used recently developed technology to look for unusual DNA deletions or duplications -- known as copy number variants or CNVs -- in 996 people with autism and 1,287 matched people without autism .
People with autism did n't have more CNVs than people without autism , and their CNVs were n't any bigger than usual .
But in autism , CNVs are much more likely to occur in gene - containing regions of the genome .
And many of the genes in which these rare CNVs occur are linked to brain function -- especially the growth and maintenance of the synapses through which brain cells communicate with each other .
" This basically shows us that CNVs can account for a pretty appreciable percentage of autism spectrum disorder , " study researcher John R. Gilbert , PhD , of the University of Miami's Institute for Human Genetics , tells WebMD .
The CNVs implicated in autism are n't all the same .
In fact , the most common CNV identified in the study occurred in less than 1 % of people with autism .
Nearly every child studied has a unique CNV profile .
But in people with autism , CNVs cluster around networks of gene sets -- pathways -- that control brain - cell development and function .
That 's the paper 's most important finding , says study researcher Louise Gallagher , MD , PhD , of Trinity College Dublin .
" So even if children have different genes that are influencing the development of their autism , we hope that if drug companies or biotech companies target these pathways , that the therapies might work for a broad number of the children who are affected , " Gallagher said at a news conference .
" Some of these therapies would still work because they act on pathways that are linked . "
About PreOwnedWeddingDresses.com
Since 2004 , we 've been connecting buyers and sellers of new , sample and used wedding dresses and bridal party gowns .
Buying and selling with us is safe and easy .
And since we do n't charge any commission , you 'll make more money selling here than anywhere else .
How do markets and other games reach equilibrium ?
Or at least , how can they do so ?
A nice answer will have each participant in the market or game repeatedly performing some simple update step that only depends on information available to him and that makes sense from his local point of view , with the whole system then magically converging to equilibrium .
The meanings of “ simple ” , “ update ” , “ information available ” , “ makes sense ” , and “ converging ” may vary , but the idea is to capture the basic phenomena of a global equilibrium arising from simple local optimizations .
In this post I will describe some recent work that shows this kind of phenomena where local “ regret - minimization ” optimizations lead to global convergence in a natural market model .
Regret and Online Convex Optimization
We start by looking at an online optimization strategy for a single decision maker that interacts with an adversarial environment .
It will be nicest to use the general and clean model of online convex optimization due to Zinkevich .
This model considers an sequence of functions for some set .
The rules of the game require the algorithm at every time , for , to pick a point with the aim of maximizing , and do so before seeing the function , but only based on the history , i.e. on the functions .
Given that we are not assuming any connection between the different ‘s , even not a stochastic one , this may seem hopeless , but our yardstick for success will be a bit modest as well : we only want to minimize our regret relative to the best constant point .
I.e .
Definition : A sequence of points has regret on the sequence of functions if for every we have that .
The main point is that there exist online algorithms that always find such low - regret sequences when is any compact convex subspace of a Euclidean space and each is concave ( hill shaped ) .
Zinkevich presents a simple online algorithm that ensure for any sequence of such functions , and other ones can do even better .
Zinkevich ’s learning algorithm is simple gradient ascent :
You start with an arbitrary and then each is obtained by taking a small step of size from in the direction of steepest ascent of the function ( and , if needed , projecting back to ) .
Intuitively you prepare for the future by only slightly modifying what you did in the past , in the direction that would have been best then .
Amazingly , by choosing , one gets for any sequence of concave functions ( where the hidden constant in the big - O notation is quadratic in the diameter of and in the maximum steepness of the ‘s ) .
In particular , the average loss , approaches 0 .
This model and these results generalize the well - studied case where the ‘s are linear functions .
In particular , a leading application to have in mind is where the convex set is the set of mixed strategies , i.e. distributions , over a finite set of pure strategies , and the utility is the linear function giving the expectation of the utility of the chosen pure strategy .
Coarse Equilibria in Games
So far we were in a decision theoretic model of a single decision maker .
Now , what happens when several different decision makers are using such a regret - minimization procedure together ?
Formally , we have an - player game where players have convex strategy sets and utility functions .
The players play this game repeatedly , at each time , each player chooses a strategy .
Looking at this from player ‘s point of view , at each time he is presented with function of his , where the function is determined by the values of the other players ’ choices at time , i.e. for we see the function .
If each of the players uses a regret minimization algorithm then they will generate together some sequence of strategy profiles , where each .
Will these approach some kind of equilibrium from a game theoretic perspective ?
I heard from Eva Tardos the following term for this :
Definition :
Let be a distribution on the strategy profiles .
We say that is a coarse equilibrium ( or Hannan consistent ) if for every player and every we have that , where denotes expectation .
We say that it is an - coarse - equilibrium if .
Intuitively , we can think about a trusted coordinator who picks a profile of strategies according to the distribution and “ suggests ” it to the players .
is a coarse equilibrium if all players prefer to follow these suggestions , rather than play any fixed strategy that may only depend on the distribution and not on the chosen recommendation .
This is strictly weaker than correlated equilibrium in which players should prefer following suggestions to choosing strategies whose identity may depend on their suggested strategy .
This type of equilibrium is what the definition of low regret implies directly :
Proposition :
If all players have regret , ( i.e. for each and each , we have that , ) then the uniform distribution on is an - coarse equilibrium for .
Let us just look what this implies for finite games in which players have a finite set of pure strategies .
To apply the results form online concave optimization , the regret algorithms will be run over the set of mixed strategies , which is a compact convex set .
In this case the utility for a profile of mixed strategies is the expected utility of the chosen pure strategy profile .
Thus once is fixed , the utility function on is linear and thus concave so the regret minimization algorithms apply here and yield a - coarse equilibrium in time .
By direct definition this is a - coarse equilibrium of the mixed game , i.e a distribution over ( the ) profiles of mixed strategies .
However , this distribution may also be viewed as a distribution on the underlying pure strategies so we have also achieved an - coarse equilibrium of the pure game .
It follows that for every finite game , if each player runs a regret minimization algorithm on the set of mixed strategies then we get a coarse equilibrium .
Socially Concave Games
Just the fact that we have called what is reached ( in the sense of average over time ) an equilibrium does not mean that we have to like it from a game theoretic sense .
Could we get a “ normal ” equilibrium from such corse equilibrium ?
Even -Dar , Mansour , and Nadav point out a family of games , termed socially concave games , where this is the case .
Definition :
An player game is called socially concave if it satisfies the following two properties :
For each and each fixed value of , the function is convex in .
and each fixed value of , the function is convex in .
The sum is a concave function of .
Theorem :
Let be a coarse equilibrium of a socially concave game with convex strategy sets , and denote the average value of of elements drawn according to this distribution by ( so by convexity of the ‘s also ) then is a ( pure ) Nash equilibrium .
If is - coarse equilibrium then is an - Nash equilibrium .
This theorem ensures a pure equilibrium in the game with convex strategy sets .
Looking at the case that the game is the mixed extension of a finite game , this is translated to a mixed equilibrium of the finite game .
Before we prove the theorem let ’s look at a simple application : two - player zero -sum finite games .
Looking at the mixed extension we have , where , and are the mixed strategies of the two players and is the matrix of utilities of player 1 .
This game satsifies the two conditions since for any fixed we have that is a linear function ( hence convex ) of , dualy for player 2 , and the sum is constant and thus concave .
This implies that if the two players in a zero- sum game run a regret minimization algorithm ( on the mixed strategies ) then taking the average of the distribution over time is a ( -) mixed Nash equilibrium .
Proof :
We will prove the exact version , the quantative is identical , only taking care of the ‘s everywhere .
What we need to show is that for every , it holds that .
We will show this by showing the same inequality for the sum : .
Notice that for the optimal ( the one maximizing ) we trivially have , and thus the inequality of the sum at the optimal ‘s implies the inequality ( in fact equality ) for each term seperately .
So we start with and make use of the concavity of the sum and the definition of to conclude ( using Jensen ’s inequality . )
At this point we invoke the definition of coarse equilibrium for each getting , and now using the convexity of in ( once is fixed ) we get , chaining these inequalities we get the required inequality on the sums .
A Market Equilibrium
We can now take this general result and apply it to a rather general market model .
This is due to Sergiu Hart and Andreu Mas-Colell .
( When I asked Sergiu how should I refer to this result , he said something like “ had we been computer scientists this would have already been published in a conference ; since we are economists these are preliminary thoughts that maybe will find their way into a paper within a few years ” . )
Our market has divisible goods and players .
Each player has a concave valuation function that specifies his value for owning the bundle of goods with fraction of each good .
Each player has an initial endowment of of each good , and they may trade between themselves , reaching some final allocation , where each player receives a fraction of each good , where for each good we have that .
Significantly , we assume the existence of money that can be transferred between the players , formally “ transferable utilities ” or “ quasi- linearity ” .
In this model the notion of a market equilibrium is :
Definition :
The allocation is at ( transferable utility ) equilibrium with prices if for all goods we have that and for every player , his net utility , is maximized ( over all possible bundles ) .
We now turn this market into a game .
For this , we will require the minor technical assumption that the partial derivatives of the ‘s are bounded from above by and from below by for some constant .
The game will have players : players that correspond to the original players in the market , with the strategy set of player being the set of vectors with , and players corresponding to the goods , where the strategies of “ good - player ” are the possible prices .
The utility of an “ original - player ” is , as expected , , while those of “ good - player ” is : .
The point is that this new game captures , as its Nash equilibrium , the equilibrium of the previous market .
Proposition :
The allocation with prices is an equilibrium of the market if and only if it is a pure Nash equilibrium of the game defined above .
Proof :
First notice that being a market equilibrium directly implies that all “ original ” players best - reply in the associated game .
It also implies that and thus any is a best - reply for “ good - player ” in the game .
The opposite direction is identical once we show that any pure Nash equilibrium of the game must have .
Suppose that this was not the case , say for some good , then the only best response for “ good - player ” would be to declare , to which all other players could only best - respond with due to the bound from above on the derivative of the ‘s , contradicting .
Similarly if then the only best response for the “ good - player ” would be , to which all other players could only best - respond with due to the bound from below on the derivative the the ‘s , contradicting .
At this point it is easy to see that the game we just defined is socially concave : for an “ original ” player , and every fixed , his utility is just a linear function of the ‘s and thus convex in the strategies of the others ; for a “ good - player ” and every fixed value of , his utility is just a linear function in the ‘s so again is convex in the strategies of the others .
Finally , summing up the utilities of all players , the terms cancel out and we are left with which is a concave function being the sum of concave ‘s .
So we now close the loop : to effectively find an - equilibrium of a given market , we let each player in the market as well as artificially created “ good - players ” run a regret - minimization algorithm for a while .
This is a very simple decentralized process : the original players attempt optimizing their demands to the sequence of ever - changing price vectors that they see , while the “ good - players ” optimize their prices to the changing aggregated demands that they see .
In both cases , not by a simple best - response but rather by the regret minimization response .
We then have that the long - term averages of demands and prices will be the desired market equilibrium point .
So , with the millions of gallons of oil spewing from the wreck of the Deepwater Horizon into the Gulf of Mexico , the US is experiencing its worst ever environmental disaster .
The attempts to stem the tide of oil have failed and it may now be months before it ’s stopped .
Desperate times call for desperate measures .
Just what can be done ?
How about resurrecting Operation Plowshare ?
That ’s right , it ’s being suggested that an already terrible situation be made worse : that a nuclear weapon be used to seal the BP oil spill .
We ’re talking about detonating a nuclear warhead 50 miles off the US coast .
The ‘ peaceful ’ use of nuclear weapons has n’t been tested since the 1960s and 1970s .
People have mentioned that the Russians used the technique to seal four leaks in 1966 , 1968 , and 1972 .
The thing is , these were all gas fires at land based locations , not oil leaks under the sea .
In 1981 , an attempt to seal a gas leak near the mouth of the Pechora River with a nuclear weapon failed .
According to the US Department of Energy , the sites where US and Russian tests were conducted ‘ must be restricted and monitored forever ’ .
If BP and the authorities were powerless to prevent oil from the Deepwater Horizon decimating the Louisana coast , what chance do they have with a nuclear explosion ?
High interest rates can feel worrying but they need not be .
It all depends on your financial situation .
If you do not have any loans , then high interest rates are more likely to benefit you as you will get a better return on your savings .
However , if you do have loans then you may worry about the rates .
It will depend on the type of loan that you have though .
If you loan has a fixed rate of interest then this will not change .
If it has a variable rate then it could go up and if you are applying for new loans then these could be dearer .
There are ways that you can get a better deal though .
Only use loans when necessary
It is wise to only take out payday loans online if it is completely necessary .
Think hard about what you are using the loan for and decide whether you really need it .
It might be that you will be able to manage without the loan .
A loan should either be for an emergency purchase or to pay for something that will better your situation and you would not be able to afford otherwise .
Think about whether your loan will be used for this .
Also note that loans include outstanding credit card balances , overdrafts and store cards as well as more conventional borrowing .
Use savings if you can
If you have savings then it better to use these instead of using a loan .
This will enable you to buy the items at a lower price .
Loans can cost a lot of money and although you will lose interest on that money that you had saved , you will be likely to still be better off than had you borrowed the money .
You can compare the interest rates to check and you will be likely to find that the loan interest will be higher than the savings interest .
The loan may also have additional fees which are not included in the interest .
Compare loans
It is worth comparing different loans to make sure you have the one that will offer you the best value for money .
They will differ and so you want to look and see which will be best .
You can compare the interest rates , but also look at the fees so that you know what the total cost is .
It is also wise to look at the repayment schedule to see if it something that you will be able to afford .
Consider how long you will be repaying for as this will have a big impact too as you will need to find those repayments for all of that time .
You may also want to look at the lender and what they are like , look at their website , find out more about them and see if you can find any reviews of them so you know what to expect from them .
Switch providers
You may decide that you would like to switch providers so that you can get a better deal .
This can be possible , but you will need to check .
You may be tied in with a lender or you may have to pay a fee if you want to move your loan .
These costs could add up to more than you will save by switching so it is important to be aware of how much they are .
If you do not have long left to repay the loan then you may not feel that the hassle of switching is worth it , but if you have a lot left to repay then it could save you a significant amount of money .
Pay loans off early
If you can , then repaying loans early can save you money .
Even if the interest rates go up , you could still end up saving more money because you have repaid the loan early .
Some loans are expensive to repay though so you need to check whether there are any penalties for repaying early .
These could be so high that it will be cheaper to not repay it early .
It is therefore wise to find out before you consider repaying it early .
If you are not sure then you should be able to contact the customer service department and they will be able to tell you .
Conclusion
So , in conclusion , although high interest rates are not ideal for those that are borrowing money there are ways to make sure that you are not paying more than necessary .
Making sure that your loan is cheap and trying to repay it early could help to keep the costs down .
You may also find that you can manage without a loan and that will protect you even more from rate increases .
So , do not be scared of rising interest rates but have a plan in place so that you can protect yourself from them .
Most people experience some kind of skin reaction after being bitten by a mosquito .
The pain of the bite and the red bump that follows is tolerable , but the persistent itching is enough to drive you crazy .
Why do mosquito bites itch ?!
Why Mosquitoes Bite
Mosquitoes are n't biting you for their own entertainment , nor are they doing it in self defense ( as is usually the case when bees sting ) .
Both male and female mosquitoes get nourishment from nectar , not from blood .
Mosquitoes require protein and iron to develop their eggs , two substances they can get both from blood .
Only the female mosquito feeds on blood , and she only does so when she 's developing eggs .
For a small insect such as a mosquito , biting a large mammal like you is a risky proposition .
A good number of mosquitoes get slapped and killed in their pursuit of blood , after all .
So mama mosquito only resorts to drinking blood when she requires proteins to produce healthy , viable eggs .
If the mosquito wants to survive to produce offspring , she 's got to be fast and efficient about getting that blood meal .
She 'll seek out a blood vessel that 's pumping well , and let your veins do the work of filling her belly quickly so she can escape before you have time to react .
Why Mosquito Bites Itch
Though we commonly call them mosquito bites , she 's not really biting you at all .
The mosquito pierces the upper layer of your skin with her proboscis , a straw - like mouthpart that allows her to drink fluids .
Once she breaks through your epidermis , the mosquito uses her proboscis to search for a pumping blood vessel in the dermal layer underneath .
When the mosquito locates a good vessel , she releases some of her saliva into the wound .
Mosquito saliva contains anti-coagulants that keeps your blood flowing until she is finished with her meal .
Now your immune system realizes something is going on , and springs into action .
Your plasma cells produce immunoglobulins ( antibodies ) and send them to the area of the bite .
These antibodies cause your mast cells to release histamines to combat the foreign substance .
The histamine reaches the area under attack , causing blood vessels there to swell .
It 's the action of the histamine that causes the red bump , called a wheal .
But what about the itching ?
When the blood vessels expand , the swelling irritates nerves in the area .
You feel this nerve irritation as an itchy sensation .
Recent studies of mosquito bite reactions in mice suggest there may be something else causing the itch .
The mast cells may release another non-histamine substance that causes peripheral neurons to send itch signals to the brain .
How to Stop Mosquito Bites from Itching
As should be obvious , the best way to cure the itch of a mosquito bite is to avoid getting bitten in the first place .
Whenever possible , wear long sleeves and pants when you 're outdoors and mosquitoes are active .
Studies show that insect repellants containing DEET are effective against mosquitoes , so do yourself a favor and apply some bug spray before venturing outside .
If you 've already been bitten , your best defense against mosquito bite itch is a good antihistamine ( which literally means " against histamine " ) .
Take a dose of your favorite over - the - counter oral antihistamine to calm the itch and irritation .
You can also use a topical antihistamine product on the bites for immediate relief .
Sources :
“ Is there an app for that ? ”
When it comes to consumer healthcare applications for smart phones , the answer , increasingly , is yes .
There are now close to 6,000 consumer health apps , according to a review published in March by mobihealthnews , which reports on the mobile health industry , and more are being added every day .
Many are free , or cost $ 1 to $ 10 to download .
Some physicians are concerned about the reliability of the medical information provided by many of these apps , which offer advice and information on a wide array of health topics , including how to find a doctor , first aid for an emergency and exercise instructions .
And they worry that consumers could follow an app ’s guidance for , say , monitoring high blood pressure , and leave it at that — forgoing visits with their physician .
“ The consumer health app market is still a very immature market with a lot of things being thrown out there , ” says Kevin Patrick , an adjunct professor of family and preventive medicine at UC San Diego and the editor of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine .
Patrick also says that generally the apps have not been subjected to clinical trials that would show that they are effective in changing health behaviors , a claim of much of the marketing surrounding some health apps .
For now , there ’s little objective vetting when it comes to medical and health apps .
“ Consumers are largely on their own ; there is no organization that is policing , monitoring , or rating things like medical accuracy and consumer friendliness , ” says Dr. Joseph Kim , a physician and the founder and blogger for several websites , including medicalsmartphones.com .
“ Type ‘ diabetes ’ into an app - store search engine , you can find a huge list of apps , but you have no way of knowing which ones are good and which you should avoid , and as a result , consumers may download apps that contain erroneous information , ” he says .
( He advises discussing apps you ’re considering with a healthcare professional you trust . )
Apple has far and away the most health apps ; close to 80 % work on iPhones only , according to the recent mobihealthnews report .
The Android platform has about 500 , and BlackBerry and Palm somewhat fewer .
But the apps business is changing fast , says Claudia Tessier , president of the mHealth Initiative in Boston , which tracks the mobile health industry ( meaning the market for health applications available on cellphones or mobile devices ) .
“ Chances are good that if you find an app you like , but it works on a different platform — say , an iPhone and you sport a BlackBerry — there ’s a comparable , if not identical app for your phone , ” Tessier says .
A report published in April by the California HealthCare Foundation found that the most common apps available are for exercise , stress management , diet and medical reference — and whatever phone you use , you ’re likely to find a few choices .
( Got an app you ’re using on your iPhone and want to use it on your iPad as well ?
iPhone apps are transferable to the iPad at no additional cost , says an Apple spokesman . )
If it ’s time for a new phone anyway , its cost , and the cost for monthly phone usage , should probably take precedence over the apps you can get .
But for those factoring healthcare apps into the equation , Brian Dolan , editor of mobihealthnews , thinks many iPhone health apps will eventually make their way to the Android platform , and fewer to the BlackBerry .
For now , the easiest way to find apps is to check your device manufacturer ’s online apps store , and also that of your wireless carrier , and search under the health and medicine categories .
Besides the one - time download price , if there is one , check to see if you will be getting text or e-mail messages — e-mail is generally free but text can be charged per message , depending on your plan .
Dolan says you ’ll also want to keep in mind the cost of other equipment required for some apps , such as dedicated scales for tracking your weight or software for sleep coaching .
Which apps to choose ?
In January , Consumer Reports listed about a dozen health apps for various types of phones — including a few exercise and calorie trackers .
It gives you a taste of the kinds of things available .
At least for now , app reviews may be hard to find , though some app stores carry user reviews and app developers sometimes put reviews on their websites as well — key the name of the app into a search engine to find many app websites .
You can also key in Web search terms such as “ best fitness apps ” to get at least some reviews — but check who ’s doing the reviewing : a user ?
a doctor ?
If the app you want is n’t available on the platform you use , find the app website via an online search , then e-mail customer service to see if it might be available on your phone down the road .
And take note : Availability changes often .
Even though most medical apps are less than 2 years old , some are already being pulled or refurbished , so an app touted by a friend or review may not be available , temporarily or permanently .
An e-mail to the developer ’s website can often get you a quick answer about the app ’s status .
Here are a few apps I ’ve tried and like .
( We ’ve noted the types of phones these apps work on , as of now . )
- The American Heart Assn.'s Pocket First Aid and CPR app ( iPhone , Android , $ 3.99 ) is a good resource to have at hand .
There are other first - aid apps out there , but this one was thoroughly reviewed by a variety of physician types selected by the heart association .
The AHA also produced a CPR - only app ( free ) to teach people to do the emergency technique without mouth to mouth resuscitation , available for the iPhone and Android .
- Focus Pocus ( iPhone , $.99 ) magnifies tiny print .
Other platforms have similar apps .
- LoseIt ! calorie tracker ( iPhone , free , https://www.loseit.com) — key in the food and it spits out the calorie count from its database .
Comes with exercise info too , to help you burn off what you ’ve eaten .
Every phone type has a similar app , so look for free options or see if you can try one out for 24 hours — this is sometimes an option with apps — to check that it matches your needs .
- Medic ID ( Android , $ 1.50 ) stores customers ’ emergency medic alert information ( including medical history , insurance info and emergency contacts ) , allowing medical personnel to retrieve important information in an emergency .
Most phone types have a similar app ; consider putting a piece of tape on your phone to let emergency workers know the information ’s inside .
-iTriage ( iPhone , free , itriagehealth.com ) .
Though the main use of this app is to check out symptoms , health experts are also excited about its ability to help find nearby doctors , hospitals , urgent - care centers and pharmacies .
Cool function : Real - time updates on your wait time at many local emergency rooms .
( Since you ’ll jump the line anyway in case of a life - threatening emergency , head to the closest ER in such cases . )
- Ringful apps ( iPhone , others , https://www.ringfulhealth.com).
Last year , we wrote about the Asthma Journal , which lets people with asthma log triggers , symptoms and drug doses and e-mail the information to a doctor .
The company that made that app now has several others .
I like the Pollen Journal , which offers pollen forecasts and lets you track allergy symptoms ( iPhone and Android ) .
Some of the apps come in free and for - a - fee varieties ; the free ones have ads for healthcare products ; the for - a - fee versions do not .
Apps are often announced but then can take some time to hit the market .
Here are two worth watching ; their developers say both should be available by fall or sooner :
- MedWatcher ( iPhone , can be used on other mobile devices via the browser , free , https://www.medwatcher.org).
The app ’s developers say it will send FDA alerts and news stories about new drugs , including new reports of side effects or recalls .
-HEARTifacts : Students at Miami University in Oxford , Ohio , have developed an app to help people locate the closest automatic external defibrillator , a medical device that can be used to treat a victim of cardiac arrest by sending shocks to the heart .
Follow news of the app on twitter : @myHEARTifacts .
health@latimes.com
Last week , a pack went on sale that let you name your own price for five great indie games , all in the name of charity .
Know what a ton of people then went and did ?
Pirated the thing .
Wonderful .
Advertisement
To recap , this was a pack that let you pay what you want .
With all proceeds going to charity .
So you could pay $ 1 and get five of the best indie games going around , and donate to a good cause , all at the same time . $ 1 !
Advertisement
Even that was too much for many , though , with publishers Wolfire - whose David Rosen penned a great piece on the matter last week - estimating that at least 25 % of users got the games for free .
And that 's a conservative estimate , since it includes only those who scammed the games off a forum or website , and not off BitTorrent sites .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Some days , you 're reminded how awful people can really be .
Today is one of those days .
Saving a penny — pirating the Humble Indie Bundle [ Wolfire ]
( Reuters ) - Banks in Florida are requesting that U.S. federal regulators exempt them from mandatory higher capital requirements because they are struggling to cope with the BP oil spill , the Wall Street Journal said .
On Monday , Florida Bankers Association President Alex Sanchez wrote to Federal Deposit Insurance Corp ( FDIC ) Chairman Sheila Bair and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke requesting a reprieve , the Journal said .
Sanchez has asked that all local banks -- already weakened by the real - estate crisis -- be granted a twelve - month break from higher capital requirements , loan appraisals and new regulatory sanctions .
“ Unless we work together in giving our banks more time to work through this oil crisis ” more financial institutions will go under , Sanchez said in the letter , obtained by the Journal .
Following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , regulators granted banks in Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi and Texas a three - year waiver from loan appraisal regulations but did not offer a full exemption from capital requirements , according to the paper .
“ This oil spill crisis will decimate our communities , first in the Panhandle and then around the state as the oil spill spreads .
Furthermore , no one knows how long this will last , ” Sanchez said .
Florida Bankers Association could not immediately be reached for comment by Reuters outside regular U.S. business hours .
There 's always been a fine line between a good sysadmin and a programmer .
Capistrano is software built for Ruby on Rails to make deploys across multiple servers easy , however , the potential is much greater than just code deployment .
I have recently grown in love with how easily I can run commands across groups of servers , and setting up Capistrano is not a difficult task .
If you 've ever configured password - less SSH access , you can get this up and running without much difficulty .
Have a centralized ssh-key
# ssh - keygen -t dsa Generating public / private dsa key pair .
Enter file in which to save the key ( / root/.ssh/id_dsa ) : Enter passphrase ( empty for no passphrase ) : Enter same passphrase again : Your identification has been saved in /root /.ssh /id_dsa .
Your public key has been saved in / root/.ssh/id_dsa.pub .
You have an SSH key , now you just need to install it on each server you would like to manage .
One of the things I like to do , is setup an rsync share to pull down important config files .
This can also be easily accomplished using an NFS mount .
Either way after you have password - less SSH access to all the servers from one location , this will be your controlling server .
You wo n't need to login to the other boxes individually from this point forward .
Security note : in this example , I 'm using root logins .
I recommend setting PermitRootLogin to without - password if you want to use root access , however , I really do not recommend using root directly , as it becomes a liability issue when you have more than one admin .
The use of a normal user account plus sudo is highly recommended .
Install the software
Depending on what OS you 're on , these steps may be different , but the end goal is the same : get RubyGems installed .
On CentOS / RHEL the following works :
# yum install -y ruby ruby - devel ruby - rdocs ruby - ri
Since the version of ruby included on CentOS / RHEL is a bit dated , we have to use an older version of RubyGems ( 1.3.5 ) .
# wget http://rubyforge.org/frs/download.php/60718/rubygems-1.3.5.tgz
# tar xzf rubygems - 1.3.5.tgz # cd rubygems - 1.3.5 / # ruby setup.rb # gem install capistrano
Configuring Capistrano
At this point , a Rails developer would cd into their code directory , run capify and configure Capistrano 's deploy scripts to their needs .
Going over code deployments is an entirely different process , which I 'll save for another time .
As a sysadmin , we can skip running capify and just make our own cap file .
Think of a cap file as a basic config file , except written in Ruby .
You get the power of a scripting language built right into your config file .
This truly gives you endless options and the ability to tie into anything you 'd like ( think database , or ldap ) .
Here I 'll show you a basic " cap file " that will do what sysadmins want : make managing multiple servers easy .
# cd /etc / manage # ls -l - rw -r--r-- 1 root root 2739 Jul 20 18:14 capfile drwxr - xr-x 2 root root 4096 Jul 19 12:15 roles / # cat capfile def getrole ( role ) f = open ( '/etc/manage /roles / ' + role ) f.readlines end role ( : web ) { getrole ( ' web ' ) } role ( : db ) { getrole ( ' db ' ) } desc " Show Memory " task : show_mem do run " grep - i memtotal / proc / meminfo " end
What I like to do is create a directory ( / etc / manage / ) , then populate this with central management type configurations .
In this case , it would be my cap file , and a directory called roles .
The roles directory just contains files with lists of servers , for example :
# cat /etc / manage / roles/web web1 web2 web3
So this would be the resolvable names of all my web servers .
The cap file uses a basic function called getrole ( ) to read the file declared by role inside the roles directo
One would be to cd into /etc / manage and the other would be to declare the cap file from the command line with the -f parameter .
The first thing you can look at , is the output of - T .
# cap - T cap invoke # Invoke a single command on the remote servers .
cap shell # Begin an interactive Capistrano session .
cap show_mem # Show Memory
This will show you all the different tasks you have available .
There are two built in ones ( invoke , shell ) and one we defined in our cap file ( show_mem ) .
This is a very basic example , but will suite a wide range of needs .
The most useful , in my opinion ( at least at this stage ) , is the shell .
This is where you have the power to run commands across " roles " of servers .
# cap shell cap > df -h ** [ out :: web1 ] Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on ** [ out :: web1 ]
/ dev/cciss / c0d0p1 63G 8.9G 51G 15 % / ** [ out :: web1 ] tmpfs 7.9G 0 7.9G 0 % /dev/shm ** [ out :: web2 ]
Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on ** [ out :: web2 ]
/ dev/cciss / c0d0p1 63G 8.9G 51G 15 % / ** [ out :: web2 ] tmpfs 7.9G 0 7.9G 0 % /dev/shm ** [ out :: web3 ] Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on ** [ out :: web3 ]
/ dev/cciss / c0d0p1 63G 8.9G 51G 15 % / ** [ out :: web3 ] tmpfs 7.9G 0 7.9G 0 % /dev/shm ** [ out :: db1 ]
Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on ** [ out :: db1 ]
/ dev/cciss / c0d0p1 128G 2.6G 119G 3 % / ** [ out :: db1 ] tmpfs 2.0G 0 2.0G 0 % / dev/shm cap > with web cap > grep admin /etc / passwd ** [ out :: web1 ] admin:x:500:500 : Admin user:/home/admin:/bin/bash ** [ out :: web2 ] admin:x:500:500 : Admin user:/home/admin:/bin/bash ** [ out :: web3 ] admin:x:500:500 : Admin user:/home/admin:/bin/bash cap > with db cap > !
show_mem ** [ out :: db1 ]
MemTotal : 3985972 kB
When you first enter the shell , it will be set to execute tasks or commands across ALL roles .
Using the with directive , you can specify which role you want to use for the subsequent commands .
Finally , adding a bang (! ) in front , tells Capistrano to execute a task rather than standard shell commands .
Hopefully I 've given you enough information to apply Capistrano to your own environments .
Think about commands you often execute , create a new task and you will find yourself saving a lot of time .
Even troubleshooting and adding new functionality across servers becomes much quicker when you can access everything from one location .
Ten U.S citizens and residents , three of whom are veterans , are stuck abroad or cannot fly within or out of the United States because they are wrongly on a no - fly list , according to a federal lawsuit lodged Wednesday .
The Oregon federal court case claims the plaintiffs , many with Middle Eastern names who have committed no legal wrongdoing , have asked the Department of Homeland Security and Transportation Security Administration for an explanation , to no avail .
The government , according to the suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union , has not offered any explanation for plaintiffs ’ “ apparent placement ” on the no-fly list or any other watch list .
“ They ’re too scary to fly but not scary enough to arrest , ” quipped Ben Wizner , an ACLU attorney on the case .
Wizner believed it was the first lawsuit testing the constitutionality of the government ’s ability to bar flight , though that topic has been the subject of repeated litigation often brought by those forced to undergo heavy screening before flying .
The no-fly list , its current form adopted in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks , includes some 8,000 names .
About another 20,000 are on a so - called “ selectee ” list requiring passengers to endure extra airport security .
The suit names Attorney General Eric Holder , FBI Director Robert Mueller III and Terrorist Screening Center Director Timothy Healy .
It seeks the removal of the plaintiffs ’ names “ from any government watch list that has prevented them from flying . ”
The lawsuit also demands “ a hearing in which they can confront any evidence against them and contest their unlawful designation . ”
The Justice Department did not respond for comment .
The DHS has a website to lodge complaints , which the plaintiffs in this case have done .
“ The government will not confirm you ’re on this , explain the basis of being on the list , or give an opportunity to rebut why you ’re on the list . ”
The suit claims it is unconstitutional to deny flying rights under a system veiled in secrecy with no clear method of getting off the no-fly list .
Here is a briefing on the plaintiffs ’ allegations .
Editor 's Note :
When some , probably many if not most people in the U.S. see this , they look at the foreign names and clothing and foolishly give the government the benefit of the doubt , " They must have their reasons . "
Most people with this reaction never fly outside the U.S.
Those who do may begin to worry when they see Raymond Kneable in US army uniform unable to return to California .
- Les Blough , Editor , Axis of Logic .
Adama Bah , 22 - year - old citizen of Guinea was granted refugee status and lives in New York .
She is barred from flying from the United States .
Raymond Earl Kneable IV , a 29 - year - old U.S. Citizen and Army veteran , recently traveled from United States to Colombia to get married and visit relatives .
He is barred from returning to California .
Ayman Latif , a 32 - year - old U.S. citizen and disabled Marine veteran residing in Egypt , is denied flight from Egypt to the United States for medical evaluation .
Mohamed Sheikh Abdirahman Kariye , a 49 - year - old naturalized U.S. citizen and imam of Oregon , is denied flight to Dubai , where his daughter lives .
Steven Washburn , a 54 - year - old U.S. citizen and Air Force veteran , is denied flight to United States from Britain .
Halime Sat , a 28 - year - old German citizen and U.S. resident , is barred from flying from the United States .
Nagib Ali Ghaleb , a 39 - year - old U.S. citizen , is stuck in Yemen where he traveled from California to visit family .
Samir Mohamed Ahmed Mohamed , a 29 - year - old U.S. citizen , is trapped in Yemen where he traveled from California to visit family .
Abdullatif Muthanna , a 29 - year - old U.S. citizen , is stuck in Yemen where he traveled from New York to visit family members .
Saleh Omar , a 35 - year - old lawful U.S. resident , is denied flight to United States from Yemen , where he was visiting relatives .
Dubai Airport photo :
joiseyshowaa
/ Flickr
Source : Wired
In a too - good - to - check item , the Daily Mirror reports that rapper Snoop Dogg recently attempted to rent the entire nation of Liechtenstein for a music video :
The request surprised authorities in the state of Liechtenstein – population 35,000 with an area of 61.7 square miles between Switzerland and Austria .
Local property lease agent Karl Schwaerzler said : " We ’ve had requests for palaces and villages but never one to hire the whole country before . "
He admitted : " It would have been possible . "
But the deal fell through because Snoop ’s management " did not give us enough time " .
A new survey confirms what Vancouverites have known all along -- that the city boasts of some of the best beaches around .
National Geographic has awarded Vancouver one of the top 10 beach city destinations in the world .
Vancouver 's diversity in beaches and views of the downtown skyline and North Shore mountains helped the city make the cut for the top 10 , which also includes premier destinations like Santa Monica , California , and Sydney , Australia .
Popular beach spots include sports - oriented Kitsilano Beach , a six - minute drive from downtown with lots of room to play beach volleyball , basketball and tennis .
A long sandy strip for sunbathing and sandcastles are some of the other reasons this beach is packed Monday through Friday .
Large logs along the beach make for a great perch in the evening ; the beach is just as busy during the spectacular sunset as it is during the sunshine .
At Wreck Beach , just west of the University of British Columbia , a hike down the steps is worth the view and a chance to engage in the famous clothing - optional experience .
Wreck Beach is also a popular spot for vendors selling everything from homemade jewelry to clothing and snacks .
Jericho Beach at Spanish Banks is known for being more family - oriented -- still busy , but not as loud and bustling as the trendy " Kits " beach .
With its shallow water , Jericho is the perfect place to practice skim - boarding , a popular beach sport around Vancouver that involves tossing a thin wooden surfboard across shallow water and then running and jumping on it , using your momentum to surf across the water .
Coming in 10th spot , Vancouver rates just below these cities :
Barcelona , Spain
Cape Town , South Africa
Honolulu , Hawaii
Nice , France
Miami Beach , Florida
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Santa Monica , California
Sydney , Australia
Tel Aviv , Israel
What 's your favourite beach in Vancouver ?
How about worldwide ?
Let us know in our comments section .
Update : Kobayashi pleaded not guilty and was released after spending one night in jail .
Kobayashi wore a black T - shirt bearing the message " Free Kobi " as he pleaded not guilty in Brooklyn on Monday to charges of obstruction of governmental administration , resisting arrest , trespassing and disorderly conduct .
He had jumped onstage after Sunday 's annual Fourth of July hot dog eating contest at Coney Island that he sat out because of a contract dispute .
Kobayashi said Monday that he'd gone there as a spectator , but fans began chanting for him .
He says he went onstage " in the heat of it , " hoping officials would let him participate .
For all the competitive eating fans who thought Joey Chestnut was the man and Kobayashi could n't get arrested you were wrong .
After Chestnut 's victory today at the Nathan 's International Hot Dog Eating Contest Kobayashi was indeed taken into custody .
Chestnut snacked down on 54 hot dogs for his fourth consecutive victory .
That was 14 short of his world record .
Shortly after , six - time winner Takeru Kobayashi went on stage and police grabbed him .
He tried to hold onto barricades as he was taken away .
Many liberals have been disappointed with President Barack Obama ’s ability to deliver on his campaign promises .
Liberals analyze their Obama ' despair '
For many liberals , this is the summer of their discontent .
Already disappointed with President Barack Obama ’s ability to deliver on campaign promises , they now contemplate a slowing economic recovery and a good chance of Republican gains in November — two developments that could make enacting Obama ’s agenda even more difficult .
Advertisement
Two recent essays framed the debate raging within the progressive community over why the promise of Obama ’s candidacy has not lived up to their expectations — and how liberals should proceed in what they fear will be difficult months ahead .
In a 17,000 - plus - word piece published in The Nation on Thursday , journalist Eric Alterman calls the Obama presidency “ a big disappointment ” for progressives and blames a broken system in Washington that he says allows the minority party to rule with impunity — and special interests and big money to dictate legislative policy .
“ Face it , ” he concludes , “ the system is rigged , and it ’s rigged against us . ”
His essay is subtitled : “ Why a progressive presidency is impossible for now . ”
But writing in Democracy : A Journal of Ideas , editor Michael Tomasky counsels patience , arguing that American history has shown that change always takes time and continued effort against entrenched conservative opposition .
“ The changes we want to see wo n’t happen in 18 months , or in two years , or four , or probably even eight , ” he concludes in his article , “ Against Despair . ”
The essays suggest it is a time of reckoning for a liberal community whose relationship with Obama has had a series of ups and downs since the moment of hope and expectation when he claimed the presidency in Chicago ’s Grant Park on Nov. 4 , 2008 .
“ It ’s not just really about Obama ; it ’s about the state of our country .
Every day , you have a sense that people are wondering where this country is headed , ” says Katrina vanden Heuvel , editor and publisher of The Nation .
The elation of that night in 2008 quickly gave way to the realization that the No. 1 issue , the economy , and the ensuing fight over an $ 800 billion stimulus bill , would make Obama 's agenda different from the one he had described in his campaign .
From the beginning , the stimulus bill was viewed as containing too many compromises in a futile attempt to garner Republican support .
Economist and columnist Paul Krugman led the charge , arguing that the bill was not ambitious enough , containing too many tax cuts and not enough funding for infrastructure projects .
But the bill ’s $ 800 billion price tag created a toxic environment for congressional Democrats when they began the long debate over health care , and many liberals viewed Obama ’s compromises on the legislation as a betrayal .
The low point may have been after the special election victory of Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) in January , when the possibility of any health care legislation seemed lost .
“ It ’s open season on Obama , whom so many hoped would lead us out of the neoliberal wilderness , ” Firedoglake blogger Les Leopold declared not long afterward .
“ He once was a community organizer and ought to know how working people have suffered through a generation of tax breaks for the rich , Wall Street deregulation and unfair competition .
When the economy crashed , he was in the perfect position to limit the unjustified pay levels on Wall Street .
“ Instead , we got a multitrillion - dollar bailout for Wall Street , no health care reform , no serious financial reforms whatsoever , record unemployment and political gridlock that will be with us for years to come . ”
The bill ’s passage was viewed as a major victory for the White House , but the reaction among progressives was mixed at best .
Only 10 days after the House bill passed , Tomasky writes , “ things on the liberal side were more or less back to the dour normal . ”
“ It simply took too long to pass health care , ” says Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne Jr. “ What should have been seen as an important progressive victory did n’t feel like it was as much of a victory because it just took so damn long . ”
But the worst seems yet to come .
“ The bad economy creates a mood in which everything looks a bit more bleak than it did before , ” Dionne says .
“ The economy helps to create the less - than - wonderful poll numbers for Democrats , and it conditions the national mood — and all of that affects the way that progressives feel . ”
The list of grievances includes a slew of agenda items yet to be meaningfully addressed : a climate change bill , immigration reform , “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” and the Employee Free Choice Act , not to mention a war in Afghanistan many liberals oppose .
Yet some of the blame that once was put squarely on Obama and his White House staff has now shifted to a broken system where congressional Republicans have exerted power that does not rightfully belong to them .
“ Whatever the motivation , it has become easier and easier for a determined minority to throw sand in the gears of the legislative process , ” Alterman writes .
“ It is therefore no coincidence that the 40 Republican senators with the ability to bottle up almost anything in the Senate represent barely a third of the U.S. population . ”
Tomasky sees this shift as an inevitable one that will eventually bring liberals around to the realization that the great periods of change — Roosevelt ’s New Deal and Lyndon Johnson ’s Great Society — took place after years of effort and many setbacks .
Slower to come around to this view , Tomasky acknowledges , have been the vanguards of the liberal blogosphere :
The Huffington Post , Firedoglake and , to an arguably lesser extent , Daily Kos .
“ People have to work through stages like that before they get to the point where they say that ‘ this is not exactly what we thought it would be , but let ’s just deal with it , ’ ” Tomasky told POLITICO .
“ I do n’t know that the progressive community is at that stage yet , but people are getting there . ”
Ironically , given the generally more pessimistic tone of his essay , Alterman sees a more immediate time of possibility than Tomasky : Obama ’s second term , assuming there is one .
“ This would be consistent with FDR ’s strategy during his second term and makes a kind of sense when one considers the nature of the opposition he faces today and the likelihood that it will discredit itself following a takeover of one or both houses in 2010 , ” Alterman writes .
Still , others are wary of putting too much stock in the promise of 2012 .
“ I think that depends on what we build , ” says Bob Borosage , president of the liberal Institute for America ’s Future .
Borosage says that over the past 18 months , progressives have learned the hard way that they need to be more independent of the White House to realize the change they are seeking .
The remedy for the problems progressives face , Borosage says , lies in creating an equal and opposite force that can rival the enthusiasm of the tea party movement .
“ If there is a progressive movement that is demanding change , driving the debate , challenging conservative Democrats and Republicans and challenging the White House , you might see a bolder agenda , ” he says .
“ But it ’s equally possible that this reform moment … that we miss it and conservatives come back with the same ideas they had when they drove us off a cliff . ”
“ It was always naive to expect a president to start a movement , ” says Michael Kazin , a Georgetown University history professor and co-editor of the liberal magazine , Dissent .
“ It ’s a little bit like expecting a chief executive to start a union . ”
Police say Romanian singer Madalina Manole was found dead at her home on her 43rd birthday .
Police spokeswoman Claudia Burada says Manole left a farewell message to her husband , Mircea Petru , early Wednesday .
Prosecutors are examining the possibility of suicide .
Manole was 15 when she made her debut as a singer , and became one of Romania 's best loved artists of folk and popular music , often with romantic themes .
Her auburn tresses helped make her known in Romania as the " girl with the flame - colored hair . "
She is survived by her husband and a 1 - year - old son , Petru .
Over the next two hours , the comments about Obama ’s aunt keep flying , the abuse reports continue to climb , and the mods scramble to remove the many posts – both conservative and liberal – that they determine have crossed the line .
Some comments are enlightening , on both sides of the issue .
( Madriver1 offers statistics showing that , of nearly 40,000 asylum requests filed last year , more than one - quarter were granted . )
Some are unintentionally funny .
( GLOBEREADER83 chastises another commenter for having written “ good grammar ” instead of “ proper grammar , ” but in both cases misspells it as grammer . )
And many are not just mean , but make - you - want - to - shower nasty .
There are references to Muslim bombers , Somalian pirates , “ teabaggers and xenophobes , ” America becoming “ a 3rd world socialist hellhole , ” and crude comparisons between Aunt Zeituni and James Brown , and between the first family and farm animals .
At Boston.com , the website of The Boston Globe , a team of moderators – or “ mods ” – monitor the comments .
Actually , with just one or two mods on per shift , and an average of more than 6,000 comments posted every day , on every corner of the site , the mods could never hope to monitor all the simultaneous chatter .
Instead , they focus on evaluating the “ abuse reports ” that commenters file against one another .
For Steve Morgan , a veteran editor who coordinates the monitoring , the color of trouble is red .
The crimson message at the top of his computer screen keeps a running total of the abuse reports that are awaiting action .
Some complaints do n’t ultimately turn up abuse – coarse language , ad hominem attacks , and the like – but rather just a political stance that the person doing the complaining does n’t care for .
So a mod needs to evaluate each complaint and decide either to remove the comment or let it stand .
News websites from across the country struggle to maintain civility in their online comments forums .
But given their anonymous nature and anything - goes ethos , these forums can sometimes feel as ungovernable as the tribal lands of Pakistan .
In the next few minutes , several equally innocuous posts follow , including a rare comment in favor of the judge ’s decision .
Then the name - calling begins .
At 2:03 p.m. , a commenter with the pseudonym of Craptulous calls the aunt , Zeituni Onyango , a “ foreign free - loader . ”
Seconds later comes the lament from Redzone 300 : “ Just another reason to hate are [ sic ] corrupt government . ”
Certain topics never fail to generate a flood of impassioned reactions online : immigration , President Obama , federal taxes , “ birthers , ” and race .
This story about Obama ’s Kenyan aunt , who had been exposed as an illegal immigrant living in public housing in Boston and who was now seeking asylum , manages to pull strands from all five of those contentious subjects .
On Monday , May 17 , at 2 p.m. , a breaking news article headlined “ Obama ’s aunt given OK to stay in United States ” hits the home page of Boston.com .
In a matter of seconds , the first anonymous online comment appears .
A reader with the handle of Peregrinite writes , “ of course she can . . . can someone appeal . ”
At 3:41 p.m. , when the commentary has degenerated into all - out combat , hummlarry writes , “ Obama is Kenyan and he is illegal and president .
We have been invaded by non-americans and the liberals are to blame .
I hope that one of the liberals feels the pain by being broken into by a needy illegal and then maybe they will get it .
Deport them all . ”
Not long after that , Boston.com staffers take the drastic and relatively rare step of turning off the comments function on that particular article .
( For certain types of stories , such as those involving personal tragedies , the comments section is turned off from the start . )
Poof – hundreds of comments about Obama ’s aunt disappear .
Too many abuse reports had been pouring in ; by day ’s end , the total number would be 1,330 – twice the daily average for the previous month .
More than that , the commentary had reached its tipping point .
The pros of hosting a robust , freewheeling conversation had become outweighed by the cons of all the venom and nastiness , by people who are allowed to name - call without any obligation to reveal their own names .
* * * * * * * * *
The raging commentary on Obama ’s aunt is a microcosm of the thorny problem many websites are grappling with right now over what to do with anonymous comments .
At many of these sites , executives have begun to ask themselves :
How did we get into this thicket , and is there a sensible way out ?
But a more basic question needs to be answered first :
Who are these people who spend so much of their days posting anonymous comments , and what is motivating them ?
Newspapers find themselves in a strange position .
People wanting to have a letter to the editor printed in the paper have long been required to provide their name , address , and a daytime phone number .
Yet on the websites owned by these same newspapers , all it usually takes to be handed a perpetual soapbox is an active e-mail address .
After years of letting anonymity rule online , many media heavyweights , from The Washington Post to The Huffington Post , have begun to modify their policies .
The goal is to take the playground back from anonymous bullies and give greater weight to those willing to offer , in addition to strong views , their real names .
Four Fish : The Future of the Last Wild Food .
By Paul Greenberg .
Penguin Press ; 304 pages ; $ 25.95 .
Allen Lane ; £ 14.99 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
FOUR wild fish species dominate the world 's seafood markets , but that might not last much longer .
As Paul Greenberg observes in a sharp and occasionally lyrical book , we are at a significant moment : farmed fish now make up around half of all the fish consumed by humans .
Salmon , seabass , cod and tuna all have a different relationship with man .
Salmon need rivers which are quickly blocked and fouled by human development , and the teeming runs of old are now rare .
But their large eggs make for easy breeding in captivity and as a result the fish farms in Chile alone now produce almost as much salmon as all the salmon rivers in the world combined .
That thought revolts Mr Greenberg , a food writer and novelist .
A wild salmon 's DNA has been moulded to fit the challenges of the river it must conquer in order to spawn .
Escapees from fish farms risk polluting these wild genes just as the parasitic lice that plague fish farms spread to salmon that swim free .
But when Mr Greenberg returns to a New York river whose native salmon had been wiped out long ago , he is surprised to find it thriving with a new stock .
These may be captive - bred and genetic mongrels , but at least they are salmon .
The Mediterranean Sea offers a glimpse into one possible future for the world 's oceans .
European seabass were once commonly caught in its shallow , nearshore waters .
Now they are born inside nets instead , with ten times as many farmed as fished .
How the incredible complexity of getting a fish to breed in captivity was first overcome in the seabass makes riveting reading here , aided by the voyage of a real - life Odysseus who journeys home to Greece with a sailboat laden with live fish .
The famous story of the demise of Newfoundland 's cod is a parable of all that is wrong with industrial fishing .
Cod hate cages .
They do n't like being handled , are very sensitive to changes in their environment and are very hard to breed .
That is the problem with fish - farming .
Some fish are simply not suited to it .
Migratory tuna are also unlikely candidates for farming .
Yet the high prices commanded by bluefin tuna and the demise of wild stocks have led many people to attempt to raise them in captivity in order to supply the same demand .
Trying to farm a fish just because there is an established market for it is a waste of time and money , argues Mr Greenberg .
Farm animals were domesticated because they were suitable to begin with , and only got more so over time .
Aquaculture will only work , environmentally and economically , with the right sort of fish .
So far the search has turned up two good freshwater options — tilapia and the Vietnamese Pangasius or river cobbler .
A marine version may still be out there .
The prize is a form of protein that is far cheaper and more efficient to produce than meat .
Mr Greenberg is not taken with the idea of a genetically engineered super - salmon that grows at twice the rate that other farmed salmon do .
Yet , as he points out , if we do n't stop heedlessly devouring the wild fish from our oceans , one day that might be all the salmon man has left .
The same goes for other fish .
We 're glad you 're using a bike helmet ( and we 're glad you 've opted for that really scary one we first saw in 2007 ) .
You do realize , however , that the more blows to the head you receive , the less effective the headgear is , right ?
Researchers at Germany 's Fraunhofer Institute have developed a manufacturing process that injects microcapsules containing malodorous oils into the helmet itself , causing it to stink when damaged -- alerting you that it 's time to replace it ( and making it difficult to try and make do with a less than safe one , at that ) .
Indeed , the process , which a thick foil made of polypropylene to house the microcapsules , extends to other products as well , including : pressure hoses , water , and gas pipes ( in which case the odor can be detected by automated " smell sensors " ) .
As for the lids , they 're still trying to decide exactly which scent to use , but we have a suggestion -- smelling salts .
Seems logical , right ?
Global temperatures in the first half of the year were the hottest since records began more than a century ago , according to two of the world 's leading climate research centres .
Scientists have also released what they described as the " best evidence yet " of rising long - term temperatures .
The report is the first to collate 11 different indicators – from air and sea temperatures to melting ice – each one based on between three and seven data sets , dating back to between 1850 and the 1970s .
The newly released data follows months of scrutiny of climate science after sceptics claimed leaked emails from the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) suggested temperature records had been manipulated - a charge rejected by three inquiries .
Publishing the newly collated data in London , Peter Stott , the head of climate modelling at the UK Met Office , said despite variations between individual years , the evidence was unequivocal : " When you follow those decade - to - decade trends then you see clearly and unmistakably signs of a warming world " .
" That 's a very remarkable result , that all those data sets agree , " he added .
" It 's the clearest evidence in one place from a range of different indices . "
Currently 1998 is the hottest year on record .
Two combined land and sea surface temperature records from Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) and the US National Climatic Data Centre ( NCDC ) both calculate that the first six months of 2010 were the hottest on record .
According to GISS , four of the six months also individually showed record highs .
A third leading monitoring programme , by the Met Office , shows this period was the second hottest on record , after 1998 , with two months this year – January and March – being hotter than their equivalents 12 years ago .
The Met Office said the variations between the figures published by the different organisations are because the Met Office uses only temperature observations , Nasa makes estimates for gaps in recorded data such as the polar regions , and the NCDC uses a mixture of the two approaches .
The latest figures will give weight to predictions that this year could become the hottest on record .
Despite annual fluctuations , the figures also highlight the clear trend for the 2000s to be hotter than the 1990s , which in turn were clearly warmer than the previous decade , said Stott .
" These numbers are not theory , but fact , indicating that the Earth 's climate is moving into uncharted territory , " said Rafe Pomerance , a senior fellow at Clean Air Cool Planet , a US group dedicated to helping find solutions to global warming .
The Met Office published its full list of global warming indicators , compiled by Hadley Centre researcher John Kennedy .
It formed part of the State of the Climate 2009 report published as a special bulletin of the American Meteorological Society by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which runs the NCDC temperature series .
Seven of the indicators rose over the last few decades , indicating " clear warming trends " , although these all included annual fluctuations up and down .
One of these was air temperature over land – including data from the Climatic Research Unit at the UEA , whose figures were under scrutiny after hacked emails were posted online in November 2009 , but the graphic also included figures from six other research groups all showing the same overall trends despite annual differences .
The other six rising indicators were sea surface temperatures , collected by six groups ; ocean heat to 700 m depth from seven groups ; air temperatures over oceans ( five data sets ) ; the tropospheric temperature in the atmosphere up to 1 km up ( seven ) ; humidity caused by warmer air absorbing more moisture ( three ) ; and sea level rise as hotter oceans expand and ice melts ( six ) .
Another four indicators showed declining figures over time , again consistent with global warming : northern hemisphere snow cover ( two data sets ) , Arctic sea ice extent ( three ) ; glacier mass loss ( four ) ; and the temperature of the stratosphere .
This last cooling effect is caused by a decline in ozone in the stratosphere which prevents it absorbing as much ultraviolet radiation from the sun above .
One key data set omitted was sea ice in the Antarctic , because it was increasing in some areas and decreasing in others , due to reduced ozone causing changes in wind patterns and sea-surface circulation .
This data set showed no clear trend , said Stott .
These figures were also in the last report from the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in 2007 .
" It 's not that the IPCC did n't look at this data , of course they did , but they did n't put it all together in one place , " he added .
The cause of the warming was " dominated " by greenhouse gases emitted by human activity , said Stott .
" It 's possible there 's some [ other ] process which can amplify other effects , such as radiation from the sun , [ but ] the evidence is so clear the chance there 's something we have n't thought of seems to be getting smaller and smaller , " he said .
After many weeks of fighting technology , here ’s a first glimpse of this wonderful short film that ’s shaping up here .
With big thanks to Jan Morgenstern for the epic soundtrack , which as usual makes our humble creations look so much better !
We have less than 2 months now to finish this completely … imagine the tension that ’s building up here to get everything perfect .
For today , we ’ll celebrate a big step forward .
Enjoy !
https://durian.blender.org/download/
- Ton -
Madonna 's done it , so has Kate Moss – even Liam Gallagher 's launched his own clothing line .
But at last , fashion is taking a more literary bent as Canadian novelist Douglas Coupland collaborates on a limited collection of clothing and accessories .
From jackets to scarves , caps and bracelets , the Roots x Douglas Coupland line is intended , said the author of Generation X and Girlfriend in a Coma , to " explore a new way of seeing Canada " far removed from " birch bark and moose and Mounties " .
" I 've never really seen too much difference between writing or making visual art or designing furniture or clothing .
It 's still my brain – I 'm just using different parts of it for different things , " said Coupland on the Roots website .
" I began doing writing projects and art and design projects to explore a new way of seeing Canada .
Roots is one more way of continuing this exploration .
I want to present a wide - open Canadian sense of colour , adventure , communication and openness that defines our country . "
Coupland 's is not the only literary foray into fashion of recent weeks .
An American firm has just launched an Ernest Hemingway - branded shoe collection .
" Hand sewn by artisan craftsmen in South America " , Thomas Raymond & Co 's line of shoes " pay tribute " to the author 's " colourful life , writings and travels " , and have been praised by Hemingway 's son Patrick .
" Hemingway was very fond of loafers .
A lot of celebrity endorsements are phony , but not in this case .
Hemingway had a great sense of style .
He especially loved leather boots from Madrid , " Patrick Hemingway told his local paper .
" I love that you can wear these without socks .
I hate socks .
Hemingway hated socks too .
Socks meant that summer was over and you were going back to school . "
Des Cambpell and , inset , Janet and the spot where he pushed her off the cliff .
Campbell 's bail was revoked and he was taken into custody last week , when the jurors began their deliberations .
He now faces a possible life sentence .
Janet well - off financially Janet had been left well off financially when her first husband , Frank Fisicaro , died in 1997 .
Campbell was an ambulance officer who lived beyond his means and was constantly in debt .
A romance sprang up after they met at Deniliquin Hospital , where Janet worked as an orderly .
The Crown prosecutor , Mark Tedeschi , QC , had said Campbell was only ever after her money and " took advantage of Janet 's straightforward , loving , honest , maybe even simple nature " .
While Janet was besotted with Campbell , he denied to others that they were in a relationship .
Campbell was only ever after her money and took advantage of Janet 's straightforward , loving , honest , maybe even simple nature
Behind her back , he described Janet as " pig ugly " and carried on affairs with three other women .
In September 2004 , a week after they wed in secret , she changed her will to leave him almost half her estate .
In October she bought them a $ 660,000 house in Otford , in Sydney 's south , putting it in both their names .
Six days after she moved to Otford , Campbell took Janet camping in the nearby Royal National Park .
Janet , 49 , was a novice camper and was scared of heights .
But Campbell pitched their tent just metres from the 50 - metre drop where she fell .
Although Campbell did not give evidence at the trial , he was interviewed by police the morning after Janet 's death .
He said his wife disappeared after leaving the tent to go to the toilet .
He used a rope to climb down a nearby gully and found her body on rocks at the base of the cliff .
Broken tree branches on the headland above showed Janet made a desperate attempt to save herself .
Campbell 's four - week trial heard he had been widowed only a week when he asked for a copy of Janet 's will and took one of his girlfriends , Gorica Velicanski , on holiday to Townsville .
Like Campbell 's other lovers , Ms Velicanski had no idea he was married .
She told the court that , on the Townsville trip , Campbell seemed his usual self and said nothing about anyone having fallen off a cliff .
Campbell did not attend his wife 's funeral and , four days after Janet was buried in Deniliquin , he proposed to Ms Velicanski .
She turned him down but by June that year he was engaged to a woman named Melissa , whom he met in the Philippines after making contact through the internet .
She later became his fourth wife .
Mr Tedeschi argued Janet 's death " had not the slightest emotional impact " on Campbell because he wanted her dead .
The defence counsel , Sean Hughes , said while Campbell " is not somebody who reacts as most of us might " , it did not make him a murderer .
" It is extraordinary that , in this day and age , people are still asked to make judgments about people ... whether he was grieving appropriately . "
Reminding the jurors that Campbell was not on trial for being a philanderer , Mr Hughes had urged them to put aside any hostility they might have felt and to examine the evidence – which did not exclude Janet having tripped and fallen .
But the jury found Janet 's death was no accident .
Loading Campbell will face sentencing submissions on July 23 .
Kim Arlington is a Herald Court Reporter .
New Airport Attire
This eliminates getting to the airport 2 hours early , but you still have to take off your shoes !
Claim Your Cash !
It happened today as I was walking among my fellow co-workers of whom I playfully call “ bottom - feeding tapeworms ” .
Often I emerge from my ivory cubicle to walk among these repugnant life - forms and was caught up by a conversation I overheard about the latest movie , “ Sex and the City 2 ” .
“ Like , have you seen it yet ? ”
“ Like no , I need to see the first one first … ”
Being a sharp investigate journalist , I quickly saw my opportunity to slide in and get the scoop .
So at once I put on my glasses as a disguise so as not to be seen for my true identity as an international celebrity blogger .
“ Hey ladies ! ” , I smooth - talked as I sat down in the midst of them confidence and style .
All at once the silence took over and time seemed to move slower than an underwater Tai - Chi class .
I had them right where I wanted them .
DP : “ Sooooo , this ‘ Sex and the City ’ thing …can someone explain it to me ?
I ’m looking to see what the appeal is and , like , get totally whack with that jive .
Like , you know what I ’m saying ? ”
My months at perfecting the local dialect was paying off .
LA ( Ladies ) :“ umm , well …it ’s about a bunch of women who shop a lot and date a lot and buy shoes a lot … ”
Intriguing .
DP : “ And of course , this is important to you right ?
You know , being a woman and apparently one of inferior intelligence .
Word up yo . ”
At once my interview took an emotional turn .
LA : “ That ’s not it at all !
You would n’t understand because you ’re a man !
Wait a second … did you just say ‘ word up ’ ? ”
It was time to turn on the puppy dog eyes and go for broke .
DP : “ Yes I am a man , but you …you can help me understand .
You can bridge the gap for me , climb to Mount Olympus and bring back the holy grail from the throne of Zeus . ”
LA : “ You mean lightning .
Zeus ’ lightning . ”
DP : “ Whatever .
Please , tell me of this movie . ”
LA : “ Well , these New York group of girl friends go to Abu Dhabi and well , um … shop a lot and um…criticize the backwards culture and … ”
I had to interject …
DP : “ And this is important to you of course .
Going to new places to try on shoes and be an abrasive American tourist ? ”
LA : “ I ’m Canadian . ”
DP : “ Of course you are dear ” , as I patted her head .
“ Please continue . ”
LA : “ Well that ’s kind of the movie . ”
That awkward silence returned as I stared directly into her obviously vacuous soul .
DP : “ Sweetheart , let me tell you a story … ” as I moved closer to put my arm around her .
Her body stiffening in either shock or fear .
We ’ll never know .
“ Honey , we men are guilty of watching our crazy movies .
What little boy did n’t want to be Luke Skywalker or Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
But as a mature adult male I ’m reasonably sure that if I tried to fire a 50 - caliber , the recoil would take my white and nerdy arm clean off .
Not only that but the legal fees would be through the roof .
So what I ’m seeing here is admiration for the most shallow , empty , self - indulgent and rather hideous females on the planet who dress like they fell into a clowns closet .
In short , these ladies are the “ bad guy ” in every movie about good versus evil . ”
Nothing about this plot a few explosives can't cure .
The fiery stares in the office were enough to melt Kryptonian steel .
DP : “ You see babes , what you ’re doing is removing great women of history like Rosa Parks , Mother Theresa and J. Edgar Hoover …and placing instead a polished turd on the pedestal .
What you should all be doing is firebombing the nearest theatre playing this .
Go . Go on .
You ’re ready . “ .
At that moment I handed their leader a Bic lighter .
At least I assume she was their leader as she had the nicest shoes .
One of them briefly cried , “ Why you little … ”
“ shhh ! ” I interrupted as I pressed my finger against her stunned lips .
“ The student has become the master .
Go little one .
Fly . ”
At that , I walked away and never turned my gaze back .
Perhaps , just perhaps today there may yet be a victory for women amidst the major defeat that has been “ Sex and the City ” .
She 's All That And A Bag Of Chips
I hereby propose a new sharing rule that applies to all sweets and savories that are packaged in a bag .
If you offer some to someone and it takes them longer than three seconds to withdraw their hand , you crush everything in the bag .
This rule does not apply to gummy candies since any attempt to crush them would prove futile .
Alt - Text : After all that , he ended up with a half broken chip .
Everyone seems to be all up in arms about Clojure latley .
Is n't this just another language ?
I have to admit I have not done any deep digging into what makes it so newsworthy which is why I am asking here ... What am I missing ?
Asustek Computer , maker of the Eee PC netbooks running Microsoft Windows that have been hot sellers among consumers , has said it is choosing Google 's Android platform over Windows for a tablet computer .
Asus officials told German blog Netbook News that Asus will eschew Windows for Android in its EP101TC pad , painting a potentially bleak picture for the software giant that nixed its own tablet plans in April .
" Rather than running an outdated Windows CE , Asus and the majority of tablet manufacturers will be relying on Google 's operating system , " Netbook News said .
The blog said Asus expects to demonstrate the tablet at the Consumer Electronics Show in January 2011 before launching it in the first quarter of that year .
It is not clear what flavor of the operating system the tablet would run , but Android 3.0 is expected before the end of the 2010 .
Android smartphones such as the Nexus One are still in the process of being upgraded to Android 2.2 , with those upgrades going out to the Motorola Droid X and HTC Droid Incredible in August .
With more than 60 phones on the market and more than 160,000 units shipping daily , there is a growing belief in the industry that Google 's Android platform is the successor to Windows on smartphones .
The key difference is that while Microsoft seeded the market with Windows Mobile and let any phone maker license it for handsets , Android is open source .
There are no licensing royalties going to Google , which is making its money from mobile ads served with content on the phones .
While Windows currently dominates the netbook , laptop and PC markets , Apple has said it believes tablets will subsume the PC market .
Apple has sold 3 million iPads , proving that the tablet market represents a green field for hardware growth .
But Microsoft is woefully behind there after nixing its Courier tablet , and all signs point to Android edging out Windows as the challenger to Apple .
Dell built the Android - based Streak tablet , Lenovo is building an Android tablet for 2010 , and HP is reportedly working on an Android tablet along with a tablet based on Palm's WebOS .
Even non-hardware purveyors Google and Verizon are building an Android tablet .
One of my favorite books of all time is " Watership Down . "
In that story , the main action of the book ends with around 20 pages left .
( It 's here that I 'll warn you there are spoilers for " Watership Down " ahead , but the book is almost 40 years old .
C'mon . )
The rabbits who have come to Watership Down to make their home have survived an incursion by the borderline fascist General Woundwort , and everyone is safe for a little while .
It 's a lovely scene , but it 's made even more moving by the short epilogue , set in an undetermined future .
The book 's hero , leader Hazel , has grown old and is enjoying one last summer among all of those for whom he built a world worth living in .
Which is when El - Ahrairah , something like the rabbits ' folk hero and / or god , arrives to take Hazel away to what 's after , not a rabbit Heaven , not exactly , but definitely a place where there will be less pain and less worry .
The final sentences are elliptical , suggesting more than showing , creating something that is and always will be while staying just ahead of us .
We are not yet ready to see what is next .
We can only catch pieces .
Hazel worries about those who will go after him , but El - Ahrairah insists he need n't worry .
" They 'll be all right , " he says , " and thousands like them .
If you come with me , I 'll show you what I mean . "
On Tuesday , I talked a lot about the letting go , about the process of readying yourself to let someone or something slip away from you and become a part of something else .
It can be as simple as letting a friend move cross country , or it can be as profound as putting a family member in the ground and hoping you might see them again someday .
The final season of " Lost " has been about having the kind of faith needed to accept that things will make a kind of sense , even when they do n't , about realizing the world is sometimes a tragic one where bad things happen and sometimes a beautiful one where people can create things larger than themselves by the mere process of coming together and building something .
I 've talked here about how I love things that are about community , about the ways that people can work together toward something else .
And in the end , that was what " Lost " was about as well .
It just showed its cards awfully late .
I can already see on the various Internet haunts I frequent that the episode did n't work for everyone .
It continued the series ' hard left turn into outright mysticism , and some are frightened that the end of the show suggests that everyone has been dead all this time .
While I can see where some are coming up with that theory from ( or its far more cynical variant that this is a hallucination that Jack is having on his way to his final resting place ) , I do n't think that is what we 're seeing here .
This flash - sideways universe is one final gift from the last protector of the Island that we see -- Hurley -- to everyone he ever knew or loved .
It is a chance for him to do what he does best , as Ben says .
He is taking care of people , giving them both what they wanted and what they needed .
The structure here is meant to be elusive , to always run just ahead of us while we chase along behind .
At some point in the " Lost " world , all of these people die .
And then they end up in the sideways world , where they 're able to have what they wanted ( perhaps thanks to Hurley ) .
And then Desmond becomes their spiritual counselor , in a way , helping them to let go .
So much of the finale of " Lost " is about bringing things to a sort of holistic closure , about tying things together .
Much of the series has been about duality , about things that are split between two halves or two forces that act in opposition , but the finale is largely about solving dualities .
I mean , on one ( really obvious and kinda Freudian ) level , it 's about putting a big rock back in a magic hole .
But it 's also about the character who 's probably been responsible for the most good in the world of " Lost " and a character who has been responsible for a lot of bad looking to find another way to do business than the way that the Monster and Jacob did it .
There does n't need to be judgment followed by execution .
There does n't need to be a moratorium on people leaving the Island .
And there does n't need to be the constant struggle between light and dark .
Rose and Bernard had it right after all .
The best way forward is to opt out , is to just do the right thing by those you love .
In this way , Jacob was " right " or at least on the side of what the series thinks is " good . "
He was more about sacrifice than selfishness , and the finale 's latter passages are about what it means to embrace that ethos , about what it means that Desmond probably could put the stone back in the hole , but Jack is the one to do it because Desmond still has someone back home to live for .
" The End " chose not to tie up loose ends or make the mythology entirely make sense .
It decided not to make more specific just why the Monster could n't leave the Island or why the Island had to exist for the rest of the world to go on as it is ( at least , that 's how I 'm interpreting the idea that the Island 's heart going out would mean the end of everything ) .
It probably figured that vague notions in these regards were all we needed .
The plot of the episode , as it were , is pretty much about people running between various points in an attempt to get certain tasks accomplished .
Richard and Miles need to get the plane in the sky ( with some help from -- hooray ! -- Lapidus ) .
Jack needs to kill the Monster .
The Monster needs to destroy the Island .
Very little of the actual plot is , really , all that thrilling .
But it works and it becomes thrilling because it provides character payoffs we 've been waiting for .
Locke and Jack finally have a titanic battle in the rain .
Kate and Jack finally come together .
Sawyer finally gets to leave the Island .
The flash - sideways world is one , long series of buttons on character storylines that allows the episode to be the classic series finale clip show without ever making it one , not quite .
( Though I do n't know that I was so invested in the Shannon and Sayid story as to think it was the best way to wake Sayid up . )
Was this the right call ?
For me , absolutely .
Big , giant answers about what the Island was or its place in the world 's cosmology or why it had Egyptian stuff all over it or anything like that were probably bound to be disappointing , as most of the answers dispensed this season were , only even more so .
Saying what the Island is is like saying what the meaning of life is ; it 's a question you can ask but never receive a really satisfying answer to .
Really , what would you have liked ?
It was a crashed spaceship that somehow ended up in the ocean and had life grow upon it ?
It was a long - lost , fabled isle like Avalon or the Garden of Eden ?
It was Purgatory ?
The answer , here , I suppose was that some just wanted the show to say that the Island was SOMEthing , to put a definitive button on the show 's biggest questions .
But , for me , buttons are always less interesting than the things they 're meant to plug .
Put another way , were you more interested in the rock plugging the hole , or the hole itself , with all that glowy light inside of it ?
One of the reasons I think " Lost " worked was that it was always more interested in the box and the person holding the box than what was in the box .
A closed box is almost always a mystery , really , until you open it and see what 's inside ( which is how so many parents misdirect their kids on Christmas morning ) .
All of the imitators of the show that have come along have focused far , far more on the contents of that box .
They wanna shake it and hear if it rattles .
They wanna pull back the wrapping paper and take a peek .
" Lost " has always been satisfied to dump a package in your lap and think that 's enough .
Is it ?
Again , for me , absolutely .
But if not for you , does the fact that you opened the box and did n't find what you wanted ruin the whole experience of the show , all of the fun you had along the way ?
It 's not wrong to feel that way , not at all .
But it probably does speak to the different kinds of people we are , and the different ways we react to art .
Me , I prize ambition above absolute coherence .
The producers of " Lost " have talked about just how much they love the work of Stephen King , and King 's novels tend to get less interesting the more he expresses just what 's going on .
What I think makes " The End " work on a plot level , ultimately , is the fact that the characters are only doing what they need to do to come to the end they want to come to .
Jack pushes
Kate away so she can live the life he knows he wo n't .
Sawyer finally gets to leave .
Ben joins the side of good in the end .
The characters pass by some of the biggest mysteries on the show , but they only give them glances .
The ultimate meanings and associations are there for us to draw conclusions about and argue about for years to come , and I 'm sure we will .
The important thing , as my wife put it after the episode ended , is not answers .
It 's resolution .
And " Lost " provided that in spades .
It was an attempt to put us in a place where we were ready to let the show and the characters go , to release them to whatever was waiting for them beyond those church doors , in that blinding white light ( perhaps the light that Juliet released when she blew up the bomb at the end of last season -- it worked , indeed ) .
One of the things that 's made the last six seasons of this show so fun is the way that it 's kind of a Rorschach test for who you are .
Your answers to the questions the show presented were as important to the experience of watching the show as anything else .
I might fixate on the way the show suggests the destruction of the Island means the end of the world ( since I do love my post - apocalyptic fiction so ) .
You might fixate on the meaning of the Egyptian hieroglyphics .
Someone else might be very interested in the way the show expresses the philosophies of Nietzsche or Kierkegaard .
What matters to me does n't matter to you .
" Lost 's " genius is that it stirs up a whole bunch of what matters to a lot of people , then never takes sides on what 's most important .
Like science fiction ?
Here 's a full season of time travel .
Like philosophy ?
Here are a bunch of characters named after philosophers and an occasional episode that expresses their precepts .
It 's a big , pulp stew of everything the producers think matters , a stew where you pick out what 's important to you and maybe do n't have quite as much of that little piece over there .
What makes " The End " disorienting for many of us , I think , is the fact that it 's ever so gently letting us know what the producers think is most important here , which pieces of the stew they 've been most interested from the start .
What I 'm intrigued by is how the episode works with " Across the Sea " and " What They Died For . "
The first is a suggestion of how this entire bloody mess got started , of how this place tends to take men and turn them into monsters ( sometimes literally ) .
The second episode ( and this one ) are suggestions of new ways to go forward , of a way to give people a choice in their own destinies and , finally , a way to create a kind of peace for all of the people who died needlessly because of the events of " Across the Sea . "
These episodes matter even more than they did in the initial telling now , because we 've seen there 's a better way , a new way .
But at the same time , " The End " does n't take the show away from us entirely .
The producers are skillful enough to leave us more room for debate , a place left for us to interpret , questions left to answer on our own .
I saw this episode in a room full of other " Lost " fans , critics and aficionados .
And as my colleague Dan Fienberg wrote on Twitter afterward , what was most important was n't necessarily the ending of the episode , but the fact that the episode made us talk .
We all could agree that the episode 's opening acts were skillfully done ( as " Lost " always does these big , exciting action payoffs well ) and that the emotional payoffs in the flash - sideways universe were mostly well - handled .
But it was that last act and the meaning of everything that happens -- is Ben still in Purgatory ?
where were Michael and Walt ? and even if the stained glass windows in the " Lost " church were so multicultural , what about the atheists ?
-- that really set us to talking .
And by leaving us with that ( as well as some of the bigger questions of the show 's mythology ) , Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse may have completed their greatest act yet .
I do n't know where I 'd rank " The End " against all other " Lost " episodes .
There were some jokes that fell flat , and an overreliance on sentimentality that could be a little grating at times .
I thought the ending was lovely , while still finding myself jarred out of it by Christian telling Jack that he was dead .
( Indeed , I suspect this moment will have more resonance for me a second time through , when I 'm able to accept that this does n't mean everyone on the Island has been dead the whole time .
I was really worried there for a while ! )
I liked the way it reinforced the final season 's decision to reorient all of this in characters , to , say , tell us the story of Richard 's great romance instead of the story of his whole life on the Island or to turn Smokey and Jacob from enigmatic figures into eminently human ones locked in a kind of twisted sibling rivalry .
It 's a fantastic piece of television ; I 'm just not sure if it 's a fantastic ending to " Lost . "
Not just yet .
But I loved it all the same .
After it was over , I had occasion to stand outside and gaze up at what stars can be seen in the Los Angeles night sky , to smell the flowers all around me , to feel the cool of the night breeze on my skin .
What I most love about " The End , " what I suspect will bring me around to loving it completely in due time and in the end , is the fact that it suggests that all of this is part of a continuum , that we will live again , not in a place where all is transformed by deeply felt religious faith or by being a better person than someone else , but in a place very much like this one , surrounded by people we loved and cherished .
There will be stars in the sky and people we love and things still to see and learn and become .
No matter if you believe in an afterlife or not , if you believe in a God or not , that , I think , suggests that the producers want us , at least , to believe in some capacity for people to do good , to come together and build a better world that lies just beyond those open church doors .
There are two things that are important , " The End " says : that we care for each other , and that we keep the conversation going .
Some other thoughts :
* This is not the end of " Lost " talk here at Show Tracker .
Not even close .
Do n't forget that there 's a live chat with Nestor Carbonell tomorrow , and I 'll be back Tuesday , in place of my usual episode review , with thoughts on the discussion surrounding the finale and further thoughts on what I thought after a second time through the episode .
Then , we 'll have one last " Lost " 10 , and that will be it for the show ... forever .
Sniff .
Hey ... where WAS Walt ?
We were promised Walt !
I 'm going to start a protest .
* A number of you have asked where I 'd rank this show against every other episode .
Probably in the top 30 .
But I could see it eventually landing in my top 10 given enough time to settle .
It 's an unusually ambitious piece of television , and I tend to really enjoy those in the end .
* As far as final images go , the lyrical visual poetry of Jack stumbling to his death in that bamboo forest , Vincent lying down beside him to help usher him into the next life , his eye finally closing , even if that last shot was predicted by a good many people , it was really quite something , no ?
* Another question I 've been getting a lot :
Where would you rank this against all other TV finales ?
I 'd put it just a notch below what I consider the best two dramatic finales ever , those of " The Sopranos " and " The Shield . "
It was n't as daring , nor as tough on its characters as those shows were , but it was n't that kind of show at the same time .
It 's definitely on the same level as the finale of " Battlestar Galactica " ( which , and do n't stone me , I loved ) for me .
* There was a lot of funny stuff here , but Sawyer saying that he'd put his last dollar in the vending machine when he and Juliet were going to go get coffee made me laugh the most .
* I also like the idea that the afterlife is n't some sort of linear progression , that people just pop up there at the same time , regardless of when they died , and that Juliet perhaps saw what was happening there when she died back in " LA X . "
There is no " now , " no flashbacks , no flash - forwards , no flash - sideways .
Only a place that is everything and nothing all at once .
* I will hopefully have a lot more to say about this episode when I write about it on Tuesday ( still downloading ) , and that piece may well end up being far longer than this one -- which is already over 3,000 words ! -- but I want to say that it has been an absolute honor to write about this for you guys .
It 's a show I 've really loved , and getting to talk to all of you as we move through this final season has forced me to sharpen my arguments in its defense ( and against it when I was n't feeling it ) .
You 're some of the best " Lost " - heads around , and I hope we all meet again , on some other blog for some other show .
As always ( and one last time ) , my e-mail and Twitter are open for business .
-- Todd VanDerWerff ( follow me on Twitter at @tvoti )
Photos : Above :
The cast of " Lost , " both living and dead , gets together one last time to move on to other things .
Below : Christian ( John Terry ) opens the door to another life , brotha .
( Credit : ABC )
Related articles :
' Lost ' 10s : Every episode of ' Lost , ' ever ( well , except the finale ) , ranked for your enjoyment
' Lost ' Thursdays :
They 're gonna put Darlton in the movies
Complete Show Tracker ' Lost ' coverage
Pre-order “ Lost : The Complete Collection ” on DVD
Trivia
When the iceberg strikes , a display screen shows the Hull Integrity Analysis , with a warning that the ' Ismay - Rosejack threshold ' has been exceeded .
This is a reference to J. Bruce Ismay , chairman of the White Star Line which operated the original ' Titanic ' , and to the characters Rose and Jack from the 1997 James Cameron film .
See more
Is the number one tax prep service in the world about to get a little bigger ?
Liberty Tax Service founder John Hewitt has allegedly been shopping a deal with H&R Block Inc .
Block is tops in the commercial tax prep world by the numbers but has taken a beating in recent months .
Despite reports all over the web announcing talks of a merger , H&R Block has refused to comment publicly on the matter .
Speculation has been growing , however , that something is in the works after Thomas Bloch ( yes , with an “ h ” ) announced last week that he would leave the board of directors because of differences with the current company ’s strategy .
Bloch sent a letter to the board saying , among other things , that he thought a 2008 stock buyback was ill - timed and questioning the amount of compensation paid out to the company ’s CEO .
While the letter to the board was made public , Bloch refused to comment on any potential discussions with Hewitt .
Despite the fact that nobody ’s talking , H&R Block ’s stock rose on the news yesterday .
Jackson - Hewitt , the number two preparer of returns by volume , had reported a decrease in the number of returns that it handled this tax season .
H&R Block reported a similar dip .
Liberty , however , reported an increase .
Liberty is considered the third largest tax commercial tax preparer .
If the names in the story are freaking you out a bit , let me see if I can help you out :
Henry Bloch started H&R Block together with his brothers in 1955 .
The Bloch family opted to spell the name with a “ k ” instead of an “ h ” to avoid having the name mispronounced as “ blotch ” – who would want that ?
John Hewitt got his start in the industry after taking an H&R Block tax course in 1969 .
Thirteen years later , Hewitt founded Jackson Hewitt Tax Services Inc .
Hewitt set his sights a bit higher , left that company and headed north to Canada in 1997 .
After acquiring Canadian tax franchisor , U&R Tax Depot , he founded Liberty Tax Service in the United States ( They ’re still in Canada , eh ? ) .
Now , Hewitt wants to merge with H&R Block .
Kind of coming full circle , I guess .
It begs the question : will Lady Liberty wave her foam rubber torch in traffic next year in front of H&R Block offices , too ?
Bjarne Stroustrup once boasted , " C++ is a multi- paradigm programming language that supports Object - Oriented and other useful styles of programming .
If what you are looking for is something that forces you to do things in exactly one way , C++ is n't it . "
But as Taras Glek wryly notes , most of the static analysis and coding standards for C++ are mostly to make sure developers do n't use the other paradigms .
On Tuesday , Taras Glek presented Large - Scale Static Analysis at Mozilla .
You can watch the video at Galois ’s video stream .
The guiding topic of the talk is pretty straightforward : how does Mozilla use static analysis to manage the millions of lines of code in C++ and JavaScript that it has ?
But there was another underlying topic : static analysis is not just for the formal - methods people and the PhDs ; anyone can and should tap into the power afforded by static analysis .
Since Mozilla is a C++ shop , the talk was focused on tools built on top of the C++ language .
However , there were four parts to static analysis that Taras discussed , which are broadly applicable to any language you might perform static analysis in :
Parsing .
How do you convert a text file into an abstract representation of the source code ( AST ) ?
Semantic grep .
How do you ask the AST for information ?
Analysis .
How do you restrict valid ASTs ?
Refactoring .
How do you change the AST and write it back ?
Parsing .
Parsing C++ is hard .
Historically this is the case because it inherited a lot of syntax from C ; technically this is the case because it is an extremely ambiguous grammar that requires semantic knowledge to disambiguate .
Taras used Elsa ( which can parse all of Mozilla , after Taras fixed a bunch of bugs ) , and awaits eagerly awaits Clang to stabilize ( as it does n't parse all of Mozilla yet . )
And of course , the addition of the plugin interface to GCC 4.5 means that you can take advantage of GCC 's parsing capabilities , and many of the later stage tools are built upon that .
Semantic grep. grep is so 70's !
If you 're lucky , the maintainers of your codebase took care to follow the idiosyncratic rules that make code " more greppable " , but otherwise you 'll grep for an identifier and get pages of results and miss the needle .
If you have an in - memory representation of your source , you can intelligently ask for information .
Taken further , this means better code browsing like DXR .
Consider the following source code view .
It 's what you 'd expect from a source code browser : source on the right , declarations on the left .
Let 's pick an identifier from the left , let 's say CopyTo .
Let 's first scroll through the source code and see if we can pick it out .
Huh !
That was a really short class , and it was no where to be found .
Well , let 's try clicking it .
Aha !
It was in the macro definition .
The tool can be smarter than the untrained eye .
Analysis .
For me , this was really the flesh of the talk .
Mozilla has a very pimped out build process ; hooking into GCC with Dehydra and Treehydra .
The idea behind the Dehydra project is to take the internal structures that GCC provides to plugins , and convert them into a JSON - like structure ( JSON - like because JSON is acyclic but these structures are cyclic ) that Dehydra scripts , which are written in JavaScript can be run on the result .
These scripts can emit errors and warnings , which look just like GCC build errors and warnings .
Treehydra is an advanced version of Dehydra , that affords more flexibility to the analysis script writer .
So , what makes Dehydra / Treehydra interesting ?
JavaScript .
GCC 's plugin interface natively supports C code , which may be intimidating to developers with no static analysis experience .
Porting these structures to JavaScript means that you get a high - level language to play in , and also lets you tell Junior developers without a lick of static analysis experience , " It 's just like hacking on a web application . "
It means that you can just print out the JSON - like structure , and eyeball the resulting structure for the data you 're looking for ; it means when your code crashes you get nice backtraces .
Just like Firefox 's plugin interface , Dehydra brings GCC extensions to the masses .
Language duct tape .
I took a jab at Stroustrup at the beginning of his post , and this is why .
We can bolt on extra language features like final for classes ( with attributes , __attribute__ ( ( user ( " NS_final " ) ) ) wrapped up in a macro NS_FINAL_CLASS ) and other restrictions that plain C++ does n't give you .
Power when you need it .
Dehydra is a simplified interface suitable for people without static analysis or compiler background ; Treehydra is full - strength , intended for people with such backgrounds and can let you do things like control - flow analysis .
All of this is transparently integrated into the build system , so developers do n't have to fumble with an external tool to get these analyses .
Refactoring .
Perhaps the most ambitious of them all , Taras discussed refactoring beyond the dinky Extract method that Java IDEs like Eclipse give you using Pork .
The kind of refactoring like " rewrite all of Mozilla to use garbage collection instead of reference counting . "
When you have an active codebase like Mozilla 's , you do n't have the luxury to do a " stop all development and start refactoring ... for six years " style refactoring .
Branches pose similar problems ; once the major refactoring lands on one branch , it 's difficult to keep the branch up - to - date with the other , and inevitably one branch kills off the other .
The trick is an automated refactoring tool , because it lets you treat the refactoring as " just another patch " , and continually rebuild the branch from trunk , applying your custom patches and running the refactoring tool to generate a multimegabyte patch to apply in the stack .
Refactoring C++ is hard , because developers do n't just write C++ ; they write a combination of C++ and CPP ( C pre-processor ) .
Refactoring tools need to be able to reconstruct the CPP macros when writing back out , as opposed to languages like ML which can get away with just pretty - printing their AST .
Techniques include pretty - printing as little as possible , and forcing the parser to give you a log of all of the pre-processor changes it made .
Open source .
Taras left us with some words about open - source collaboration , that at least the SIPB crowd should be well aware of .
Do n't treat tools you depend on black boxes : they 're open - source !
If you find a bug in GCC , do n't just work around it , check out the source , write a patch , and submit it upstream .
It 's the best way to fix bugs , and you score instant credibility for bugs you might submit later .
There is a hierarchy of web applications to browsers , browsers to compilers , compilers to operating systems .
The advantage of an open - source ecosystem is that you can read the source all the way down .
Use the source , Luke .
Geographical Index > United States > Idaho >
Shoshone County > Report # 24224 Report # 24224 ( Class B )
Submitted by witness on Tuesday , July 22 , 2008 .
Man tells of his possible daylight encounter as a young motorcycle explorer in the Coeur d'Alene National Forest ( Show Printer - friendly Version ) YEAR : 1981 SEASON : Summer MONTH : August DATE : 1 STATE : Idaho COUNTY : Shoshone County LOCATION DETAILS : I 'm not 100 % sure , but this looks like the location .
http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&ie=UTF8&ll=47.682726,-116.209431&spn=0.019184,0.040169&t=h&z=15
NEAREST TOWN : Pinehurst / Kingston NEAREST ROAD : Old river road OBSERVED :
After the eighth grade , my family moved to Kellogg Idaho and I purchased a motorcycle with money I had earned from a dish washing job .
I spent most of my summer days riding the many forest service roads , logging roads , and trails around Kellogg and the North Fork of the Coeur d'Alene river .
By the end of my junior year of high school , these outings had turned into more organized explorations of ghost towns , abandoned mines , secluded lakes , and mountain peaks .
I used information from friends and forest service maps to identify potentially interesting locations and took increasingly long and difficult rides to reach them .
In August 1981 , I was looking at the forest service maps for the North Fork area and noticed a road leading up to a star and then continuing on to another star about half a mile away where the road ended .
Stars denoted mountain peaks and I was intrigued by the idea that I could ride up to a mountain summit .
It was a longer trip than I usually made , but I figured it could be done in a day .
About 10 AM the next day , I fired up my Yamaha 250 and headed out
I rode along the river and then headed northwest into the back country .
Eventually , I reached the foothills on this warm and dry Idaho summer day .
The road was a well maintained dirt road with compressed gravel on top .
Since the road was in such good condition , I was riding at unsafe - teenager speed until I rounded a corner and almost hit a moose .
Even in Idaho , moose are rare and this is the first time I had seen one .
It stood in the middle of the road staring at me and would n't move .
I had heard the moose sometime attack people , so I backed up and gave it some room .
It just stood and stared at me , so after a minute or two I tried to go around it .
As I got close to it , it trotted off to the side of the road and continued staring at me as I went by .
From there , I began the long ride upward through the valleys and switchbacks and along ridges ever upward .
The nice gravel road gave way to a back - country dirt road , which eventually turned into more of a trail .
As I rode along the trail , the forest canopy closed overhead and I was riding on something of a game trail through the cool , dark forest .
Even the game trail started fading out as I went up a short steep hill and entered an almost level area near the treeline .
To my right , there was an opening on the trees that revealed an amazing view .
I stopped , turned off my cycle , and walked over to enjoy the view .
I stood for a minute or so looking through the gap in the trees caused by a steep drop - off .
In the clear late - summer sun , I could see the forest and mountains for miles and miles .
As my ears begin to adjust from the roar of the motorcycle to the quiet of the forest , I began to notice the silence .
It was n't just quiet , it was silent -- no scurrying animals , no birds , no insects , no nothing .
I turned and took a closer look at my surroundings .
It was the high forest and the trees were between 8 and maybe 40 feet high , with little underbrush .
The ground was bare clay covered by a thin layer of pine needles .
The perspective effects of looking through tree trunks made it difficult to say exactly , but visibility was maybe 100 feet .
It was dark and cool and there was no movement or noise .
I decided to continue on , but when I took a step towards my bike I noticed something unusual in the ground .
It was an enormous animal track and my first thought was that it was a bigfoot print .
It was old and appeared to have been made during the wet months in the spring .
I removed a thin layer of pine needles to get a better look .
The print was very clear and was not distorted or munged .
It was about 14 inches long , 8 inches wide , and 2 to 3 inches deep at the heel .
The heel was narrow , the ball wide , and the toes were more indented than long and straight .
It was facing away from the vista that I had been looking at .
I had seen on " In Search Of " that bigfoot tracks were about 18 inches long and looked exactly like big human prints , which was n't to be the case with this track .
However there were no claw marks above the toes , which seemed to eliminate a mutant grizzly .
Even though the soil in the area was of the same consistency , I could n't find any additional prints .
As I was mentally visualizing the small bigfoot or mutant grizzly that had made the print , the silence once again intruded on my consciousness .
I looked around , but could n't see anything and whatever had made the print was long gone .
So , I decided to finish my ride to the peak .
After another hundred yards or two , I emerged from the treeline and into the bright , late afternoon sun .
The peak was more of a tall hill covered with tall grass and I continued up to the top .
I got off my bike and slowly turned to enjoy the 360 degree view of the forest and mountains that stretched in all directions for as far as I could see .
As I turned and admired view , I started to get that " you 're being watched " vibe and my eyes were suddenly drawn down to the dark treeline .
I immediately saw a shadow in the trees shaped like the head and shoulders of someone looking out from behind a tree , with some brush obscuring it below the chest .
After the initial shock of recognition , I started reasoning that the shadow was a stump , or maybe a suggestive shadow formed by some tree trunks and the crossing of branches in the shadows .
I had spent a lot of time in the forest and I had seen this sort of suggestive shadow before .
After staring at the unmoving shape for a minute or so , I decided that I was " psyching myself out " and I forced myself to return to the view of the forest .
But now as I looked at miles of uninterrupted forest , what I saw was the complete lack of buildings , roads , or any sign other of humanity for as far as I could see .
After about thirty seconds of forcing myself to look at the view , I decided to check on the stump again -- just to reassure myself that it was still there .
However as I scanned the treeline below , I could n't find what I had seen so quickly seen before .
I looked up and down the treeline until I was sure that I had identified the bush and tree that had partially obscured the shadow , but now there was nothing behind them .
For some reason , my eyes immediately traced the distance from the former location of the shadow to where I had rode out of the treeline .
In retrospect I do n't know why I was afraid of being trapped , since animals in the forest do n't behave this way .
I quickly considered my options -- continue on to the next peek , which had no exit on map , wait and think it through , or immediately blast down the mountain .
I fired up my bike and headed down the ridge line at high speed .
As I reached the treeline , I could only see a few feet into the dark forest .
Even so , I did n't slow down and entered the treeline at what looked like the most likely location of the former road .
I went through the treeline without incident , but I did n't really look around to see if anything was there .
This was partly because I needed my concentration on the road in front of me to keep from hitting a tree , but also in part because I did n't really * want * to see anything .
I reached the bottom of the mountain in only about 45 minutes .
After that day , I did n't have much enthusiasm for riding in the mountains .
Somehow , even the trails close to town did n't really feel safe anymore .
When I left home a year later , I did n't even take my formerly beloved motorcycle with me .
OTHER WITNESSES : I was way , way alone .
OTHER STORIES : No .
Although some of my friends were hunters and outdoors men , I do n't recall ever hearing any first hand accounts of bigfoot .
TIME AND CONDITIONS : Late afternoon , clear skys with high cirrus clouds .
ENVIRONMENT : High up , at the treeline .
Follow - up investigation report by BFRO Investigator Nancy L. Jones : I spoke with the witness at length regarding his experience in the Coeur d'Alene National Forest .
His written report was very thorough and his verbal retelling added only a couple of additional details .
First , I asked him to explain specifically how the old footprint he found differed from ' typical ' sasquatch print descriptions .
He said the heel of the print was very narrow ( more narrow than a bare human foot ) in relation to the width , making the print almost triangular .
This puzzled him and it does me also .
Although no claw prints were visible , this sounds like a possible bear footprint where a hind foot oversteps ( and overlays ) the front footprint on the same side of the animal .
When this occurs , one long , wide print appears that usually has a narrow heal .
Without further examination , we will never know for sure .
Also , he remembered that the print he found looked like a left footprint ( toe marks longer on the right ) .
He was surprised that no companion print (s ) could be seen .
Then , I asked about any sounds he could remember hearing at the peak when the ' stump ' disappeared .
He recalled that it was completely silent , save for the occasional sounds of wind gusts moving through the treetops below him .
In recalling this , he remembered how strange it seemed to him that whatever appeared as a dark shadow or ' stump ' was able to move silently out of view while he glanced the other way .
In summary , I think the most likely explanation for the shadowy shape he saw watching him from the tree line is that it was a curious sasquatch .
The other possible identities seem less likely .
It did not have the shape that a large bear would ( with sloped shoulders ) , and disappeared without the typical crashing or crunching sounds a bear often makes .
A human seems equally unlikely given the remote location and the large size of the stump .
Additionally , the uneasy feeling of being watched together with a silent , large dark figure blending into the forest are oft - reported characteristics of a sasquatch encounter .
About BFRO Investigator Nancy L. Jones : Nancy L. Jones is an M.B.A. , presently doing occasional special projects for her husband 's business and being a full - time mom .
Formerly she worked as an IT Project Manager for Hewlett - Packard .
She attended the 2007 Central Oregon Expedition .
Explanation of the report classification system
Submit a report for the sightings database
Please send any comments or inquiries to ContactUs@BFRO.net
1 of 1 2 of 1
Toronto Police Service chief Bill Blair has branded the Black Bloc protesters who smashed windows and torched police cars during the G20 summit protests as " terrorists " .
During a televised press conference this morning ( June 29 ) , Blair claimed that " several hundred " people came to the protests with the intent to commit criminal acts .
" When they could n't attack the summit , they attacked the city , and they became a mob , " Blair said , while displaying a variety of weapons seized during the G20 .
" And a mob is policed a little differently than a lawful , peaceful protest . "
Earlier today , Blair announced his police force will conduct an internal review of " all aspects " of policing related to the G20 summit .
The Summit Management After Action Review Team will assess the strengths and weaknesses of security plans and their execution .
Meanwhile , the Ontario government has said it wo n't launch a public inquiry into the summit .
Laura Blondeau , a spokesperson for Community Safety Minister Rick Bartolucci , told the Toronto Star that the decision to hold an inquiry rests with the federal government .
Today , seven student unions at the University of Toronto , York University , Ryerson University , and Glendon College threw their support behind Amnesty International 's call for an independent review of G20 security measures .
" The tactics of the police are unprecedented and undermine basic human rights and freedoms under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms that allow people to assemble , demonstrate peacefully and express their views , " the student unions said in a joint statement .
The Ontario New Democratic Party and the Council of Canadians are also calling for a public inquiry on how the G20 protests were handled by authorities .
Police have arrested more than 900 people in connection with the G20 summit , making it the scene of the largest mass arrests in Canadian history .
Plainclothes police officers in action during the G20 summit .
A man videotapes and questions a few men he suspects of being undercover police officers during the G20 .
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui .
There are several characters who possess extraordinary powers ( especially in Stephen King and M. Night Shyamalan creations ) , but they never made the extra effort to put on a mask and cape and use their powers to fight evil .
I call these people selfish , because as we learned in Spider - Man , with great power comes great responsibility , yet these folks do n’t really use their powers to their full potential .
Here are eight characters with remarkable powers who should be superheros .
1 Cole Sear The Sixth Sense
Being able to see and talk to the dead has major advantages when it comes to solving crime .
Even in the movie , The Sixth Sense , Cole finds out from a dead girl that her mother had poisoned her .
Now take Cole , put a cape and mask on him , set him out into the world , and he can solve all sorts of cold cases by talking to murdered people and hunting down their killers .
2 Carrie White Carrie
Dress this girl in a burqa , send her to Iran and have her single - handedly destroy its nuclear arsenal with her telekinetic powers .
That would be so much more useful than getting revenge on jerks at a high school prom .
3 Charlene ‘ Charlie ’ McGee Firestarter
Just like Carrie , another Stephen King creation from this list , the possibilities with Charlie are the same .
The Taliban will burn in hell on earth as we set this girl loose in Afghanistan on a secret mission to become a child slave to those fanatics .
4 Eric Gibb The Boy Who Could Fly
Perhaps the most obvious one on the list .
Though he ’s autistic , Eric has perhaps the most amazing powers as he can fly around Manhattan and capture fleeing criminals .
5 Sookie Stackhouse True Blood
Can someone explain to me what a girl like Sookie Stackhouse is doing working at a dive bar and hanging with vampires when she could be out solving mysteries ?
Reading people ’s thoughts can lead to much good , and not just knowing to give a customer more ketchup .
This girl can be the ultimate superhero spy and provide oodles of intelligence to law enforcement .
Plus , she ’s not the only one with these powers .
She met another guy who could do it , who worked as a bellhop at a hotel .
6 David Dunn Unbreakable
This guy actually is a superhero , but it takes quite a bit of convincing on the part of Elijah Price , who is ( SPOILER ALERT ) the villain .
His powers ?
Physical strength , something I ’m sure he would ’ve noticed before lifting weights with his son one day .
Also , extra - sensory perception , so he can get a sense of immoral acts of people he touches .
What to do with him ?
Simple , let him be an undercover agent for the SEC , set him loose to shake the hands of Wall Street bankers , and let him uncover some of the greatest Ponzi schemes and incidents of corporate fraud to save the economy from taking .
7 Johnny Smith The Dead Zone
Yet another creation from Stephen King , Johnny can see the someone ’s future by touching objects that belong to that person .
He winds up ( SPOILER ALERT ) preventing a nuclear holocaust through drastic means , but had he strapped on a cape and mask and went about it differently , he could have used his powers to prevent other future tragedies , as well .
Like what happened in The Stand .
8 Danny Torrance The Shining
Like the kid in The Sixth Sense , Danny has the ability to detect supernatural spirits , but also to talk to others with the same talent no matter where they are .
But how can Danny be a superhero , you ask ?
Good question .
I ’m thinking that he can be sent to places where atrocities have been committed , and to investigate unsolved aspects of those crimes and identify the elusive people who committed them .
If these adventures turn into an Indiana Jones - style chase scene , I ’m sure his power to talk to others will come in handy .
Like this stuff ?
Get it delivered to your email inbox daily !
Click here !
Sorry for the length of this edition .
The story of Sealand is amazing , and I cut a lot of it out , but it 's still my longest email to date .
There 's a lot more ( a fire , a passport scandal , copyright battles , even a government in exile ! ) so be sure to read their official history and the Wikipedia entry .
--
Dan
The Principality of Sealand
During World War II , the English Channel and North Sea were , understandably , thoroughfares of war .
These bodies of water , together , separated England from mainland Europe , and the United Kingdom took advantage of the terrestrial barriers by bu idling sea forts house with troops and artillery .
One of these seat forts , Roughs Tower , was built above a sandbar ( Rough Sands ) roughly seven miles off shore .
Made of two hollow towers joined by a deck , Roughs Tower housed between 150 and 300 naval personnel throughout the War , and remained in use through 1956 .
Roughs
Tower was unique from the other sea forts for two reasons :
First , the other bases were pulled down after the British navy was done using them .
Second , Roughs
Tower is in international waters .
More than a decade after it was last used by the military , Roughs Tower found itself in use again .
In late 1967 , Major Paddy Roy Bates , a pirate radio broadcaster , occupied the fort with the intention of broadcasting his radio station from there .
He did n't stop there .
Realizing that he was in international waters , Bates turned Roughs Tower into -- at least in his view -- a sovereign nation , The Principality of Sealand , with Bates bestowing upon himself the title Price Roy of Sealand .
The next year , Bates took action to protect his perceived independence .
Workmen entered Sealand 's territorial waters to er pair a navigation buoy , and Bates ' son , Michael , taking this as an act of aggression ( Sealand 's website states that " [ u ] nits of the navy entered the territorial waters claimed by Roy of Sealand " ) fired warning shots at the workmen - turned - trespassers .
Being a British subject at the time , Michael was brought up on charges , but the British court determined that the courts had no jurisdiction over the incident because it occurred outside of Britain 's ordinary territorial limits .
Sealand uses this finding as Exhibit A in arguing that other nations have recognized its sovereignty .
In fact , Britain itself once relied on the decision to disavow itself of responsibility for Sealand 's actions .
In 1978 , a group of Dutch men , hired by a Alexander Achenbach , a German citizen , attacked the island / platform / nation and took Michael Bates hostage .
Roy Bates , with the help of his own mercenaries , was able to retake Roughs Tower , but refused to release the Achenbach , who held a Sealand passport .
Germany , Austria , and the Netherlands petitioned the British government for help , but the UK declined citing the 1968 decision above .
Achenbach was eventually released , per Sealand 's official history , as to " not bloody the reputation of Sealand " .
Since then ?
Sealand still exists , under the reign of the Bates family , although as of January 2007 , they 're looking to " sell " the country .
( They probably wo n't accept Sealand issued coins , pictured above right . )
Or , at least , turn their story into a movie .
Bonus fact :
In 1941 , a small group of people from parts of California and Oregon tried to secede from their parent states and form the State of Jefferson , situated in the Pacific Northwest .
Their secession efforts ended abruptly when , at the end of the year , Japanese forces attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor , as many of the secessionist joined the war effort .
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
Watch an extended version of the interview , lasting 16 minutes
He says he spent two years looking for photographic evidence of alien spacecraft and advanced power technology .
America now wants to put him on trial , and if tried there he could face 60 years behind bars .
Banned from using the internet , Gary spoke to Click presenter Spencer Kelly to tell his side of the story , ahead of his extradition hearing on Wednesday , 10 May .
You can read what he had to say here .
Spencer Kelly :
Here 's your list of charges : you hacked into the Army , the Navy , the Air Force , the Department of Defense , and Nasa , amongst other things .
Why ?
Gary McKinnon : I was in search of suppressed technology , laughingly referred to as UFO technology .
I think it 's the biggest kept secret in the world because of its comic value , but it 's a very important thing .
Old - age pensioners can't pay their fuel bills , countries are invaded to award oil contracts to the West , and meanwhile secretive parts of the secret government are sitting on suppressed technology for free energy .
SK : How did you go about trying to find the stuff you were looking for in Nasa , in the Department of Defense ?
GM : Unlike the press would have you believe , it was n't very clever .
I searched for blank passwords , I wrote a tiny Perl script that tied together other people 's programs that search for blank passwords , so you could scan 65,000 machines in just over eight minutes .
SK : So you 're saying that you found computers which had a high - ranking status , administrator status , which had n't had their passwords set - they were still set to default ?
GM : Yes , precisely .
SK : Were you the only hacker to make it past the slightly lower - than - expected lines of defence ?
GM : Yes , exactly , there were no lines of defence .
There was a permanent tenancy of foreign hackers .
You could run a command when you were on the machine that showed connections from all over the world , check the IP address to see if it was another military base or whatever , and it was n't .
The General Accounting Office in America has again published another damning report saying that federal security is very , very poor .
SK : Over what kind of period were you hacking into these computers ?
Was it a one - time only , or for the course of a week ?
A bird or a plane ?...
Gary was not able to get a picture of what he saw
SK : And you went unnoticed for a couple of years ?
GM : Oh yes .
I used to be careful about the hours .
SK : So you would log on in the middle of the night , say ?
GM : Yes , I 'd always be juggling different time zones .
Doing it at night time there 's hopefully not many people around .
But there was one occasion when a network engineer saw me and actually questioned me and we actually talked to each other via WordPad , which was very , very strange .
SK : So what did he say ?
And what did you say ?
GM : He said " What are you doing ? " which was a bit shocking .
I told him I was from Military Computer Security , which he fully believed .
SK : Did you find what you were looking for ?
GM : Yes .
SK : Tell us about it .
GM : There was a group called the Disclosure Project .
They published a book which had 400 expert witnesses ranging from civilian air traffic controllers , through military radar operators , right up to the chaps who were responsible for whether or not to launch nuclear missiles .
They are some very credible , relied upon people , all saying yes , there is UFO technology , there 's anti-gravity , there 's free energy , and it 's extra-terrestrial in origin , and we 've captured spacecraft and reverse - engineered it .
SK : What did you find inside Nasa ?
GM : One of these people was a Nasa photographic expert , and she said that in building eight of Johnson Space Centre they regularly airbrushed out images of UFOs from the high - resolution satellite imaging .
What she said was there was there : there were folders called " filtered " and " unfiltered " , " processed " and " raw " , something like that .
I got one picture out of the folder , and bearing in mind this is a 56 k dial - up , so a very slow internet connection , in dial - up days , using the remote control programme I turned the colour down to 4bit colour and the screen resolution really , really low , and even then the picture was still juddering as it came onto the screen .
But what came on to the screen was amazing .
It was a culmination of all my efforts .
It was a picture of something that definitely was n't man-made .
It was above the Earth 's hemisphere .
It kind of looked like a satellite .
It was cigar - shaped and had geodesic domes above , below , to the left , the right and both ends of it , and although it was a low - resolution picture it was very close up .
This thing was hanging in space , the earth 's hemisphere visible below it , and no rivets , no seams , none of the stuff associated with normal man-made manufacturing .
SK : Is it possible this is an artist 's impression ?
GM : I do n't know ...
For me , it was more than a coincidence .
This woman has said : " This is what happens , in this building , in this space centre " .
I went into that building , that space centre , and saw exactly that .
SK : Do you have a copy of this ?
It came down to your machine .
GM : No , the graphical remote viewer works frame by frame .
It 's a Java application , so there 's nothing to save on your hard drive , or at least if it is , only one frame at a time .
SK : So did you get the one frame ?
GM : No .
SK : What happened ?
GM : Once I was cut off , my picture just disappeared .
SK : You were actually cut off the time you were downloading the picture ?
GM : Yes , I saw the guy 's hand move across .
SK : You acknowledge that what you did was against the law , it was wrong , do n't you ?
GM : Unauthorised access is against the law and it is wrong .
SK : What do you think is a suitable punishment for someone who did what you did ?
GM : Firstly , because of what I was looking for , I think I was morally correct .
Even though I regret it now , I think the free energy technology should be publicly available .
I want to be tried in my own country , under the Computer Misuse Act , and I want evidence brought forward , or at least want the Americans to have to provide evidence in order to extradite me , because I know there is no evidence of damage .
Nasa told Click that it does not discuss computer security issues or legal matters .
It denied it would ever manipulate images in order to deceive and said it had a policy of open and full disclosure , adding it had no direct evidence of extra-terrestrial life .
