With the loads of big companies and licensed MMOs on the horizon , sometimes smaller , independent titles can slip through the cracks .
When Quest Online invited MMORPG.com out to Phoenix to see Alganon , I honestly had no idea what to expect .
I knew it was a cartoony looking game with a strange name , but not much else .
What I found was one of the most pleasant surprises I ’ve had in quite some time .
Alganon should be very familiar to MMO fans .
It ’s not revolutionary in any way , which is unto itself a bit of a revolution .
Quest Online is a small , privately funded company based out of Phoenix , but unlike many such companies , while they have grand dreams and aspirations , they ’ve clearly focused on a very solid , stable and attainable MMO for a team of their size ( about 40 people ) .
“ [ Alganon is an ] MMOG that is n’t biting off more than we can chew , but that still provides people with what they want , ” said President and Co-Founder David Allen as he demonstrated the game and the tools that built it .
At launch , hopefully later this year , Alganon will feature two races and four base classes ( that eventually expand into 12 ) .
It ’s a level based game , chalked full of quests and is set in a traditional fantasy world that visually clearly owes a lot of inspiration to World of Warcraft , but fictionally evokes memories of EverQuest and other more traditional fantasy .
It ’s also a subscription based game .
Allen was very clear about this fact .
Alganon was developed as a subscription game and that is what they feel works best .
They have no urge to change that , and despite pressure from potential publishers and investors , they ’ve remained true to that goal .
The most unique aspect of Alganon is their class system .
Players begin with one of four very basic classes :
Ranger :
They ’re exactly what you ’d expect , with a bit of a twist .
On top of ranged damage and support , they also specialize in anything related to what Lead Designer Hue Henry calls “ AI manipulation . ”
Things that trick , confuse or confound NPC enemies .
: They ’re exactly what you ’d expect , with a bit of a twist .
On top of ranged damage and support , they also specialize in anything related to what Lead Designer Hue Henry calls “ AI manipulation . ”
Things that trick , confuse or confound NPC enemies .
Soldier :
This is the single target tank class .
Sword and board , or two - handed weapons .
: This is the single target tank class .
Sword and board , or two - handed weapons .
Magus :
The area of effect ( AOE ) , damage per second ( DPS ) class should be very familiar to casters from any MMO .
: The area of effect ( AOE ) , damage per second ( DPS ) class should be very familiar to casters from any MMO .
Healer : Guess what ?
They heal .
So what ’s unique about this ?
Nothing … yet .
Quest Online knew what people expected and wanted from a fantasy MMO , so they did n’t reinvent the wheel for no reason .
Each of these classes does exactly what you would expect them to do and will continue to do that over the course of their entire career .
What ’s unique is the next twist .
They wanted to let each person make the class their own , and so they ’ve allowed each of the three classes to sub-specialize in a second field and those are not always what people might expect .
The idea is that no matter what they do in this second category , they will always be perfectly effective in their core role .
This means people do n’t need to worry that the Soldier that just joined the group cannot tank .
He can .
The question becomes , what else can he do ?
They ’ve broken it down into three sub-specialties per class .
Players can choose to mix and match , but ideally , they would go 100 % into a specific category , which essentially just provides a second full skillset without any sacrifice to the first .
These specialties are :
Soldier :
On top of their single target DPS skills they can specialize in :
Tactics :
This tree provides the soldier with buffs that help himself and the group .
: This tree provides the soldier with buffs that help himself and the group .
Weaponry :
For the more offensive tank , they gain additional DPS abilities .
: For the more offensive tank , they gain additional DPS abilities .
Protection :
This line lets a tank become a multi- target tank and absorb even more damage to protect the group .
Magus : Aside from their AoE DPS role , they can specialize in :
Frost : A Frost Mage can … wait for it … tank .
That ’s right , the Tank Mage is back .
: A Frost Mage can … wait for it … tank .
That ’s right , the Tank Mage is back .
Fire :
This focuses the Magus on a role as a single target offensive force .
Ideal for bringing down an individual enemy .
: This focuses the Magus on a role as a single target offensive force .
Ideal for bringing down an individual enemy .
Storm : Buffs and debuffs get added to the magical arsenal .
Ranger :
These woodsmen can augment their support and AI manipulation as follows :
Guardianship :
This breed of Ranger gains the ability to become a multi-target tank .
: This breed of Ranger gains the ability to become a multi-target tank .
Lifeblood : A ranger who takes this path learns the arts of natural healing .
: A ranger who takes this path learns the arts of natural healing .
Instinct :
For more offensive flair , get some DPS skills in your bow .
Healer :
Do n’t want to just stand back and watch health bars , but for some reason chose healer anyway ?
Spirit Mastery : A DPS driven option for the Healer that lets him not only give life , but take it away .
: A DPS driven option for the Healer that lets him not only give life , but take it away .
Channeling :
These guys add buffs to their healing arsenal .
: These guys add buffs to their healing arsenal .
Divination :
For group oriented healers , this lets people heal more than one target at a time .
Obviously , some of these are expected and some of them are not , but this solves an age old problem for MMOs .
It lets people create a character that matches their desired play style , but does n’t make it confusing or leave the possibility for a player to gimp their core role .
With this system , a potential group always gets what it expects and usually has some redundancy .
Another nice feature is the Studies system .
Alganon took a page from EVE Online and made some of the game ’s progression offline in origin .
This system works in conjunction with traditional advancement and lets players study , in real time behind the scenes , to improve in specific areas .
This balances things out and lets more casual players who might not have thousands of hours to dedicate to keep up with their comrades .
Studies predominantly take on two forms .
They can either gate content , such as studying to unlock a new ability or chain of quests , or they can be used as an alternative to another form of advancement , such as studies that improve stats .
Map of Ardonya
One of the areas where the size of the team likely did hold them back is races .
For launch , Alganon will only feature two races , each on their own side and on their own landmass .
The humans are the core option .
They represent the Asharr , one of two sides .
They are exactly what you ’d expect and begin their careers in the the Asheran Forest on in the Southwest of Ardonya .
For launch , the game will have two enormous domains for them to explore : Asheran Forest and Haggon Marsh , to the Northeast .
At a glance , that does n’t sound like much .
This is just two of many areas on the planned map , but after extensive exploration and tours , it is obvious that the areas are large and varied .
There is a wealth of content that should keep people entertained for quite some time and given the Quest Online team to expand organically outward in much the same way Lord of the Rings Online expands their world through free updates .
Eventually , on the Asharr side , the Humans will be joined by the Sylvan , Dronar and Kodian races .
The Sylvan are a magical , ethereal race .
They are not quite the traditional elves , although they are in tune with nature .
The Dronar have a lot in common with generic fantasy Dwarves , their a hardy race from the deep North , but physically they are extremely large and built .
Finally , the Kodian are an animal race , in this case bears .
They ’re a bit more naturalist and make wonderful Rangers .
The Low Expectation Guide to Clunker Gun Restoration
( Some Minor Gun Restoration Advice ) Neither Guns and Shooting Online nor the author assume any liability for accidents , injury , hurt feelings , disappointment , anger , or befuddlement from the use or misuse of this information !
By Randy D. Smith
A few dollars invested in some simple materials and hard work can turn an old clunker into a respectable looking firearm .
I like to work with old rifles and shotguns .
I enjoy many of them for their unique styling and for some it is just for the curiosity of seeing what it is like to use them .
I like to purchase rough old firearms and try to restore them as much as possible .
Some of my early attempts were disasters and a few of my later jobs have been successful .
Some of these guns I have kept .
Most I have sold .
I have even turned a nice profit on a couple of them , but mostly minor gun restoration is a labor of love and a pleasant winter hobby .
Little more should be expected from it .
I want to share a few tips with you that I have learned the hard way .
Beginning with the Right Gun
An alternative title for this section would be , " have low expectations and you wo n’t be too disappointed . "
I believe that one of the best guns for a beginner to try to restore is a simple , single shot , break action shotgun .
There are thousands of them on the used gun market and they have very little monetary or collector value .
If you mess up ( and you probably will ) , you have not lost much .
Choose a gun that is still sound with a solid action , reliable trigger , properly functioning hammer and a solid stock .
Look for a gun that is cosmetically poor but mechanically sound .
Do not bite off more than you can chew .
A lot of these guns belong in the scrap heap and parts bin anyway .
Better guns that I ’ve enjoyed working with are older .30 - 30 bolt action Stevens , Springfield and Savage ( Model 340 ) carbines , old .22 rifles , early pump action Mossberg and Remington shotguns , already sporterized WWI and WWII bolt action military rifles and a few old double barrel shotguns .
I look for rifles and shotguns with good bores , sound mechanics and perhaps a few missing insignificant parts such as magazines , trigger guards , sights and butt pads .
I steer away from any guns that have problems with chambering or shooting rounds , bad bores , Damascus or twist barrels , unknown calibers , or broken stocks that can not be easily replaced .
If I shoot or sell a restored gun , I want it to be safe .
Most dealers will advise that any old rifle or shotgun should be examined by a competent gunsmith before it is fired .
That is excellent advice and it should be followed .
It is also advice that is largely ignored .
Competent gunsmiths are rare and good ones are usually overworked and behind schedule .
However , if you notice anything unusual or suspicious about an older gun ’s mechanics , back away from it until / unless it can be examined by an expert .
Do not send your time and money down a rat hole and , I might add , a dangerous rat hole to boot !
Another critical element of any old military rifle is that you must be absolutely sure of the caliber and proper cartridge for it .
Many of these rifles have been converted to other rounds and the new calibration should be plainly marked on the barrel .
If it is not , do not shoot it .
Any time you suspect or are unsure of the caliber of an old gun , you absolutely MUST have it checked to authenticate the proper cartridge .
This is often done by careful measurements and sometimes by slugging the barrel and it takes an expert to properly read a slug or know what a calibration measurement means .
It is for this reason that I stick to common calibers with an easy to verify history .
I like .22 , .30 - 30 , 8X57 mm Mauser , .30-06 and a few other common calibers for minor restoration work .
I am not a gunsmith ; I am a hobbyist .
There is a big difference between the two .
Hopefully , you realize that this article is dealing strictly with minor cosmetic restoration and repair .
I limit myself to surface work and do not deal with mechanical repair .
Cost Versus Expectations
Before you read on , I have one other proviso for your consideration .
Very seldom will you get away with an investment of less than $ 300 ( 2008 price ) in any restoration project .
A recent example of mine : I bought a Remington Model 74 Sportsman .30-06 in rough condition with " see through " scope mounts and a 4 x
Tasco scope in fair condition for $ 180 .
Not a bad price for a mechanically sound clunker .
I then spent $ 14 for a new front sight ( with shipping from Brownell ’s ) and $ 62 with shipping for a Ram Line synthetic replacement stock from Midway USA .
I proceeded to use less than $ 10 worth of chemicals and supplies to restore it .
When I was finished , I felt I had a decent project outcome for around $ 270 .
I am not happy with the scope and a new , low priced 4 - power scope can be had in several brands for around $ 45 with shipping .
That puts the total project at $ 301 .
A new synthetic stock Mossberg 100ATR in .30 - 06 can be had for around $ 335 and with that same scope and steel rings , the whole rig will cost you around $ 385 .
You get a new gun with a new guarantee and , I know from experience because I own several , it will deliver excellent hunting accuracy .
The Mossberg wo n’t be very pretty , but then neither is my restored Model 74 .
They are functional hunting rifles .
On the other hand , a new up scale sporter rifle will run at least $ 600 and probably closer to $ 700 .
If you love old guns , as I do , and like tinkering with them , the choice is easy .
If you want a showpiece that will last a lifetime , spend the money for the upscale rifle and / or the professional restoration of a family heirloom .
( If you are serious about the latter , contact Rocky Hays , our Gunsmithing Editor - - see the banner at the bottom of this page .
- Ed. )
Cold Bluing
Cold bluing is an inexpensive way of dressing up the worn bluing of an older gun .
Cold bluing is effective only on guns of normal carbon steel .
Professional hot bluing jobs are expensive and generally are not cost effective for a clunker gun .
What do I mean by that statement ?
If I have a three or four hundred dollar used rifle with a bad or neglected finish , I would invest a hundred dollars in a good , professional blue job .
If I had a Ruger # 1 , a collectable Husqvarna , or any rifle with potentially above average value , I would not cold blue it other than for minor spot bluing .
No matter how hard you try , you cannot recreate the rich , blue / black color of a professional bluing job .
Cold blues create a thin , metallic look or a dull black finish and it is very difficult to keep the finish even over large surface areas .
The real value of cold bluing is to touch up small , worn spots .
Alternatively , you can take an older gun of little value and improve its appearance .
There is also no reason to spend a hundred dollars bluing a gun that will not bring at least twice that amount , unless it simply has sentimental value .
With that said , I have cold blued old guns and enjoyed satisfactory results .
( Remember the low expectations statement I made earlier ! )
I have turned two hundred dollar guns into three hundred dollar guns with cold blue , but before I had experimented and developed a procedure , I have also turned one hundred dollar guns into one hundred dollar guns and a bad finish into a poor one .
This is why you should experiment with a gun of little value .
You need a few basic supplies before beginning a cold blue job .
You need : Latex or rubber gloves .
After you begin the process , you must not touch any part of the metalwork with bare fingers .
The oils in your fingers will affect the bluing .
A good supply of cotton balls and cue tips .
Buy plenty .
They are inexpensive and none should ever be used more than once .
A large bottle of fingernail polish remover ( pure acetone is the best ) .
I have a three - year - old bottle , use it liberally , and still have plenty for future projects .
A box of 000 steel wool .
Your chemicals – rust and bluing remover , a bottle of cold blue .
Gun oils – I like a good grade of regular gun oil and I like to use Ballistol oil for certain jobs ( more about this later ) .
Make sure the gun is unloaded and remove the stock .
Do not do this with the stock left on .
You will be sorry .
There are rust and blue removers .
These are harsh chemicals and you need to follow instructions .
Once you go down this road , work the metal until as much old bluing is removed as possible .
Anywhere you have old bluing spots , they will show up in the reblued finish .
I use steel wool and / or fine grit sand paper .
I work these areas briskly .
The other route is to remove a much of the rust as possible using Ballistol oil and steel wool without totally stripping off the old blue .
I do n’t know what is in Ballistol oil , but it is the best oil that I have used for this purpose .
Allow the oil to work on the rust and repeat the process until you have removed as much surface rust as you feel you can .
You will not get all of it and there will be some scarring in places .
Wipe all metalwork with acetone to remove as much oil residue as possible ( I wear my rubber gloves from this point on ) .
I use cotton balls and exchange them often .
At this point , you may want to heat the metal .
In the summer , I like to set the gun out in the sun for a while .
I have also placed guns in an oven set on " warm " for a while .
Heat seems to open the pores of the metal and it takes the bluing much better .
If you are just spot bluing , use a swab that is similar in size to the damaged area .
I like cue tips or even toothpicks for this .
Do not get carried away with removing large areas of blue around minor scratches or dings .
Try to keep bluing attempts limited to the size of the damage .
Apply the solution as evenly as possible and with only one pass .
I wipe the solution on slowly trying to keep the area flooded with chemical .
After the tough - up bluing is applied , I immediately work the fresh chemical with steel wool to even it out and prevent a mottling effect in the finish .
I repeat this step of applying bluing and immediately working the chemical with steel wool several times , always using fresh cotton balls and fresh bits of steel wool .
I prefer to work for a dark black dull finish on bluing jobs and it takes several coats .
The darker it gets the less effect each coat has , but each coat has an effect and you can gain some additional darkening .
Normally I put on at least seven coats .
If after several coats of bluing there are spots that just refuse to darken , start over by sanding the area with fine sandpaper of 320 or 400 - grit .
Sand as small an area as possible .
When I have a level of bluing that I can live with , I apply a good grade of gun oil to the metal and allow it to season for at least twelve hours .
I do not use Ballistol oil for this .
I ’ve seen it literally remove my bluing .
Notice that I do not use water to wash off the chemical .
I prefer leaving the oil on without washing off the chemical .
During that twelve hour period I will remove the oil with cotton balls at least three times and replace it with fresh oil .
I am washing the chemical with oil .
Most people do not do this step , but I do and I believe it makes a big difference in the richness of the color .
Stock Work
Most of the time I replace a badly worn stock with a new one .
Most of them have length of pulls that are too short for me , anyway .
I prefer using synthetic stocks , but good replacement wood stocks are available .
How much you sand and finish a stock is completely up to you .
I have used Boyd 's replacement stocks and been quite satisfied with virtual inlet level stocks for replacement duty .
I ’ve also been satisfied with a number of Bell and Carlson Carbelite , Hogue , Ram - Line and Choate stocks on various guns .
The main piece of advice I have to mounting any replacement stock is to remove parts of the inside of the stock as much as possible and the outside of the stock as little as possible .
Sand , file or cut the inside of the stock to achieve the proper fit .
With every stock I ’ve used the outside dimensions were accurate and it only took a little interior work to make a proper fit .
Any time I enlarged an outside surface opening for a magazine , trigger guard or tang , I regretted it because it was the wrong place .
I should have done it internally and I did not have a satisfactory exterior fit when I was finished .
Go slowly and carefully .
If you do not have the patience to do this , pay to have it fitted by someone who knows what they are doing .
Only Beginner ’s Level
This is only beginner ’s level restoration .
I am not a craftsman or a gunsmith , I am a hobbyist .
However , I have restored several rifles and shotguns and turned a profit on a few of them .
The main lessons I want to close with are : choose a gun that is easy to restore and worth restoring ; take your time and do not get impatient ; expect to make mistakes ; work your restoration in stages so that failures are not too costly .
If you do and you love old guns , you may enjoy an interesting hobby and produce some decent results .
Barack Obama 's speech on Monday to Wall Street outlines an overhaul of the regulatory regime .
On the anniversary of the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , politicians from both sides of the Atlantic are looking to remodel capitalism .
The thirst for greater regulation is strong , united around Gordon Brown 's judgment that " laissez - faire has had its day … the old idea that the markets were efficient and could work themselves out by themselves are gone " .
The notion that the present financial system is " laissez - faire " is , of course , ludicrous .
At present , we have a nationalised organisation that holds a state - granted monopoly on the issuance of currency .
If this were any industry other than finance , the Bank of England would be seen as the Soviet - style planning board that it is .
Defending laissez - faire is therefore not a defence of the status quo ; it is a positive prescription for a totally new regime .
Here are three courses of action that would liberalise the banking system :
1. Legalise insider trading .
The regulators have failed spectacularly .
They did not foresee the systemic risk created by excess credit creation and over - leveraging , and it would be naive to expect any single organisation to steward an entire industry .
Demonising hedge funds and banning short - selling miss the point since these are the ultimate protest vote for market participants .
The meltdown of a year ago would not have happened had protesters been truly able to act on their knowledge ; legalising insider trading would allow asset prices to integrate as much information as possible .
2. Repeal legal tender laws .
When sovereigns control currency , they debase gold coins to augment their own coffers .
When politicians control currency , they print money to monetise their debts .
Even by giving control to independent central banks , we have n't found a way to protect the value of money , since there is still a monopoly provider with an incentive to inflate .
The best form of consumer protection is competition , and commercial institutions should be allowed to offer currency to allow markets to determine the most effective medium of exchange .
3. Eradicate crony capitalism .
The official narrative is that when Lehman Brothers failed , it sparked a crisis of such proportions that state action was the only way to prevent another Great Depression .
But as we start to learn more about what went on behind closed doors , things become murkier .
The haphazard manner in which some banks went bankrupt and others were bailed out probably has more to do with personal networks than economic necessity .
But even if you have faith in the government to exercise its powers in the public interest , it simply does n't have the knowledge to act .
It 's understandable that Hank Paulson put more emphasis on Wall Street than on conservative banks that spend less on lobbying , because that 's the world he lives in .
For the rest of us , these deals create regime uncertainty and weaken the power of markets .
These radical proposals challenge conventional wisdom and , in doing so , manifestly demonstrate that the present system is not laissez - faire .
We have just scratched the surface of a free - market alternative , and critics have an intellectual obligation to admit this .
Let 's open the debate to a free market in money .
Baby on car
click to enlarge .
Image : Sydney Hope
For his birthday , Davide drove around with a " baby " in a baby seat , " forgotten " on top pf my car
Lots of people , especially parents , thought it was n't funny , not at all !
The cops were notified , and the Daily Camera reported on it .
It was picked - up by the wire services , and distributed to other papers .
Halloween lights
Image : Alek Komarnitsky
Alek had a lot of people convinced they were turning the lights on and off on his Halloween display through his website
In reality , they were just switching between two images , one with the lights on , one with the lights off
The following year , people really could control the lights , but by now they did n't believe him
Halloween lights prank site
There was a rumor back in March about the Acer A1 and how it was due to be released this September …
Well it might be late but it will be here soon .
Â
One can find it listed as available on pre-order at Expansys ( France and Germany ) with some specs :
â€¢ Processor : Qualcomm 8250 768 MHz â€¢ Operating System : AndroÃ¯d 2.0 ( Donut ) â€¢ Memory : ROM : 512 MB / RAM : 256 MB â€¢ Display : 3.5 - inch touch - sensitive screen with WVGA resolution â€ ¢ Network : HSPA / WCDMA : 850 , 1900 , 2100 MHz – Up to 2 Mbps up - link and 7.2 Mbps down - link speeds
Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE : 850/900/1800/1900 MHz
( Band frequency and data speed are operator dependent ) â€¢ GPS : Internal GPS antenna â€¢ Connectivity : BluetoothÂ® 2.0 with Enhanced Data Rate and A2DP for wireless stereo headsets
Wi-FiÂ® : IEEE 802.11 b/g
3.5 mm audio jack â€¢ Camera : 5.0 megapixel color camera with auto focus â€¢ Battery : Rechargeable Lithium-ion battery
Capacity : 1350 mAh
Talk time : Up to 300 minutes
Standby time : Up to 400 hours
( The above are subject to network and phone usage ) â€¢ Expansion Slot : microSDâ „ ¢ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible ) â€¢ Dimensions ( LxWxT ) : 115 x 62.5 x 12.5 mm â€¢ Weight : 135 grams with battery
Expansys is generally reliable , they do n’t have any dates yet but a price : 389.99 euro , a very good price for a device without a contract .
So , we are really going to get all these promised devices .
EDITOR NOTE :
In regards to the OS , the specs you see are a copy / paste from Expansys .
These were not transcribed and appear exactly as they are on Expansys .
China has the money to begin cleaning up a subcontinent fouled by 30 years of unsupervised industrial development .
But how much is it actually doing ?
Russia ’s prime minister , Vladimir Putin , visited Beijing in October , and many agreements were signed .
Trade between Russia and China is around $ 60 bn annually and oil is a lot of that .
Most of it currently arrives by rail , but a new 15 million ton pa pipeline is expected to enter service by the end of 2010 .
China ’s natural gas demand is expected to triple by 2030 ( 1 ) and the Chinese would also like to import large amounts of natural gas from Russia .
The framework agreement being negotiated would make China the biggest single customer for natural gas from Gazprom ( Russia ’s monopoly ) ( 2 ) .
However , that is contingent on an elusive settlement over the price of gas .
Once that agreement is reached , several years will be needed to build pipelines .
In parallel to these negotiations , a 6,500 - km long pipeline from Turkmenistan is nearing completion , to bring 30bn cubic metres of natural gas to China .
China ’s appetite for fossil fuels has been growing steadily .
One day after Putin ’s visit , an agreement was signed between Chinese and Kazakh prime ministers to increase the capacity of the Kazakhstan - China oil pipeline from 10 m to 20 m tons a year .
The growth in demand is such that China will become the world ’s largest energy consumer within five years .
This is besides the climbing production of China ’s main source of fossil fuel : coal .
During the past 35 years , Chinese coal consumption has jumped six - fold , to nearly 2.5 bn tons annually , over 40 % of global coal consumption .
This level of fossil fuel utilisation causes huge amounts of carbon dioxide emissions : statistics show China ’s total CO2 emissions surging ahead , even beyond US levels .
Emissions diplomacy
The US and the UK now agree that climate change is related to carbon dioxide emissions and limiting them will not be possible unless the Chinese can be convinced to join in reducing them .
One dominant idea is to capture CO2 and store it in underground geological formations .
But market technology for this is not available , and testing technology is expensive ; not all who profess their faith in this procedure to want to fund its development , and there are numerous legal issues over risks and liabilities .
Who owns and is therefore responsible for the behaviour of the CO2 stored underground ?
About 30 employees of the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) are trying to convince Beijing to reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
The FCO has co-opted British academics , and Chatham House , home of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , has mobilised engaging young negotiators to talk to the Chinese on the subject .
But China suffers the stresses of balancing power generation capacity with sharply rising demand for electricity .
Are people who cannot use electrostatic precipitators because the grid needs more power likely to listen to arguments about CO2 emissions ?
The old Chinese official line was that suppressing CO2 emissions would be too expensive , but Beijing is now image conscious .
The Chinese participate in climate change discussions and sophisticated negotiators agree with western delegates in being concerned about the greenhouse effect .
Yet coal fired power stations are being constructed , rapidly , and there are about 40 projects in development for building coal gasifiers .
These produce a combustible gas mixture used to generate electric power or synthesise chemicals .
Many of these aim to replace gasifiers nearing the end of their useful lives , but some are for new installations .
Most coal utilisation emits trace amounts of mercury , arsenic , lead , cadmium and selenium , highly toxic materials ; when coal consumption reaches billions of tons , something has to be done .
In nearly all installations in China ( and elsewhere in the world , including the US ) , most of the mercury and selenium are released into the atmosphere .
In North America , US mercury settles in pristine northern Canadian lakes , where authorities are beginning to take measures .
Other trace elements are released into the terrestrial , often underground , environment .
Pollution of ground water is widespread and not just in China .
Eco-city satellite
In Beijing , the government is beginning to show concern towards environmental disasters , and to showcase that concern , for instance in the “ Dongtan project ” .
Chongming Island and its two neighbours are near the mouth of the Yangtze River , about an hour ’s ferry ride from central Shanghai .
The islands became famous in 2004 when it was decided they would anchor a tunnel and bridge system linking the eastern tip of Shanghai ’s PuDong district with Jiangsu province across the river .
The project included the construction of Dongtan , the “ eco-city ” satellite intended to house half a million affluent young people .
Much was made of Dongtan ’s intended energy self - sufficiency at a meeting on Chongming in summer 2006 .
I did my sums and reported that it was unlikely that Dongtan and associated installations could produce more than a fraction of its energy and power requirements .
( I was surprised that my report was received calmly . )
The immense shadow of a power station looms on the Jiangsu shore , but Dongtan is still showcased as a symbol of China ’s desire to clean up .
I asked an energy guru at Shanghai Jiaotong University why there was no interest in the millions of tons of raw sewage currently dumped in the river .
Changing that would be low - tech , but it would be cheap , effective and improve public health .
He looked at me intently before disappearing among the crowd of delegates ; he returned half an hour later , and said : “ I talked to the man from the ministry .
He says this is an interesting idea . ”
Surely I did n’t discover the elephant in the room ?
Recent reports from villages near smelting plants in Fujian province note high levels of lead ( lead poisoning ) in the blood of children ; there are similar reports from Hunan and Shaanxi .
The catalogue of industrial and urban pollution in China is vast , and the Chinese estimate 10bn tons of accumulated municipal waste has been dumped in the countryside .
There is a 21 m - ton steel plant , with coke ovens and blast furnaces , within the city limits of Taiyuan , capital of Shanxi province in north - central China .
Even near Beijing , power stations do not operate existing dust capture facilities ( electrostatic precipitation ) because the power they need is needed even more by the grid .
Before the 2008 Olympics , the sun was barely visible in Beijing ; some improvements made for the Olympics have been retained .
The Chinese government is starting to notice adverse public reaction to environmental disasters .
China combines unique levels of environmental pollution with an immense portfolio of US government bonds .
It has the money , but the clean up has barely started .
The frustrated environmental czar recently appointed in Beijing freely briefs against the system .
Those who have watched Chinese development argue that it ’s time to approach the Chinese authorities over public health , especially that of young Chinese .
It will cost money but China has money .
The Chinese authorities might have to remember the old motto that helped shape present - day China : “ serve the people ” .
The price of sugar on global commodity markets has doubled since the beginning of the year and is close to a 28 - year high as hedge funds and speculators jostle to bet on the possibility of an international shortage of the world 's favourite natural sweetener .
For financiers seeking adrenaline - driven price lurches , sugar has become the new oil .
Historically , raw sugar has traded at between 10 and 12 US cents per pound at the New York Board of Trade .
But the price briefly touched 24.85 cents last month , its highest since 1981 , and sugar is now hovering around the 23 cent mark .
The rise has come amid a broader commodity boom .
Metals and energy rose sharply today as the dollar weakened and global stockmarkets moved higher .
There are some solid underlying reasons for the upward lurch in the price of raw sugar .
Heavy rain has disrupted milling in the world 's largest producer of sugar , Brazil , where a sizeable portion of sugarcane has been diverted from food use into ethanol fuel .
Meanwhile the biggest consumer of sugar , India , has had a dismal monsoon season and has gone from being a net exporter of sugar to an importer .
" The key premise has really come from Brazil and India , " said Sudakshina Unnikrishnan , a commodities analyst at Barclays Capital .
" The bulk of the problem lies in inclement weather conditions . "
The London - based International Sugar Organisation predicts that global consumption of sugar will outstrip production by 9 m tonnes next year , forcing food companies and governments to dig into stockpiles .
In the US , snack manufacturers including Mars , Nestlé and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts urged the Obama administration to relax import controls , warning the US could " virtually run out of sugar " .
Experts say the spectre of a rapidly moving price has attracted the attention of hedge funds seeking to make a short - term speculative buck .
Tom Mikulski , a senior strategist at the futures broker Lind - Waldock in Chicago , said : " When a market starts to heat up like sugar has , you do see a lot of trend - following funds jumping on the bandwagon . "
In the City , on the trading floor of the derivatives exchange NYSE Liffe , the volume of trades in white sugar contracts jumped by 40 % from 145,554 in August to 204,662 in September .
A political outcry over speculation pushing up oil prices last year has encouraged some funds to shift their attention to agriculture futures – in typically lower - profile , less - noticed trading pits .
" It does n't draw the attention of regulatory authorities like maybe energy does , " said Steve Platt , a futures strategist at Archer Financial Services in Chicago .
" There has been some movement of index funds into a heavier concentration on sugar . "
Those with a sweet tooth should not panic .
In the EU and US , the sugar market is protected .
Prices are controlled in Europe to protect the interests of sugar beet farmers .
US authorities allow only limited imports to support the domestic agricultural sector .
Sergey Gudoshnikov from the International Sugar Organisation predicted most shoppers will pay little attention anyway : " It 's a miniscule part of a consumer 's income .
Turn and ask the people sitting around you , do they know how much sugar costs .
Unless they have a very , very good memory , they will not . "
Genital Cutting
Nobody should consent to genitally cutting a baby who has not seen it .
A survey of historical and present - day cutting and crushing instruments , and what can go wrong using each of them .
Lists of
Hygiene
Who dares to be in favour of dirt ?
Facts about bacteria .
Disease
Circumcision is said to prevent or cure ...
" A Field Guide for the Modern [ Intact ] Male " an artistic version of how one young man successfully eased his ( unusually tight -- phimotic ) foreskin back
Motivation to cut
The psychology of cutting ; Circumcision as a memeplex ; Prejudice against intact men ;
The grim determination of some people to cut ; Circumsurdities -- absurd claims for male genital cutting ; Circumfetishism , the sexualisation of genital cutting .
Money
Evidence that doctors promote cutting out of greed .
The declining rate of Medicaid cover .
The real cost of cutting .
A cost-utility analysis of cuttingâ€ ” it 's a loser .
DOWNSIDES
Complications
Risks and damage , up to and including loss of the penis and death .
The autopsy reports on a Canadian baby who died of blood loss another when his urethra was blocked by a PlastiBell TM
Short of death , bleeding leads to many near - death crises .
The pain of male genital cutting has long - term effects and is only partially relieved by anaesthetics .
A report from the AAP recommends avoiding painful procedures , but fails to mention the commonest painful procedure .
Circumcision may hinder Breastfeeding .
Circumcision vs
Breastfeeding
PDF format
For those who think male genital cutting improves the appearance and is invariably harmless , there 's a gallery of pictures of circumcisions .
One man 's multiple botches .
Side - by - side comparison of the intact and circumcised penis : you can see the difference ( NSFW ) .
THE WORLD
Some people imagine infant male genital cutting is universal in the western world .
They should see the map of its prevalence worldwide .
The same page shows maps of the prevalence and legality of Female Genital Cutting ( FGC ) and of recognition and protection of Intersexed people .
Predominantly intact countries :
New Zealand A presentation and an article .
From being very rare in the 1950s , intactness is now commonplace .
An intact New Zealander celebrates .
( .wav file , 103KB )
Australia
In Australia four boys in five are now left intact some states , more than 19 in 20 in others .
The Netherlands Non-religious circumcision has never been known in the Netherlands .
Het geÃ¯nformeerdeg besnijdenisbeleid van KNMG
The Royal Dutch Medical Association's
enlightened circumcision policy
A Dutch documentary ( with English subtitles ) " Mama waaram ben ik besneden ? "
( Mum , why was I circumcised ? )
by Michael Schaap
covers most of the main issues â€ ” shows several circumcisions , not for the squeamish
Mexico A guide ( en espagnol ) from the National Center for Health Technology Excellence , with input from the institutions that make up the National Health System , says " Circumcision of boys should not be done without medical indication . "
Sweden ( pÃ¥ svenska )
The first country to regulate male circumcision See Items from Sweden , most in Swedish and English .
The Pacific Practices vary widely in Polynesia , Melanesia and Micronesia .
Predominantly circumcising countries :
U.S.A .
The United States is the only country in the world that surgically modifies a majority of its boy babies .
Korea From unknown , circumcision has become almost universal in Korea in the last 50 years .
Iran Infant male cutting is routine , even for boys whose parents are not Muslim .
An article in Farsi ( Persian ) ( NSFW
)
The Philippines A traditional ritual for boys has become medicalised in the Philippines without the need for it ever being questioned .
Myths are rampant .
Yemen Justified by appeal to Islam , a report of Yemeni circumcision from 1921 details a particularly brutal variant ( an answer to " but FGM is much worse " )
REPRESENTATION -- how male genital cutting is perceived
Silence - the normalisation of male genital cutting by ignoring the foreskin
Mass media
Circumcision episodes on TV sitcoms , soaps , talk shows and in movies .
" That Thing " - - common themes in TV shows .
Books
Books about , or with significant parts about , circumcision or the foreskin
The foreskin and circumcision in literature , mainly fiction
" Mutilation "
Why circumcision may be called " mutilation "
AT THE OTHER END OF THE KNIFE
Doctors ' organisations
The American Medical Association 's policy statement on circumcision is weighed in the balance ( and found wanting ) .
It agrees with the recommendation of the American Academy of Pediatrics .
The stark contrast between the AAP statements on circumcision and Female Genital Mutilation
The statements of the American Urological Association and the American Association of Family Physiciansâ € ” both ethically barren
Nurses
Advice for nurses questioning circumcision
Midwives
The serious bias towards circumcision of a leading US midwifery textbook , including a chapter telling midwives how to do it ( yet it details the disadvantages of each method ) -- analysed and contrasted with a British textbook .
Famous hippie guru midwife Ina May Gaskin used to cut babies and has never renounced it .
This video calls on her to do so :
Female Genital Cutting
Female circumstitionsâ€ ” bad reasons to cut a girl
The AAP 's 2010 policy on FGC compared with its 1999 policy , and its 1999 policies on FGC and MGC compared .
A chart comparing circumcision with Female Genital Cutting ( FGM / FGC ) .
The UN definitions of the types of FGM / FGC A doctor defends FGM .
A study showing FGM does not impair the frequency of women 's sex ( nothing about the quality ) .
The circumcision A loving Malaysian mother 's blog about her daughter 's surgical FGC
Labia pulling
Episiotomy A form of Female Genital Cutting still common in the US .
Breast - ironing
Another cruel sexually - related female mutilation , practised in parts of West and Central Africa .
Intersexed people and non-consensual gender - assignment .
Castration Mozart , Handel , Rossini and Gluck wrote music for castrated singers , and Allegri was one .
This was as accepted in Italy in 1600 - 1860 as circumcision is in the US today .
And beyond the genitals , infant circumcision compared with footbinding and uvulectomy ( removal of the uvula that hangs down at the back of the mouth )
by Brett Stevens on July 14 , 2009
Life provides a metaphor in this story about a sign that got vandalized in Las Vegas :
The famed “ Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada ” sign greeting visitors to the vacation destination has red graffiti scrawled across it .
Tourists who discovered the defacing said they were disappointed and planned to digitally remove the graffiti from their souvenir photos .
FOX
The problem with individuals ( not humans per se ) is that they can choose to recede into their own minds , and edit reality there so that it makes them feel better .
Like drug use or drinking , this is backward logic .
Instead of changing reality to be better , you change your perceptions of it to be less accurate but also , less threatening to you as an individual .
When one person starts doing this , others emulate if for no other reason to keep up .
When it becomes a cornerstone of a society , we talk a good game about freedom , equality , diversity and justice , but really what we all mean is the unfettered ability to keep receding into our own minds .
There we are safe from being wrong or dying .
Of course , life is tricky .
The really worst stuff that people do takes years , decades or even centuries to manifest itself .
If you do something horrible in 1980 , expect to see it becoming clear only around 2020 .
That is , if you ’re talking on the level of social change .
This article popped into mind when I read the rather exasperated rant of someone just figuring out how bad the problem is :
Our belief in everything has been shattered by a series of shock revelations that have shaken our core to its core .
You ca n’t move for toppling institutions .
Television , the economy , the police , the House of Commons , and , most recently , the press … all revealed to be jam - packed with liars and bastards and graspers and bullies and turds .
And we knew .
We knew .
But we were deep in denial , like a cuckolded partner who knows the sorry truth but tries their best to ignore it .
Over the last 18 months the spotlight of truth has swung this way and that , and one institution after another was suddenly exposed as being precisely as rotten as we always thought it was .
The Guardian
We do n’t like to think about it , but we endorse this con because we can afford to put up with it , do n’t want to get involved where an angry mob might tear us apart , and we want something to keep the other idiots busy while we are busy doing whatever we find important .
So we tacitly approved the con and passed the buck on to the next generations .
I do n’t think things are falling apart in the way Charlie Brooker wants us to think they are .
Remember , the bigger something is , the more slowly change happens .
Instead of a big bang , we ’re looking at a slow decline .
And why ?
Because instead of fixing the object in the photo , we ’re editing the photo in our heads .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
VOICE ONE :
This is Phoebe Zimmerman .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Doug Johnson , with science in the news , VOA Special English program about recent developments in science .
Today , we tell about some emergency medical methods known commonly as first aid .
( Theme )
VOICE ONE :
First aid is the kind of medical care given to a victim of an accident or sudden sickness before trained medical help can arrive .
First aid methods generally are easy to carry out and can be taught to people of all ages .
Learning them is important .
Knowing how to treat someone in an emergency can mean the difference between life and death .
VOICE TWO :
Each year , thousands of people die after eating or drinking poison substances .
Experts say most accidental poisonings happen in or near the home .
And most are caused by substances commonly used at home -- medicines , insect poisons , or cleaning fluids .
There are several common signs of poisoning -- a sudden feeling of pain or sickness , burns in the area of the mouth , or an unusual smell coming from a person 's mouth .
Health experts generally advise poison victims to drink water or milk .
They say , however , to never give liquids to someone who is not awake or to those having a violent reaction to the poison .
Next , seek help from trained medical experts .
Save material expelled from the mouth for doctors to examine .
Save the container of the suspected poison to answer questions the doctors may have .
The container may also describe the substance that halts the poison 's effects .
Use this substance without delay .
VOICE ONE :
The American red cross says all homes should have at least three substances to deal with poisoning .
One , syrup of ipecac , is a fluid that helps the body expel material from the stomach .
Another , activated charcoal , lessens the danger of poisons .
The other material , epsom salts , helps to speed the release of body wastes .
All three should be used only on the advice of a medical expert .
VOICE TWO :
The red cross says expulsion of material from the stomach -- vomiting -- sometimes may be started if medical advice is delayed .
But it says vomiting should be used only when it is known the victim took too much of what is called a general poison , such as a medicine .
The experts say never cause vomiting if the victim was poisoned by a petroleum product or by a substance that was a strong acid or a strong alkali .
These victims should be taken to a medical center as soon a possible .
( music )
VOICE ONE :
Many emergency medical methods are simple and easy to carry out .
For example , several years ago , a five - year - old boy in the American state of Massachusetts was playing with a young friend .
Suddenly the friend stopped breathing .
A piece of candy was stuck in her throat .
The boy remembered a television program where the same thing had happened .
He also remembered what people on the television program did to help the person who had stopped breathing .
The boy quickly used the same method on his friend .
The candy flew out of the girl 's throat .
She was breathing again .
The young boy had saved his friend 's life .
VOICE TWO :
The simple method used by the five - year - old boy is called the Heimlich maneuver .
It was developed by an American doctor , Henry Heimlich .
The Heimlich maneuver can be done in several different ways .
If a choking victim is sitting or standing , you should stand directly behind him .
Put your arms around the victim 's waist .
Make one of your hands into the shape of a ball , and place it over the top part of the stomach , below the ribs .
Next , put one hand over the other and push in and upward sharply .
Repeat the method until the object is expelled .
A choking victim who is on the floor and not awake should be rolled on his or her back .
Place the bottom of one hand over the upper part of the stomach .
Put the other hand over it and push in quickly with an upward movement .
Repeat this until the object is expelled .
( Music )
VOICE ONE :
A method called cardiopulmonary resuscitation -- CPR -- can save the victims of heart attacks , drowning and shock .
These people are suffering what is called cardiac arrest .
C - P-R is designed to increase the natural ability of a person 's heart and lungs .
Experts say it greatly increases the chances that a heart attack victim will survive .
If you see a victim of cardiac arrest , first position the victim 's head and neck so that the air passages are not blocked .
If the person is not breathing , start a method called mouth - to - mouth resuscitation .
Press shut the victim's nose as you place your mouth over the victim 's mouth .
Blow into the victim 's lungs .
The first two such breaths should last about one - and - one - half seconds each .
VOICE TWO :
If there is no heart beat , attempt to re-start the victim 's heart by pushing down on the victim 's chest .
Place one hand over the other , and push firmly on the victim 's breast bone .
Push down the person 's chest about five centimeters , at a rate of about eighty to one - hundred times each minute .
If you are working alone , you must do both jobs .
Breathe two times into the victim 's mouth for every fifteen times you push down on the chest .
( Music )
VOICE ONE :
Health experts say even the smallest cut in the skin lets bacteria enter the body .
So they urge correct treatment of all wounds .
If the bleeding is not serious , the wound should be cleaned with soap and water .
Then , cover the wound with a clean cloth , gauze or other kind of dressing .
If the bleeding does not stop quickly or if the wound is large , put pressure directly on the wound .
Place a clean cloth on the wound and hold it firmly in place .
A hand may be used if a cloth cannot immediately be found .
If this does not stop the bleeding , push the supplying blood vessel against a nearby bone .
This still may not stop all the bleeding .
So , also put pressure directly on the wound .
There are two places , or points , on each side of the body where pressure is most often useful .
If an arm or hand is bleeding , the pressure point is on the inner part of the upper arm , between the elbow and the shoulder .
Bleeding from a leg wound can be slowed by pressure to the blood vessel at the front , inner part of the upper leg .
VOICE TWO :
If an arm or leg is seriously damaged , a device called a tourniquet may be used to stop the bleeding .
It should be used only when bleeding threatens the victim 's life .
A tourniquet may be made with any flat material about fifty millimeters wide .
It could be a piece of cloth , or a belt .
However , a rope or wire should not be used because they damage the skin .
Place the material around the arm or leg , between the wound and the body , and tie the ends together .
Then , put a stick in the tied knot .
Turn the stick slowly until the flow of blood stops .
The stick can be held in place by another piece of cloth .
A tourniquet may be left in place for one or two hours without causing damage .
VOICE ONE :
When a wound is thought to be infected , let the victim rest .
Physical activity can spread the infection .
If medical help is delayed , treat the wound with a mixture of salt and water .
Add nine - and - one - half milliliters of salt to each liter of boiled water .
Place a clean cloth in the mixture .
Then , remove the extra water from the warm cloth and put the cloth on the wound .
Be careful not to burn the skin .
VOICE TWO :
The first aid methods described in our report can be done by persons with no medical education .
But experts say some training is desirable .
This will help make sure the techniques are done safely and effectively .
First aid skills are taught in many parts of the world by groups such as the red cross or red crescent .
To learn more , talk with health experts in your area .
( Theme )
VOICE ONE :
This Science in the News program was written and produced by George grow .
This is Phoebe Zimmerman .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Doug Johnson .
Join us again next week for more news about science in Special English on the Voice of America .
-----
This Science Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
Director 's Corner The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs Director , Simonetta Di Pippo , leads the Office in implementing its unique mandate within the United Nations Secretariat to promote international cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space .
Read more
Access to Space for All Access to Space for
All enables communities from all over the world to use and benefit from space technologies and applications thanks to the cooperation among established space actors , the United Nations and non or emerging space entities .
Read more
Space for global health Space applications provide innovative tools to improve global healthcare , and the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs helps all countries access this potential .
Learn more in our new page on space for health .
Read more
MORE SUPPORT FOR ENERGY REFORM ….
Eventually , the Senate will shift its attention to the House - passed American Clean Energy and Security Act ( ACES ) , also known as Waxman - Markey .
And when it does , the debate will begin with quite a bit of support for the Democratic approach .
With hope for Senate action on the energy bill dimming , advocates are aiming to prod reluctant senators with a new survey taken in swing states showing strong support for the legislation .
In a poll obtained by POLITICO of likely 2010 voters in 16 states , many of them home to targeted senators , 63 percent of those sampled said they supported the energy bill while only 30 percent said they opposed the measure .
Further , 60 percent of respondents said they would be more likely to vote for their senator if he or she supported the bill while just 26 percent said they ’d be less inclined to re-elect their senator for backing the “ American Clean Energy and Security Act . ”
The liberal Center for American Progress Action Fund commissioned the poll , which was taken by veteran Democratic pollster Joel Benenson , who is also President Barack Obama ’s pollster .
It was conducted in Alaska , Arkansas , Indiana , Maine , Michigan , Missouri , Montana , North Carolina , Nevada , North Dakota , New Hampshire , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Virginia and West Virginia .
This comes just a week after a Washington Post - ABC News poll found similar results .
In that poll , nearly six in 10 support the changes proposed by Democratic policymakers ; a majority support a cap - and - trade system ; and a plurality believe energy reform will create jobs .
And while these results are no doubt encouraging , I still have to wonder whether these numbers can be sustained .
As I joked last week , the coal industry and Fox News are probably going to start telling Americans that energy reform will require child sacrifices and human cannibalism .
Soon after , the Council on American Goodness will runs ads saying that President Obama ’s energy policies will make it illegal for families to use the bathroom .
That ’s ( probably ) an exaggeration , but the point is , the public ’s attitudes are on the right track for now .
These polls do n’t measure depth of support , however , and we have no idea how many people who currently support progressive energy policies will change their mind after seeing a scary 30 - second ad warning of dire consequences .
Right - wing activists and corporate interests have learned how to shake up the policy landscape , and they ’re not above making up garbage .
I ’m glad the numbers on energy look good , but it ’s going to take some work to keep the numbers where they are .
Most people who work in hiring know the difference between employees and contractors .
Employees are people who are employed by your business for the long term , while contractors usually only work for a set amount of time on a specific job .
Some businesses are even required to do background checks in some industries , like those related to national security .
Why should you be considering contractor screening so important ?
Well , there are several reasons why you should be background checking anyone who does work for your business in any capacity .
Let ’s get you familiar with a few reasons that you should be thinking about .
Why is Screening So Important ?
Whether it is for contractors , employees , short term freelancers , or another working situation entirely , for the sake and safety of your business and operations , you should always background check the people you consider hiring .
While you should be background checking everyone regardless of their position , you should especially make sure you background check people applying for jobs where they handle money or privileged information .
Here are some of the most important reasons you should be background screening everyone :
· You want to make sure the person is who they say they are
Unfortunately in this day and age , fraud and identity theft are on the rise .
This means that some bad actors are applying for jobs with stolen information so they can evade the system .
Comprehensive background screens can help you ensure your applicants are the person they are claiming to be .
· You do n’t want the wrong person in a high position
Background checking is especially important for positions where there is money handling , classified company information , or management involved .
You ’ll be able to know if the person has ever been in trouble with the law , which will help you make informed decisions when deciding who to hire .
· You can verify the applicant is proficient in their skills
You do n’t want to hire someone who ’s only ever been a janitor to a position that requires experience in brain surgery .
Making sure your applicant has the experience they claim is another great thing background screening solutions are helping with .
You can easily see their past work history and get in touch with previous employers and references .
Background screening is important for businesses around the country to continue to hire the right players for their team .
If you ’re ready to take your hiring process to the next level , then you should be considering bringing it into the digital age with these new background checking solutions .
Andrew Strauss has said the England management team will " look at " the team 's use of football as a practice method after Joe Denly suffered an injury in a warm - up game today .
The 23 - year - old Kent batsman had to be carried off The Oval pitch this morning after a tackle from Owais Shah which left him on crutches with an injured knee .
He is now expected to miss the first one - day international against Australia tomorrow .
The incident is sure to raise questions over whether a contact sport such as football should form part of the team 's pre-match preparations , particularly after Matt Prior suffered a back spasm playing football ahead of the fourth Ashes Test at Headingley .
Strauss admits there needs to be a review of the team 's warm - up methods .
" The reason we play football is that it 's something the guys enjoy and it gets the blood flowing , " the England captain said .
" We feel , or certainly had felt , if it 's played sensibly the chance of getting injured is very slight .
Unfortunately it has happened today and if people are going to get injured playing it , we 've got to look at it .
" Up to this stage we have never had anyone missing cricket through playing it .
You 'd like to think players would be sensible enough in the warm - up not to take it too far .
When we do play football we have a ' no tackling ' rule .
Any injury is not ideal , you want a full squad to choose from . "
Malachi Constant , " the richest man in America , " gives up his indulgent lifestyle to follow an urgent calling to probe the depths of space .
He participates in a Martian invasion of Earth , mates with the wife of an astronaut adrift on the tides of time , and follows the lure of the " Sirens of Titan . "
Jarrette Schule was cutting down trees on his rural property Tuesday in Comal County north of San Antonio when he noticed a green metallic tube on the muddy ground .
“ I had never seen it before , ” said Schule , a 34 - year - old Web developer .
“ I looked at it , and it kind of looked like a missile launcher . ”
Schule took a closer look .
It was a long , forest - green metal tube .
A decal on it read : “ Guided Missile and Launcher , Surface Attack . ”
The discovery was the start of a surreal journey for Schule .
Somehow , an unarmed anti-tank weapon — or a very good fake — wound up on his land at Beck Road and Kirk Lane in the Hill Country , miles away from a military installation .
The launcher was deep in the wooded property far from the road , in an area he was familiar with .
“ I do n't know if it fell out of something or if somebody just dumped it , ” Schule said .
“ There 's some crazy whitetail hunters around here .
Maybe they 're going overboard ? ”
Schule 's property in Comal County is vacant , and he did n't want to leave a missile launcher unattended .
So he loaded it in his truck and took it to his house in the North Side neighborhood of the Ridge at Lookout Canyon .
Touching and moving the launcher was a mistake , even if it was unarmed , a spokesman for Fort Sam Houston said .
Old military ordnance can be dangerous .
But Schule spent Tuesday afternoon calling the FBI , Homeland Security , the Sheriff 's Department — every agency he could think of .
He was stuck in a bureaucratic limbo .
“ Everyone was handing it off to everybody else , ” Schule said .
He was surprised at the amount of work it took to get the military to pick up its lost missile launcher .
Schule initially was nervous when he found the weapon .
But as the hours passed , he did what most guys would do — marvel at the mind - blowing awesomeness of finding a missile launcher .
He posted photos on Facebook and called his buddies , saying : “ Guess what I found ? ”
Schule called the military police at Fort Sam .
But their jurisdiction does n't extend off the post .
Schule 's information was passed along to an Army criminal investigator , who visited Schule on Wednesday morning — about 19 hours after he started making phone calls .
The special agent walked into the house and saw the launcher sitting on the dining room table .
“ She said this is the first time she ever encountered anything like this , ” Schule said .
“ I got the impression it was kind of a big deal .
Does n't happen every day , I guess . ”
The decal on the launcher has a 13 - digit “ National Stock Number , ” which is used to identify military equipment .
The stock number is a match for launchers that fire Dragon surface - to - surface missiles , according to a database maintained by the U.S. Defense Logistics Information Service .
The launcher was built in December 1996 .
The Dragons , first manufactured in the 1960s , last were used in combat in 1991 's Operation Desert Storm .
They were replaced by the Javelin missile system and finally discontinued in 2006 .
Military officials were unable to say Wednesday who last had the launcher and when it was lost .
The launcher has a serial number that can be used to track the chain of custody .
That will be part of the military 's investigation , said Phil Reidinger , spokesman for Fort Sam .
At Schule 's house , he and the Army investigator had to wait for about three more hours for an ordnance disposal team from Lackland AFB to confiscate the weapon .
The team arrived at about 1 p.m. Wednesday and retrieved the device , ending a crazy experience for Schule .
“ I thought just driving down the road , someone would just know that I had a missile launcher in my truck , ” Schule said , laughing .
“ You think that way about the government .
“ But really , you have to make an effort for them to come get their missile launcher . ”
Mr Hampton told The New York Times that the senator helped find him work in a bid to put the affair behind both families and provide the Hamptons with a living .
Earlier , it was reported that the couple were given $ 96,000 ( £ 60,000 ) by the senator 's family to go quietly .
dest - unreach / socat
socat - Multipurpose relay
Abstract
what : " netcat + + " ( extended design , new implementation ) OS : AIX , BSD , HP -UX , Linux , Solaris e.a. ( UNIX ) lic : GPL2 inst : tar x... ; ./ configure ; make ; make install doc : README ; socat.html , socat .1 ; xio.help ui : command line exa : socat TCP6 - LISTEN:8080 , reuseaddr , fork PROXY : proxy:www.domain.com:80 keyw : tcp , udp , ip v6 , raw ip , unix - socket , pty , pipe , listen , socks4 , socks4a , proxy - connect , ssl - client , filedescriptor , readline , stdio , exec , system , file , open , tail -f , termios , setsockopt , chroot , fork , perm , owner , trace , dump , dgram , ext3 , resolver , datagram , multicast , broadcast , interface , socket , sctp , generic , ioctl
What 's new ?
2020-01-05 : Socat version 1.7.3.4 fixes a few bugs most of which were regressions , see CHANGES .
All people that sent feature contributions or recommended new features : Sorry , this is only a bug fix and porting release .
Please be patient !
History
2019 -04-06 : Socat version 1.7.3.3 fixes a couple of bugs and porting issues , see CHANGES .
2017-01 - 25 : Socat version 1.7.3.2 fixes uninterruptable hang / CPU loop on host resolution problems , some compile problems , and lots of other bugs and porting issues ( socat - 1.7.3.2.tar.gz , socat-1.7.3.2.tar.bz2 , socat -1.7.3.2.patch.gz ) .
2016-02-01 : Socat security advisory 7 and MSVR - 1499 : " Bad DH p parameter in OpenSSL " and Socat security advisory 8 : " Stack overflow in arguments parser " are published , fixes available in socat - 1.7.3.1.tar.gz and socat-2.0.0-b9.tar.gz .
2015 -04-06 : Socat version 2 beta 8 ( or bz2 ) fixes the possible denial of service attack ( CVE - 2015 - 1379 ) , contains all fixes introduced up to 1.7.3.0 and corrects a few version 2 specific issues .
2015 -02-08 : Actual corrections to version 1.7.3.0 are available in git repository git://repo.or.cz/socat.git , branch fixes .
2015 -01 - 24 : Socat version 1.7.3.0 fixes a possible denial of service attack ( CVE - 2015 - 1379 ) , improves SSL client security , and provides a couple of bug and porting fixes , see CHANGES .
Download gz or bz2
2014-03-09 : Socat version 1.7.2.4 contains fixes for most of the bugs and porting issues reported or found in more than two years .
Download gz , bz2 , or patch
2014-01 - 28 : Socat versions 1.7.2.3 and 2.0.0 - b7 fix a security issue : socats PROXY - CONNECT address was vulnerable to a buffer overflow with data provided on command line ( CVE - 2014-0019 , advisory ) .
Fixed versions are 1.7.2.3 and 2.0.0 - b7 .
Patches are available in the download area .
2013 -05 - 26 : Socat versions 1.7.2.2 and 2.0.0 - b6 fix a security issue : Under certain circumstances an FD leak occurs and may be misused for denial of service attacks against socat running in server mode ( CVE - 2013 -3571 , advisory ) .
Fixed versions are 1.7.2.2 and 2.0.0 - b6 .
Patches are available in the download area .
2012-05 - 14 : A heap based buffer overflow vulnerability has been found with data that happens to be output on the READLINE address .
Successful exploitation may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the socat process ( CVE - 2012-0219 , advisory ) .
Fixed versions are 1.7.2.1 and 2.0.0 - b5 .
Patches are available in the download area .
2011 -12-05 : socat version 1.7.2.0 allows tun / tap interfaces without IP address and introduces options openssl - compress and max -children .
It fixes 18 bugs and has 11 changes for improved platform support , especially for Mac OS X Lion , DragonFly , and Android .
2011-05 - 29 : Michael Terzo provided a patch that fixes the compile error of socat 2.0.0 up to b4 on non-Linux systems .
2010 - 10 - 03 : Vitali Shukela provided a patch that allows to use the original target address of an accepted connection in a socks or proxy address .
2010 -08 - 02 : A stack overflow vulnerability has been fixed that could be triggered when command line arguments were longer than 512 bytes ( CVE - 2010 - 2799 , advisory ) .
Fixed versions are 1.7.1.3 and 2.0.0 - b4 .
See socat security advisory 2 for details .
2009 - 04 -04 : the third beta version ( 2.0.0 - b3 ) of socat version 2 is ready for download .
It contains all new bug fixes and features of 1.7.1.0 ( plus fix : setenv , see below ) and introduces the possibility to integrate external programs in address chains ( see doc/ socat - addresschain.html and doc/socat-exec.html ) .
Get it !
You can download socat 1.7.3.4 in source form ( .gz , .bz2 ) .
Feel free to check the md5 or sha256 hashes .
Git repository containing socat 1.6.0.0 and all later version 1 releases is available .
There is a page with socat patches and contributions .
Documentation
Classical documentation :
Mini tutorials :
Contact
The Obama administration has disavowed statements from an “ anonymous adviser ” that , according to a CNBC reporter , said the White House feels bloggers need to “ ” take off their pajamas ” but many in the blogosphere are n’t buying the White House denial .
CNBC ’s John Harwood quoted the nameless White House adviser in a report Sunday night about whether Obama is concerned about criticisms of his administration from some in the GLBT community and other progressives .
ADVERTISEMENT
Harwood said : “ … If you look at the polling , Barack Obama is doing well with 90 % or more of Democrats so the White House views this opposition as really part of the ‘ ” internet left fringe , ' ” in the Sunday night segement .
“ And for a sign of how seriously the White House does or does n’t take this opposition , one adviser told me today those bloggers need to take off their pajamas , get dressed and realize that governing a closely divided country is complicated and difficult . ”
White House Senior Communications Adviser Dan Pfeiffer shot down the unattributed statements in an e-mail Monday morning to The Plum Line ’s Greg Sargent , but some bloggers believe the anonymous statements reflect the true feelings of many Obama officials .
Salon ’s Glenn Greenwald said in a post that the “ only thing remarkable about the comments Harwood passed on is that anyone would be surprised by them . ”
Greenwald noted the administration ’s “ particular disdain for any instruments — blogs , marches and protests — which the White House cannot control , which exist independent of the tightly coordinated , Rahm - dominated “ veal pen ” messaging system to which so many leading progressive organizations have meekly submitted themselves in order to ensure their own continued access , funding and future career options within the Democratic establishment . ”
Jane Hamsher of Firedoglake notes the president himself has said “ that blogs are n’t reliable , and dismissed bloggers as ‘ people shouting at each other across the void . ’ ”
ADVERTISEMENT
” In this case — as frequently happens — “ anonymity ” was requested by the White House for the purpose of saying something that they did n’t want to publicly own — for good reason , ” Hamsher wrote .
John Aravosis of Americablog echoed the same theme .
“ There is a pattern of disdain for , and distrust of , the blogs that started with the Obama campaign two years ago , and now has extended into the Obama White House , ” he wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pam Spaulding of Pam’s House Blend said the comments repeated by Harwood are “ an insult to people like me ( and readers ) , who know how complicated governing and legislating are . ”
“ SOMEONE needs to take responsibility for the statement because it is someone ’s POV , one believed to be widely held by insiders about progressive bloggers , but never articulated so boldly , ” Spaulding said in her post .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I blog and work a full time job , at the expense of my own health , not to be a muckraker , but to make a difference , ” Spaulding said .
“ If someone has a different perspective and dismisses me outright , I do have a right to be angry and demand someone own their statement .
When I say something it ’s straight up , you mean to tell me no one has the stones to own their opinions up there ?
That ’s pathetic .
Anonymous or not , the statement ’s out there now for all to see . ”
Susan Davis reports on politics .
South Carolina Republican Rep. Joe Wilson , who faces a formal rebuke from his colleagues this week for shouting “ You lie ! ” at the president during a joint address to Congress , said he would offer no further apologies .
“ I have apologized to the president , I believe that ’s sufficient , ” Wilson said in an interview on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
House Democratic leaders said they would offer a resolution this week to formally admonish Wilson , unless he apologizes on the House floor , which he has said he would not do .
“ It ’s going to be tough because I respect my colleagues , ” Wilson said of the resolution .
“ I respect civility and I promote civility in every way , particularly on the House floor . ”
Except for last Wednesday , when Wilson called President Barack Obama a liar during the part of the president ’s speech when he said the health - care overhaul would not provide coverage to illegal immigrants .
Attention to the issue has prompted Senate negotiators to revisit the issue to make sure there are provisions in place to make sure illegal immigrants do not get federally subsidized coverage .
“ I think , and I did n’t mean to do this , but I certainly brought attention to ” the issue , Wilson said .
The vote on the resolution is likely to reignite partisan tempers .
“ It will be a disgrace if they do some stunt in the House to try to humiliate this man , ” said conservative commentator Bill Kristol , also on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
UPDATE 11:52 a.m. : Wilson released a statement on the resolution : “ The American people are fed up with the political games in Washington , and I refuse to participate in an effort to divert our attention away from the task at hand of reforming health insurance and creating new jobs .
Having apologized on Wednesday to the White House , we agreed that we must move forward in a civil manner to do the work the American people have sent us here to do .
Health insurance reform is too important to take a backseat to political partisanship . ”
[ T ]he whole plant , instead of rising to the surface of the water as hitherto , hung limp from the fissure where it was placed , and trailed upon the sand .
Coincidently , ( was it consequently ? ) a greenish tinge pervaded the water , speedily increasing in depth and opacity .
In five days , no object could be discerned six inches from the glass , and my beautiful Aquarium was transformed to an unsightly ditch .
— “ My Aquarium , ” The Atlantic , 1858
For as long as man has tried to keep an aquarium , he ’s been struggling to keep it clean .
This unavoidable aspect of the hobby was immediately evident on entering the 21st Annual Marine Aquarium Conference of North America in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Put another way , do n’t go to a marine aquarium conference expecting a kind of bustling World ’s Fair of tanks and fish and crabs and shrimps and snails and undulating seaweed .
You ’re only setting yourself up for disappointment .
Of course if that ’s what you expected , then MACNA XXI was n’t probably for you in the first place .
If , however , you maintain a marine ( or saltwater ) aquarium , then MANCA is like Christmas in September : an annual celebration when you can be excused for throwing financial caution to the wind and coming home with halide lights and calcium reactors and computerized aquaculture monitors .
Such gadgets are what make the hobby possible .
At first glance an aquarium looks like a tiny piece of the ocean brought into the home — a slice of the natural world transported to a rec room or a pediatrician ’s office or a restaurant bar .
But the creation of such a naturalistic scene is a highly mechanical process .
This is not a recent development .
The keeping of fish and other water creatures is itself a millennia - old practice , the sea long being one of the planet ’s most inaccessible and therefore fascinating ( and often frightening ) environments .
The Greeks and Romans maintained fresh - and saltwater ponds .
Around the 10th century , the Chinese began keeping goldfish as pets — a practice that spread to Japan and in the 16th century to Europe and , two centuries later , to the United States .
Creating saltwater aquaria proved trickier .
Of course anyone could throw some marine fish and invertebrates into a glass tank ; keeping them alive was a different story .
A 10 - year - old today can buy a cheap electric water filter , affix it to the back of a tank , and watch as water is drawn in , pulled through a white - fiber and cotton filter , and gently , pleasingly trickled back out onto the water surface .
Thanks ,
Anna Thynne !
She ’s the British marine zoologist who in 1846 discovered that transferring water between canisters for 45 minutes oxygenated the water sufficiently to keep her corals alive .
A few years later , London chemist Robert Warington discovered that the right combination of oxygen - producing plants and oxygen - consuming animals could create a self - sustaining system .
Philip Henry
Gosse came up with the term we use today , publishing The Aquarium : An Unveiling of the Wonders of the Deep Sea in 1854 and kicking off the British aquarium fad among Victorians , fish and crabs joining canaries and ferns and shells in the living rooms of those 19th - century obsessors for anything natural .
Not that its unnaturalness went unnoticed .
Writing in the American Naturalist in 1876 , aquarium supply dealer William Alford Lloyd noted the hobby ’s inherently technological nature .
“ Aquarium work , being hydraulic engineering on a small scale , is essentially the work of an engineer and not that of an architect , ” Lloyd wrote , “ unless he is also an engineer and a mathematician . ”
Industrial innovations including the increasing affordability of glass , the development of artificial saltwater , and transportation innovations that made the shipment of marine organisms across greater distances meant that over the next century , aquariums moved into more and more homes , further and further inland .
At MACNA , these engineering tools included light fixtures and de-ionizers and pumps and skimmers and wave machines and chemicals to cure fungus , ulcers , milky skin , raised scales , fin rot , tail rot , mouth rot , and bulging eyes .
Any romantic notion of the sea and the life contained within was unapparent here in the windowless main hall of the Atlantic City Convention Center .
I watched , for example , a presentation on light levels from a professor of industrial and manufacturing engineering .
He used graphs of spectral irradianance ( watts / m^2/ nm ) vs. wavelength ( nm ) to help explain the process of collecting light data .
If marine aquarium hobbyists are not outwardly romantic , they are unabashedly passionate .
In an article in the latest Reef Hobbyist Magazine entitled “ Preparing to Leave Your Tank ” , a writer laments that , sigh , there are times when aquarist and aquarium will be separated as “ summer vacations and holiday excursions with family are , for many , a necessary part of life . ”
Many would indeed like to turn their hobby into a living , which is n’t as easy as it may initially seem to the saltwater enthusiast .
The competition is stiff .
Overhead is high .
In a talk on how to find your professional way , Steven Pro — a 15 - year vet of the ornamental aquatics industry , as the field is called — had a word of warning for those in the audience who thought ,
Oh would n’t it be nice to open an ornamental aquatics retail store .
“ I ’ve seen a ton of guys lose their jobs in IT and open a store , ” he said .
“ Whenever I see one , I think Dead Man Walking .
I can see three years into the future and he ’s divorced and lost his house . ”
•
It ’s a big business , to be sure .
According to the United Nations , an estimated 1.5 to two million people maintain saltwater aquaria around the world ; the trade in fish and coral and invertebrates is anywhere from a $ 200 to $ 330 million industry .
But wait , you may be saying :
Why is the United Nations keep statistics on a hobby ?
These are clown fish , not blood diamonds , you think .
True .
But the the keeping of marine plants and animals has surprisingly strong social and environmental consequences .
In a 2003 survey — From Ocean to Aquarium : The Global Trade in Marine Ornamentals — the United Nations Environment Program ’s World Conservation Monitoring Center found that 20 million tropical fish representing 1,471 species are harvested for aquaria every year , largely from Southeast Asia for buyers in Europe and the United States ; 12 million corals , and nine to 10 million crustaceans and mollusks come out of the seas each year , too .
The trade provides much - needed jobs in poor nations :
In Sri Lanka , the industry involves 50,000 people and annual revenues of $ 5.6 million .
But unsustainable harvesting — both in terms of the number of animals captured and the way in which they ’re obtained — can threaten the fragile but ecologically important coral reefs as well as the much - needed source of income for these struggling nations .
In many Southeast Asian countries , for example , collectors use squirt bottles filled with a cyanide mixture , which they shoot into reef crevices .
The chemical stuns fish , making their capture easier , but it also damages the reef and can potentially kill the fish , necessitating the capture of even greater numbers .
The theme of conservation ran through the Atlantic City show .
Among the few living things sold at MACNA were small fragments of coral , or “ frags . ”
You know how a spider plant puts out those babies that you can cut and put in a glass of water ?
The creation of frags is a similar process ( though a bit more complicated ) .
Generally , small polyps are cut from a larger coral colony and attached to a rock using rubber bands or glue .
The process helps reduce the demand for wild - harvested coral .
At the show , dealers like Artisan Coral and Mr. Coral had wide , shallow tanks filled with rows of frags under UV lights .
The light highlighted the Day - Glo reds and yellows and greens of the tiny corals ; most dealers would hold a purchased frag for the buyer until the three - day show ’s end , though some attendees come with their own tanks that they set up back in their hotel rooms .
All this time and money , technical equipment and technical know - how , to make an aquarium , to gain the privilege of viewing an idealized scene of nature in the comfort of one ’s home .
“ I could spend the day in showing you my Aquarium ; — the merry antics of the blithe Minnows ; the slow wheeling of the less vivacious Sticklebacks ; the beautiful siphon of the Quahaug and the Clam , ” wrote that anonymous Atlantic author back in 1858 , describing the tank after weeks - long efforts restored the microcosm to its crystal glory .
The aquarium is in many ways like lush Hudson River paintings , or National Park vistas , or botanical gardens — created or conserved or contextualized , they ’re all manufactured tableux of the natural world .
Humans are marginalized in these scenes , welcome to look on but as detached observers .
Intruders , not integral parts .
The overtly technical nature of the aquarium may make it seem at first glance as the weakest of these types , then .
With its exposed pump systems and artificial lights and faux wood finishes , it is the most honest about its humans origins and could therefore seem the least effective celebration of the natural world .
Yet that element is also an overt symbol of just how difficult it is to make even a 20 - gallon facsimile of the environment .
Water in the tropics is a luminous blue , but water at home can turn cloudy in a day .
Sunlight makes those warm water seas sparkle , but at home it can give you a thick sheet of algae .
Maybe the best tribute to nature is an honest acknowledgment of just how difficult it is to recreate it .
Not that the marine aquarium community seems likely to stop trying anytime soon .
Among the dealers on the trade show floor was a booth for MACNA XXII , which will be held in Orlando , Florida in 2010 .
Representatives for that show passed out mouse - ear hats and gave visitors press - on temporary tattoos .
For the rest of the show , attendees walked up and down aisles with palm trees on their cheeks and necks , already excited for next year ’s pumps and filters and long ultraviolet light bulbs before this year ’s had even sold out .
• 5 October 2009
In 1993 Florida State quarterback Charlie Ward won the Heisman Trophy by 1,622 points , which at the time , was the second - largest margin of victory in Heisman history .
The following year Ward was selected in the first round of the NBA Draft by the New York Knicks and is still the only Heisman winner to play in the NBA .
POLICE are launching a national manhunt - with a $ 1 million reward - for a man they believe ordered the murder of self - proclaimed " Vampire Gigolo " Shane Chartres - Abbott .
Authorities are expected to issue the bounty today for help in finding Mark Adrian Perry , who they believe is behind the shooting in June 2003 .
An arrest warrant is also understood to have been issued for Mr Perry - the former boyfriend of a woman Chartres - Abbott allegedly raped and assaulted .
Detectives believe Mr Perry ordered the execution of the self - proclaimed vampire male prostitute who was gunned down in Reservoir in daylight .
The Sunday Herald Sun can also reveal the cunning fugitive knows he is a wanted man , is a master of disguise and has escaped police attempts to question him .
The former butcher and bouncer has been on the run across Australia for two years .
The Victorian has been seen in Queensland , where he has lived .
He has also resided in Western Australia , the Northern Territory and Thailand .
" Perry is elusive and skilled at avoiding police , " a police source said .
" He is likely to be living under an assumed name and may have changed his appearance .
" Perry is extremely adept at staying below the radar .
He 's well connected and has the ability to travel in and out of Australia illegally .
" He is well aware that we want to talk to him about this murder . "
Mr Perry had broken up with the Thai victim of Chartres - Abbott and had started a relationship with another Thai woman - who he had a child with - when his ex-girlfriend was allegedly attacked .
" No doubt Perry was very emotionally affected by the rape .
He felt personally responsible , having ended his relationship with her shortly before it happened , " a police source said .
" His thinking was , ' If she had still been with me , then this never would have happened ' . "
Mr Perry 's ex-girlfriend was , like Chartres - Abbott , a sex industry worker and the gigolo 's occasional lover .
The woman had met Chartres - Abbott for sex at the South Yarra 's Saville Hotel in August 2002 , but instead became the victim of a vicious assault and rape .
She had bite marks on her thigh , black eyes , a bruised neck and jaw and up to 5 cm of her tongue removed , believed bitten off .
She was found by staff naked , bloodied and unconscious in the hotel room 's shower .
The woman told police Chartres - Abbott had claimed to be a 200 - year - old vampire who had been in Melbourne before the city was built and drank blood to live .
DURING his trial , his defence lawyer claimed she was attacked by someone else after Chartres - Abbott fled because she warned him he was going to be killed in a snuff movie .
But her phone was found in Chartres - Abbott 's bag and her blood on his clothes .
Furious about her treatment , Mr Perry , is believed to have delved into the underworld to recruit for his revenge .
Police believe Mr Perry reached out to a crim he knew who contacted a veteran Victorian killer who allegedly carried out the hit with a fellow assassin .
The 28 - year - old $ 105 - an - hour gigolo was gunned down by the gangland pair and left dead in the street on June 4 , 2003 , the day he was due to appear in court on his rape and assault case .
One of the pair attacked Chartres - Abbott 's pregnant girlfriend and her father as a distraction while the other shot their target in the neck .
The veteran killer ultimately informed on his partner , told of police involvement in the killing and led authorities to the murder weapon hidden at a Geelong beach .
Sources said the missing Mr Perry might have changed his looks , be using a fake name and could have false travel documents .
He is believed to have dropped contact with his daughter and five siblings since going on the run .
The bizarre vampire murder allegedly involved former and serving Victoria Police officers .
The gangland killers were also responsible for the executions of Lewis Moran and Lewis Caine .
Corruption probe Operation Briars has investigated claims the veteran killer spoke to an ex-cop associate David " Docket " Waters for a better address for his target .
Authorities are also investigating whether Mr Docket , in turn , contacted a friend in the force , Det - Sgt Peter " Stash " Lalor .
The veteran killer claimed Det - Sgt Lalor also helped him fake an alibi for the vampire killing .
The veteran killer gave himself up over outstanding driving offence arrest warrants to Det - Sgt Lalor at Prahran police station later on the day of the killing - in a alleged ruse meant to deflect suspicion .
Further investigations into police corruption surrounding Chartres - Abbott 's death have led to big upheavals in the force .
Paul Mullett , then the police union secretary , was accused of tipping off Det - Sgt Lalor that his phone was bugged .
It was claimed the then Sgt Mullett phoned union secretary Insp Brian Rix , telling him to warn Lalor to be careful about what he said to people .
Insp Rix and Det - Sgt Lalor met outside the Police Association and Lalor later allegedly warned his ex-cop mate Waters to keep his head down .
But a charge against Sgt Mullett of attempting to pervert the course of justice was not pursued .
And two charges of perjury , arising from evidence he gave to the Office of Police Integrity hearings , were dropped .
Former Assistant Commissioner Noel Ashby still faces a perjury trial for allegedly lying to the OPI .
The OPI claims Mr Ashby leaked to Sgt Mullett that Det - Sgt Lalor was a target in the murder investigation .
Police are expected to announce the $ 1 million reward - the fourth of its size in the state - today .
Mr Perry , from Reservoir , could be anywhere in Australia or overseas .
He was seen in Queensland at a Broadbeach cafe with another person of interest to the investigation in August 2007 , days before he fled .
" We 'd been tracking him for some time .
Since September 2007 he has gone to ground , " a police source said .
" But someone out there will know where he is and how we can track him down . "
Any person who can assist police should contact Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000 .
Sorry fans , but The Reinheitsgeblog is on hold until I get a lot of other things in order .
Happy Drinking !
Posted in Current Events | 1 Comment »
Sen. Jim DeMint ( not pictured ) has asked for a vote to remove federal funding from the John Murtha Airport in Johnstown , Pa. , which has received upward of $ 150 million in subsidies even though it has only three flights a day — all to Washington .
GOP 's next target : Murtha 's airport
Conservatives feel as if they ’re on a roll these days , with White House adviser Van Jones chased out of town and ACORN funding deleted in an appropriations bill .
So their next stop ?
Pennsylvania Rep. John Murtha ’s airport .
Advertisement
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) has asked for a vote to remove federal funding from the John Murtha Airport in Johnstown , Pa. , which has received upward of $ 150 million in subsidies even though it has only three flights a day — all to Washington .
The House killed a similar amendment in May , but that was before the real surge in public dismay over federal spending and before the town hall chaos of the August recess .
So the Senate vote could be different — and it may be harder to say no to such an amendment while the Senate is just starting to digest the $ 800 billion health care bill .
“ This is a test to see how serious we are about stopping wasteful spending , ” DeMint said in a statement .
“ If we ca n’t stop this ridiculous abuse of taxpayer funds for a deserted airport , we ca n’t stop anything . ”
Westerfield & Martin is a small law firm that gets big results .
Our attorneys have extensive trial and appellate experience , and are dedicated to assisting their clients with whatever legal need presents itself in the Denver Metro area and across the state of Colorado .
Whether you are charged with a DUI , a felony criminal offense , have a civil dispute with an individual or business , or were injured in a car or truck accident , we can assist you .
Call our office to discuss your particular legal need , or take a moment and view the content on our site to get familiar with who we are and what we do .
Fred C. Brill
A father of two teenage daughters , and an avid sports lover , Fred 's humorous stories have made headstuffing a popular read since 2006 .
If you are wondering why headstuffing exists , check out why I write
By all outward appearances , this Saab 99 is a nicely maintained Grandma car .
Underneath , it 's an all - wheel - drive , turbocharged , 700 HP terror machine capable of 9.8 second quarter miles .
This Swede - built creation is likely the most ridiculous sleeper ever created .
Advertisement
Winters are long in Sweden and very dark .
There 's not much to keep you entertained , which explains why so many of the world 's stupid - awesome projects come from the Nordic regions .
This one is high , very high on the awesomeworld meter .
These nutjobs took a straight - bodied Saab 99 , stripped the interior and caged it , removed the engine and replaced all the internals then turned it around 180 degrees and mated it to an Audi 100 transmission and all - wheel - drive system , turbocharged the bejesus out of it and made everyone 's wildest dreams come true .
Our hats are certainly , and respectfully off to you , crazy Swedish Saab hoons .
[ Build Blog ( translated from Swedish ) via CarThrottle ]
Ostriches can reach running speeds of up to 45mph
One of two ostriches that went on the rampage after escaping from a farm in Cheshire has been killed on a motorway .
The 4ft ( 1.2 m ) tall birds , described as aggressive , went on the run in Helsby , near Frodsham , after getting free .
One of the pair died when it strayed on to the M56 and was struck by a lorry .
The driver , from Wrexham , was not injured but the vehicle was damaged .
Officers recaptured the other ostrich in a field just after 1430 BST and it has been returned to its owner .
A spokesman for Cheshire Police said : " The RSPCA , the owner of the ostrich , and police patrols contained the second ostrich . "
Ostriches are the largest living species of bird and cannot fly , but are able to run at speeds of up to 45 mph .
Originally Posted by ramesh Originally Posted by
If this measure does not achieve it 's objective , then a more punitive action - such as the one used in the movie ZPG ( Zero Population Growth ) , where giving birth would result in imprisonment , may have to be considered .
I 'm sure it would never have to reach that far , however .
What do you guys think ?
most of
Boehner said Carter made an error that many other Members have made , and that some of the fault lies with the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct , which sometimes gives Members incorrect advice on completing their financial disclosure forms .
Carter ’s office denied on Tuesday but then acknowledged on Wednesday that the Congressman failed to report nearly $ 300,000 in profits from his sales of Exxon Mobil stock on his annual financial disclosure forms for 2006 and 2007 ...
Boehner said Carter ’s error was relatively minor .
“ Those forms are very confusing , ” Boehner said .
Earlier this month , Carter pushed to pass a resolution on the House floor that would have stripped Rangel of his Committee on Ways and Means chairmanship while he ’s under investigation by the House ethics committee .
“ Carter ’s violations might be seen as inadvertent and even forgivable had they not exposed his utter hypocrisy , especially in light of his recent vicious floor attacks against a respected colleague , ” Democratic strategist Matt Angle posted on his Web site , The Lone Star Project .
The documents [ implicating Young in bribery ] were filed late Wednesday as part of the preparations for the sentencing next week of former Veco chief Bill Allen , who is at the heart of the investigation into corruption in Alaska politics .
It included a 2007 " confession of additional criminal activity , " made public for the first time in filings Wednesday , in which Allen alleged 13 years worth of gift - giving by him and fellow Veco executive Rick Smith to " United States Representative A , " described as Alaska 's representative in the House .
Only Don Young fits that description .
Allen 's confession said Veco spent between $ 130,000 and $ 195,000 on illegal corporate donations to Young by paying for his annual " pig roast " fundraiser in Anchorage from 1993 to 2006 .
Another example offered in the same document signed by Allen in May 2007 was a gift of $ 1,000 golf clubs which prosecutors said Smith purchased with Allen 's credit card for Young .
Young reported no gifts on his disclosure forms from 1995 until last year , when he disclosed $ 77,000 in donations that he received for his legal defense fund .
It was lack of disclosure on those same forms that led the Justice Department to indict then - Alaska Republican Sen .
Ted Stevens on corruption charges also related to Veco .
A jury convicted Stevens , but those charges were withdrawn earlier this year by the Justice Department after defense attorneys questioned the way prosecutors and the FBI handled witnesses and evidence .
Harry Crawford , an Anchorage Democratic state representative running against Young for Congress in next year 's election , questioned why charges have not been filed .
" I guess you get the kind of justice you can afford , " Crawford said .
" He 's been taking campaign contributions and paying for the best legal help that you can find . "
Since early 2007 , Young has spent more than $ 1.2 million from his campaign account and legal expense fund on lawyer bills connected to federal investigations of his fundraising and other matters .
As part of a talk he gave for the L.A. screening of Michael Moore wondered aloud if perhaps Obama figured the best way to figure out how Wall Street crooks had gamed the system against the American people was to hire a bunch of topnotch Wall Street crooks .
That would explain how we voted for Change and Hope and wound up with Summers , Geithner , Emanuel and Rubin .
Perhaps that 's why John Boehner -- who could certainly have done the job himself , considering his shady past -- tasked Texas crook John Carter with the job of acting as the Republican pointman on the Charlie Rangel corruption scandal .
Boehner is claiming that Carter is still the man to hunt Rangel , even though he will no doubt soon be the subject of his own ethics investigation , having " somehow " neglected to mention $ 300,000 he netted in a recent stock transaction .
No doubt that seems perfectly normal and par for the course for Boehner -- and the GOP caucus .
Carter 's hometown paper , the Waco noticed and has noted that " for some Democratic groups , the Round Rock Republican ’s error was evidence of hypocrisy .
For the last month , Carter has been hammering New York Democrat Charlie Rangel over a series of tax errors and disclosure mistakes .
" I do n't know that I 'd go quite so far as to describe Rangel as a " respected colleague , " but he certainly is n't any more crooked than Carter - - and has a long way to go before he even approaches the systemic corruption of John Boehner , whose fame as a frequenter of tanning salons is surpassed only by his stint as ( an illegal ) lobbyist for the tobacco industry , having been caught handing out bribe checks from Big Tobacco on the floor of the House , during a vote !
Still Boehner could have done worse than choosing Carter as the GOP Grand Inquisitor .
Take Alaska Congressman Don Young , for example , better known as Mr. Pork Many people just assume that Young is in prison .
He is n't .
In fact , he 's still in Congress .
Although probably not for much longer -- and I 'm not talking about the inevitability of actuarial tables .
The man has broken so many laws that even he gets confused .
Last week when an oil executive who had bribed him on several occasions admitted it and the Anchorageasked Young about it , his response was a terse " Do n't bother me , do n't bother me . "
That 's the biggest newspaper in his state .
Young maintains he 's done nothing wrong -- and from the perspective of a political establishment populated by men like John Boehner , Rudy Giuliani , Mitch McConnell , David Vitter , David Dreier and Roy Blunt ... what 's wrong with a little corruption between friends ?
Labels : Boehner , Charlie Rangel , Culture of Corruption , Don Young
Description :
Weaponizing the Web : New Attacks on User- generated Content
Shawn Moyer and Nathan Hamiel gave an interesting talk at Defcon 17 titled " " .
Here is the abstract in their own words : " Ultimately , basing the value proposition of your site on user - generated and external content is a kind of variant on Russian Roulette , where in every turn the gun is pointed at your head , regardless of the number of players .
You may win most of the time , but eventually a bullet is going to find its way into the chamber with your name on it .
We spent some time last year looking at this problem as it related specifically to Social Networks , but that left a lot of the territory unexplored .
This time around we 'll be talking about a previously unnoticed attack vector for lots and lots of web applications with user - generated content , and releasing a handy tool to exploit it .
Bundled in are some thoughts on Web 2.0 attack surface , a few new exploitation techniques , and as in last year , a hefty helping of lulz , ridicule , and demos - of - shame at the expense of a few of your and ( our ) favorite sites .
" There is an interesting post on Fishnet Security about the talk which might want to read .
You can download the presentation slides here and the tool here .
You can visit their website for more information .
Thanks to Vim EeeeOOO for posting this video .
Sudan : Woman Journalist Jailed For Wearing Trousers
Sudanese woman journalist Lubna Ahmed al - Hussein was sent to jail after she refused to pay a 500 Sudanese pounds ( 200 US dollars ) fine imposed by a court on Monday for wearing trousers , deemed “ indecent ” by Sudanese Islamic law .
She was taken to the prison for women in Omdurman .
According to Sudanese law she could have been sentenced to 40 lashes for “ indecency ” under Islamic principle .
Hussein was arrested with 12 other women wearing trousers in a Khartoum restaurant in July .
Ten of the women arrested were each given 10 lashes .
However , Hussein decided to challenge the charge and started a public campaign to change the law .
Monday , a Khartoum court spared Hussein a whipping , but instead fined her 200 dollars .
Hussein walked out of court in Khartoum , today , holding a sign saying “ Know your rights and avoid discrimination ” .
The press was barred from the court , but the journalist made this short statement before she was taken to jail : “ I wo n’t pay , I would rather go to prison . ”
In her determination to keep fighting , Hussein refused to follow her lawyer ’s advice to pay the fine .
Lubna Ahmed al - Hussein writes for the left leaning Al - Sahafa newspaper , and she also works for the United Nations mission in Sudan .
She is the leading voice for women - rights in Sudan , it seems pretty obvious that she was targeted by the authorities for this very reason .
You can find out more about Lubna , a courageous journalist fighting for human rights , by going to her Facebook page .
Posted by roger |
Our company < Triple - c > is a leading supplier and manufacturer that offers a wide range of rapid prototyping services in China .
First of all , we create 3d models by CNC milling or machining , we use this subtractive method to make your idea real in all kinds of steel , plastics steel brass copper , titanium or aluminum .
For small quantity volume parts we use RTV ( room temperature vulcanization ) with silicone moulds .
Rubber or plastic parts can be made out of one mould .
Our advantages :
willing to deliver as quick as possible / AQAP ( as quick as possible )
western management led by industrial designers who will advise you the right technology .
Do you wish a quotation please email your rapid prototyping needs and wishes to : info@prototypingchina.com or Skype : roger_triplec
Read More
QR Code Link to This Post
We may move into my quarters , but you must bring the whole roasted ham along with you , as I will require constant nourishment during our foray .
As I slip off my royal garb , I will require you to plop bon bons down my throat in a teasing and tempting fashion .
I want you to giggle girlishly as you carve the turkey I keep under my regal bed quilts .
When I devour the cranberry sauce I keep by mine bedside table , it is my hope you will slap yourself silly with tiny yellow gloves .
Finally , the lovemaking .
My butler will be dropping ranch dipped grilled cheese sandwhich halves into my wanton mouth as you plunge into my open fields , and the crumbs may shower your countenance .
Just laugh this off as if it were nothing , and bang your knees together as if you must applaud the symphony upsidedown .
The geese shall be lead through my quaters at this moment and , under God 's good graces , will hop upon the bed and saunter across your slickened backside .
If they peck , briefly laugh .
If they quack , nod and blow a kiss .
When the act is complete , prepare a bath .
Fill it with melted butter and parsley and wipe the sweat from your brow -- that belongs in the pantry , not my drawn bath .
When I slip in , sing a song .
Sing until I pass out .
Remind my butler to give you a fashionable gown .
Leave and never return ... never return ...
The White House 's feud with Fox News has caused an irresistible buzz in Washington , but many are wondering precisely what prompted President Obama and his advisers to go ballistic against the network .
Here 's the answer : Team Obama was pushed over the brink by a growing list of what it considered outrageous anti-Obama conduct by Fox that showed no sign of stopping .
Obama 's advisers say that they seethed while Fox commentators used their shows to encourage protests against Obama 's healthcare proposals last summer .
Team Obama fumed as Fox personalities tried to pressure some controversial Obama advisers to resign .
White House officials say that Fox has continued to stir the pot against Obama in a regular pattern — raising a criticism , having Republican congressional leaders comment on it , and then using those comments to keep the criticism alive .
A break point came when Fox tried to create the impression that angry anti-Obama protesters at congressional town hall meetings last summer signaled that Obama 's healthcare proposals were dying , a story line that other news organization picked up .
White House officials say this was untrue , that those proposals were not dying at all .
Another break point came when Fox commentator Chris Wallace called White House officials " crybabies . "
A senior Obama adviser tells U.S. News that White House staffers developed " a growing realization " that the president would never get a fair shake from Fox .
White House insiders say that , at some point , White House officials will appear again on Fox , but they will do so expecting an antagonistic atmosphere , as if they were appearing on conservative talk radio .
Asked what White House insiders hope to accomplish with the feud , the adviser says , " We are not spending much time here at the White House thinking about Fox " but are focusing instead on the president 's agenda , including healthcare legislation , the economy , regulatory reform , Afghanistan , and Iran .
" Fox is using this to promote themselves , " the adviser says .
" Our hope is simply that responsible journalists will not go chasing after Fox stories " as if these stories were legitimate .
And the Fox experience has toughened the White House 's attitude about taking on other critics , such as the health insurance industry .
" We are not going to allow people to misrepresent the president or his program , " a White House spokesman warns .
" We wo n't allow people to attack the president and his programs without making sure the president 's voice is heard in the process . "
For their part , Republicans say they are delighted that the White House is focusing on Fox , because it distracts the Obama team from more substantive issues and makes it look nasty .
The GOP officials see a pattern .
" Any time anyone on Capitol Hill or in a news organization challenges the administration , they go to their standard playbook response — to demonize them , " says a top Republican strategist .
David Letterman Reveals Extortion Plot and Confesses to Sex With Staffers Letterman details scandal to fans during taping of Thursday night broadcast .
Oct. 1 , 2009  -- David Letterman told the audience of his late night talk show that he had sexual relationships with female members of his staff , adding that he'd forked over a bogus $ 2 million check as part of an extortion plot on the matter .
Letterman , 62 , made the confessions to the audience during a taping of " The Late Show " for broadcast Thursday night , according to a statement by Worldwide Pants Inc. , Letterman 's production company .
" This morning , I did something I 've never done in my life , " Letterman told his audience .
" I had to go downtown and testify before a grand jury . "
Letterman revealed to the studio audience that he received a package three weeks ago containing a threat to reveal those indiscretions " if Letterman did not pay the individual a large sum of money " -- specified in a later communication as $ 2 million .
He said that the package contained a letter that said , " I know that you do some terrible terrible things and I can prove that you do these terrible things ... and sure enough what was contained in the package was proof that I do terrible , terrible things . "
The audience , most likely waiting for the punchline that never came , laughed nervously along as he went on to describe how he called his attorney and then set up a meeting with his blackmailer .
The plotter told Letterman that he wanted to write a screenplay about him that included sordid details of the talk show host 's life .
At a second meeting , Letterman , with the assistance of the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office , handed the blackmailer a phony $ 2 million check .
It was then that the extortionist revealed he also planned to write a book about Letterman 's life , also revealing details of his past sexual infidelities .
" A companion piece to the screenplay , " he riffed , weakly .
Letterman then acknowledged unspecified sexual relationships with female staff members to a silent audience .
" My response to that [ allegation ] is , ' Yes I have . '
Would it be embarrassing if it were made public ?
Perhaps it would , " Letterman said .
" Especially for the women , " he managed to joke .
He went on to thank the the Special Prosecution Bureau of the Manhattan District Attorney 's office for its assistance , which culminated in the individual 's arrest early in the day Thursday .
Earlier this year , Letterman announced on his show his marriage to his longtime girlfriend , Regina Lasko , whom he began dating in the 1980s .
The pair have a son , Harry Joseph Letterman , whose impending arrival Letterman announced on his show in 2003 .
It 's unclear from the Worldwide Pants statement when Letterman 's sexual relations with his female staffers occurred .
" I feel like I need to protect these people .
I need to certainly protect my family , " he said .
He did not mention his wife specifically or any other details of these affairs .
CBS issued a statement late Thursday night regarding the investigation and Letterman 's decision to speak out on his show :
" Mr. Letterman addressed the issue during the show 's broadcast last night , and we believe his comments speak for themselves . "
This is not the first extortion plot alleged to have targeted Letterman .
In 2005 , Kelly Frank , who worked as a handyman on Letterman 's Rocky Mountain ranch in Montana , was arrested for allegedly plotting to kidnap Letterman 's then - 16 - month - old son , Harry .
Frank pleaded not guilty but got 10 years in jail for overcharging Letterman .
At the time , the comedian took it all in stride .
" I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of seeing my house on television while I 'm in my house watching television , " Letterman said on a March 2005 show .
Letterman Pointed Out Infidelities of Others
Letterman was a longtime bachelor after his first marriage ended in divorce in 1977 .
He has had at least one relationship with a co-worker in the past .
Merrill Markoe , a comedian and author who was his longtime writer , was his girlfriend in the 1980s .
Even so , Letterman has joked about others ' infidelities .
Numerous jokes and at least two of Letterman 's famous Top 10 lists highlighted South Carolina Gov. Rick Sanford 's extramarital affair .
Letterman included the " Top 10 Surprising Facts About Mark Sanford " and the " Top 10 Gov. Mark Sanford Excuses " during the days after the governor admitted to having an affair this June .
Letterman has been a fixture on late night network television since 1982 after a short stint with a morning show on NBC .
As host of " Late Night " on NBC and then " The Late Show " on CBS , he is second only to Johnny Carson as the longest - running late night host .
ABC News ' Eileen Murphy and Emily Friedman contributed to this report .
[ Ruchira Gupta is founder and president of Apne Aap Women Worldwide , an anti-trafficking organization based in India .
She recently won the Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership in civil society . ]
Naina , a teenager rescued from a brothel in Bihar by my organization , Apne Aap Women Worldwide , once told me : " As long as there are customers , there will always be other little girls that can be bought . "
Naina is right .
India has witnessed an alarming rise in the sex - trafficking of women and girls in recent years .
On ...
Slides for most of the Mitchfest talks are now available , including Olivier Danvy and Daniel P. Friedman ‘s keynote talk : Mitch Wand : Mensch , teacher , and scientist ( Part 1 ) .
The newly added research talks are :
See the program for more information , including the complete lists of authors .
フルネームの印鑑があることを知っていますか？印鑑というと、苗字だけというイメージが強いかもしれませんが、実はフルネームの印鑑も存在するのです。ですが、フルネームの印鑑はほとんど店頭では見かけることがありません。
購入したいと考えているなら、通販を利用するという方法があります。そこで、フルネームの印鑑を通販で作るメリットと注意点について紹介します。(関連リンク > いいはんこやどっとこむ > はんこ屋値段 )
フルネームの印鑑の必要性
なぜ苗字だけではなくフルネームでの印鑑が必要なのかというと、それはセキュリティの強化のためです。印鑑は、様々なシーンで活躍します。宅急便の荷物を受けとる時や事務処理などに使える認印、口座開設などで活躍する銀行印、更には不動産取引や遺産相続など公的手続きに必要な実印があります。
なかでも、本人であることを証明する銀行印や実印は重要な存在です。ですが、大量生産されている印鑑は誰もが購入可能なのでセキュリティという面では甘いとされています。実印として印鑑登録するならオーダーメードで作成することが一番です。
そして、フルネームだと更にその安心感がアップします。同じ苗字の人というのは大勢いるかもしれませんが、同じフルネームという人はそうそう会う機会はありません。銀行印も実印もフルネームの印鑑での登録が可能となっているので、財産の安全を守るためにもフルネーム印鑑が必要なのです。
また、苗字が同じ家族間では印鑑を間違えるということもあります。そんな時にもフルネーム印鑑だと誰の印鑑なのか一目瞭然なので間違えづらくなります。フルネーム印鑑は、自分自身を証明するための大切な分身のような存在なのです。
フルネーム印鑑を通販で作るメリット
フルネームの印鑑を通販で注文するメリットは、なんといっても安い費用で購入することが可能だということです。通販の場合、店舗とは違い人件費や運営にかかるコストを削減したり、黒水牛や彩樺など豊富な種類の印材を大量発注することにより、安く提供することを可能にしているのです。
特に家族全員のフルネーム印鑑を作成しようとすると、かなりの費用がかさむ可能性があります。通販で購入することで費用を抑えることが出来ます。また、仕上がりが早いことも通販で購入するメリットです。店舗で注文した場合は、3～5日ほどかかる場合もありますし、時期によっては１週間以上かかることもあります。
ですが、ネットで購入すると地域によっては即日発送が可能なところもあります。すぐに印鑑が必要だという時には、通販で購入した方が手元により早く届きます。
フルネーム印鑑を通販で作る時の注意点
フルネーム印鑑を通販で購入する時に注意しなくてはいけないのは、実際に手に取って見ることが難しいということです。プレビューではデザインを確認することが簡単に出来ますが、実際に触っていない分、仕上がった時にイメージが違うと感じるかもしれません。
可能であれば市販されている印鑑に触れてみて、長さや太さ、手触りを確認しておくと良いでしょう。また、通販を利用する時には保証書の有無についても確認しておく必要があります。印鑑は年月が経つと磨耗により捺印が難しくなるケースもあります。
保証書の発行があれば、保証書内の期間は無料で彫り直してくれるので、保証書が発行されているかどうかを確認してから注文することも大切です。
印材の種 類
通販でフルネームの印鑑を注文する時に、初めて見る印材に戸惑う人もいるでしょう。印材は男性と女性では違いがあるので注意が必要です。男性用の印材には、黒水牛や玄武が使われることが多く、女性用の印材には、彩樺や赤彩樺が選ばれることが多いのが特徴です。
他にも薩摩本拓や白檀など印材の種類は豊富です。ですが、なかには定期的にメンテナンスが必要な印材もあるので、購入する時には事前にチェックすることが必要です。通販で注文する前には、耐久性に優れたチタンや、華やかでおしゃれなアクリル樹脂、捺印性に優れたコバルトクロムモリブデンといった種類も揃っているサイトもあるので、よく検討することが大切です。
フルネームの印鑑を作成する時には、印材にも注目してみることが大切です。
フルネームの印鑑の書体の選び方
フルネームの印鑑を作成する時には、その書体にこだわることも必要です。書体はまさに印鑑にとっては顔とも言える存在です。書類に捺印した印鑑は、取り消すことが出来ません。じっくり考えてから注文することが大切です。
日頃からハガキや名刺などでよく見かける楷書体や行書体は認印でよく使われる書体ですが、実印でよく見られるタイプには篆書体という書体があります。象形文字から誕生した風格のある書体で、すべての印鑑に適用することが出来ますし、篆書体を省略した隷書体という書体もあります。
他には、古い書体である大和古印から出来ている古印体は日本独自の書体で特徴的ですし、縁起が良いとされる印相体なども複雑な書体で印鑑の書体として人気があり、よく使われます。男性には風格があるしっかりとした書体の篆書体や印相体が好まれることが多く、女性はどこか柔らかくて華やかな印象の隷書体を選ぶ人が多いので、選択に悩んだ時には人気のある書体を選ぶのも良いでしょう。
フルネームの印鑑はその書体によって印象が異なります。選ぶ時には見た時の印象も考えて、自分の理想に合った書体を選ぶように心がけましょう。
通販でフルネームの印鑑を作成する手順
印鑑をサイトで作成する時の手順は、サイトによって違いはありますが、まず印鑑の種類を選択することが大切です。それから印材を選び、サイズを選びます。実印として認められるのは印面が8.0mm～25.0mmの正方形に収まるサイズという規定があります。
実印のサイズは15.0mm前後のものを選ぶようにすると良いでしょう。更に、書体を選ぶ時には、実印や銀行印用には偽造防止のために複雑な構造の書体を選ぶようにすることが大切です。また、認印の場合は一目見て何が書かれているか分かりやすいタイプの書体を選ぶことが必要です。
そして、プレビューで印影を確認することが出来るので、納得出来る仕上がりがどうかチェックしてみましょう。納得が出来たら発注します。後は家に印鑑が届くのを待つだけです。フルネームの印鑑を通販で注文する時には、サイトによっては購入方法や支払い方法に違いがあります。
注文する前に事前にサイトをよく確認してから行うようにしましょう。
印鑑通販後払いに熱い視線が注がれる理由とは
Drink this yogurt for a healthier stomach .
Thirty million shoppers have swallowed the claims for probiotics as enthusiastically as the sweet fermented milk in the belief that " good bacteria " will defeat " bad bacteria " in epic microscopic battles inside our bodies .
But claims that probiotic ingredients improve health can not be supported , according to an extensive review of scientific research by a team of experts from the European Union .
Of 180 claims for probiotic ingredients , the EU 's food agency the European Food Safety Authority ( Efsa ) threw out every one .
Ten were rejected outright and a 21 - member expert panel could not assess the remaining 170 because the ingredients for which the claims were made could not be identified .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The findings on ingredients such as lactobacillus and bifidobacterium are an embarrassment to the UK's £ 220 m - a - year " dairy shots " industry , which has relied on heavy advertising to persuade shoppers of its products .
However Britain's best - selling yogurt drinks , Actimel and Yakult , were excluded from Efsa 's findings yesterday because Danone , Actimel 's maker , and Yakult , the Japanese firm which introduced probiotic drinks to the UK in 1996 , withdrew their claims before they could be scrutinised .
They have since re-submitted them , but the results will not be available until next year .
Efsa is reviewing all health claims made for food products following the introduction of a new EU law , the 2006 Regulation on Health and Nutrition Claims , which stipulated for the first time that all medical - sounding marketing boasts must be verified .
Brands whose claims are not approved will have to stop making the claims .
Efsa has been studying 2,000 applications submitted by member states on behalf of companies .
Releasing results on " general health claims " yesterday , Efsa 's 21 - member expert panel rejected two - thirds of the 523 applications for 200 vitamins , minerals , fibre , fats , carbohydrates , and " probiotic " bacteria .
On probiotics , an Efsa spokeswoman said : " They have been assessed but the outcome was negative or our scientists said they did n't have sufficient evidence to evaluate them . "
Yesterday , Danone , the French dairy giant which is thought to have withdrawn three claims for Actimel and Activia from Efsa in April , made no comment .
Yakult , which introduced probiotic drinks to the UK in 1996 , said the results did " not relate to Yakult . "
Yakult , which markets its best - selling yogurt as " self - defence for your gut " , said an application for its principal ingredient , Lactobacillus casei Shirota , had duplicated other claims with Efsa .
The Japanese firm said : " Evidence for its health benefit is based on over 70 human studies and over 70 years of research . "
Sue Davies , chief policy officer at Which ?
said the rulings showed that eventually shoppers would be made aware of what did , and did not , work .
" For too long the fact that people are getting more interested in health has been seen as a marketing opportunity , and companies have been putting claims on their products .
And now that we are getting systematic research we have been able to say some of these claims cannot be supported . "
180
Number of claims for probiotic ingredients rejected by EU .
The Bugatti Veyron has had its fair share of special editions including the Pur Sang , Sang Noir , Bleu Centenaire , Fbg Par Hermès along with aftermarket creations like the Linea Vincerò by Mansory .
There have also been many other one - off custom jobs sanctioned by high rollers in the Middle East .
But the Grand Sport , which is the new targa - top model of the Veyron , has , until now , been left out of the unique variations game .
However , debuting at Pebble Beach this weekend during Monterey Car Week , the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport “ Sang Bleu ” will be unleashed on the world .
This is fitting since the original Grand Sport ( chassis 001 ) was unveiled at the Concours d’Elegance last year .
It then went to auction by Gooding & Company and sold for $ 2.9 million .
The “ Sang Bleu ” is distinguishable by its two - tone color scheme , which you may notice , looks quite different than your run -of - the - mill metaliic paint jobs .
The area that appears sort of like a high - gloss silver is actually not paint at all but polished aluminum .
And the darker areas are , amazingly enough , a royal blue carbon fiber application .
For a little bit of dramatic flair , the rear air scoops have the same nightblue color as well .
The other differences between this version and the standard Grand Sport model are the new rims ( highlighted with Midnight Blue and Diamond Cut two tone finish ) and the interior , which is trimmed in a newly developed Gaucho leather .
Just for a little background info , the regular Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport has two removable tops .
One is a hard targa - style top and the second is a temporary roof that resembles the umbrellas held by classic Bugatti race car drivers .
Using the soft top , the vehicle is limited to a top speed of only 228 mph .
( Aww shucks … . )
However , when the hardtop is locked in place , the Grand Sport can hit 254 mph , which is the same top end as the regular coupe .
This is accomplished by extensive reinforcements and lots of carbon - fiber to keep weight down .
So , how rare is the new Grand Sport “ Sang Bleu ” in the world of Bugatti ?
Well , it may actually be one of the rarest .
Since only about 20 Grand Sports have been ordered so far and many less actually built and delivered , this platform is already pretty scarce in the marketplace .
And since Bugatti has not mentioned anything about a limited production run of the “ Sang Bleu ” , this may be a one - off creation that is purely event driven for Pebble Beach .
In any case , Bugatti has never been one to shy away from someone carrying a briefcase full of bearer bonds , so seeing more of these built is probably not out of the question .
Source : Bugatti
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Screenwriter and film director Richard Curtis has agreed to write an episode of the new series of Doctor Who , his agent has confirmed .
The Blackadder creator told The Sun newspaper he had signed up for a single show because his children were fans of the BBC One programme .
" It 's tremendously good fun and a treat for my children , " he said .
The 52 - year - old is better known for romantic comedies like Four Weddings And A Funeral than for science fiction .
" These days the things you can watch together as a family are much fewer , " he explained of his decision to step on board the Tardis , " so when you get something like Doctor Who or the X Factor , it is such a pleasure to sit down as a family " .
Curtis also revealed he was fascinated by time travel and was currently working on a low budget film about the subject .
" Maybe it 's a desire to get out of being old .
Sometimes you do just love the idea that you could go back in time and change things . "
The Vicar Of Dibley writer also said he thought he may have " one more sitcom in me before I die " .
In July , Doctor Who fans got their first glimpse of the 11th Doctor , Matt Smith , in costume as the Time Lord .
The character 's new look consisted of a tweed jacket , bow tie , rolled up trousers and black boots .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Doctors were forced to allow a suicidal woman who had swallowed anti-freeze to die , because she refused medical help .
Kerrie Wooltorton , 26 , of Norwich , had also made a " living will " requesting no intervention if she tried to take her own life , a Norwich inquest heard .
Doctors would have risked breaking the law by treating her , the coroner said .
The Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital said Miss Wooltorton was conscious and doctors were convinced of her mental competence .
She died four days after being admitted to the hospital .
I could have forced treatment on her , but I do n't think it was the right thing to do - I feel it would have been assault
Alexander Heaton
Consultant renal physician
The hospital said the living will did not play a part in the decision .
Miss Wooltorton had accepted lifesaving dialysis at the hospital after drinking anti-freeze several times in the year before her death , an earlier hearing was told .
" Any treatment ... in the absence of her consent would have been unlawful , " said coroner William Armstrong .
The inquest was told Miss Wooltorton had mental capacity and had the right to refuse medical intervention .
" Even when she was losing consciousness she was absolutely clear in refusing treatment , " said Mr Armstrong .
At the opening of the inquest in October 2008 , it was said that Miss Wooltorton had an " untreatable " emotionally unstable personality disorder .
Miss Wooltorton did not want to die alone , the inquest was told Consultant renal physician Alexander Heaton said his team had monitored Miss Wooltorton for any signs of ambivalence in her decision when she was admitted to hospital on 18 September , 2007 .
" It 's my duty to follow her wishes , " he told the inquest .
" I would have been breaking the law and I was n't worried about her suing me .
" But I think she would have asked , ' What do I have to do to tell you what my wishes are ? '.
" She had made them abundantly clear and I was content that that was the case . "
Die alone
He added : " She was in no state to resist me and I could have forced treatment on her , but I do n't think it was the right thing to do .
I feel it would have been assault . "
Her written directive also stated that if she called an ambulance it was not a plea for help but because she did not want to die alone and in pain , the hearing was told .
Speaking at the resumption of the inquest , Mr Armstrong said : " The doctor went over and above what was required of him .
She had capacity to consent to treatment which , it is more likely than not , would have prevented her death .
Coroner William Armstrong
" He discussed the case with clinical colleagues , took a second opinion from a fellow consultant and sought advice from the medical director .
" A deliberate decision to die may appear repugnant , but any treatment to have saved Kerrie 's life in the absence of her consent would have been unlawful . "
Recording a narrative verdict , he said Miss Wooltorton had died as a result of " deliberately consuming a poisonous substance in the full knowledge that death could result " .
" She had capacity to consent to treatment which , it is more likely than not , would have prevented her death .
" She refused that treatment in full knowledge of the consequences and died as a result , " he said .
Local MP and Lib Dem spokesman on health Norman Lamb said : " Doctors need to be given clear guidance on whether they are right to respect the wishes of the individual . "
The British Medical Association 's head of ethics and science , Dr Vivienne Nathanson , said : " It is always very tragic if an individual , like Kerrie Wooltorton , decides they do not want to live any longer .
" However , patients who are mentally competent must retain the legal right to refuse medical intervention . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When cryptic posters portraying President Obama as the Joker from " Batman " began popping up around Los Angeles and other cities , the question many asked was , Who is behind the image ?
Was it an ultra-conservative grassroots group or a disgruntled street artist going against the grain ?
Nope , it turns out , just a 20 - year - old college student from Chicago .
Bored during his winter school break , Firas Alkhateeb , a senior history major at the University of Illinois , crafted the picture of Obama with the recognizable clown makeup using Adobe 's Photoshop software .
Alkhateeb had been tinkering with the program to improve the looks of photos he had taken on his clunky Kodak camera .
The Joker project was his grandest undertaking yet .
Using a tutorial he'd found online about how to " Jokerize " portraits , he downloaded the October 23 Time Magazine cover of Obama and began digitally painting over it .
Four or five hours later , he happily had his product .
On Jan. 18 , Alkhateeb uploaded the image to photo - sharing site Flickr ( shown at right ) .
Over the next two months , he amassed just a couple thousand hits , he said .
Then the counter exploded after a still - anonymous rogue famously found his image , digitally removed the references to Time Magazine , captioned the picture with the word " socialism " and hung printed copies around L.A. , making headlines .
Alkhateeb 's original Flickr page surpassed 20,000 views .
The Times found his Flickr site last week thanks to a tip left by a loyal reader of The Ticket .
By Friday , the page had been taken down .
On Alkhateeb 's page , a manipulated image condemning fellow Chicagoan and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ( captioned " epic fail " ) was mixed in with parodies of the " Guitar Hero " game franchises -- dubbed Quran Hero -- and of Napoleon riding a motorcycle ( pictured after the jump ) .
Flickr had removed the Joker image due to copyright - infringement concerns , Alkhateeb says the company told him in an e-mail .
A Flickr spokeswoman declined to comment due to a company policy that bars discussing inquiries about individual users .
Alkhateeb says he was n't actively trying to cover his tracks , but he did want to lay low .
He initially had concerns about ...
The Visual Aid book series is chock full of fun and fascinating infographics that explain everything from the space race timeline to the relative sizes of the dinosaurs .
And they 've distilled their visual information onto handy posters .
These posters come from Visual Aid and Visual Aid 2 , and are available as posters from the Visual Aid shop .
Incidentally , they also have useful posters if you want to know how to make a balloon animal , how to play Cat 's Cradle , or the different processes for mummification .
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ Visual Aid via Core77 ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Pedromar Augusto de Souza is the chief of police in the nearest city .
The Formosa station house has six bullet holes in the door ; police work is serious business here in Brazil , where cops and gangsters have running gun battles .
Eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth , and , as if to prove it , Pedromar pulls a big hog - leg .45 automatic from his waistband , ejects the magazine from the butt , jacks the chambered round , which bounces three times and settles .
He hands over the shiny gun for inspection .
The bullet ?
A hollow point .
Goes in little , comes out big .
He has been working hard investigating the bizarre death of Tony Lee Harris , American citizen .
It 's the only case assigned directly to him .
From afar , he has heard the conspiracy theories from the folks back in the States : that Universo lured Tony down to Brazil to kill him ; that the police are covering up a crime , or worse ; or even that the Brazilian Army killed him .
Most of the theories are rooted in misinformation :
Some media reports in Seattle included errors , which aroused suspicion ; the cremation of the body was viewed as suspicious , though family members back home did n't know there was really nothing left but skin , bones and worms .
He knows people think he 's not being thorough .
" It would be easy to say it 's a suicide and close the case , " he says .
" I want to make really sure it was not homicide .
To be 100 percent sure . "
There are a few questions left .
The decomposition of the body prohibited an accurate toxicology report .
The cause of death is still officially undetermined , and lab officials cannot say with complete certainty that it was a death by hanging .
They are virtually certain , but the state of the corpse has hindered the detective work .
And there are other stray facts :
Two cigarette butts were found near the body .
Lab technicians are working to determine whether these were smoked by Tony , though no lighter was found near his body .
Tony 's wedding ring was missing .
His wallet was missing .
His sweatpants were missing .
There was likely money missing , though how much is unknown .
And then there 's the biggest mystery of all : the curious extra shoelace .
De Souza needs answers before closing the case .
Right now , there is a sliver of doubt .
A heartbreaking possibility exists : Could Tony Harris have been losing his mind , running from people who were not chasing him , only to end up surrounded by actual danger ?
" The most likely is suicide , " de Souza says .
" But some people walking around the street asking for money , maybe they saw him and thought this guy has money and they killed him .
That 's another question . "
Will it ever be possible to conclusively prove what happened ?
De Souza considers the question .
The body had no bullet holes or stab wounds , no broken bones or tissue under the fingernails .
But the rain and the wilderness erased any other forensic clues .
" No , " he says .
...
When they took the body down , a tree remained , with the cerrado alive around it , birds chirping , water running , nature going on as if Tony Harris had never lived ...
The walk to the monkey pepper tree is long and difficult , no matter the route .
Tony Harris leaves the gas station , and disappears into the cerrado , a sprawling Brazilian savanna that surrounds the town .
Cerrado means " inaccessible " in Portuguese .
The land is frightening and foreign , quilts of open field dotted with termite mounds and tall , tropical trees .
There are long runs of covered forest .
The greens are psychedelic .
Jaguars roam the forests and grasslands , their roar like a loud cough .
Water flows , maybe a stream , maybe runoff from a recent shower .
Large birds circle the tops of the trees , their shrieks breaking the peaceful gurgle of the water .
Songbirds sing a sweet melody in the background .
During the day , the sun bakes down , steaming all living things with alternating flurries of sun , rain , then more sun .
At night , the chill comes and with it a darkness unlike anything a man from a civilized world has ever seen .
At night , it 's like God himself forgot the cerrado .
How long was Tony lost out here ?
A day ?
Two ?
Three ?
The soldiers say you could live for a month , if you knew what you were doing .
The place is covered with edible fruit and fresh water .
No one knows where Tony Harris walked , or what he thought or felt as he wove deeper and deeper into the maze - like wilderness .
Was he scared ?
Did something finally turn off that neon sign in his mind ?
Did he stop running ?
Did someone stop him from running ?
Somehow he ended up at the monkey pepper tree .
It 's clearly visible , atop the crown of a small mound , in a clearing , a few smaller trees setting a perimeter .
Though there is deeper forest around it , from the tree , a man can look up and see heaven .
No one knows exactly what happened to Tony Harris in his last minutes , but they do know where he was found .
Police estimate he died on or about Friday , Nov. 9 .
An anonymous call came in on Sunday , Nov. 18 , his birthday .
About 20 feet from the monkey pepper tree is a fishing hole , though you can't see it without crawling through dense vegetation .
A walking path to it , if you know where to dip into the forest , goes past the tree .
Police believe the tipster is an illegal fisherman without permission to be on military property .
That 's yet another heartbreaking detail : Tony Harris loved to fish and some investigators believe he might have been out of his mind from dehydration .
But if he had walked more or less straight here from town , he ended up only 20 yards shy of life - saving water and more fish than he could have eaten in a month .
Police and soldiers arrive on the scene .
They smell it before they see it , a grotesque , barely human form , bleached white in spots and warped by the sun and rain , skin losing to gravity in big folds , those big basketball shoes just a foot off the ground .
Bugs swarm and body fluids stain the trunk of the tree black .
The corpse , no longer Tony Harris , hangs from a sturdy branch by a black shoelace .
They notice that both of the shoelaces are in place .
So he brought an extra shoelace with him from Brasilia , managed to keep it despite losing his computer , pants , wallet and ring ?
Could have happened .
The location of the pepper tree leads everyone who sees it to think suicide .
This place seems too remote for anyone to have carried a body so far , and forensic evidence suggests
Tony 's life ended in this clearing , hanging from a monkey pepper tree , four miles from Bezerra , 6,000 miles from Seattle , totally and utterly alone .
It 's the perfect tree .
A short step up onto a low branch , an easy reach to tie the shoelace around a higher branch , then a quick step off .
Death would have begun quickly , air cut off , the pressure on the spinal column beginning a domino effect , motor ability lessened or lost .
Did his life flash before his eyes ?
Did he see a lost job and rejected applications ?
Did he see people chasing him and shadows and whispers ?
Or did he see other , happier things ?
Maybe a boy in Seattle pointing so many years ago and telling his mom : That 's Tony Harris .
He plays for Garfield .
Maybe a bear hug with Kelvin Sampson after making it to the NCAA Tournament .
Or did he see his 14 - year - old son , who looks just like him , or his wife , or his mother , or his friends ?
Did he see his future ?
No one knows .
But the police do believe this :
The very last act of Tony Harris on planet earth was to fight for his life .
As he hung from that shoelace , his time now down to seconds , unable to use his arms and legs , he bit down on the tree , sinking his teeth into the trunk , as if to buy one inch of life - saving air .
He failed , and he died there , hanging from the monkey pepper tree .
The day after cutting his body down , police found a hole burrowed deep into the bark of the tree .
Laying on the ground below was a tooth , the last will and testament of a man struggling for light in a place consumed by darkness .
Courtesy of Lori Harris ...
But he did live , and he did amazing things with his life , things that will be missed .
That 's what his family tries to focus on .
The good things , the happy times , back before the darkness .
Last month , The New Yorker ran a devastating article about the 2004 execution of Cameron Todd Willingham in Texas .
The article is long , but well worth the read -- unless you 're okay with people being put to death for crimes they did n't commit .
Near the conclusion of the article was this :
In 2005 , Texas established a government commission to investigate allegations of error and misconduct by forensic scientists .
The first cases that are being reviewed by the commission are those of Willingham and Willis .
In mid-August , the noted fire scientist Craig Beyler , who was hired by the commission , completed his investigation .
In a scathing report , he concluded that investigators in the Willingham case had no scientific basis for claiming that the fire was arson , ignored evidence that contradicted their theory , had no comprehension of flashover and fire dynamics , relied on discredited folklore , and failed to eliminate potential accidental or alternative causes of the fire .
He said that Vasquez ’s approach seemed to deny “ rational reasoning ” and was more “ characteristic of mystics or psychics . ”
What ’s more , Beyler determined that the investigation violated , as he put it to me , “ not only the standards of today but even of the time period . ”
The commission is reviewing his findings , and plans to release its own report next year .
Some legal scholars believe that the commission may narrowly assess the reliability of the scientific evidence .
There is a chance , however , that Texas could become the first state to acknowledge officially that , since the advent of the modern judicial system , it had carried out the “ execution of a legally and factually innocent person . ”
But that 's not going to happen because Gov. Rick Perry , who had refused to grant Willingham a stay on the day he was executed , saying his decision " was based on the facts of the case , " has :
... swept three appointees from their jobs just two days before they were set to critically examine a flawed arson investigation that contributed to the execution of a Corsicana man .
The hearing of the Texas Forensic Science Commission , scheduled for Friday in Irving , was abruptly canceled by the new chairman the governor chose , Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley .
He is considered one of the most conservative , hard - line prosecutors in Texas . [...]
The governor has questioned Beyler 's findings and argued that there is other evidence of Willingham 's guilt .
And Perry told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the terms of the dismissed board members were expiring that and replacing them " was pretty standard business as usual . "
The other evidence of Willignham 's guilt was an alleged jailhouse confession -- with the informant , who when recently asked about his testimony , wondered if the statute of limitations on perjury had passed .
Business as usual .
The very small world of Paul Mason - the world 's heaviest man weighing in at 70 stone
Languishing in a reinforced bed with treats and entertainments close to hand , this is the world 's heaviest man at home .
Paul Mason , who weighs 70 stone , is rarely able to leave his bed and so spends much of his life in the room , eating and playing computer games .
The 48 - year - old consumes around 20,000 calories a day - more than eight times what the average male is supposed to eat .
Comforts : 70 stone man Paul lies in his bed surrounded by everything he needs to get through the day
And it emerged today that Mr Mason actually had an ambition to become the world 's fattest man .
He lost 20 stone in hospital three years ago but reportedly told staff he did n't really want to lose the weight .
After leaving the medical unit , he gorged himself on three family - sized takeaways every day and even ate whole boxes of Sugar Puffs in one go .
The total cost of his care , accommodation , benefits , medical equipment and treatment is estimated at more than £ 100,000 a year and has so far topped £ 1 million .
Neighbours yesterday described him as friendly and popular but said they often went months without seeing him because he was so often bed - ridden .
Mr Mason was unable even to attend the funeral of his mother , Janet , who died six weeks ago and with whom he had lived .
Lounging about : Briton Paul Mason is so overweight he needs to be airlifted to hospital to try and reduce his weight
Big load :
An Asda grocery van re-stocks food for Paul
Friends said Mr Mason has been warned he could die within months if he does not have urgent surgery , such as having a gastric band fitted .
Sue Horne , 55 , said : ' He is a really nice bloke who realises he has got a problem .
The last time I saw him was when the weather was warmer .
' His carers used to wheel him out in his huge bed on his driveway . '
Paul ( right ) is pictured here in 2007 , when he weighed 45 - stone .
He was able to go out on his own in a specially - modified wheelchair , but his weight has since ballooned to an incredible 70 stone
Mr Mason lives with his two cats in a bungalow in Ipswich provided by the Suffolk Heritage Housing Association , which is fitted with specially widened doors .
He relies on a team of seven carers , working three eight - hour shifts , to cook his food and clean up after him .
He has a reinforced toilet seat in the bathroom and a physiotherapist visits to stretch his legs and perform chest massages to prevent deep vein thrombosis and pneumonia .
The photograph shows Mr Mason reclining on a bed and , dangling to his right , a remote control for adjusting the height and angle .
On the same side is a hospital issue over - bed table , upon which sits a fruit bowl with oranges and bananas , a document holder that appears to contain medical notes , and a tea tray .
He also has :
Cleansing equipment , which is used by carers to bathe him because he is too big for a shower
A lightbox , which helps to combat Seasonal Affective Disorder ( SAD ) caused by lack of sun
A TV and Playstation , to entertain him while he lays in bed
An inflatable slide , to enable him to slip out of his bed and into a wheelchair without the danger of a fall
Paul 's former house in Ipswich had an extra - wide front door to enable him to get his wheelchair out .
In 2002 he was ' rescued ' from the property by firefighters
In the background is what seems to be a fridge containing snacks and cold drinks and a tall steel frame , to which a pulley system can be attached to lift him .
A black computer stands near a monitor with an internet camera on top , suggesting he keeps in contact with the outside world via the internet .
There is a selection of computer games and DVDs on the top shelf .
Details of Mr Mason 's solitary existence came to light this week as it emerged he needs to be transported 150 miles from his home to Chichester , West Sussex , to receive life - saving weight - loss surgery at a specialist NHS centre .
Doctors were considering an airlift at a cost of £ 20,000 and there were reports this could even involve an RAF Chinook .
Paul needs to be transported 152 miles from his home in Ipswich , Suffolk , to hospital in Chichester , West Sussex
But NHS
Suffolk is now looking at a land - based transfer using a £ 90,000 ambulance strengthened to handle obese patients .
A health care insider told The Sun Mr Mason was disappointed when he lost 20 stone in hospital .
' When he left he moaned he was missing the chance of becoming the world 's heaviest man , ' said the source .
' And when he got home he ordered takeaway pizzas , curries and Chinese meals . '
Bob Singh Phagura , manager of the Nacton Road Fish Bar in Ipswich , said every Friday Mr Mason would come to his shop with his carers and buy :
Four large cod
Two pies
Four battered sausages
Six large portions of chips
Mushy peas and curry sauce
All washed down with bottles of Coke
' He would wait outside as we could n't fit him or his wheelchair into the shop , ' said Mr Singh Phagura .
' His carers would take away the food .
It was ten times more than a normal person would eat . '
It has also emerged that Mr Mason would roll his 3 ft - wide wheel - chair through a McDonald 's drive - thru to pick up huge quantities of burgers and chips .
Relatives described how he began putting on weight in his late teens when his father Roy , a former military policeman , died .
' Before he lost his father he was in the Salvation Army band and he was quite slim and trim , ' said his aunt , Margaret Smy , 71 , also from Ipswich .
' But he was very close to his dad and his death hit him hard .
Then he had some other problems and everything just snowballed .
' He was also close to his mother so losing her recently must have really knocked him .
I am sure he is feeling low because of her death .
' I went to her funeral but he was unable to attend because he was bed - ridden .
It was videoed so he could watch it at home . '
The last world 's fattest man : Manuel Uribe was driven around his hometown in Mexico , his first trip outside for five years , to celebrate losing 400 pounds in 2007
In 1986 , at the age of 26 , he weighed 25 stone and went to doctors for help .
But he was turned down for a stomach - stapling operation and was told to go on a diet .
By 2002 , he had reached 56 stone and a 5ft window at his former home had to be removed and a forklift truck brought in to lift him when he needed to go to hospital for a hernia operation .
Paul Mason as a toddler aged about 18 months old
He subsequently lost ten stone over the next nine months after limiting himself to 2,800 calories per day .
His diets have included one where he was only allowed four pints of milk each day , flavoured with Oxo , plus a few bananas .
Mr Mason went up to 60 stone in 2006 and back to 45 stone the following year before piling on more pounds to reach his current weight of 70 stone , believed to be a current world record .
A friend , who asked not to be named , said : ' Paul just cannot help himself when it comes to food but the doctors have told him that this is his last chance .
' He has been warned that he could die within months unless he does something to reduce his weight . '
In an interview in 2003 , Mr Mason said how his weight ballooned as he consumed vast amounts of junk food and snacks .
' It is like alcohol to an alcoholic , ' he said .
' I would spend about £ 30 a week on chocolate . '
' I would eat takeaways and deliberately save half so that I could eat some when I got up in the middle of the night . '
Andrew Hassan , medical director at NHS Suffolk yesterday said he would not comment on individual cases .
But he said St Richard 's Hospital in Chichester had a ' responsibility ' to provide the best care for all its patients .
* An article of October 14 , 2009 , ' Just one in six benefit claimants is genuine ' , suggested the number of people claiming incapacity benefit has soared from 67,000 when Labour came to power to 2.63 million today .
We are happy to clarify that this figure relates to the number of people who were claiming benefits for five years or more in 1997 , when the number of incapacity benefit claimants was 2.61 million .
When faced with a legal challenge , you want an advocate you can trust .
You want someone who will work hard to help you achieve the outcome you deserve .
At Cure & Francis , our attorneys begin by listening to your concerns .
We will take the time to learn about your situation , and after we do we will provide you with an honest assessment of your case .
We will educate you about your various options and develop a legal strategy tailored to your specific needs and objectives .
A former record executive hires a hitman to kill his family in an attempt to gain his son's inheritance from a medical malpractice suit .
An adaptation of actor Sterling Hayden 's autobiography , WANDERER , with three different actors portraying Hayden in his various aspects , with special focus on Hayden 's brief flirtation with ...
See full summary »
In a small and isolated town , Simon Dubé dies in a car accident .
The stunned townspeople are reluctant to discuss the circumstances of the tragedy .
From that point on time seems to lose all meaning , and the days stretch on without end .
At Oxford , Austrian student Anna von Graz ( Jacqueline Sassard ) is dating fellow student William ( Michael York ) , whom she plans to marry , but she ends up sleeping with two unhappily married Oxford professors instead .
A playful trip around the world , through its fabrics and textiles and their place in a busy international market .
In the last days of the Shogunate , a resourceful grifter seeks to outwit competing prostitutes , rebellious samurai and other inhabitants of a brothel in order to survive the hardened times .
Tromeo , a filmmaker , falls in love with Juliet , the daughter of a former partner who tried to steal his business from him .
Nicu , a young homeless boy , is adopted by Bruce Lee , the notorious " King of the Underworld " and goes to live with him in the tunnels underneath Bucharest .
As Nicu grows up , he starts to realize that he is not the perfect father .
A small wooden box arrives on the doorstep of a married couple , who know that opening it will grant them a million dollars and kill someone they do n't know .
Southland Tales is an ensemble piece set in the futuristic landscape of Los Angeles on July 4 , 2008 , as it stands on the brink of social , economic and environmental disaster .
Boxer Santaros is an action star who 's stricken with amnesia .
His life intertwines with Krysta Now , an adult film star developing her own reality television project , and Ronald Taverner , a Hermosa Beach police officer who holds the key to a vast conspiracy .
Written by TheGuyInThePj's
Did You Know ?
Trivia
The policeman who says " flow my tears " is called Bookman .
In Philip K. Dick 's novel ' Flow My Tears The Policeman Said ' , one of the central characters is called General Buckman .
The policeman who says " flow my tears " is called Bookman .
In Philip K. Dick 's novel ' Flow My Tears The Policeman Said ' , one of the central characters is called General Buckman .
See more
Goofs When Walter Mung throws the check back at Zora , it lands on the floor .
As she leaves the truck , the check has somehow been placed on the counter ( right side of the screen ) .
When Walter Mung throws the check back at Zora , it lands on the floor .
As she leaves the truck , the check has somehow been placed on the counter ( right side of the screen ) .
See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
: [ narration ]
In the aftermath of nuclear attacks in Texas , America found itself on the brink of anarchy .
[ overlapping news reports ]
: World War III had begun .
: The accelerated conflict in the Middle East placed significant restrictions on American access to oil .
Alternative fuel sources became a lucrative commodity .
Americans were transfixed by the terrorist 's threat , and were willing to prevent another attack by any means necessary .
Military checkpoints were erected at each State line .
...
[...]
See more » Private Pilot Abilene : []
In the aftermath of nuclear attacks in Texas , America found itself on the brink of anarchy .
Private Pilot Abilene : World War III had begun .
Private Pilot Abilene :
The accelerated conflict in the Middle East placed significant restrictions on American access to oil .
Alternative fuel sources became a lucrative commodity .
Americans were transfixed by the terrorist 's threat , and were willing to prevent another attack by any means necessary .
Military checkpoints were erected at each State line .
...[...]
Crazy Credits
After the credits , a logo appears of a thumbprint over an American flag with the words : " DON'T TOUCH ME " After the credits , a logo appears of a thumbprint over an American flag with the words : " DON'T TOUCH ME " See more
Alternate Versions Originally running for 160 minutes , Southland Tales premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2006 to a disastrous reception .
Because of this , it was re-edited and shortened in length as part of the distribution deal .
Since the shortened version was shown theatrically and released on DVD , the Cannes cut has been shown on Cable TV and DVD releases in Europe .
Some of the changes between the theatrical cut and the Cannes cut are as follows :
Opens the same as theatrical cut , with home video in Abilene , except with music ( ' Water Pistol ' by Moby ) and runs longer .
Video is also shown in its original aspect ratio , instead of cropped for 2.35:1 .
Doomsday Scenario
Interface is not present in the original cut , it was added to provide background information present in the graphic novels .
Instead we have narration from Pilot Abilene explaining the present situation and Treer Corporation .
The meeting between the Baron and Hideo Takehashi takes place much earlier in the film , Pilot explains the Baron dislikes Takehashi .
The character of General Teena MacArthur is more fleshed out in original cut , she mainly communicates with General Simon Theory and the Baron .
Many scenes with dialog between main characters have been extended i.e. scenes with Boxer & Roland , Krysta & Cyndi , Boxer & Starla , Cyndi & Vaughn Smallhouse etc .
Pilot explains that Bart Bookman is an ' angry man ' with a willingness to die .
Some events that take place are better explained in original cut e.g .
Boxer ringing Fortunio before meeting him , Serpentine explaining her actions at the end .
Features additional effects of the blimp not in theatrical version .
Features music by Moby not present in theatrical version i.e. ' Ceanograph ' is heard in scene giving information on the rift , ' Hotel Intro ' is heard as characters visit different sections on the blimp .
See more » Originally running for 160 minutes , Southland Tales premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2006 to a disastrous reception .
Because of this , it was re-edited and shortened in length as part of the distribution deal .
Since the shortened version was shown theatrically and released on DVD , the Cannes cut has been shown on Cable TV and DVD releases in Europe .
Some of the changes between the theatrical cut and the Cannes cut are as follows :
Quotes
first lines
title card
President Eisenhower
President Eisenhower
The world 's biggest online zoo has opened its doors to show off hundreds of animals , all performing obediently over and over again .
Traditional zoo disappointments – coy lions staying in their dens or snakes hiding under leaves – have no part in the extraordinary display of passion , cunning , mimicry , reproduction and violence by everything from hedgehogs to spitting cobras .
Caught at night with infrared cameras , deep underwater with huge floodlights , and under microscopes which distinguish different sorts of microbe , the BBC's Wildlife Finder is the product of years of planning – and dreaming .
Technology and funding have finally made possible the corporation 's ambition to give its spectacular natural history photography and film a permanent global audience .
Starting with 370 animals , including four octopuses and a solitary starfish , the databank of clips and still pictures will be reinforced on a daily basis .
BBC staff are combing through hundreds of wildlife programmes , from spectaculars such as Planet Earth to regional TV news items , to create an unprecedented collection .
Early stars in terms of hits online include Darwin 's frog , a tiny resident of forests in Chile , which gives birth through the mouth of the male .
The process is repeated in slow motion – another feature of the archive 's ability to spy on Earth 's wild creatures to an unprecedented extent .
A New Guinea jumping spider has also leapt into the popularity charts , soaring from a leaf on to the cameraman 's lens .
He carries on filming , as a commentary tells us about the exceptional size of the spider 's jaws .
" Its jump is only used , " the film explains , without the slightest wobble as spider legs skid on the glass , " as a means of getting on to its prey . "
The website divides into the animal kingdom's main categories , such as mammals , fish and birds , and then descends in tiers through subspecies , down to moonrats and tree kangaroos .
Long - standing favourites such as meerkats are in the launch selection but the spotlight also shines on the nocturnal and hardly - ever - seen Sundar Flying Lemur , or Malay Colugo .
A rat - like rodent , this opens itself out into a sort of aerial handbag to glide silently through the forests of Borneo in the dark .
Equally shy are the Dumbo octopi , the only wild species to be named after a Disney character .
Appearing in many of the clips alongside the animals is Sir David Attenborough .
His favourites include film of the inside of a duckbilled platypus 's burrow and an attack by predators on a shoal of sardines .
Wildlife Finder had , said Sir David , realised his highest ambitions for popularising natural history .
" It has always been my hope that , through film - making , I can bring the wonder of the natural world into people 's sitting rooms , " he said .
" Now the web has totally changed how we can link information , connect people and reach new audiences in a world which likes to have things on demand . "
A quarter of the animals have more than one clip each , with 500 separate films in the launch package , and some show a very young Sir David .
Commercial Linux distributor Red Hat is hosting its annual summit in Chicago this week , and the star of the event was today 's launch of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.4 , which sports the first commercially supported KVM hypervisor from the company .
In this case , KVM is tucked up inside of RHEL 5.4 , right alongside the integrated Xen hypervisor that customers have been able to deploy since RHEL 5.0 was launched in March 2007 .
When Red Hat caught the virtualization bug several years back , Xen was the horse to back , and Red Hat did , just like Novell , Sun Microsystems , Oracle , and others did .
But KVM is , according to Red Hat , a leaner and meaner hypervisor and is integrated into the Linux kernel already , so it has some benefits compared to Xen .
But the main benefit is that Red Hat , after its $ 107 m acquisition of Qumranet - the company that sponsored the KVM hypervisor and some related tools for managing virtualized desktops called VDI Manager - can control the fate of KVM and therefore have an easier job integrating hypervisor and operating system functions and the tools to manage them .
The other benefit is that because KVM is part of the kernel , Red Hat can guarantee that any of the more than 3,000 applications certified for RHEL will work atop the KVM hypervisor with no changes .
Oh , the final benefit is that Red Hat can make money off all that .
According to Paul Cormier , president of products and technologies at Red Hat , who spoke at a press conference from Chicago with Brian Stevens , Red Hat 's chief technology officer , and Navin Thadani , senior director of the virtualization business , the complete stack of KVM - related products went into a beta program back in June , not just the standalone KVM - based hypervisor , which is called Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization .
More than 100 customers have been playing with the freestanding RHEV hypervisor and RHEL 5.4 as well as tools for managing servers and PCs that have been virtualized with either .
The complete Red Hat virtualization product stack , which the company laid out back in February when in announced its intentions in the virtualization arena , includes RHEV , which Stevens said is a stripped - down hypervisor that will weigh in at about 100 MB , as well as the integrated KVM hypervisor in RHEL 5.4 .
The KVM hypervisor comes from the identical code base , the difference is really how customers want to consume and manage it .
Red Hat is also tweaking and extending Qumranet 's VDI Manager , which could manage thousands of virtualized PCs , so it can manage servers too , and then splitting it into two products : RHEV Manager for Servers and RHEV Manager for Desktops .
These management tools will complement the provisioning and patching that comes through Red Hat Network Satellite , which has just been upgraded to version 5.3 this week , but it is the RHEV tools that will include live migration , high availability , system scheduling and load balancing , power capping , monitoring , and reporting - and other features needed to manage virtual machines .
RHEV and these two management tools will be available sometime in the second half of this year , but apparently something is coming out in the next few weeks .
It might seem odd that KVM is being rolled into RHEL 5.4 first with the management tools missing , but Stevens said that some companies are perfectly fine using their own management tools and just want RHEL with KVM , and it being ready , Red Hat was happy to provide it .
It stands to reason that RHEV will come out next , perhaps with desktop tools ( which were already mostly done thanks to Qumranet ) followed by server management tools later in the year .
Stevens was clear that the company and its customers did not want to wait until RHEL 6 came out to get KVM into the field , and it added that the company was working on features to allow the " refactoring " of virtual machines based on other hypervisors so they could be converted and run atop KVM .
Red
Hat is keen , of course , in allowing the conversion of from Xen to KVM formats .
But Stevens also hinted that Red Hat was working on tools to allow conversion from other hypervisors and mentioned VMware 's ESX Server by name .
Hyper -V also makes sense , and an interoperability deal that Red Hat inked with Microsoft in February the week before it threw its , er , red hat into the virtualization ring will presumably be used to ensure this happens .
The trick is being able to figure out what specialized drivers are being used by customers using one hypervisor and finding the equivalents with another hypervisor and installing them on the fly .
The issue is larger than simply supporting the OVF disk format for storing a VM image .
According to the RHEL 5.4 release notes , customers can install Xen and KVM on the same machine at the same time , but they require different kernels and different network settings .
Red
Hat says you really should n't do two hypervisors at once .
The KVM hypervisor inside RHEL 5.4 will support RHEL 3 , 4 , and 5 as well as Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 as guest operating systems .
Red Hat says customers should not use its Cluster Suite tools to failover KVM images just yet , since this capability is only in tech preview .
The ext4 file system is still in preview as well , the company warns , and so is the Maloc memory allocation library for multicore processors .
RHEL 5.4 includes performance tweaks for Intel 's quad - core Xeon 5500 processors and Advanced Micro Devices ' six - core Opteron 2400 and 8400 processors .
The SystemTap system probing tool us now fully supported and has been updated too .
Fibre Channel over Ethernet drives have also been enhanced . ®
" What happened to global warming ? " read the headline - on BBC News on Oct. 9 , no less .
Consider it a cataclysmic event : Mainstream news organizations have begun reporting on scientific research that suggests that global warming may not be caused by man and may not be as dire and imminent as alarmists suggest .
Indeed , as the BBC 's climate correspondent Paul Hudson reported , the warmest year recorded globally " was not in 2008 or 2007 , but 1998 . "
It 's true , he continued , " For the last 11 years , we have not observed any increase in global temperatures . "
At a London conference later this month , Hudson reported , solar scientist Piers Corbyn will present evidence that solar - charged particles have a big impact on global temperatures .
Western Washington University geologist Don J. Easterbrook presented research last year that suggests that the Pacific decadal oscillation ( PDO ) caused warmer temperatures in the 1980s and 1990s .
With Pacific sea surface temperatures cooling , Easterbrook expects 30 years of global cooling .
EPA analyst Alan Carlin - an MIT - trained economist with a degree in physics - referred to " solar variability " and Easterbrook 's work in a document that warned that politics had prompted the Environmental Protection Agency and countries to pay " too little attention to the science of global warming " as partisans ignored the lack of global warming over the past 10 years .
At first the EPA buried the paper , then it permitted Carlin to post it on his personal Web site .
In May , Fortune reported on the testimony of John Christy , University of Alabama - Huntsville Earth System Science Center director , before the House Ways and Means Committee .
Christy is a 2001 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report signatory who believes human effects have a warming influence , but rejects the disaster scenarios .
As Christy told the committee , climate models rely on land temperature data that are distorted and exaggerated by surface development - that is , asphalt and buildings .
In a nice bit of research , Christy , who is also the Alabama state climatologist , debunked the temperature increase predictions made by NASA scientist James Hansen in 1988 .
" The real atmosphere , " Christy testified , " has many ways to respond to the changes that the extra CO2 is forcing upon it . "
Add Christy , Easterbrook and Corbyn to the long list of scientists who see climate as a complex issue rather than an opportunity to sermonize and lecture the general public .
Over the years , global warming alarmists have sought to stifle debate by arguing that there was no debate .
They bullied dissenters and ex-communicated nonbelievers from their panels .
In the name of science , disciples made it a virtue to not recognize the existence of scientists such as MIT 's Richard Lindzen and Colorado State University 's William Gray .
For a long time , that approach worked .
But after 11 years without record temperatures that had the seas spilling over the Statue of Liberty 's toes , they are going to have to change tactics .
They 're going to have to rely on real data , not failed models and scare stories , and the Big Lie that everyone who counts agrees with them .
This article has been corrected since it appeared in print editions .
The root causes of the problems with health care in the US
The problem with health care in the US , but in virtually every other country in the world as well , is a simple one :
The goods ( products and services ) offered on the market that address illnesses and and improve our well being are offered at prices that are so high that most consumers are unable to afford a sufficient amount to address their demands .
On top of that , these prices are continuously rising .
All other health care issues stem from this simple fact .
Health insurance premiums , for example , are charged based on the prices that competing insurers expect to end up paying for health care goods .
Thus , naturally , health insurance premiums are on the rise as well , even in the current deflationary environment .
The rapid increase in government expenses for its entitlement programs Medicare and Medicaid , too , is simply the result of these ongoing price increases .
It is thus not a coincidence that today the US government spends more than any other industrialized nation on health :
On the market , such imbalances are , under free competition , swiftly addressed via a simple process :
High prices for certain consumer goods indicate a high demand and an insufficient supply .
Thus profit seeking entrepreneurs have an incentive to shift from what they are currently doing to focusing on producing more of such highly demanded goods , by employing more commensurate factors of production that turn out the demanded goods .
This leads to a decline in their prices , moving the market closer to equilibrium and thus restoring balance .
But when a group of people which obtains its means of operation via aggression and theft , the government , imposes decrees that prevent the voluntary market participants to perform such balancing acts , and threaten them with imprisonment and fines should they not oblige , the imbalance will persist .
If that group ’s actions are such as to bring about even more shortages for the demanded goods , the imbalance will grow , prices will keep rising .
As an outcome of such an interventionist policy , there will always be a small group of entrepreneurs that benefits from the protection awarded against competition and voluntary action on the part of consumers and new entrepreneurs .
They naturally reap the benefits from the ability to charge prices that are not being bid down by potentially competing entrepreneurs .
It is important to keep this fact in mind when members of such groups utter statements that attempt to justify the policies that have brought about and continue to maintain the imbalance .
If those who run the government desire , as they profess , to remedy such an imbalance , the course of action they need to take is just as simple as the problem : lift all those decrees that hinder consumers and entrepreneurs from fixing the imbalance .
Moving forward , I will outline 5 simple steps that the US government needs to take in case it is interested in addressing the precise pain points that have precipitated the imbalance outlined above :
5 steps toward affordable health care
1 . Get rid of government enforced AMA privileges , restrictions , and monopolies
The American Medical Association ( AMA ) has , over the course of the past 160 years , done everything possible to utilize government power in order to restrict the amount of health care services , the number and efficiency of health education facilities , the access to drugs in pharmacies , price transparency and negotiation , and the practice of alternative health approaches .
It has deliberately and happily reduced the availability of goods that address consumers ’ health care needs , leaving many consumers in a desperate situation at the benefit of those doctors whose privileged position it has been protecting .
It is certainly not easy to back up such an outrageous charge against the AMA .
Fortunately we have a rather reliable companion to corroborate our accusation – the AMA itself :
… in 1901 the Journal of the American Medical Association released the following statement : “ The growth of the profession must be stemmed if individual members are to find the practice of medicine a lucrative profession . ”
In order to achieve these objectives , the AMA lobbied heavily with state and federal government institutions – with remarkable success .
As Lew Rockwell notes :
To help bring about a higher - paid profession , the AMA in 1904 created the Council on Medical Education , which sought to shut down more than half the existing medical schools by rating them on a scale of A to C .
In cooperation with State medical boards composed of what Arthur Dean Boran , head of the council , called the “ right sort of men , ” the AMA succeeded in cutting the number of schools to 131 by 1910 , from a high of 166 .
Then the council ’s secretary N.P. Colwell helped plan ( and some say write ) the famous 1910 report by Abraham Flexner .
(…)
The Flexner Report was more than an attack on free competition funded by special interests .
It was also a fraud .
For example , Flexner claimed to have thoroughly investigated 69 schools in 90 days , and he sent prepublication copies of his report to the favored schools for their revisions .
Homeopaths noted that his authority derived solely “ from an unlimited access to the pocketbook of a millionaire . ”
Homeopaths did not use synthetic drugs , of course .
John E. Churchill , president of the Board of Education of New York , called the report a “ menace to the freedom of teaching . ”
Years later , Flexner admitted that he knew nothing about medical education .
But he did not need to in order to serve his employers ’ purposes .
Flexner ’s attack , stepped up by the AMA ’s Council on Medical Education and its State medical boards , closed 25 schools in three years , with more over the years to come , and cut the number of students attending the remaining schools in half .
All non-mainstream practitioners were targeted .
For example , from the early part of the century , consumers preferred optometrists to ophthalmologists on grounds of both service and price .
Yet the AMA derided the optometrists as quacks , and in every State , the AMA - dominated medical boards imposed restrictions on these and other “ sectarian ” practitioners when they could not outlaw them entirely .
Homeopathy still had a remnant of about 13,000 practitioners , supported by a fiercely loyal customer base , but decades of well - financed attacks had taken their toll .
The battle - weary Homeopaths eventually gave in , conceding major parts of their doctrine , but the AMA was not satisfied with anything less than total victory , and today , American Homeopaths practice mostly underground .
With its monopoly , the AMA sought to fix prices .
Early on , the AMA had come to the conclusion that it was “ unethical ” for the consumer to have any say over what he paid .
Common prices were transmuted into professional “ fees , ” and the AMA sought to make them uniform across the profession .
Lowering fees and advertising them were the worst violations of medical ethics and were made illegal .
When fees were raised across the board , as they frequently could be with decreased competition , it was done in secret .
The AMA , in its constant quest for higher incomes through lower competition , also battled churches and other charities that gave free medical care to the poor .
Through lobbying , it attempted to stamp out what it called “ indiscriminate medical charity . ”
A model 1899 law in New York put the control of all free health care under a State Board of Charities dominated by the AMA .
To diminish the amount of free care , the board imposed fines and even jail terms on anyone giving treatment without first getting the patient ’s address and checking on his financial status .
Then there was the problem of pharmacists selling drugs without a doctor ’s prescription .
This was denounced as “ therapeutic nihilism ” and the American Pharmaceutical Association , controlled by the AMA , tried to stamp out the low - cost , in - demand practice .
In nearly every State , the AMA secured laws that made it illegal for patients to seek treatment from a pharmacist .
But still common were pharmacists who refilled prescriptions at customer request .
The AMA lobbied to make this illegal , too , but most State legislatures would n’t go along with this because of constituent pressure .
The AMA got its way through the federal government , of course .
There were other threats that also had to be put down : “ nostrums , ” treatments that did not require a visit to the doctor , and midwives , who had better results than doctors .
Also a danger was “ contracting out , ” a company practice of employing physicians to provide care for its workers .
This was “ unethical , ” said the AMA , and should be illegal .
Fraternal organizations that contracted out for their members were put out of business with legislated price controls , and hospitals – whose accreditation the AMA controlled – were pressured to refuse admittance to patients of contracting - out doctors .
By the end of the Progressive Era , the orthodox profession as led by the AMA had triumphed over all of its competitors .
Through the use of government power , it had come to control education , licensure , treatment , and price .
Later it outcompeted fraternal medical insurance with the State - privileged and subsidized Blue Cross and Blue Shield .
The AMA - dominated Blues , in addition to other benefits , gave us the egalitarian notion of “ community rating , ” under which everyone pays the same price no matter what his condition .
Thus , more importantly than anything else , the federal government needs to lift all federal laws , rules , and decrees that restrict the supply of health care services and stifle competition between health care providers .
Regulatory hurdles for alternative medicine and services performed by non-doctors , such as registered nurses need to be removed .
There is a hole slew of health services that can be performed without knowledge of biochemistry , neural sciences , or similar fields .
Lots of diseases can be diagnosed rather easily and treated just as easily .
Interestingly , nurses are very popular with many people because they are known to take a more holistic and personable approach to dealing with patients ’ concerns .
Anyone in favor of the status quo , such as AMA members will come up with an entire list of arguments against such changes in the system .
This should not surprise us , as I outlined above :
There will always be a small group of entrepreneurs that benefits from the protection awarded against competition and voluntary action on the part of consumers and new entrepreneurs ( in this case alternative practitioners and nurses ) .
There will be the most popular argument of safety and protection against quacks .
But how about we let the consumers and independent rating agencies make this decision ?
What gives us the right to force them into arrangements ?
If these potential competitors are all quacks , then surely their customers and professional raters will post horrible reviews on Yelp.com and other sites and drive tons of traffic back to AMA approved doctors .
On top of that , how do we know the state commissioners are such better raters than the customers and competing agencies ?
To bring up an example in a different field , when you are looking for a good restaurant , whom do you trust more ?
Private raters such as Zagat and Michelin , or the FDA ?
Who trusts a monopoly institution which has no pressure of performing over a profit seeking entrepreneur whose very existence depends upon making successful recommendations ?
I will not here delve into the terrible judgment that the FDA has displayed again and again when it came to approving drugs , and the many people whose lifes have been destroyed , if not taken , due to malpractice on the part of these bureaucrats .
In fact , ironically , under free competition consumers would be a lot more safe than they are under a system where the current sellers are constantly protected against and unchecked by potential competitors .
If state licensure were so indispensable , why do n’t we do away with free competition in all other fields ?
Why not let all services be sanctioned by a federal board and protected against more apt service providers ?
Because it does n’t make any sense at all .
All other arguments you will hear against free enterprise from those who are privileged by a government enforced monopoly can be debunked just as easily and need not concern us at this very point .
2. Legalize importation of drugs
What I wrote regarding doctors and the AMA applies almost verbatim to pharmaceuticals and the The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
Pharmaceutical corporations in the US have , over decades , pushed through federal regulation that shields them from competition .
The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) acts as their protector and deliberately restricts the supply of pharmaceuticals that are available on the market , all in the name of “ drug safety ” .
An important part of limiting the supply of goods is always restricting importation from abroad .
Federal legislation , as per US Code Title 21 , 384 prohibits and restricts the importation of prescription drugs from abroad .
Where it permits it , it imposes burdensome rules and restrictions , the compliance with which costs time and money which , again , makes these goods more expensive to the consumer than they could be .
The quickest and most effective way to put an end to this would be to lift the ban on the importation of drugs from abroad .
If our domestic drugs are so much better an safer , then surely the domestic producers should be delighted about an influx of inferior products which will only reaffirm their position as producers of quality .
But what if the imported drugs are actually just as good , or better , or cheaper than domestically produced drugs .
Well , this would precisely constitute the other piece of our puzzle .
While the AMA has , through federal and state legislation , restricted the number of practitioners available , and prolonged the process of educating such professionals , the pharmaceutical corporations have , through the FDA , limited the amount of drugs on the market and prolonged their approval processes , shutting out small innovative entrepreneurs with less means at their hands , and foreign producers who might have better and certainly cheaper drugs to offer .
Allow at least pharmacists and doctors to import pharmaceuticals from abroad , and prices for such goods will fall rapidly , getting us closer to a state of affairs where medication is affordable to everybody .
3. Allow Medicare / - aid to negotiate prices with drug companies
The federal government collects Medicare and Medicaid taxes from employees to pay for these two programs .
This in itself is bad enough .
But at the very least , if they do so , they should assure us that they put this tax money to proper use and that they will try to get the best deals out of any purchases they make on our behalf .
This in itself is virtually impossible due to the Trouble With Bureaucracy .
But it is downright destructive if the law completely prohibits Medicare / - aid purchasers from negotiating with the drug companies .
Such is unfortunately the case , due to a program called Medicare Part D :
By the design of the program , the federal government is not permitted to negotiate prices of drugs with the drug companies , as federal agencies do in other programs .
The Veterans Administration , which is allowed to negotiate drug prices and establish a formulary , pays 58 % less for drugs , on average , than Medicare Part D. For example , Medicare pays $ 785 for a year ’s supply of Lipitor ( atorvastatin ) , while the VA pays $ 520 .
Medicare pays $ 1,485 for Zocor , while the VA pays $ 127 .
Former Congressman Billy Tauzin , R - La. , who steered the bill through the House , retired soon after and took a $ 2 million a year job as president of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America ( PhRMA ) , the main industry lobbying group .
Medicare boss Thomas Scully , who threatened to fire Medicare Chief Actuary Richard Foster if he reported how much the bill would actually cost , was negotiating for a new job as a pharmaceutical lobbyist as the bill was working through Congress .
This creates nothing but a giant bonanza for these corporations , and ends up driving up costs to everyone .
Change these nonsensical laws , allow the DHS to negotiate drug prices and another important step toward lowering health care cost is taken .
4. Repealing the Kefauver Harris Amendment from 1962 .
I outline why in more detail here :
It is being estimated that drugs could cost about 80 % ( !!) less if it were n’t for these burdensome regulations .
In addition to that , innovation has been stifled immensely .
Most people do n’t even begin to realize what a great health system would be possible if our government simply reduced its excessive meddling .
… ideally , just scrap the entire monstrosity that is the FDA and be done with it .
5. Abolish Patent Laws
Patent laws are mostly favored by supposed free marked economists .
But patent legislation leads to nothing but another state enforced monopoly .
Pharmaceutical companies have been the biggest beneficiaries of US patent law as can be seen in their margins and profitability , keeping away competition and pushing up prices .
Moreover , there is no historical evidence or tenable conceptual logic that corroborates the notion that patent laws foster competition , in fact , quite the opposite is true .
By the way , here is a very informative and entertaining lecture on patent law by patent lawyer and Austrian economist Stephen Kinsalla .
Moving forward
There are many other things that can and must be done in the long run .
The government will have to get out of the way of restricting competition between health insurance providers across state borders , Medicare and Medicaid will have to be phased out for new workers who join the workforce , by enabling them to choose between paying taxes or paying the money into their own health savings account .
And there are probably myriad other things that the government needs to be removed from in order to allow for a dynamic and efficient health care market .
But without addressing the 5 steps I outlined above , all other efforts will be completely and absolutely futile .
Without addressing the root of high health care costs , it does not matter whether we let government alone take care of health insurance , or whether we completely liberalize the health insurance market .
Nothing would change substantially .
We would still be paying high premiums that go into a pool that pays for overly expensive health care products and services .
We would still be faced with an inherent shortage of health care goods and services .
If the cost for medical products and services were to come down significantly , it wo n’t even be necessary to have an insurance for regular treatments and checkups .
Most expenses could be paid out of pocket .
There exists no other market where routine procedures and operations are so expensive that people need insurance to cover them .
Insurance , by its very definition and in every other field , is supposed to be for rare and catastrophic events only .
Only by tackling the root structural , regulatory , and political causes of our problems will we make the dream of affordable health care for everyone a reality .
Update : I added points 4 and 5 after publishing this post .
Related Posts :
* U.S. official says makes sense for China to diversify
* Russia says would like to add more reserve currencies
* U.S. trade deficit concerns resurface
MOSCOW , Sept 11 ( Reuters ) -
There were fresh signs on Friday that both Russia and China will slowly take steps to weaken the dollar ’s role in their currency reserves , adding to pressure on a U.S. unit battered by a changing global economic balance .
Russia -- which has already cut the dollar ’s share in its reserves to under 50 percent -- would like to include another two or three currencies in its investments , central bank First Deputy Chairman Alexei Ulyukayev told Reuters .
[ ID : nMOS005528 ]
The U.S. Treasury ’s economic and financial emissary to China said it made sense for China to diversify its huge stockpile of foreign exchange reserves , which reached the equivalent of $ 2.13 trillion at the end of June .
[ ID : nPEK61981 ]
“ The general issue is that China has a huge amount of reserves and it makes some sense to diversify what you put these reserves ( into ) , ” David Dollar told a meeting of the World Economic Forum in the northeast Chinese city of Dalian .
“ It ’s healthy to have a wide and different type of reserve currencies . ”
Worries over dollar sales by two of the world 's top three reserve holders have surfaced several times in recent months , hurting the dollar , which now trades around a 1 - year low against a basket of six major currencies .
DXY .
The deepening of the financial crisis last year , and the broad economic downturn that followed , benefitted the dollar as risk - wary investors rushed to store cash in the relatively safe haven of U.S. government bonds .
But with nascent signs that the worst of the global slump is over , investors have grown more hungry for emerging currencies and other riskier assets , and talk of a broader move away from the dollar has resurfaced .
Equity investors shifted funds into Europe , China and Japan in the latest week , continuing a trend of shifting to riskier , high - yielding assets , EPFR data showed .
[ ID : nHKG11003 ]
U.N. BACKED
The comments follow a call from United Nations economists earlier this week for the creation of a new world reserve system using several currencies , and not just the dollar .
[ ID :nL7696421 ]
China has made clear to other world leaders that it wants a better , more stable global reserve currency system , but analysts say Beijing is in no rush to dethrone the dollar because it has vast dollar - denominated assets .
The issue has been aired at meetings of the G8 industrial powers this year , but there has been no mention of it in official summit statements and leaders say there has as yet been no real discussion .
But with the economic case against the greenback -- and for faster - growing economies like China and Asia in general -- growing , markets are growing steadily more suspicious that the currency ’s long - term status is under threat .
“ There ’s discussion about diversification , Fed credibility , and the re-emergence of the U.S. current account deficit , ” Michael Klawitter , senior strategist at Commerzbank in Frankfurt , said on Friday .
“ All these factors weigh on dollar sentiment . ”
Signs of an improvement in U.S. growth in recent days have also failed to lift the dollar .
A surge in imports led to news on Thursday of a record trade deficit in July [ ID : nN10386688 ] , re-awakening concerns about the country ’s economic imbalances .
( Reporting by Yelena Fabrichnaya and Lidia Kelly in Moscow , Jamie McGeever in London , Eadie Chen and Jason Subler in Dalian , China ; Writing by Toni Vorobyova , editing by Dmitry Sergeyev and Patrick Graham )
maʻona
The blogging world was a different place when I started this site nearly six years ago , and I was a different person .
When I launched maʻona in January 2005 to share my excitement for Hawaiian food and food in Hawaii , Facebook was restricted to college students and Twitter was n't even a dream .
New food blogs popped up on a daily basis , each with their own niche .
Maʻona existed to share my excitement for food in Hawaii through recipes , restaurant reviews and diatribes on the politics of eating .
Whole conversations and friendships sprouted around specific posts .
I became a better person through it all .
Today , the energy and enthusiasm that once swirled around blogs has shifted to other mediums like Facebook , Twitter , and conglomerations like Chowhound .
Many , many fantastic food blogs still exist , but those that have endured are the best of the best .
The bar has been raised .
The writing has been on the wall for a while now : although my love of food continues to grow without bounds , I simply do n't have time to write about it all with the research and care people came to trust from maʻona .
There are only 24 hours each day , most of which is spent with family , on my web development / hosting business , coaching various kid 's sports , and ... actually cooking ( of course ) !
I 've taken the archives offline , but please contact me if you came hunting a specific recipe or review .
I 'd be happy to send it to you .
Thanks for reading — I hope it was worth your while .
Mālama pono .
Alan Ritari
December 2 , 2010
alan@maona.net
@aritari
The U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals granted the Federal Reserve ‘s request for a stay Tuesday morning , delaying the release of public records containing information about banks ’ lending activities during the financial crisis .
The Fed requested the emergency stay last week as it fights a lawsuit brought by Bloomberg News .
The news and information company sued the Fed in November 2008 after the Fed withheld requested records stored at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Bloomberg reporters requested information about the sale of Bear Stearns , as well as detailed accounts of which financial institutions borrowed money from the Fed ’s discount window and other lending facilities between April and May 2008 .
The Southern District Court of New York ruled in favor of Bloomberg in August and ordered the Fed to disclose the withheld records .
The Fed requested and was granted a temporary stay from the district court , but had to file for a second when the case moved to the circuit court level .
In its original request for a stay , the Fed argued that disclosing lending information would undermine confidence in the banks borrowing through its programs .
“ Public disclosure is likely to cause substantial competitive injury to these financial institutions including the loss of public confidence in the institution , runs on banks , and possible failure of some institutions , ” Associate General Counsel Yvonne Mizusawa wrote .
Bloomberg filed a brief opposing the Fed ’s request for a stay on Monday .
Despite months of outward ambivalence about creating a government health insurance plan , the Obama White House has launched a behind - the - scenes campaign to get divided Senate Democrats to take up some version of the idea for a final vote in the coming weeks .
President Obama has cited a preference for the so - called public option .
But faced with intense criticism over the summer , he strategically expressed openness to health cooperatives and other ways to offer consumers potentially more affordable alternatives to private health plans .
In the last week , however , senior administration officials have been holding private meetings almost daily at the Capitol with senior Democratic staff to discuss ways to include a version of the public plan in the healthcare bill that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) plans to bring to the Senate floor this month , according to senior Democratic congressional aides .
Among those regularly in the meetings are Obama ’s top healthcare advisor , Nancy - Ann DeParle ; aides to Reid ; and staff from the Senate Finance and Health committees , both of which developed healthcare bills .
Advertisement
The measure that goes to the floor will be an amalgam of the two committees ’ bills , put together by Reid and key Democrats .
The health committee bill contains a national government plan ; the finance committee version does not .
Obama has also been reaching out personally to rank - and - file Senate Democrats , telephoning more than a dozen in the last week to press for action .
The White House initiative , unfolding largely out of public view , follows months in which the president appeared to defer to senior lawmakers on Capitol Hill as they labored to put together gargantuan healthcare bills .
It also marks a crucial test of Obama ’s command of the inside game in Washington in which deals are struck behind closed doors and wavering lawmakers are cajoled and pressured into supporting major legislation .
Advertisement
The challenge is to go to the Senate floor and hold the deal , said Steve Elmendorf , a lobbyist who served as chief of staff to former House Democratic leader Dick Gephardt .
“ They are more involved than people think , ” he said .
“ They have a plan and a strategy , and they know what they want to get , and they work with people to get it . ”
With the Senate Finance Committee wrapping up work on its legislation and moving toward a formal committee vote this week , senior Democrats in the House and Senate are furiously working on detailed compromises to ensure enough votes to pass healthcare bills out of the two chambers later this month .
Although on paper Democrats hold majorities in both houses , nailing down those majorities has not been easy -- particularly in the Senate , where Democrats need a 60 - vote supermajority to head off a Republican filibuster .
The party commands a 60 - to - 40 majority , including two independents , but several centrist Democrats have expressed reservations about parts of Obama ’s healthcare agenda .
No issue has proved more divisive than the proposal to create a national insurance plan , to be operated by the federal government and offered to some consumers as an alternative to private insurance .
Advertisement
Though favored by liberals as the best way to protect consumers from high premiums charged by commercial insurers , a government plan is still viewed with wariness or hostility by many conservative Democratic lawmakers and nearly all Republicans .
Just last week , two proposals to create a national government plan were defeated in the finance committee when Republicans and conservative Democrats voted against them .
Those votes were viewed by some as the death knell of the public option , but the White House and its congressional allies are under heavy pressure from the Democratic Party ’s liberal base to breathe life back into it .
That has Democratic leaders looking for ways to insert some form of the concept into a Senate bill without jeopardizing centrist support .
Advertisement
To that end , Obama is lavishing attention on moderate lawmakers while he continues to talk up the public option .
He has met repeatedly in private with Sen. Olympia J. Snowe ( R - Maine ) , who has floated a “ trigger ” proposal that would allow states to set up government plans as a fallback if commercial insurers did not control premiums .
The president has also personally discussed healthcare at least three times recently with Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , one of the most outspoken Democratic critics of the public option .
When Obama spoke by phone with Sen. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) last week , he made a point of the breadth of support for the public option , she said in an interview .
Cantwell authored a proposal to let states set up public plans , which Democrats added to the Senate Finance Committee bill on Wednesday .
Advertisement
And when Pennsylvania Democrats came to the White House recently to celebrate the Pittsburgh Penguins ’ Stanley Cup win , Obama pulled some of them aside and reiterated his commitment to the public option even as Baucus was preparing a bill without one .
Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill are also laboring to reverse the impression that the public option is a politically risky vote for conservative Democrats .
New York Sen. Charles E. Schumer , the chamber ’s third - ranking Democrat , has been canvassing centrist Democrats to explore ways they might support a new government plan .
“ I have talked to every one of our conservative members and they are open to some kind of public option , ” he told reporters last week .
Advertisement
And at a closed - door meeting of Senate Democrats on Tuesday , Assistant Majority Leader Richard J. Durbin ( D - Ill . ) marshaled polling data from districts represented by conservative Democrats that showed a majority would back the requirement that Americans get health insurance so long as there was a public option .
“ To argue that this is some fringe position is to ignore the obvious , ” Durbin said .
The nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation ’s September healthcare survey showed 57 % of Americans support the creation of a “ public health insurance option similar to Medicare , ” down just two percentage points from the August and July surveys .
Those polls have also been followed closely at the White House .
Advertisement
By including a plan in the bill that the full Senate will debate , the White House and Democratic congressional leaders could force Republicans to try to remove it .
“ One of the most consistently popular ideas in the healthcare debate is the public option , more popular than health reform generally , ” said Paul Begala , a veteran Democratic strategist and former senior aide to President Clinton .
“ It ’s good politics . ”
But Obama and Reid are treading carefully , wary of including a provision that would scare off moderates such as Snowe , Nelson and Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , who have all indicated they would not support a national public plan .
Besides Snowe ’s trigger approach and Cantwell ’s proposal , an alternative is being considered from Sen. Thomas R. Carper ( D - Del. ) that would also give states flexibility to set up their own public plans .
Advertisement
The White House remains sensitive about being viewed as dictating what lawmakers should do .
Last week , DeParle and National Economic Council Director Larry Summers told a group of House Democratic leaders that the president is still open - minded about options , according to one Democratic aide .
“ You get a lot of resentment when the White House comes in to do Congress ’ job , ” said Dan Meyer , a lobbyist who served as President George W. Bush ’s last legislative affairs chief and was a longtime senior aide to House GOP leaders .
--
Advertisement
noam.levey@latimes.com
janet.hook@latimes.com
Peter Nicholas of the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
Every artist sees the world differently and depicts his special and unique vision in all of the artwork he creates .
This collection of contemporary artists ’ illustrations demonstrate this through the photography , photomanipulation , and illustration of women .
Here we present the illustrations of 13 artists and designers .
You wo n’t see the same approach twice .
Be unique and enjoy the world you help create !
Tony Ariwan
Website : www.area105.com
Geliografic
Website : www.geliografic.com
Aeiko
Website : www.supercombo.co.uk
Cristiano Siquiera
Website : www.crisvector.com
Adrian Knopik
Website : www.behance.net/RARRFC
Lock Sin
Website : www.behance.net/iamLOCKSIN
Alberto Seveso
Website : www.burdu976.com
Adam Spizak
Website : www.spizak.com
ISE Ratinan Thaijareorn
Website : dieeis.wordpress.com
Raphael Vicenzi
Website : www.mydeadpony.com
Yu Cheng Hong
Website : www.yuchenghong.com
Radim Malinic
Website : www.brandnu.co.uk
Alena Lavdovskaya
Website : www.lavdovskaya.com
A harmless video being shown to elementary school children in California to teach respect for cross - dressers is outraging the right - wing media .
O'Reilly and his republican strategist guest Margaret Hoover are saying its " inappropriate " to teach about cross dressing and that this is a " small segment of the population that 's not worth discussing " .
He claims that this video is tantamount to " social engineering " and that " they have a lot of power " ratcheting up fears that the gay and transgender community are trying to infiltrate schools with a queer agenda .
Tell Bill O'Reilly to stop his " culture war " against LGBT Americans :
oreilly@foxnews.com
District 9 : The New Trailer
Remember Neill Blomkamp , the chap who created the awesome live - action Halo 3 short films ?
Well , District 9 is his new major motion picture , being released on August 12th .
And this is the latest trailer for it .
The trailer looks epic and the film looks great , and I only wish now that he ’d been given the reigns to an actual Halo movie .
Peter Jackson is producing ( presenting ?
taking full credit for ? ) so you know that this will spark love in many a geek ’s heart … mine included .
Check it out and enjoy the eye candy for today .
Chrysler May Not Make It Another Year
Rumors , credible rumors , are beginning to circulate in the car industry and the automotive press , that Chrysler may not make it another year primarily due to its falling sales and growing financial losses at partner Fiat .
Chrysler sold a 62,197 cars in September down 42 % from the same month last year .
The figure was down from 93,222 in August when traffic to dealers was pushed up by the “ cash for clunkers ” program .
Chrysler ’s problems may only be beginning and , if so , Fiat , the “ managing partner ” among Chrysler ’s owners may not be able to keep the American company intact .
Chrysler has operated at a disadvantage to the Japanese for some time .
That has been true of all three US car companies .
Now that each has restructured , each has more leverage against a lower costs base .
That should allow GM , Ford ( F ) , and Chrysler to make an operating profit even with domestic light vehicles sales running at a rate of only 10 million a year .
But , Chrysler still has disadvatages which start with the age of its fleet and extend to the problem that it no longer has enough market share to cover even a lower cost base .
GM has the capital and the daring to offer its cars for a 60 - day test drive .
There is some financial risk to the action , but GM has enough new models coming to market that the odds of people turning in cars is relatively small .
GM had a hard September with sales down 45 % to 156,673 , but the new promotion ought to improve its share in October and November .
Ford has demonstrated the ongoing strength of its new model line .
In September , Ford ’s sales only dropped 5 % to 114,655 .
That means that Ford is picking up market share rapidly and some of that is probably coming at Chrysler ’s expense .
The Congressional Oversight Panel has already said taxpayers will not see most of the $ 81 billion that they put into the American car industry .
The $ 14.3 billion put into Chrysler is more and more likely to be lost completely .
The biggest single loser if Chrysler cannot survive is the UAW which owns 55 % of the company .
The daily management of Chrysler is controlled by Fiat which owns 20 % of the US company with options which could take that amount to 35 % .
Fiat has not put any money into Chrysler , so if the American firm becomes a significant operational or management burden there are very few reason for the Italian company , which has sales troubles of its own in Europe , to stay long term .
Fiat lost $ 254 million in the second quarter , so its board may eventually believe that Chrysler is a distraction and one without a future .
Chrysler is not just up against the traditional competition of its two domestic rivals and Toyota ( TM ) , Honda ( HMC ) , and Nissan .
South Korean upstart Hyundai is posting sales improvements even as the car market remains weak and in September it posted a sales increase of 27 % to 31,511 , about half of Chrysler ’s sales for the month .
Hyundai ’s strength is in small fuel - efficient cars , the market where Chrysler needs to find success with its products and those from Fiat .
At this point , the Chrysler product line is still dominated by mid-sized sedans , SUVs from Jeep , minivans , and pick - ups like the Dodge Ram .
The company has no real product in the alterative energy / hybrid segment .
Chrysler ’s domestic market share in September 2008 was 11.1 % , according to Edmunds .
Based on sales figures released by the industry today , that share is now closer to 7.5 %
Even Chrysler ’s traditional rivals are doing well despite a harsh market .
Nissan sold 55,393 light vehicles last month , down only 7 % from a year ago .
Toyota ( TM ) sold 126,015 , down12.7 % and now has sales which are about double Chrysler ’s .
Honda ’s sales for the month were 77,229 cars and light trucks .
The number was down 20 % , but it means Honda was still very likely to have picked up share in the American market .
Chrysler sales are now running at the rate of 750,000 a year .
It probably does not have the capital to wait through another year of low US car sales with a market share that is almost certainly to stay below 8 % .
It does not have models tailored to the current market tastes .
Chrysler is going out of business .
The company just has n’t made it official .
Douglas A. McIntyre
If , like me , you ’re studying positive psychology , or if you ’re keeping up with the field for personal or professional reasons , you will find the following links useful .
They are great for finding new information and opinions , and especially for getting hard - to - find journal articles in PDF :
Positive Psychology Search
– The Google of positive psychology
Positive Psychology News Daily
– Great site , regular updates .
Written mostly by current and former positive psychology students .
Friends of PP
– Very good email list .
Very frequent emails , so DO NOT sign up to this with your usual email address !
Authentic Happiness
– This is where to find all the questionnaires for happiness , character strengths , and so on .
Researchers and Labs
Places to find journal articles and in - press papers of researchers .
Most researchers have a webpage , but I ’ve only included those you can get papers from .
The topic areas are not exhaustive , they ’re just to give an idea of the main research interests .
Some are not ‘ positive psychologists ’ as such , but their work overlaps .
I have n’t found everyone , but will update as I find more .
If you know any more , please leave a comment with a link .
Robert Biswas - Diener
– Well - being , strengths , coaching ; this is the guy that travelled the world studying happiness in various cultures .
Richard Davidson
– Mindfulness meditation , emotion , neuroscience , neuroplasticity , general brain stuff ; this is the guy that did the brain scans of trained Buddhist monks .
See also : Lab for Affective Neuroscience ( Wisconsin )
– The lab that the above guy is the head of .
Lots of stuff here .
Edward Deci / Richard Ryan
– Self - determination theory – very comprehensive site , probably all you will need on this topic .
Ed Diener
– Subjective well - being / happiness and related topics .
One of the main researchers into well - being .
Barbara Fredrickson
– Positive emotions , happiness , she came up with broaden - and - build theory .
Compassion Lab ( umich )
Jane Dutton et al “ We are a group of researchers working in business schools who strive to create a new vision of organizations as sites for the development and expression of compassion . “
Gallup Research Reports
– “ Gallup experts and senior scientists are continually analyzing Gallup data and sharing their findings with fellow academics , researchers , and opinion leaders . ”
Daniel Gilbert
– Useful site to stumble on , click “ writing ” for papers , his blog is also good .
Jon Haidt
– Morality .
See both the ‘ Research and Publications ( Full List ) ’ and ‘ Positive Psychology Stuff ’ sections .
Barbara Held
– A philosophical psychologist with some interesting critiques of positive psychology .
Todd Kashdan
– Well - being , abnormal psychology , mood , anxiety .
Author of “ Curious ? ”
Marcial Losada
– “ Interaction dynamics and productivity of business teams . ”
Discovered the ‘ Losada Line ’ ; the 3:1 ratio of positivity to negativity that effective teams display .
Sonja Lyubomirsky
– Happiness , positive emotions .
She wrote the popular book “ The How of Happiness ”
Barry Schwartz
– If you ’re not spoilt for choice already , here are Schwartz ’s papers .
( scroll down for the ones with pdfs ; older papers only ) .
Martin Seligman / Positive Psychology Centre
– Positive Psychology ’s founder , Martin Seligman runs this centre .
Hover on ‘ PPC research ’ for papers .
Ken Sheldon
– Goals , motivation , psychological needs , plus many other topics .
Lots of papers available here .
Michael Steger
– Meaning and quality of life .
Heather Urry / Emotion , Brain and Behaviour Lab ( Tufts University )
– “ Studying the brain and body correlates of emotion , from reaction to regulation ”
VIA Institute
– Values In Action model of strengths homepage .
For some reason they only offer abstracts , but it ’s a good starting point .
Leave a comment , if you know any more .
If all of this means nothing to you :
What is Positive Psychology ?
One answer :
What is positive psychology ?
Another answer : What and Why is Positive Psychology ?
Some good blogs on positive psychology :
http://www.centreforconfidence.co.uk/pp/emilysnews.php
What About Non-Academics ?
The above sources are journals / technical papers .
If that ’s not your cup of tea , try the following books ( full disclosure : all are Amazon affiliate links ) :
And the following sites :
wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors .
To create this article , 98 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time .
This article has been viewed 748,364 times .
X
To cook popcorn on your stove , start by putting 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil and just 2 kernels of corn in a pan on medium heat .
As soon as those kernels pop , add the remaining kernels as suggested by the package , and put the cover on the pan so it ’s slightly ajar to let steam escape .
Start shaking the pan gently to keep the kernels from burning , and continue shaking until the popping stops .
Then , turn off the heat , wait a few more seconds for any last kernels to pop , and remove the lid .
To learn how to cook popcorn in your microwave , keep reading !
BEIJING / SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Gold might be a luxury most can live without when times are hard , but for cautious investors in China , the world ’s top producer and consumer of bullion , it has become a matter of necessity .
A sales representative ( R ) talks to a customer at a jewellery store which sells gold in Hong Kong October 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
Jewelry sales might take a hit in China after prices hit a record high of $ 1,043.45 an ounce on Tuesday , but amid ongoing economic uncertainty , many in the financial community still prefer bullion to bonds , analysts said in comments made before the record was struck .
The government itself -- also looking for a safe haven for its foreign currency reserves -- is also likely to increase its gold holdings , which now officially stand at 1,054 metric tons .
“ Consumption in China is expected to rise , as it is supported by expectations of inflation , and I also believe the government will increase its reserves , ” Yao Haiqiao , president of Longgold Asset Management , said .
Only around 1.6 percent of China ’s forex reserves is held in gold , and that figure is expected to rise , Sun Zhaoxue , chairman of the China Gold Association , said earlier this year .
World gold prices have broken the $ 1,020 per ounce barrier for the first time since March 2008 as investors seek a safe haven from uncertainty about the world economy and the dollar .
While some have warned the price might not be sustainable , Chinese buyers are still expected to remain active .
“ Consumers are sensitive about the prices , so rising gold prices will definitely hit purchases in India and China .
We have seen a rapid drop in India ’s jewelry consumption in the first half so a similar story could be happening in China , ” said Zoe Wang , analyst with Shanghai CIFCO Futures .
“ But in terms of investment , purchases are rising , as more people are using gold as a hedging tool .
Such purchases will obviously increase in China . ”
China is already the world ’s biggest gold producer , and in the first half of this year , consumption of the precious metal also became the highest in the world , overtaking India .
Albert Cheng , Far East managing director at the World Gold Council , said Chinese gold purchases for investment reached a record high of 70 metric tons in 2008 .
With jewelry sales expected to fall -- even in the biggest market of China , the only one to show any growth in 2008 -- it is investment purchases that continue to drive up prices .
“ The Chinese buy more gold bars in banks while Indians buy more jewelry , ” said Longgold ’s Yao .
HIGHER PRICES EXPECTED
While investors abroad warn $ 1,000 per ounce might not be sustainable , many in China are more confident .
“ Just because the price is high they will not suddenly start selling , ” said China Gold Association vice - chairman Hou Huimin .
“ There have n’t been any big changes in behavior in China . ”
With demand still considerably higher than supply , there is
room for more price increases , said Ellison Chu with Standard Bank in Hong Kong .
“ We will see how this price level will affect the market but personally I think it can go higher .
If the market gets used to this price level , I think it has the potential to move higher . ”
Longgold ’s
Yao said China ’s gold investors had already climbed on the bandwagon and , in the absence of attractive alternatives , were reluctant to jump off .
“ The herd mentality plays a big role in the Chinese investment market , ” said Longgold ’s Yao .
“ I do n’t worry about rising gold prices hurting people because Chinese people pursue products whose prices are rising . ”
Further price support was likely to come from the Chinese government , which is expected to increase its gold reserves in the near future , Yao added .
SAFE HAVEN
Chinese investors have fought hard for the right to trade in new financial instruments and they are not likely to panic - sell their gold as a result of the price surge , Chu said .
“ If you look at the stock market in the last few months , there has been volatility and rumors , and people are looking for something more stable .
They can expect continuous growth in gold .
I think it is a good way for them to invest . ”
Currency devaluations , dramatic cuts in interest rates and the threat of inflation have made gold one of the few attractions left in China , where investors have fewer options .
“ I think as long as investment tools in China are fewer than in the western world , people will want to hold on to something . ”
FCC To Introduce Net Neutrality Rule
Julius Genachowski , chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , plans to propose a new so - called net neutrality rule Monday that could prevent telecommunications , cable and wireless companies from blocking Internet applications , according to sources at the agency .
Genachowski will discuss the rules Monday during a keynote speech at The Brookings Institute .
He is n't expected to drill into many details , but the proposal will specifically be for an additional guideline on how operators like AT&T , Verizon , and Comcast can control what goes on their networks .
That additional guideline would prevent the operators from discriminating , or act as gatekeepers , of Web content and services .
The guidelines in place today have been criticized by applications developers like Google and public interest groups for not going far enough to clarify what is defined as discriminatory behavior .
Comcast is fighting in federal court an FCC ruling that it violated the guidelines by blocking a video application last year .
AT&T and Verizon have said existing rules are sufficient , and more regulation is unnecessary .
However , they have also said they would n't fight against an additional guideline that focuses on discriminatory behavior .
The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity because details of the new regulations have n't been officially announced .
The new rule would be the first bold move by Genachowski , who served as President Obama 's technology advisor during the campaign and transition .
The rule could upset wireless , telecom and cable operators who have fought against regulations that would give them less control over traffic that runs on their networks .
They argue that they need to maintain flexibility to manage traffic to ensure some applications do n't take up too much bandwidth and make Web access slower for some users .
The agency is expected to review what traffic management is reasonable and what practices are discriminatory .
The guidelines are known as " principals " at the agency , which some public interest groups have sought to codify so that they would clearly be enforceable by the agency .
The debate over net neutrality encompasses a wide variety of technology companies .
Some -- like Google -- create applications for the Web and want customers to have easy access to their wares .
Network owners , however , find themselves increasing on the defensive ; their traditional business of providing phone and television has been challenged by upstarts providing much of the same content on the Web .
Such network operators have drawn scrutiny of late .
Google revealed Friday in letters to the FCC that Apple rejected its voice service and a mapping service on the popular iPhone and Internet voice service Skype has fought for rules that would prevent companies like AT&T from keeping its service off its wireless 3G network .
The FCC asked AT&T , Apple and Google to respond to questions about allegations that Google Voice was blocked .
Apple denies it rejected the application , saying it is still evaluating whether to permit it on the iPhone .
And it is unclear whether the FCC can regulate the manufacturers of wireless phones , which some argue are part of wireless networks and others say are separate from networks and not under the jurisdiction of the agency .
Consumer interest groups have pushed for new rules and key lawmakers Thursday ratcheted up the debate when Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Calif. ) , chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee said he would co-author a net neutrality bill with Rep. Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) and Anna Eschoo ( D - Calif . ) .
" If the commission moves forward on network neutrality , it will achieve the president 's signature tech policy agenda item , " said Ben Scott , director of policy at public interest group Free Press .
" And it 's a firm move to protect the open Internet for consumers and producers of content in a competitive marketplace of speech and commerce . "
By Cecilia Kang | September 18 , 2009 ; 2:15 PM ET | Category : Cecilia Kang
Previous : Google Goes Public : Apple Nixed Our App | Next : Reader Asks if Net Neutrality Rule Spells Higher Costs for Users
Add Post I.T. to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Stay on top of the latest Post I.T. news !
This easy - to - use widget is simple to add to your own Web site and will update every time there 's a new installment of Post I.T .
Blogs That Reference This Entry
TrackBack URL for this entry :
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/cgi-bin/mt/mt-tb.cgi/62879
Posted by : MPNangle | September 18 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : ziggyzap | September 18 , 2009 3:23 PM
Posted by : vze2r3k5 | September 18 , 2009 3:26 PM
Posted by : bs2004 | September 18 , 2009 3:29 PM
Posted by : Quadspect | September 18 , 2009 3:46 PM
Posted by : EvreeMan | September 18 , 2009 3:54 PM
Posted by : skrut003 | September 18 , 2009 3:56 PM
Posted by : DAMNEDGENTLEMEN | September 18 , 2009 4:02 PM
Posted by : Jeff50 | September 18 , 2009 4:14 PM
Posted by : phlynhi | September 18 , 2009 4:22 PM
Posted by : BobShegitz | September 18 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : antonio3 | September 18 , 2009 4:25 PM
Posted by : ricardo4max | September 18 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : KHMJr | September 18 , 2009 4:45 PM
Posted by : wpfree | September 18 , 2009 4:49 PM
Posted by : snackmaster | September 18 , 2009 4:55 PM
Posted by : theobserver4 | September 18 , 2009 5:00 PM
Posted by : fastfacts | September 18 , 2009 5:11 PM
Posted by : ckehne | September 18 , 2009 5:12 PM
Posted by : MarkLai2 | September 18 , 2009 5:21 PM
Posted by : fastfacts | September 18 , 2009 5:26 PM
Posted by : sharkcellar | September 18 , 2009 5:30 PM
Posted by : gannon_dick | September 18 , 2009 5:34 PM
Posted by : HerLao | September 18 , 2009 5:35 PM
Posted by : Wallenstein | September 18 , 2009 5:52 PM
Posted by : iMac77 | September 18 , 2009 5:52 PM
Posted by : John1263 | September 18 , 2009 6:08 PM
Posted by : revbookburn | September 18 , 2009 6:15 PM
Posted by : solsticebelle | September 18 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : Garak | September 18 , 2009 6:59 PM
Posted by : John1263 | September 18 , 2009 7:09 PM
Posted by : treetopflyer | September 18 , 2009 7:29 PM
Posted by : walker2 | September 18 , 2009 7:37 PM
Posted by : welovetheUSA | September 18 , 2009 7:38 PM
Posted by : sw11231 | September 18 , 2009 8:05 PM
Posted by : sw11231 | September 18 , 2009 8:08 PM
Posted by : sw11231 | September 18 , 2009 8:26 PM
Posted by : tmtfairfax | September 18 , 2009 9:07 PM
Posted by : jlarranaga | September 18 , 2009 9:10 PM
Posted by : aldobarcelona | September 19 , 2009 2:26 AM
Posted by : ricardo4max | September 19 , 2009 7:38 AM
Posted by : omit22 | September 19 , 2009 9:58 AM
Posted by : ringmaster76120 | September 19 , 2009 10:22 AM
Posted by : mlacons | September 19 , 2009 11:04 AM
Posted by : ricardo4max | September 19 , 2009 11:49 AM
Posted by : mlacons | September 19 , 2009 12:05 PM
Posted by : ricardo4max | September 19 , 2009 12:41 PM
Posted by : cjm3 | September 19 , 2009 4:28 PM
Posted by : mattj98 | September 20 , 2009 3:39 AM
Posted by : mattj98 | September 20 , 2009 4:43 AM
Posted by : trff2 | September 20 , 2009 7:41 AM
Posted by : ricardo4max | September 20 , 2009 7:59 PM
Posted by : bobjones165 | September 20 , 2009 9:20 PM
Freedom Calls service is currently down due to tech issues , but we will soon back with some new numbers for you to make free international calls ,
In order to stay tuned please like us on Facebook or Subscribe your email .
Call India & China Completely
Free from your Landline ( just pay for the local call charge ) .
Call 1300 449 420 from any Landline to start making your Free calls .
* Call duration Max 5 minutes , to speak more call again !
News Feed
Freedomcalls
It was not long before when making overseas calls used to be an expensive affair .
Even incoming calls where charged in the olden days .
However , the developments in telecommunication technology that took place in the recent years have changed the entire scenario .
Communication industry has undergone drastic changes in the recent years .
This has increased demand for telecommunication services and obviously , increased the number of service providers .
Today , the users enjoy several privileges at relatively lower costs .
With the advent , of telecommunication technology , making an overseas call is no more a vast deal .
There are several service providers in the market .
However , Freedomcalls is unique and stands as a cut above the rest .
Freedomcalls helps you make free international calls .
Yes , by availing the services of Freedomcalls you can make free calls to your beloved ones residing overseas .
Freedomcalls is one of the telecommunication service providers that offer cheap calls from Australia to people residing in nearly sixty countries worldwide .
The user has to place a call to any one of the access numbers displayed in the website of Freedomcalls followed by 0011 along with the country code and telephone number of the recipient .
It gets connected instantaneously .
The call is noise free , hassle free , and totally cost free .
An access number is , just , an Australian number .
Dialing to this number places our mobile call over the internet thereby converting it into an internet call and directs it to the recipient through VOIP ( Voice over internet protocol ) .
The VOIP has been developed , at its facility by Freedomcalls .
This VoIP routes the international call made by a customer through the internet , thus making it a free of cost .
Presently , Freedomcalls provides six access numbers to its customers .
They are 0409 512 286 , 0409 543 103 , 0409 549 837 , 0424 217 781 , 0424 217 783 and 0424 217 785 respectively .
Freedomcalls charges its customers for making a call from their mobile , to the access number .
However , the charge for the international part of it is offered for free of cost .
It means if a customer makes an overseas call through the access numbers offered by Freedomcalls for 60 minutes , then 60 mobile minutes of that the user will be consumed .
The charge for the call will be collected from the users through normal phone bill , issued by the telecommunication service provider .
The user will require to , just , pay for the phone call made to the access number from the mobile number .
The cost of the call would be extremely minimal .
The cost would be almost equivalent to that a local call cost .
Freedomcalls gives its customers the privilege of placing an overseas call at the cost of a local call .
Free international calls could be made from a landline phone too .
To make an international call through Freedomcalls , a person need not even register with their website .
There is no strict procedure such as activation , registration , authorization and authentication .
A user can directly call an access number and get connected to a person residing overseas .
All this can be done within no time .
Thus , a person residing in Australia can call India free and talk for hours together at minimum cost .
Freedomcalls follows hassle - free procedures .
Anyone can make an overseas call at any time through Freedomcalls .
One neither needs to give a notice in advance nor has to reveal his or her personal information to Freedomcalls .
Voice clarity , instant connectivity , 24 x7 online help and immediate are the services that make Freedomcalls unique from its competitors .
One can make free calls to almost sixty 60 countries worldwide by availing services offered by Freedomcalls .
Freedomcalls let the user make free calls to India , Japan , New Zealand , Malaysia , Singapore and many more .
Freedomcalls serves the need of both individual residents and industrial clients .
It aids its customers in making cheap calls all over the globe .
An individual can get connection within no time and converse for a long time .
Free overseas call , which had been a fascination for many , has been turned into a fact by Freedomcalls .
Opportunity knocks the door only once in a lifetime .
It is up to us to avail this precious opportunity .
Take your mobile phone today and place a call to one of the many access numbers and talk with your beloved ones , as much as you can .
The Java programming language provides numerous features to support the construction of large programs , but could do more to reduce JAR hell and simplify application packaging .
This talk will describe how modular programs can address these issues , and how Java language and VM features can be designed to make programs more modular while retaining compatibility with legacy code .
Community members are rallying around Lakeview - Fort Oglethorpe High School cheerleaders after they were banned from displaying signs with Bible verses urging fans and players to " commit to the Lord " and " take courage and do it . "
The banners - the paper ones that football players crash through at the beginning of games - have been common sights in the school 's football stadium since 2003 , local officials say .
" The cheerleaders are not trying to push a religious cause , to shove religion down someone 's throat , " said local youth minister Brad Scott , who was LFO High 's class president in 2004 .
" The cheerleaders are just using Scripture to show motivation and inspiration to the players and the fans . "
Catoosa County Schools spokeswoman Marissa Brower said a Fort Oglethorpe resident lodged a verbal complaint to Superintendent Denia Reese last week , saying that the display of a Bible verse on the football field is a violation of federal law .
A school system statement released Monday said the message constitutes " a violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution for signs with Bible verses to be displayed on the football field . "
Mr. Scott said the ban prompted a rally tonight in support of the cheerleaders outside the Chick - fil - A restaurant on Battlefield Parkway so people can show their support for the cheerleaders and their signs .
A Facebook page called " We Support the LFO Cheerleaders !
LET THEM HAVE THEIR SIGNS BACK ! " also has been established .
Mrs. Reese lends her personal appreciation , if not her official support .
" I regret that we had to ask the LFO cheerleaders to change the signs used in the stadium prior to football games , " Mrs. Reese states .
" Personally , I appreciate this expression of their Christian values ; however , as superintendent I have the responsibility of protecting the school district from legal action by groups who do not support their beliefs . "
An area outside the stadium has been designated so the signs can be used there , she said .
" I rely on reading the Bible daily , and I would never deny our students the opportunity to express their religious beliefs , " she said .
" I appreciate that our community has rallied in support of this LFO tradition . "
Fort Oglethorpe Mayor Ronnie Cobb vehemently disagrees with the ban and said he 'll call on the City Council to support the cheerleaders and their signs .
The signs do n't infringe on anyone 's religious rights and are good for school spirit , he said .
" I 'm totally against them doing away with it , " Mr. Cobb said , adding that the cheerleaders ' rights are being abused .
The mayor said football coach John Allen made the signs a tradition around 2003 and it has continued ever since .
" If it 's offensive to anyone , let them go watch another football game , " he said .
" Nobody 's forced to come there and nobody 's forced to read the signs . "
Current head football coach Todd Windham said the school system must obey the law , despite everyone 's opinions .
" Just my standpoint , I thought the banners were unique , " Mr. Windham said .
" I really feel for the girls who prepare the banners and I think they really do a good job .
They prepare a whole season 's worth during the summer and they put in a lot of work on those . "
However , officials say the school system 's position centers on the trust between students ' parents and what the system teaches .
" Families entrust public schools with the education of their children , but condition their trust on the understanding that school activities will not purposely be used to advance religious views that may conflict with their religious beliefs , " the system 's release states .
" As a result , the courts prohibit rabbi-led prayers at school sporting events , Wiccan posters in gymnasiums and reading the Quran over the school public announcement system . "
Catoosa officials say the U.S. Supreme Court has " ruled that religious activities at high school football games create the ' inescapable conclusion ' that the school endorses the religious activity . "
Such violations open the system to " lawsuits resulting in injunctions , unnecessary legal costs and damages that have to be paid by the local taxpayers , and possibly the loss of federal funding , " according to the statement .
Mr. Scott said the " separation of church and state " has nothing to do with cheerleaders who are not " part of the state " and simply want to offer an inspirational message with signs they made on their own time .
Mr. Scott , who ministers to some of the cheerleaders who attend his church , said the most recent sign he saw quoting from Timothy 1:7 could be considered inspirational in many settings .
" All those words ; ' power , love , self - discipline ' can be applied to the game , encourage the players and show school spirit , " he said .
Local resident and 1992 LFO alum Jeremy Jones called the decision " premature . "
" To act on the complaint of one person ... seems premature , " Mr. Jones said .
" The cheerleaders have raised their own money for this project and have worked hard to make these signs . "
Several players were upset by the ruling and decided to hold a team prayer after they took the field last week , Mr. Windham said .
" That was something new , but it was something they wanted to do to show support for the cheerleaders , " he said .
Following each game there is a player - led prayer , he said , but under their interpretation of the law , the coaches cannot lead a prayer .
Staff Writer Lyndsey
Young contributed to this story .
If you have photos of Bible verses at LFO football games send them to dbarry@timesfreepress.com
Description
Create your own fortune .
Travel the land seeking to destroy the Buccaneers , an evil pirate organization bent on being outlaws ... or join the Enforcers to help stop them and bring piece to the land !
You decide , you build your fate , and in the end you choose the path you want to take and how to get there .
Frontier is a non-traditional RPG , taking mostly the form of an economics game ... but in the sense that you 're not set on a linear path to go destroy certain enemies or collect items .
Your job is to survive , earn money , and do as you please .
Destroy the Buccaneers or take down an entire city for your taking .
Join the Enforcers and battle it out with some mercenaries to become true evil .
50 different cities beckon your trade and visit , each located in 10 unique environments and place .
Each offers new financial opportunity or guild headquarters to find more purpose in your worldly pursuits .
Enjoy !
===============
Please send bug reports to john+frontier@armorgames.com
Note that new versions may require a new game to see changes .
Your old game will still work fine , however , if you wish to continue your game .
===============
VERSION 1.1 ( may have to refresh the page to see )
- NaN character glitching patched
- Buccaneer Initiant Level reworded , fixed
- Stray icons from Party page fixed
- Comma bug removed
- Stray autofight button cleared
- Total cargo on vessel purchased now graphically updated
+ Graphical Improvements overall
+ 50 Achievements Added !
+ Logo and menu screen updated
Both Israel and Hamas have rejected the charges in Mr Goldstone 's report The UN Human Rights Council has backed a report into the Israeli offensive in Gaza that accuses both Israel and Palestinian militants of war crimes .
The report by Richard Goldstone calls for credible investigations by Israel and Hamas , and suggests international war crimes prosecutions if they do not .
Twenty - five countries voted for the resolution , while six were against .
Both Israel and the US opposed official endorsement of the report , saying it would set back Middle East peace hopes .
GOLDSTONE REPORT VOTE For : Argentina , Brazil , China , Russia and 21 others Against : US , Hungary , Italy , the Netherlands , Slovakia and Ukraine Abstentions : Belgium , Bosnia , Burkina - Faso , Cameroon , Gabon , Japan , Mexico , Norway , South Korea , Slovenia and Uruguay No vote : UK , France and 3 others The Palestinian Authority initially backed deferring a vote , but changed its position after domestic criticism .
Palestinians and human rights groups say more than 1,400 Gazans were killed in the 22 - day conflict that ended in January , but Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were killed .
' Culture of impunity '
Before the vote in Geneva - in which 11 countries abstained and five others , including the UK and France , chose not to vote - the Palestinian Authority 's representative argued that the matter was simply about respect for the rule of law .
The UN's High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , meanwhile insisted that now was the time to end the " culture of impunity " which continues to prevail in Israel and the Palestinian Territories .
The report accuses Israel of using " disproportionate force " in Gaza
UN seeks close Gaza scrutiny Key extracts from UN statement Full UN report on Gaza war In contrast , the Israeli government had lobbied intensively against the resolution , saying the Goldstone report was biased against Israel and removed the right of nations to defend themselves against terrorists .
It also complained that the vote was not simply on the Goldstone report , but on a Palestinian - backed resolution that criticised Israel and ignored Hamas .
The resolution also made references to recent Israeli actions East Jerusalem that were not in the document .
The US deputy representative in Geneva agreed , saying that the resolution 's approach and " sweeping conclusions of law " made the prospect of a meaningful Middle East peace process more difficult .
Asked why it did not vote , UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband told the BBC that the British and French governments had been " in the middle of detailed discussions with Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel about three key issues - the establishment of an independent inquiry , humanitarian aid to Gaza and the restart of the peace process " .
" The vote was called in the middle of those discussions and we thought it right to continue with our work on the three fundamental issues so that could really contribute to a reversal of what is a dangerous spiral of trust and mistrust in the Middle East , " he said .
' One - sided resolution '
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says momentum behind the Goldstone report will grow and the UN may take it up in New York .
ANALYSIS Jeremy Bowen
BBC Middle East editor
The row about the report is an antidote to any over - optimistic hope for peace .
In many ways , it is a more honest expression of reality , of the deep divisions that exist , than the uncomfortable handshake between Israel 's prime minister and the Palestinian Authority president that US President Barack Obama manufactured in New York last month .
Mr Obama , who came to office hoping to renew and reinvigorate a peace process , has had another reminder of how difficult a job he has taken on .
Israel says it will not take risks for peace , if it cannot defend itself .
And the Israelis have once again been condemned in an international forum .
There was some confusion among Israel 's European allies .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown had a " robust " discussion with his Israeli counterpart last night , apparently talking about a British abstention in Geneva .
The UK did not vote in the end , although initially the Foreign Office said it had abstained .
Then Downing Street said it was a non-vote rather than a formal abstention .
Perhaps Israeli pressure worked , partly .
Perhaps Mr Brown decided to send a signal to the Israelis , but on second thoughts , not too much of one .
The 575 - page report by the South African judge concluded that Israel had " committed actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " by using disproportionate force , deliberately targeting civilians , using Palestinians as human shields and destroying civilian infrastructure during its offensive in Gaza .
It also found there was also evidence that Palestinian militant groups including Hamas , which controls Gaza , had committed war crimes , and possibly crimes against humanity , in their repeated rocket and mortars attacks on southern Israel .
The report demanded that unless the parties to the Gaza war investigated the allegations of war crimes within six months , the cases should be referred to the International Criminal Court at The Hague .
In the short term , the Human Rights Council resolution will provide some political relief for the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) President , Mahmoud Abbas , our correspondent says .
Mr Abbas had been the butt of intense criticism among the Palestinian public and from his Islamist rivals in Hamas , for initially trying to delay a vote on the Goldstone report , he adds .
In Ramallah , a spokesman for Mr Abbas welcomed the endorsement of the report and said international action should not end there .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" What is important now is to translate words into deeds in order to protect our people in the future from any new aggression , " Nabil Abu Rudainah said .
A Hamas spokesman told the BBC it also supported further UN action , but said nothing about the charges against the group .
" We thank whoever voted for it , and we hope that this vote will be the beginning of the process to bring the Israeli war criminals to justice , " Taher al - Nono said .
The Israeli foreign ministry rejected the " one - sided resolution " , which it said ignored " the murderous attacks perpetrated by Hamas and other terrorist organisations against Israeli civilians " and the " unprecedented precautions taken by Israeli forces in order to avoid harming civilians " .
" This resolution provides encouragement for terrorist organisations worldwide and undermines global peace .
Israel will continue to exercise its right to self - defence , and take action to protect the lives of its citizens , " the statement added .
If the report comes before the UN Security Council , the US is expected to veto any call for ICC action against Israel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Herd Mentality
Conformity is a powerful instinct .
There ’s safety in numbers .
You have to be different to be better , but different is scary .
So of course there ’s some degree of herd mentality in every industry .
But I think it ’s more pronounced , to a pathological degree , in the PC hardware industry .
It was at the root of long - standing punditry holding that Apple should license the Mac OS to other PC makers , or that Apple should dump Mac OS and make Windows PCs .
On the surface , those two old canards seem contradictory — one arguing that Apple should be a hardware company , the other arguing that it should be a software company .
But at their root they ’re the same argument : that Apple should stop being different , and either act just like other PC makers ( and sell computers running Windows ) or else act just like Microsoft ( and sell licenses to its OS ) .
No one argues those two points any more .
But it ’s the same herd mentality that led to the rash of Apple needs to get in the “ netbook ” game punditry that I claim - checked earlier this week .
I could have linked to a dozen others .
The argument , though , is the same : everyone else is making netbooks , so Apple should , too .
Why ?
Because everyone else is .
I think there ’s a simple reason why the herd mentality is worse in the PC industry : Microsoft .
In fact , I think it used to be worse .
A decade ago the entire computing industry — all facets of it — was dominated by a herd mentality that boiled down to Get behind Microsoft and follow their lead , or else you ’ll get stomped .
That ’s no longer true in application software .
The web , and Google in particular , have put an end to that .
But the one area where Microsoft still reigns supreme is in PC operating systems .
PC hardware makers are crippled .
They ca n’t stand apart from the herd even if they want to .
Their OS choices are : ( a ) the same version of Windows that every other PC maker includes ; or ( b ) the same open source Linux distributions that every other PC maker could include but which no customers want to buy .
1
Apple ’s ability to produce innovative hardware is inextricably intertwined with its ability to produce innovative software .
The iPhone is an even better example than the Mac .
It ’s not just that Apple is different among computer makers .
It ’s that Apple is the only one that even can be different , because it ’s the only one that has its own OS .
Part of the industry - wide herd mentality is an assumption that no one else can make a computer OS — that anyone can make a computer but only Microsoft can make an OS .
It should be embarrassing to companies like Dell and Sony , with deep pockets and strong brand names , that they ’re stuck selling computers with the same copy of Windows installed as the no-name brands .
And then there ’s HP , a company with one of the best names and proudest histories in the industry .
Apple made news this week for the design and tech specs of its all - new iMacs , which start at $ 1199 .
HP made news this week for unveiling a Windows 7 launch bundle at Best Buy that includes a desktop PC and two laptops , all for $ 1199 .
That might be great for Microsoft , but how is it good for HP that their brand now stands for bargain basement prices ?
Operating systems are n’t mere components like RAM or CPUs ; they ’re the single most important part of the computing experience .
Other than Apple , there ’s not a single PC maker that controls the most important aspect of its computers .
Imagine how much better the industry would be if there were more than one computer maker trying to move the state of the art forward .
On my short list of professional competitive differentiators , I would list my inbox strategy .
I have a zero tolerance policy for unread mails .
Zero .
Any mail , however big or small , which lands in my inbox , is instantly read .
There is an industrial strength set of mail filters that move mailing list noise out of the way , and yes , that means I ignore a good portion of my incoming mail , but most mail addressed directly to me is consistently and expediently read .
There are other inbox strategies I employ to figure out when and how I respond , too , but I admit the combination of these strategies is not foolproof .
I read mails and never respond , despite having good intentions to do so .
I passively aggressively ignore mails I just do n’t want to answer , and sometimes I just forget to respond .
I have a carefully constructed excuse when I ’m called on these mail transgressions .
It ’s a standard preface in all emails and phone conversations where there needs to be an acknowledgement of neglect and it ’s …
“ Sorry , I ’ve been swamped … ”
This is n’t a lie ; it ’s an excuse .
Now , there is a bit of pride in that I have a life where I ’m scrambling .
Yes , I ’m proud that I ’m busy .
I ’m a happy member of the busy club because I ’ve been to the bored club meetings and , well , they ’re boring .
The pride vanishes in the guilt that there was neglect .
I forget to respond , I fucked up in some manner , and here I am with my standard disclaimer : “ swamped ” .
The guilt is the emotion that lingers .
I just checked my Sent box of 20,483 messages and found the word swamped 712 times … in the last year .
How unoriginal and pathetic .
And then I remember the worst part .
It ’s pathetic because when I use the excuse that I ’m swamped , I ’m telling you absolutely nothing .
On Excuses
I had a boss — we ’ll call him The Leaper for reasons you ’ll understand in a moment .
The Leaper was a bright guy , a worthy mentor , politically savvy , and generally a person who would look out for his team .
The Leaper had a lot of responsibility as VP , so his management strategy was to randomly sample his teams looking for — you guessed it — places to leap .
The Leaper ’s skill lay in his ability to detect bullshit .
Being bright , a former engineer , and familiar with the problem space , he could tell when he was being spun .
He knew when he was hearing less than the truth .
Generally he was understanding when he sampled ambiguity , but there was one sure way to get him to leap : answer a question with an excuse .
The Leaper attacked excuses as a personal affront .
He would n’t let anyone leave the room until it was painfully clear that the excuse card had been played , that it was unacceptable , and that the proper steps were taken to make sure it would never happen again .
For first time excusers , it was a painful perspective adjustment .
See , when The Leaper asked a question where the answerer was n’t comfortable answering , they did what I did when I ignored a mail — they made an excuse .
It ’s a knee - jerk reaction with seemingly little consequence , but that ’s not what The Leaper saw .
He saw the lame diffusion of blame and a weak defense .
An excuse is an abdication of responsibility .
There are no healthy excuses .
I ’ll explain .
On Delivery
“ But Rands , it ’s really Antonio ’s fault !
He owns the deliverable , he missed the date , it ’s his fuck - up . ”
Calm down .
You ’re arguing about the wrong part of the excuse .
An excuse has two parts : the content and the delivery .
Your Antonio content may be spot on , but the reason The Leaper is going to leap on you is your delivery .
It sounds like you ’re diffusing , it sounds like you ’re spinning .
You ’re not delivering the facts , you ’re delivering emotion and weak opinion .
The best data in the world is useless if your means of conveyance is suspect .
Yes , with confidence , you can deliver weak content and not trigger a leap , but this only delays the inevitable .
Your chutzpah may disguise the content , but since your content is weak and you do n’t actually know what you ’re talking about , you ’re eventually going to take the reputation hit … twice .
First , when the crap content is discovered and then again when everyone realizes you were pitching your facts on false confidence .
Well done there .
The irony is thick .
In order to avoid looking like you did n’t know what you were talking about , you opened your mouth and only added to the confusion .
If you told The Leaper , “ I do n’t know , but I will know tomorrow , ” he ’d be cool .
Life in a big or small company is an information game where you are judged by the amount and accuracy of your information .
This game becomes more complex as you leave the individual contributor role for management , but even as an individual , you are expected to be aware of your surroundings and able to describe them to others .
I know that feeling when someone in authority spends 30 seconds looking at something you ’ve been working on for six months and immediately finds a painfully obvious flaw .
The mental conversation starts with , “ There ’s no way he could … ” and it finishes with “ Holy crap , how could I miss that ? ”
It ’s disorientating , and when the question is asked of you : “ Why did n’t you think of that ? ” I know where the excuse comes from .
It ’s alarmed spin , it ’s poor marketing , it ’s the uncomfortable admission of guilt .
So , what are you going to do ?
Clearly , there ’s a reputation hit here , so what ’s the right move ?
My advice is to take a small amount of time to say something real .
Honest , clear , and brief .
Sure , these are executives and they might be pissed , but the last thing to do in that scenario is to add fuel to the fire by actively demonstrating your discomfort .
There are executives who like to see you squirm , who revel in the discovery of flaws .
While they might be right , this does not give them the right to be cruel .
I ’m talking about that deliberate dead silence after the flaw has been exposed , and everyone sees it now and everyone is wondering , “ How could we miss that ? ”
In that moment , someone is expected to say something .
This is your opportunity to say something of value .
An Opportunity to Communicate
Working for The Leaper for years , I can now sense the moment before I ’m about to employ an excuse .
I can feel the chain of events that are about to occur as I construct my weak redirection of responsibility .
I hear what I ’m about to say in my head —
It ’s not my fault — and then I stop .
I want you think of the very last conversation you had and I want you to think of one thing that you did not say .
Maybe you were in a hurry and you blew off someone ’s question .
Maybe you were in a great conversation .
Perhaps you were talking to your Dad .
What is the topic you should have brought up ?
What is the small thing you could have said to make that conversation more valuable ?
This is everything that crosses my mind after I stop with the excuse .
I think about all the throw - away phrases I use where I could have actually said something valuable .
I once wrote , “ Every time you say blah blah blah , a creative writing teacher dies , ” and I meant it .
Each time you open your mouth , you have an opportunity to build something .
That ’s the perspective you want during the uncomfortable dead silence , not the victim - based emotion of excuse .
I ’m in a hurry , but being in a hurry is n’t an excuse for not taking a small amount of time to say something real .
Some of us have had a tough go of it in life .
We have had experiences , maybe starting at a very young age , that have affected our self - esteem , relationships , and ability to succeed in life .
We might be dealing with depression or anxiety or have difficulty coping .
These experiences are commonly called “ wounds . ”
We feel damaged and strive to heal through psychotherapy and reading self - help books .
We think that if we fix the broken parts of ourselves , we will eventually feel normal again .
The assumption embedded in this focus on self - improvement is that happiness ( or contentment , peace ) is a state that we might attain some time in the future once all our problems are solved .
It is easy to forget , but essential to remember that : we are already whole .
All of the wounds we think define who we are are actually conditioned .
They are they result of lessons we have learned based on experiences we have had .
Consider a 5 - year - old boy who is ridiculed every time he cries , or a young girl left to fend for herself while her mother lies drunk on the couch .
We do n’t naturally suppress our emotions or feel lonely or abandoned – these reactions are learned from situations we encounter .
So who are we before this learning took place ?
I invite you to take a look and see .
Drill down , like a miner searching for gold , to the place in you that has existed prior to any learning .
You may be going to your birth , or even earlier .
What do you find ?
You will see that who you are before conditioning – that is , the unconditioned you – is whole , free , light , and clear .
It has no problems and is lacking nothing .
No matter how many challenging experience you have had or how badly you feel about yourself , this state of wholeness is still here .
It is who you actually are .
This unconditioned state can be subtle .
You can discover it if you investigate underneath your thoughts and feelings .
It also unexpectedly appears in daily life – do you recognize it ?
Being caught up in the flow of an enjoyable experience
Laughing uncontrollably
At the moment of orgasm
A second or two of happiness that wells up from nowhere
A feeling of peace or bliss when in nature .
When we have experiences like these , we sometimes say that we lose ourselves in them .
I would argue just the opposite – that this is when we actually find ourselves .
What is common to these experiences is that the thinking mind is at rest .
We perpetuate problems in our lives by thinking about them .
Over and over , we repeat the same stories of what should or should n’t have happened , of sadness and despair , of being overwhelmed and unable to cope .
They become our identity and we live according to them .
If we look prior to the stories , or if our thinking naturally stops , we discover this place of wholeness and freedom that is , and always has been , present .
In the world of self - improvement , we tend to look outside ourselves for methods that will fix us so we can feel better at some future time .
Try something radical , which is making a U - turn with your attention .
Look inside yourself underneath the wounds , prior to all conditioning , and discover that peace is here , available now .
When you are in the throes of your problems , feeling like you will never feel better or improve , know this essential truth :
You are already whole .
Are you aware of the state of wholeness ?
I ’d love to hear your reactions and insights .
Photo byEvil Erin
It was meant to be a unifying show of strength at a critical juncture in the gay rights movement .
But a march planned for Sunday on the Mall in Washington is exposing deep divisions among gay rights advocates around the country as they grapple with whether to continue pushing for gains state by state , or embrace a more aggressive strategy to pressure the Obama administration and Congress for federal action .
The march is occurring as referendum campaigns in Maine and Washington State seek to overturn laws that expand the rights of same - sex couples .
Faced with the specter of a defeat similar to the passage of Proposition 8 in California last year , gay rights advocates have split over whether an undertaking as large and expensive as a march on Washington will come at the expense of ballot fights this fall .
The debate around the march  the first mass gathering of gay rights supporters in Washington since 2000  suggests that as the AIDS crisis has receded , gay activists have had a more difficult time mobilizing around a more diffuse agenda , including issues like same - sex marriage and anti-discrimination laws .
“ We can be thankful that the threat of AIDS has ebbed and is no longer the death warrant it was , but that also turns down the flame of consciousness , ” said Dudley Clendinen , a scholar of the American gay movement who teaches at Johns Hopkins University .
Urban1cycle is on the road to DC / NYC for a lil vacation .. let us know if there anything going on from Aug 11th thru 18th ..
Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Simon Overland recently revealed that robberies and assaults on people of Indian backgrounds were up by almost 34 per cent last year , to 1147 .
Initially , the police denied racism was a motive , instead suggesting the crimes were opportunistic raids on lone , late - night travellers or individuals outnumbered by roaming gangs .
But Overland conceded that some of the crimes were " racially motivated " .
But he added : " I also believe that many of the robberies and other crimes of violence are simply opportunistic . "
Monash University 's Professor Chris Nyland and Melbourne University 's Professor Simon Marginson have conducted studies into the security and vulnerability of international students .
" There 's a lot of stereotypical views ( about the attackers ) based on the fact that many of the attacks are in the western suburbs and Dandenong , " Nyland says .
" There is simply no research being done .
I know what is being said is that the people undertaking the attacks ( comprise ) a range of individuals , not just white hoons  that the people doing the attacks come from a number of different backgrounds and are not necessarily from the western suburbs . "
Of the attack victims , Nyland says : " A good deal of them are Indian students , but other students are being attacked as well .
One of my PhD students was held up at knife - point last year at Glen Waverley .
This has been going on long enough that we should have good , solid data on who is doing this and why , and that 's not being done . "
Amit Menghani , president of the Federation of Indian Students of Australia , says attacks have been under - reported because students who have made complaints have been met with what they see as inaction .
Menghani says one Indian student filed a complaint with police after he was robbed but heard nothing and so did not bother to report two subsequent robberies .
But two recent incidents brought the issue into sharp relief .
Shravan Kumar , 25 , was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver after two apparently intoxicated young men intruded on a birthday party .
Both were described as white and aged about 20 .
Two weeks after he was attacked , Kumar 's recovery remains uncertain .
Another student , Baljinder Singh , was discharged from The Alfred hospital this week .
He had been stabbed in the stomach with a screwdriver by two men as they robbed him of his wallet .
Security camera footage of an attack by youths on a Werribee - bound train on May 9 appears to show teenagers of mixed origins , none particularly white , beating a defenceless traveller .
It is routinely said that gangs of Anglo - Australian , Asian and European youths engage in attacks .
Some travel from outer suburbs such as Melton and from northern and eastern suburbs to western suburbs such as Sunshine .
Menghani , who felt safe when he arrived in Australia five years ago , says his sense of security has diminished over the past three years .
He believes that official figures significantly understate the extent of the problem .
Images of Kumar and Singh , in hospital , variously stitched and intubated , were broadcast widely through India , prompting protests and calls to Australia from parents alarmed about the safety of their offspring .
India 's economic resurgence , with its booming software and IT industries and annual growth rates of 8 per cent , has boosted the middle class and given the country self - confidence .
Before the recent economic boom , Indians used to chafe at their country 's portrayal abroad as either a place of grotesque poverty or an exotic land of snake charmers and elephants .
What the images of the injured students conveyed was India once again reduced to the status of Western whipping boy , this time in the form of " curry - bashing " .
Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan this week responded by rejecting an honorary degree from a Brisbane university .
The same sentiment has permeated television studio debates , in which participants ask why Indian students , decent and law - abiding , are being victimised and what is being done about it .
Some Indians feel that the billions of dollars pumped into the Australian economy by Indian students should be used as a weapon by Delhi .
" Let 's suspend Australian universities from recruiting Indians .
That will teach them to stab Indians with screwdrivers , " says 18 - year - old student Anjali Gupta .
But the enmity evident in parts of India is not shared by everyone in Melbourne 's Indian community .
Federation of Indian Associations of Victoria president Vasan Srinivasan , an education consultant who recruits students to Australia , says : " Those of us living here 15 or 20 years , we are very happy in this country .
Unfortunately , the media in India has really pushed it too high .
The reaction is at boiling point .
Parents are very unhappy , they are calling me asking if their son is all right . "
Srinivasan dismisses claims that Australia is racist .
A Liberal candidate for the seat of Forest Hill in the 2002 state election , he says he experienced nothing  in visiting thousands of homes during the campaign  to suggest racism was an issue .
Safety , however , is a concern .
Melbourne University 's Simon Marginson says the Victorian Government has appeared oblivious to security issues worrying those living in the western suburbs .
" The thing that is surprising is the State Government held a review of the situation of international students last year , " he says .
" It came out with a report that did not see a pattern of attacks .
It did not get to grips with it at all . "
That report , by the Overseas Student Education Experience Taskforce , was dated December .
It said that overseas students might lack local knowledge that would help them minimise risks , but showed no recognition of the rising crime rate involving foreign students .
Significantly , it did note that " students are often reluctant to report incidents of crime to authorities " .
It also pointed out that students might be working and travelling at times that increased their risk .
As one observer noted , those employed in casual shift work such as stacking supermarket shelves at night were often vulnerable when travelling home , often on public transport .
Western suburbs police commander Trevor Carter objects to the term " attacks " .
He says robberies  armed or otherwise  are , by definition , crimes in which property is stolen .
They are not strictly attacks against the person .
Nonetheless , there has been a worrying trend of gratuitous violence accompanying some thefts , with victims stabbed after handing over their property .
" We do occasionally see this extra violence .
Whether it 's violence for violence 's sake , or to finish off the crime , I would not like to speculate , " Carter says .
" It is something that 's of great concern to us . "
But while race may play a part in some attacks , " by and large , we are not seeing that the incidents are racially motivated " , he says .
Carter says the increase in crime against people of Indian background has accompanied an eightfold increase in the number of Indian students in Melbourne , from 5200 in 2002 to more than 46,000 last year .
This is a reflection in part of increasing wealth in India , but also of India 's failure to provide educational opportunities for its own .
Tertiary education in India is reserved for the academic elite .
FOR the merely smart teenager , the choice is often between a second - rank university in India or a good university in countries such as Australia .
" What makes studying in Australia even more appealing is that students can get a permanent resident 's visa .
For Indians who want international exposure , who want to live abroad and get a taste of a different life , this is an unbeatable combination , " says educational consultant Deepak Singh .
Perhaps this helps explain why many of the young Indians who have accepted a place at Australian universities this year intend to go ahead with their studies .
Having weighed up the pros and cons , most of them appear to have concluded that while the situation is worrying it is not quite as grave as the Indian media would like them to think .
Many have relatives or friends in Australia .
In panic , they have called them in the past fortnight to ask for advice and been surprised to hear calm voices of reassurance .
" My uncle in Melbourne told me that such attacks can happen anywhere and that Australia is as racist as any other country and no more .
He told me to relax , go there and just concentrate on my studies , " says Mir Mohammed , 23 , from Chennai , South India .
An equally powerful point was made by film star Aamir Khan in his blog .
While calling the attacks " most disturbing " , he urged Indians to remember the crimes against foreigners in India .
There have been several cases of foreign women being raped in the past two years .
In 1999 , Australian missionary Graham Staines and his two young boys , aged seven and nine , were burnt to death by a Hindu nationalist gang while sleeping in their car in Orissa , eastern India .
" Indians would have been furious if Australians had painted all Indians as devils and child murderers after the horrific murder of Staines and his poor boys .
Likewise , we should n't brand the whole of Australia as racist , " says commentator Parsa Venkateshwar Rao .
Nevertheless , what has fuelled the angry media coverage , according to Delhi advertising executive and commentator Suhel Seth , has been Kevin Rudd 's failure to demonstrate his determination to act .
Words , evidently , are not enough .
" You have to send out the signal that you wo n't tolerate this kind of behaviour  and Rudd didn't , " Seth says .
What could Rudd have done differently ?
He could have shown statesmanship , Seth says , by visiting injured student Shravan Kumar in hospital .
Ian Munro is an Age senior writer .
Amrit Dhillon is an Age correspondent .
A good rule of thumb is that tuition rates will increase at about twice the general inflation rate .
On average , tuition tends to increase about 8 % per year .
An 8 % college inflation rate means that the cost of college doubles every nine years .
To keep current on tuition inflation , information can be found from industry leaders .
Below are reports that have compiled valuable information :
Trends in College Pricing 2019 – CollegeBoard
Average Published Charges 2018 - 19 – CollegeBoard
Tuition Costs of Colleges and Universities – National Center for Education Statistics
Daily Needs
The recommendations below address the nutrients which are of more concern in vegan than omnivore diets , but they are n’t everything anyone needs to know about eating for optimal health .
More info : The ...
Dust storm imaged by the Mars Orbiter Camera in a region just northwest of Elysium Mon June 8 , 2006 .
Shadows on the northeast side of storm indicate that the dust cloud reaches at least 22 miles ( 35 km ) above the surface .
The white arrow indicates the location of the storm .
The first detection of lightning in a Martian dust storm haslikely been made by a new detector on a radio telescope .
Scientists have long thought that as with dust devils and stormshere on Earth , Martiandust storms should produce lightning .
But direct evidence of electricdischarges on the red planet was lacking .
That 's where an innovative detector installed in a 34 - meterradio telescope in the Deep Space Network lent a hand .
This detector captured the signature of the radiation givenoff by the lightning for a few hours during a Martian dust storm on June 8 , 2006 .
" We saw the lightning , " said Christopher Ruf ofthe University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , who first developed the new detector for use on Earth - orbiting weather satellites .
While lightning was expected to occur on Mars , " it wasa surprise that the signal was so strong , " Ruf told SPACE.com .
The lightning would n't look quite like whatwe see on Earth during a thunderstorm ?
" It would n't likely be the biglightning bolts , " Ruf said , instead it would look more like a glow in theclouds , akin to so - called heat lightning here on Earth .
The dust storm the lightning was detected in was a majorone , measuring 22 miles ( 35 kilometers ) deep , but " it should be there insmaller storms " too , Ruf said .
" These dust storms happen all the time there , " headded .
The lightning is n't a major worry for the rovers currently on the Martiansurface ( or any future robotic or human explorers ) , because to cause a problem , the discharge would have to occur in the cloud right at the location of therover .
But the lightning could cause chemical reaction that affectthe chemistry of the Martian atmosphere and surface , creating caustic compoundsthat would affect human equipment and would have to be factored into designs , Ruf explained .
Another intriguing consideration is how lightning mightaffect the possibility of past or present life on Mars .
Life is more likely tooccur with lightning than without , Ruf said , because electric currents make formore complex molecules , but Ruf is n't holding his breath .
Scientists are working to install more sensitive detectorson telescopes to see if they can make more measurements of Martian lightning inthe future .
Ruf and his colleagues detailed their observations in theJuly 11 issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
Wanted to share a few pictures of our new pool .
It has been a wet summer here in NW Louisiana , but the pool is finally providing family enjoyment after 4 months of delayed construction .
Still a lot of work to be completed with landscaping and slide installation but at least we can cool down between outdoor work sessions .
This forum has provided wonderful information since we started our pool design a year ago and has continued to be our primary source for information during the construction process .
The kids love their new pool !
I was standing in line at a local electronics store the other day when I struck up a conversation with the guy ahead of me who had a basket full of battery chargers and AA rechargeable batteries .
It turns out he had decided to replace all of the batteries in his house with the rechargeable kind .
Between the batteries and the chargers this guy plunked down over a hundred bucks !
He was so proud , telling me about all the money he was going to save .
I did n’t have the heart to ask him if he had the same typical electronic devices found in most homes , because if he did then he probably ended up spending a lot more money than he should have .
Rechargeable Batteries Are n’t Always Cost Effective !
I realize many people want to convert to rechargeable batteries for environmental reasons , which is fair enough .
But the truth of the matter is this : when cost is the primary discriminator , low current - draw devices simply do n’t warrant the extra expense of rechargeable batteries .
That ’s because the batteries of low current - draw devices are typically changed so infrequently that the payback period for equivalent rechargeable batteries would be too far long to justify the investment !
For example , it makes much more sense to use traditional alkaline batteries for low - draw devices like your wall clocks , radios , smoke detectors , programmable thermostats , and remote controls because they lose power at a much slower rate than rechargeable batteries .
And because traditional alkaline batteries can hold a charge for years when not in use , they are also the better choice for items that may sit unused for long period of time , like your alarm clock back - up battery and emergency flashlights .
When it comes right down to it , these low current - draw and / or low - use devices make up the great majority of battery - driven products in the typical home .
Okay .
So When Do Rechargeable Batteries Make Sense ?
Rechargeable batteries are really intended for moderate to high current - draw devices that get at least moderate use .
Typically , these are devices that require a battery change every 30 to 60 days .
In my house the only item that clearly met that criteria and , therefore , justified the added up - front costs of rechargeable batteries , was the kids ’
Wii gaming system .
That is a perfect example of a high - use device where rechargeable batteries will save you a lot of money in the long run .
But for my household those are the only items where rechargeable batteries make sense .
“ But , Len , what about my wireless keyboards and mice ?
Those get a lot of use ! ”
Well , as my article on the practicality of wireless mice and keyboards noted , rechargeable batteries did n’t even make financial sense for those devices , based upon my battery usage over an 18 - month period — I only spent a little over $ 18 on replacement batteries during that period .
But a set of eight good rechargeable AA batteries ( five for the mouse and keyboard plus three spares ) would set me back roughly $ 24 .
Add in the cost of the charger ( a good one can run upwards of $ 40 ) and you can see that the payback period on the rechargeable batteries becomes a real issue .
Remember , rechargeable batteries eventually go bad too , so you ’ll need your batteries and charger to last at least until the payback period is reached if you want to recoup your costs in a reasonable amount of time .
How Do I Know Which Type of Rechargeable Battery to Buy ?
If and when you decide you want to buy rechargeable batteries , you ’ll need to know that there are essentially four types to choose from : nickel metal - hydride ( NiMH ) , nickel cadmium ( NiCad ) , rechargeable alkaline , and lithium ion .
NiMH rechargeable batteries typically perform better than NiCads and are free of toxic heavy metals .
Generally speaking , NiMH is the best all - around choice for most rechargeable battery applications .
As an added bonus , most NiMH battery charger systems can accommodate NiCad batteries too ( although the opposite is not true ) .
NiCads are being phased out in favor of NiMHs not only because they are losing the performance war , but also because of their inconvenience ; the heavy metals used within the NiCad are toxic and require special disposal needs .
Rechargeable alkaline batteries have only two real advantages over NiMHs and NiCads : low cost and no need for special recycling .
Otherwise , their long - term performance and recharge characteristics make these batteries a poor choice .
Rechargeable alkaline batteries also require a special charger , which reminds me : do n’t ever confuse rechargeable alkalines with the typical disposable alkaline batteries that are sold everywhere from 99 - cent stores to the local grocery market — although some people do it , those batteries cannot be safely charged .
Lithium
Ion batteries have great performance and can go unused for long periods without losing their charge .
The big drawback is their price ; not only are lithium ion batteries much more expensive than other types of rechargeable batteries , but they also require a special charger .
Use them for rarely - used or high - drain devices like laptop computers , digital cameras , cell phones or portable televisions .
To help you decide which rechargeable battery is right for you , here is a trade summary I put together of the four basic options :
Some Final Thoughts and Recommendations
A bad battery charger will prematurely age and greatly shorten the lifespan of your rechargeable batteries .
Cheap chargers work too quickly , thereby heating the batteries , which damages them over time .
Good chargers will keep your your batteries from getting too warm .
Batteries should always be removed from their chargers after recharging .
More expensive battery chargers extend the life of your rechargeable batteries by properly monitoring and controlling the charging process ; many also shut off when charging is complete .
If you do use rechargeable batteries , be sure to keep several spare batteries ready to go at all times so you can swap them out when needed .
If you do choose to swap out all of your devices with rechargeable batteries , you can spread out your initial costs by replacing only the moderate - use devices first .
You can then buy rechargeable batteries for the low - draw devices as needed .
For info on NiMH rechargeable batteries and battery chargers , check out this article from MetaEfficient .
To Summarize …
Rechargeable batteries are great for moderate to high use devices that drain batteries quickly , but they are not cost effective for low current - draw and / or low - use devices — and it is the low current - draw devices that tend to make up the great majority of battery - driven products in the typical home .
Hopefully , the gentleman I met at the hardware store has a lot of high current - draw , frequent - use devices at his house — otherwise , he probably made a big mistake .
Photo Credit : emrank
The cast of Futurama will be returning for the next series after striking a pay deal .
Talks had deteriorated so much that makers 20th Century Fox TV had advertised for replacements for the voices of Fry , Bender and the rest .
But now the deadlock has been broken between the producers and actors John DiMaggio , Billy West , Katey Sagal , Maurice LaMarche and Tress MacNeille , who will all return for another 26 new episodes .
Budgets on the show have been slashed as it moved from the main
Fox network to cable ’s Comedy Central , meaning the cast had to swallow a pay cut .
Creators Matt Groening and David X. Cohen released a statement saying : ‘ We are thrilled to have our incredible cast back .
The call has already gone out to the animators to put the mouths back on the characters . ’
The new episodes are due to air in the States in the middle of next year .
Published : 1 Aug 2009
. ​ Each time a man stands up for an ideal , or acts to improve the lot of others , ​or strikes out against injustice , he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope .
~ Robert Kennedy
. ​ Each time a man stands up for an ideal , or acts to improve the lot of others , ​or strikes out against injustice , he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope .
~ Robert Kennedy
Clients .
Not just cases .
Campaign warns that driving under the influence of drugs is dangerous and risks heavy penalties
by mentalswitch
Tonight , tomorrow you will see people dressed up in their Halloween finest .
For your viewing pleasure I present others who are dressed up in their , well , regular party clothes .
But it might as well be for Halloween , right ?
The following content is NSFP / W ( what does NSFP mean ? ) .
Click below for more ….
Eden Muse in rainbow fashions !
Allen Faulkner .
And yes , those are hooks holding that metal contraption in place .
Ms. Easy sparks it up !
Quill the Clown as a barcode
One of the last living links with the American Civil war of the 1860s has been broken with the death of the last known widow of a soldier who fought on the Union side .
Gertrude Janeway , who was 93 , married her veteran husband , John , in 1927 when she was 18 and he was 81 , some 60 years after the Civil War ended .
After he died , why it just seemed like a part of me went down under the ground with him
After he died , why it just seemed like a part of me went down under the ground with him
Gertrude Janeway about her husband
She is to be buried near her husband 's military grave at the cemetery of New Corinth Church in the town of Blaine , Tennessee .
Only one Civil War widow now remains , Alberta Martin , 95 , who was married to a Confederate soldier and lives in the state of Alabama .
The last veteran of the war died in the 1950s .
Mrs Janeway , who had been bedridden for the last few years of her life , died in the three - room log cabin in the state of Tennessee she shared with her husband
She says she married out of love in spite of the age gap .
Three - year courtship
John Janeway joined the army fighting against the Confederates after a chance encounter with a group of Union soldiers in 1864 at the age of 18 .
He took on the name of John January so his parents would not come looking for him , and up to her death , Mrs Janeway received cheques for her war widow 's pension made out to that name .
He soon became part of the Union cavalry outside Atlanta , Georgia , and was captured two months later in the same state .
The war ended soon afterwards , but Mr Janeway never returned home and was not heard of until 1925 .
Mrs Janeway believes he went to California after the war and was 77 when he returned to his home in Blaine , Tennessee .
There he met his future wife .
But he had to wait three years before getting married as her mother refused to sign papers to let her marry him before she turned 18 .
" So my man says , ' Well , I will wait for her until you wo n't have to ' , " Mrs Janeway said in a 1998 interview .
They later bought a log cabin where they lived together for 10 years until Mr Janeway died in 1937 at the age of 91 .
" After he died , why it just seemed like a part of me went down under the ground with him , " she said .
" He is the only one I ever had .
There was n't anybody else . "
Mrs Janeway spent 70 years in the log cabin until she passed away .
Electricity was only installed there a few years ago , and Mrs Janeway cooked for many years on a wood - burning stove .
Judith Rodin heads the Rockefeller Foundation , one of the world ’s oldest , most influential , and innovative foundations .
Many of the 20th century ’s big breakthroughs —
Social Security , the Green Revolution , the discovery of DNA , and family planning — can be traced to early funding from the Rockefeller Foundation .
Today , Rodin is doing her best to keep the Rockefeller Foundation at the forefront of new and big ideas .
The foundation continues to fund organizations tackling specific problems like poor health care and environmental degradation .
But Rodin has taken a different tack by also funding organizations that are creating new innovation processes — like crowdsourcing and collaborative competitions — which can be applied to solving all types of social problems .
In this interview with Stanford Social Innovation Review Managing Editor Eric Nee , Rodin explains the impact that the economic downturn has had on the Rockefeller Foundation and its grantmaking ability .
She goes on to discuss in some detail why the foundation is funding organizations developing new innovation processes and which processes are proving most fruitful .
And last , Rodin explains how the Rockefeller Foundation is adapting its grantmaking to the new opportunities provided by the Obama administration .
Eric Nee : How is the economic downturn affecting the Rockefeller Foundation ?
Judith Rodin : Nobody foresaw the magnitude of the economic crisis or the rapidity with which it occurred .
Our endowment was down somewhere in the neighborhood of 25 percent at the end of ’08 .
And we will , undoubtedly , be well over our traditional 5 percent payout this year .
But our investment managers were attentive to the market turbulence , and in early 2008 we took out a sizable line of credit with a large bank .
With access to that money , we did not have to sell our holdings into a declining market to meet our grantmaking needs .
We plan to honor all of our approved grants and move forward with all of our ongoing initiatives .
The Rockefeller Foundation has been around for more than 90 years , and with the confidence of that history we ’re well positioned to weather this financial crisis .
What lessons did the foundation learn from going through the Great Depression ?
Just as the federal government saw the opportunity to initiate major programs during that time of need , so too did the Rockefeller Foundation .
It spent substantial resources on significant programs , such as the development of Social Security .
We are planning to do the same thing now .
What impact will the economic downturn have on nonprofits ?
Clearly , there will be fewer nonprofits , at both the level of givers and the level of grantees .
This may be the moment for consolidation in an “ industry ” — in quote marks — that ’s really proliferated , and where there may not have been the incentive or the motivation for economies of scale .
And so , regrettably , this may be an opportunity for that .
I also think that innovation is going to be critical , accomplishing more with less , working together , leveraging resources , sharing data , and creating models for change that can be more easily replicated .
All of these things are going to be absolutely urgent in this economic climate .
You mentioned innovation .
One of the Rockefeller Foundation ’s program areas is funding innovation .
Can you explain what you are doing in that area ?
Innovation is not just a product , it ’s a process .
We want to focus our funding on the how , not just on the what .
We ’re funding organizations that are at the cutting edge of the process of innovation .
Our hope is that those processes can be used by lots of different organizations in lots of different fields .
What we ’ve found is that a lot of the innovative processes that have been created in the private sector can be applied to solving not for - profit social challenges in the fields in which we work — health care , economic security , climate change , poverty alleviation , and capacity building .
We ’re focusing our efforts on two core innovation ideas .
First , that the most successful solutions will often come from the place where you ’d least expect them .
Here we are funding organizations involved in crowdsourcing techniques and collaborative competitions .
Second , that the innovations that focus on the user often lead to extraordinary and , we think , different outcomes .
Here we are funding organizations focused on user - driven innovation .
Let ’s talk about the first type of innovation model you mentioned , crowdsourcing .
We began with a partnership with a for - profit company called InnoCentive that has linked together a network of about 150,000 engineers , scientists , and entrepreneurs around the world .
They use a Web - based platform to gather solutions to problems that have confounded people working in just one place , such as an R&D department at a large pharmaceutical company .
Hundreds or even thousands of people who have never met , and never will , compete to solve a problem .
The best solution , which is determined by the organization that posted the problem , wins a prize .
We thought this would be an amazing platform for finding solutions to world problems .
I ’ll give you an example .
BoGo - Light had developed a solar - powered flashlight and wanted to expand on that to develop a product that could light a whole room for people who had no electricity .
So they posted the problem on InnoCentive .
The winner was a scientist in New Zealand , someone with whom BoGoLight , which is based in Houston , would never have come into contact .
Just as important , BoGoLight said the process was much more economical and allowed them to see the problem differently .
The new light is now being used in African villages and in the Gaza Strip .
One of the interesting things is how many of the solvers have sent e-mails back to InnoCentive saying : “ I ca n’t tell you how fantastic it feels to be working on social problems .
It ’s not that I do n’t like the prize money , and I like working on the for - profit problems , too .
But it feels terrific to be working on socially important problems that I know can help people . ”
Who are you funding in the area of collaborative competitions ?
An example is Changemakers , an Ashoka founded NGO .
Here again our interest is in the process .
At InnoCentive , the problem solvers do n’t see one another ’s solutions , but at Changemakers all of the solutions are posted so that everyone can read them and perhaps build on one another ’s solutions .
They are n’t in the same room , but they can collaborate virtually , making it possible to create a different and better solution .
It ’s through collaborative revision and iteration that the best ideas come and new and creative solutions are developed .
Coca - Cola , for example , sponsored a global water challenge at Changemakers .
They were looking for ways to help impoverished communities gain access to sanitation and drinking water .
Almost 300 competing applications came in from 54 countries .
Four of these entrants were named winners and are splitting $ 1 million to create scalable , replicable , and sustainable models that can be applied around the world .
The second type of process that you are funding is user - driven innovation .
Can you explain what that is ?
The design firm IDEO is one of the best practitioners of user - driven innovation .
Their concept is that innovations are most successful if the people who will be using the product or the service are given a real voice in the development process .
IDEO usually works with large for - profit companies to help design new products and services .
We funded IDEO to work with nonprofits to help solve social problems .
One grantee they ’ve been working with is Conversion Sound , a social enterprise that develops hearing aids for poor people in rural India .
Through the IDEO process they discovered that because authority commands such respect , particularly in the rural parts of India , hearing aid technicians would be more effective if they wore uniforms .
It ’s certainly not something that I would have thought of , or even thought was important , but the users identified this as critical .
In this instance , a small change in the program made a very big difference .
Another example of user - driven innovation is the work done by Positive Deviance , a group at Tufts University .
Their idea is that every community has positive outliers , people who stand out because their behavior is different from most of the other people in the group and because they are more successful .
What Positive Deviance does is identify the behaviors that have made these outliers successful , and then teach and institutionalize these behaviors to others in the group .
Positive Deviance gets credit for showing what reduced hospital acquired infections .
They found that in hospitals where the infection rate was very low , individuals were using hand sanitizers , and that that was not the case systematically in those hospitals with high infection rates .
Positive Deviance spread those practices to other hospitals .
With our funding , Positive Deviance is trying to figure out ways to decrease corruption in governments of developing countries .
They ’re identifying the behaviors of the most ethical public officials in developing countries and what behaviors they engage in to root out waste , fraud , abuse , and corruption , and then they are trying to generalize and teach those behaviors .
Their belief is that some of the abuse comes from lacking the skills to behave ethically , rather than simply looking for fraudulent ways to hurt people .
How does the Rockefeller Foundation get these lessons and skills about innovative processes out to the rest of the world ?
That is the critical question .
We think innovation is a skill that can be taught .
Our Innovation Initiative has three parts .
The first part , which I ’ve already described , is to make the grants to do the work .
The second part is monitoring and evaluating the work .
This involves not only measuring success in the more traditional terms — does the innovation work — but also evaluating whether the process made the work of the grantee better , different , more cost - effective , and a whole cascade of other parameters .
The third part is to disseminate the process through conferences , written materials , and other means .
Our success will be realized only if all of this spreads and goes to scale .
We ’ve already begun bringing the grantees together , both actually and virtually , to share what they have learned .
One of the things we are also doing is to turn the lens on ourselves and ask are we , the Rockefeller Foundation and the philanthropy sector as a whole , using these innovation tools and techniques ?
If we are , are we using them as effectively as we might ?
And if we ’re not , can we go through the same kind of training that we ’ve been doing with our grantees ?
We ’ve held one workshop for several foundations that were interested in embarking on this journey with us .
And we ’ve held a couple of workshops for ourselves .
If we really get good at this , we believe that by using some of these innovation practices we can make up for some of the financial cuts in our endowment .
Let ’s talk about President Obama .
What impact will his administration have on the foundation ’s work ?
We did a national poll last summer with Time — well before the economic crisis really hit .
What we found is that Americans want new public policies .
They want government and their employers to enter into a new kind of social contract .
Americans also understand that their roles will have to change and that the 21st century is going to demand different things of them as well .
We were struck by their embrace of government .
So I think President Obama has that mandate .
The opportunity for innovation is real , in part because resources are limited .
Whether it ’s innovation in public policy , whether it ’s a White House Office of Social Innovation , whether it ’s new kinds of models of public - private partnership , all of these are going to be necessary .
I do n’t think it ’s a choice between public and private approaches to solving social problems .
It ’s going to require all of the sectors .
We may need to redefine the roles of each and how they interact .
But the problems are so big that we need both the markets and the public sector to engage , but we need them to engage in different ways .
That ’s what this discussion in Washington and literally around kitchen tables everywhere in the United States is really all about .
What is the Rockefeller Foundation doing now to take advantage of this situation ?
We worked on the economic stimulus bill , trying to draw attention to issues like infrastructure , climate change and the environment , poverty , and urbanization .
Some of our grantmaking has changed to capitalize on this shift as well .
We just funded a conference at NYU ’s Furman Center called “ A Crisis Is a Terrible Thing to Waste . ”
This conference looked at the mortgage and housing crisis and asked , “ What are the opportunities for new ideas about homeownership and how mortgages and financing need to occur ? ”
The new U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development secretary , Shaun Donovan , was a keynote speaker .
You launched a new program last summer called Campaign for American Workers .
How has that program adjusted to the new economic and political reality ?
It was very clear to us that the growing inequality around the world was going to have enormous impact , and that government was not providing major solutions to that set of issues .
So as we thought about this , we said , “ Has the social contract for the 20th century now changed so much that we really ought to examine what the 21st century contract should be ? ”
The Campaign for American Workers is an effort to produce new social research and create new public policy solutions , all motivated toward increasing the economic security of the American worker .
Our view is that you ca n’t use protectionist trade policies or immigration policies to solve that problem .
It ’s about doing what America has always been good at , which is growing the pot through innovation and economic development and expanding the workforce .
What are some programs that you have funded in this area ?
One example is the Tax Policy Center , which has developed the idea of a guaranteed retirement account .
If workers do n’t have access to a conventional defined benefit pension plan , they could contribute 2.5 percent of their income to the plan and the government would pay the first 60 percent of that amount , and then the employer would kick in another 2.5 percent .
It ’s similar to a 401 ( k ) .
The difference is that the money is deposited into an individual account with the Social Security Administration , which pools the money and puts it into relatively conservative investments .
Are you optimistic about the future ?
I think we will find solutions .
This is an amazing opportunity for Americans .
We ca n’t afford to squander it , because it ’s a once - in - a- generation opportunity .
Russia to create an alternative to Visa and MasterCard
The Russian ministry of Finance is going to introduce a draft bill on the national payment system in November 2009 , reports the Kommersant newspaper .
At the moment a group of experts engaged in development of the payment card system is working on the document .
The national payment system will probably be created on the basis of an existent Russian system in order to reduce dependence on the foreign market players .
Interestingly , the first attempt to set up a national payment card system was made in 1993 by the Bank of Russia , but it failed .
Later some private companies ventured at running their own systems of that kind but never succeeded .
In 2005 the Central Bank of Russia claimed the all - Russian payment system will be based on Sberbank 's Sberkart system , which was renamed into the United Russian Payment System ( URPC ) in 2008 .
Today , the major players on the Russian market are Visa and MasterCard accounting for more than 85 % of all cards issued and transactions performed using payment cards .
Besides , there are about 20 small payment systems operating in Russia , such as the URPS and Golden Crown ( 3 % and 5 % respectively ) .
By the 1 September 2009 Sberbank had issued over 35 million payment cards ( 3.5 million URPS cards , while the rest is Visa and MasterCard ) .
The truth is that Visa and MasterCard systems are already a part of the Russian market , while expenses on creation of a solely Russian payment system are huge .
source :
www.lenta.ru
The U.S. government failed to send promised college tuition checks to tens of thousands of veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars before they returned to school this fall , even after being warned that it was inadequately staffed for the job .
The Veterans Affairs Department blamed a backlog of claims filed for GI Bill education benefits that has left veterans who counted on the money for tuition and books scrambling to make ends meet .
Veterans like American University student John Kamin , who received a letter Wednesday from the Army .
He was hoping it contained news that his overdue GI Bill college tuition money would soon arrive .
Instead , the Iraq war veteran was informed that he may be called back into active duty .
“ It felt like salt in the wound , ” said the 24 - year - old from New York City .
He is depleting his savings account and borrowing money from his parents to make up for thousands of dollars the government promised him to complete his political science degree .
“ That was really disheartening , ” Mr. Kamin said .
He is n’t alone .
Out of more than 277,000 veterans who have filed for the college tuition benefits this semester , more than 200,000 claims have been processed and approved , but fewer than 11 percent of the veterans have received the funding , according to the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America ( IAVA ) .
The group says it has been contacted by thousands of veterans who have not received their benefits and that they are forced to take out loans or pay the money out of their pockets .
“ This is absolutely unacceptable , ” the group said .
“ The men and women who so courageously served our country in Iraq and Afghanistan deserve better . ”
A VA spokeswoman did not return a call for comment , but in a statement the agency said employees are working overtime to deliver the checks and that retired claims processors have been rehired .
“ Our top priority is providing our students and schools with accurate and timely benefit payments so veterans can focus all of their energy on studies , ” said Patrick W. Dunne , VA undersecretary .
During testimony March 12 before the House Appropriations subcommittee on military construction , veterans affairs and related agencies , the agency ’s inspector general warned that the agency did n’t have enough manpower to launch the new GI Bill .
“ Successful implementation remains a difficult and risky challenge ” because of staffing and software needs , the IG said .
“ Inadequate staffing can potentially delay claims processing . ”
Patrick Campbell , chief legislative counsel for the IAVA , said the delays “ are not acceptable . ”
“ Not knowing when they will get the money is what ’s worse for veterans , because they are going to have to plan for the worst , ” Mr. Campbell said .
“ People who are paying out of pocket right now are worried about how they are going to pay the rent at the end of the month .
“ And then there is the snowball effect .
One student said he paid out of pocket for tuition , but if the money does n’t come in time he can’t register for classes next term .
This will continue to snowball till the checks get out the door .
“ This is something that should not and cannot be repeated in the future , ” Mr. Campbell said .
The agency said it has issued 61,000 payments totaling $ 50 million to students .
Mr. Campbell said it will be the end of October or early November before other veterans can expect to receive payments .
Brian LaGuardia , a 35 - year - old graduate student of international affairs at New York University who served as an Army infantry staff sergeant in Iraq , also had to borrow money to make up for the $ 6,000 he was expecting to receive from the GI Bill to offset his tuition and an additional $ 1,000 for books - the same amount of money that is expected by Mr. Kamin .
“ I ’m not complaining about the GI Bill , but the VA does risk losing the confidence of its soldiers , ” Mr. LaGuardia said .
“ It ’s frustrating not to have the money you are counting on .
“ It ’s just not acceptable , and I think this is a little unreasonable for those who served their country . ”
Mr. Kamin , meanwhile , said he will deal with the situation as best he can until the money arrives for his education or he is recalled to active duty .
“ The proudest thing I ever did was to serve in the Army , and should I get called to active duty , I ’ll be more than happy to serve again , ” Mr. Kamin said .
The GI Bill enacted after Sept. 11 offers educational assistance to those who have served in the military since the terrorist attacks .
It updates legislation originally passed in 1944 and went into effect Aug . 1 .
The late - payments episode is the latest in a string of embarrassing cases of VA failures for the nation ’s veterans .
Earlier this year , it was discovered that three VA medical centers failed to properly sterilize endoscopes , exposing 10,000 patients to infections including the HIV virus .
Last month , the agency sent letters to 600 veterans erroneously telling them they had been diagnosed with Lou Gehrig ’s disease .
Last year , the VA was embroiled in numerous scandals involving tests and medical experiments on veterans in which officials failed to follow certain standards .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Marijuana and the Muslims
By Ellen Komp  March 27 , 2006
" There is always a need for intoxication : China has opium , Islam has hashish , the West has woman . "
-- André Malraux , from Man's Fate
Or , it could read , " the West has liquor . "
Last November 23 , six members of Your Black Muslim Bakery allegedly smashed liquor bottles at two stores in Oakland , California while chastising Islamic store owners for selling liquor to fellow Muslims .
Groups such as the Islamic Society of the East Bay , Muslims for Healthy Communities and Masjidul Waritheen mosque participated in a rally and march just after the incident , when members stopped at three liquor stores in Oakland to more peacefully express their concerns .
It has been suggested that one of the reasons Muhammad instructed his followers to forgo liquor was to help distinguish them from the wine - loving Christians .
The intoxicant use of cannabis may have permeated Islamic culture in part because alcohol was forbidden to adherents of Islam .
Marijuana , which thrives in hot , arid climates , has a long history of use in the Muslim and Hindu worlds and is relatively new to the West .
CNN correspondent Peter Bergen wrote in his book Holy War , Inc. , " The weed grows in profusion in Islamabad , even outside the headquarters of Pakistan 's drug police . "
Bergen compares al - Qaeda to the infamous Assassins , founded as an Ismailian sect in what was then Persia in 1090 .
Supposedly under the influence of hashish , the Assassins brought death and destruction on Christian Crusaders for upwards of two hundred years .
Bergen noted that Osama bin Laden signed his August 23 , 1996 manifesto , " From the Peaks Hindu Kush , " the region where cannabis originated .
But Ernest Abel , in his book Marijuana : The First 12,000 Years , contends that Marco Polo never identified hashish as the drug used to trick the Assassins into their murderous ways , and that the Arab world does n't equate hashish with violence .
That did n't stop our first drug " czar " Harry Anslinger from using the legend to help bring about the Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 , which effectively made marijuana illegal in the US .
Headlines like " Hashish Goads Users to Blood Lust " ran in Hearst newspapers and these stories were accepted as Congressional testimony at the time .
Recorded use of cannabis goes back to 1200 - 800 in the Hindu sacred text Atharva veda and the Zoroastrian Zend - Avesta , a Persian religious text circa 600 BCE , refers to bhang as Zoroaster 's " good narcotic . "
Marijuana 's use as an intoxicant was clearly established in the Arab and Mediterranean worlds by the tenth century A.D. , generating many references in Arabian literature , such as one of the stories in The Thousand and One Nights , known as the Arabian Nights ( 1000 - 1400 AD ) .
According to legend , Haydar , the Persian monk who founded the Sufi order , discovered a cannabis plant while taking a walk in 1155 A.D.
Eating some of the leaves , he found it lifted his depression and he praised its euphoric properties to his disciples , making them promise not to reveal the secret plant to anyone but Sufis ( the poorer classes , who wore wool or " Suf " instead of cotton ) .
The Sufis ' religion included direct communion with God , using cannabis as a sacrament , and like today 's pot-smoking hippies , they " dropped out " of the prevailing economic model and lived communally .
Perhaps the first European experiments in cross-cultural understanding took place in mid 19th - century France , a few decades after Napoleon 's troops discovered hashish while invading Egypt .
" Le Club des Hashishins , " which met from about 1844 - 49 , was founded by Theophile Gautier , and included painter Eugene Delacroix , writers Alexander Dumas , Victor Hugo , Honore de Balzac , Charles Baudelaire and many others .
This lofty group would gather in Arabian dress and partake of hashish syrup blended into strong Arabic coffee .
The fanciful descriptions of their experiences they left behind has intrigued and inspired several generations of explorers .
In 1894 , the British Government published The Indian Hemp Drug Commission Report .
Comprising some seven volumes and 3,281 pages , is by far the most complete and systematic study of marijuana undertaken to date .
J.M. Campbell , a customs officer , contributed a treatise " On the Religion of Hemp , " quoted here in part :
" To forbid or even seriously to restrict the use of so gracious an herb as hemp would cause widespread suffering and annoyance and to large bands of worshipped ascetics , deep - seated anger .
It would rob the people of a solace in discomfort , of a cure in sickness , of a guardian whose gracious protection saves them from the attacks of evil influences , and whose mighty power makes the devotee of the Victorious , overcoming the demons of hunger and thirst , of panic , fear , of the glamour of Maya or matter , and of madness , able in rest to brood on the Eternal , till the Eternal , possessing him body and soul , frees him from the haunting of self and receives him into the Ocean of Being .
These beliefs the Musalman devotee shares to the full .
Like his Hindu brother , the Musalman fakir reveres bhang as the lengthener of life , the freer from the bonds of self .
Bhang brings union with the Divine spirit . "
Alfred R. Lindesmith , the first modern academic in the US to challenge the drug laws , wrote that Hindu society roughly reverses the status of marijuana in relation to alcohol seen in the West , and " it would be rash indeed to believe that it would be to India 's advantage to outlaw marihuana and encourage the use of alcohol . "
A 1951 study by George Morris Carstairs found that the warrior class of India , the Rajputs , used alcohol to stay warlike but the more respected Brahmins eschewed it and preferred the gentle herb instead as a means to enlightenment .
A fascinating new book , Orgies of the Hemp Eaters ( Autonomedia , 2004 ) further distinguishes between marijuana smokers and those who consume the plant instead , such as those who drink bhang to worship Shiva .
Novelist , poet and composer Paul Bowles , who made a great study of " kif " during his time spent in Morocco , is quoted in the book saying , " One of the first things you must accept when you join the grown - ups ' club [ of the 20th century ] is that fact that the Judaeo - Christains approve of only one out of all the substances capable of effecting a quick psychic change in the human organism -- and that one is alcohol .
. .
And so the last strongholds fashioned around the use of substances other than alcohol are being flushed out , to make everything clean and in readiness for the great alcoholic future . "
If there was ever a time to address these issues and heal the schism between the sons of Abraham , it is now .
Activist and journalist Ellen Komp manages the website www.VeryImportantPotheads.com
The one big thing Google Voice does n't offer , besides automated telemarketer taunting , is free voice - over - internet phone calling through your cellphone .
On an Android phone , however , you can use the Gizmo5 service , Google Voice , and a free application to call anyone for free .
Advertisement
A free , open - source , and unofficial Android app , Guava , gives any Android phone the ability to make and take calls over Gizmo5 's VoIP service , connected through a Google Voice phone number .
It works over Wi -Fi , 3G , or , for the daring , EDGE .
You probably wo n't want to use Guava as your primary phone call manager , as the call quality varies with your connection and really works best over Wi-Fi .
That said , if you 're running up against your minute allotment , or find yourself in a basement - like spot with decent Wi-Fi but really bad cell coverage , Guava is a great little tool to have at your disposal .
It 's also worth noting that , depending on who your carrier is , making a VoIP call over an EDGE or 3G network may violate your contract 's terms of service .
A little " hard " data use now and then likely wo n't be noticed , but if you plan on using Guava heavily with your cellular data plan , you should check and read into what 's tolerated and what 's not before embarking on your bold data - only adventure .
Advertisement
What you 'll need :
Android - powered phone : Pretty much any model and nationality of the HTC Dream ( T - Mobile G1 ) , Magic ( T - Mobile myTouch 3G ) , or Hero should work .
Pretty much any model and nationality of the HTC Dream ( T - Mobile G1 ) , Magic ( T - Mobile myTouch 3G ) , or Hero should work .
Google Voice and Gizmo5 accounts , hooked together :
You 'll have to hope for an invite making free VoIP calls from Google Voice
You 'll have to The Guava app : Head to your phone 's Settings , then Applications menu , and ensure the " Unknown sources " option is checked .
Then simply point your browser to that link and click the stand - alone Guava link to download the .apk installer .
Head to your phone 's Settings , then Applications menu , and ensure the " Unknown sources " option is checked .
Then simply point your browser to that link and click the stand - alone Guava link to download the .apk installer .
Decent Wi -Fi or 3G service :
At least to test out Guava and make your first test call .
You can set Guava to call over EDGE connections , and even specify how many reception bars are required to try a call , but it 's likely not worth the hassle .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Setting up Guava
If you 've already set up Gizmo as a Google Voice phone , most of the grunt work is out of the way .
Guava needs only your account names and passwords for both services to get working .
That said , you 'll probably want to poke around in the options ( click the Menu button with the app open to get to them ) to control when and how Guava makes calls over data connections .
We 've captured and explained Guava 's options panels in a little gallery below .
Click on the thumbnails for a larger view and description of the options there :
Making calls with Guava
Advertisement
When you first launch Guava — or head back to the main screen after all that setup tweaking — you 'll see a pretty simple screen divided into making calls and sending SMS messages .
The SMS portions are a little redundant , and not half as powerful as the Google Voice Android app .
The calling function , on the other hand , is where the VoIP magic happens .
If you just want to make a straight - up phone call , type in the number like you would in Google Voice and hit the Call button .
Click on the bar above the number entry , though , and you can re-route your call to a username at Google Talk or Gizmo , or , if you 've bought some OpenSky credits , to Skype users .
Advertisement
When Guava 's loaded and can connect to Gizmo through the data services you selected in the options , it puts a little green pulse in your notifications tray .
That serves as both a handy shortcut to the Guava app for making calls , and a reminder when you have it turned on , as it will try and accept your calls over a data connection if you leave it running .
That shortcut comes in handy when you want to turn Guava off , because you have to ( unfortunately ) head to the app's settings and flip off the " Enabled " switch .
I had success in three out of four phone calls making and receiving phone calls over Guava , with two outgoing calls coming through okay and one incoming call picking up just fine .
Another call left me unable to hear the other party , but I can't exactly eliminate all the vagaries of modern telecommunications from the test .
Advertisement
When you place a call through Guava , it does n't route through the main call screen , but replicates its look and feel with a pretty serious facsimile .
The main niggling point to note is that hitting the red power / hangup button on your phone wo n't actually hang up a call — that 's what the on - screen hangup and physical back button do in a Guava call .
You can put a call on hold or speakerphone from the options menu , and hang up from there as well .
I have n't seen what happens when another caller hits your Google Voice number during a Guava call , so if you can verify whether Guava supports call waiting or conferencing , be sure to tell us in the comments .
As far as Guava goes , that 's about all there is to say at this point .
Your mileage will certainly vary based on your Wi-Fi or 3G connection , phone stability , and other factors , but when Guava works , it 's a reassuring bit of forward - looking , data - centric phone life .
Advertisement
Tell us how you 're liking Guava and free VoIP calling , or any other features or issues you find with it not covered here , in the comments .
Democrats are promoting a national survey released this afternoon by CNN / Opinion Research ( Oct. 16- 18 , 1038 A , MoE +/- 3 % ) , which finds 61 % of Americans in favor of a government - run health insurance plan to compete with private insurance companies .
The poll comes as the House and Senate are each merging separate health care reform bills for an eventual vote on the chamber floors .
At a morning press conference , CNN's Dana Bash asked Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid whether the fact that six - in - 10 Americans approve of a public option has any effect on whether it would be included in the Senate plan .
Reid refused to answer , as he remains deep in negotiations with Finance Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , whose bill does not include the option , and Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) , who as the acting chairman of the HELP Committee included the option in his committee 's bill .
The press conference was held to announce that Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy 's ( D - Vt. ) Health Insurance Industry Antitrust Enforcement
Act of 2009 will be introduced as an amendment to the eventual bill that reaches the Senate floor .
The amendment would strip insurance companies of their antitrust exemption status , which Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) described as " an accident of American history . "
Schumer said that in 40 states , two insurance companies dominate the market , allowing them to raise health care costs on consumers .
" This exemption is antiquated , out of date , and does n't belong , " he said .
" We can't pass effective health care reform if we do n't hold health insurance companies to the same standards as other American industries . "
The CNN poll found 49 % favor President Obama 's health care plan overall , while 49 % oppose it .
However , when asked which would be better for the country , passing a bill similar to Obama 's plan or leaving the current system in place with no changes , 53 % say Obama 's plan would be better compared with 44 % who say nothing should change .
The 61 % of Americans in favor of the public option is up 5 points since late August .
This is the most ridiculously implausible tennis shot you ’ll ever see .
Federer says “ it was the greatest shot I ever hit in my life ” .
‘ Where are you at ? ’ officer allegedly asked as suspect lay under squad car
The police department in Pensacola , Florida , has suspended an officer who allegedly attempted to Taser a suspect from inside his squad car before running the man over , resulting in the suspect ’s death , news reports say .
Officer Jerald
Ard has been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation by the state , the Pensacola News Journal reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The incident took place in the early - morning hours of Saturday , when Officer Ard spotted an individual walking around a construction site .
According to witnesses quoted by the News Journal , when the suspect got onto a bicycle and fled the construction site , Officer Ard pursued in his squad car , flashing his lights and even attempting to Tase the suspect from the moving vehicle .
According to the local
Fox affiliate , “ the man then crashed his bicycle and fell into the path of the officer ’s patrol car . ”
One witness who spoke to the press indicated that the Taser may have caused the cyclist to fall of his bike .
The News Journal reports :
“ The man on the bike was on the sidewalk , boogeying down , trying to get away , ” [ witness Jamison ]
Boler said .
“ The policeman fired a Taser out the window .
The guy ( on the bike ) made a U - turn and ditched the bicycle and kind of did a somersault on the ground .
Not two seconds later , the cop car just ran over him , ” Boler said .
“ The cop ran up on the curb and hopped out of the car and said , ‘ Where are you at ? ’
The guy was still underneath his car .
You can still see his red shoe sticking out . ”
Another witness , David Taylor , 25 , said the male , who appeared to be a teenager , was dragged after being stuck beneath the police car .
“ The kid fell off the bike ( after being shocked with a stun gun ) and then was stumbling because of the momentum , ” Taylor said .
“ It was probably about 10 to 15 feet that the man was drug . ”
The police car came to a stop about 35 feet from the male ’s bicycle .
The man remained pinned beneath the car for more than three hours before the car was removed and his body was taken away .
ADVERTISEMENT
The man , who was pronounced dead at the scene , has not been publicly identified .
Ard was with the Pensacola police force for four years prior to the incident , the local CBS affiliate reports .
A bit over a year ago , we reported on a variety of developments in the production and use of hydrogen .
One of those was a cheap and easy way to produce a catalyst that would liberate hydrogen from water when provided with an electric current .
The results - focused description provided in the Science paper turned out to obscure the fact that this catalyst was part of a much larger vision for changing the global energy economy .
MIT 's Daniel Nocera , whose lab produced the research , used a talk at today 's EmTech conference to fill the audience in on the vision .
Nocera pointed out that most of the work in providing carbon - neutral energy has focused on increasing efficiencies of existing technology and creating economies of scale , both of which will ultimately reduce the cost of electricity produced in the developed world .
The problem has been that this has kept the price of the hardware expensive .
As a result , the solutions we 're arriving at wo n't make sense for the developing world .
" We need to tackle the non-legacy world , and they do n't have any money , " Nocera said .
To drive the point home , Nocera showed a curve that plotted the weight of something and the number produced , and showed that heavy , rare stuff costs a lot ( like 747s ) , while lighter , more common items are cheap — the Hamburger was on the other end of the spectrum .
" I want to be the Hamburgler of energy , " Nocera said .
His point was that to get there , you need to ignore efficiency .
Instead , you have to focus on bringing the cost down for solutions that can operate on the individual level , without the big , expensive infrastructure like an electric grid .
And that 's where the catalyst comes in .
Given the right salt solution , one containing cheap ingredients like cobalt and phosphate , a current could be run through it , and the catalyst would form spontaneously .
Keep the current running , and it will start splitting the water and producing hydrogen , which can be stored and converted to energy long after the sun goes down .
Because it forms spontaneously , it 's essentially impervious to damage and indifferent to just about any form of contamination .
Nocera 's group has kept a test catalyst setup running for over a month , feeding it water straight out of the Charles River .
The catalyst is also simple , as it can operate in a container that 's little more than a standard stretch of PVC piping and a few sheets of plastic .
It may not be anywhere near as efficient as some of the best hardware on the market —
Nocera said it 's off by about a factor of 10 , in fact — but it 's something that could be deployed even in countries without much in the way of a GDP .
This ability to work with nearly any source of water , including salt water and human waste streams , is the key to the technology 's appeal .
" If we bring pure water to Africa , what will happen ? " Nocera asked .
" They 'll drink it . "
Instead , when coupled with a fuel cell , this technology can produce clean drinking water .
Coupled with a solar cell , the system can be deployed anywhere there 's water , including places that are off the grid and do n't have a population large enough to support a major facility .
Hydrogen production is n't generally considered a solution , because each step of the process involves energy losses and inefficiencies .
But again , Nocera does n't care : if it 's cheap , the inefficiencies do n't matter , because higher - priced solutions are simply never going to be deployed .
Of course , this system would also require cheap solar panels ( an area where progress is being made ) and cheap fuel cells .
The latter issue could be a bit tricky , but Nocera is optimistic that , given that the whole process is based on the acceptance of lower efficiencies , they 'll find an older generation of fuel cell tech that can be made cheaply .
( He mentions that Toyota executives are talking to him about technology they rejected for applications in vehicles that might work for stationary applications . )
So , the company that 's set up to commercialize the catalyst is currently working with partners to develop single closed systems that are ready for deployment .
Nocera figures one kilowatt systems using the catalyst will be ready for production within two years .
Nocera took pains to point out that none of this should be taken as disdain for the sort of big projects that will be needed to put the infrastructure - rich developed world on a sustainable path .
A lot of his research group is devoted to projects that will ultimately make sense on a large scale .
Even so , Nocera showed a photo of a house that sports solar cells that are n't sufficient to power it .
But they were sufficient , he suggested , to produce enough hydrogen to run a fuel - cell - powered vehicle ( which was also in the picture ) for most daily uses .
If this sort of arrangement is cheap enough for mass deployment in developing economies , it may even make financial sense in the suburbs near MIT .
One thing that probably goes without saying .
Most pretenders do n't believe they are pretenders .
They are often completely sincere people who believe they have cracked the code , and thus they take exception to my characterization .
The cellulosic guys , the algae guys , and even the hydrogen guys will insist that I have it all wrong .
In fact , following the posting of this essay on my blog , I heard from all of them .
I got numerous e-mails assuring me that they really had come up with the solution .
What I have discovered in many of these cases is that people often believe this because they have no experience at scaling up technologies .
They might have something that works in the lab , but this can instill a false sense of confidence in those who have never scaled a process up .
This essay initially started out as " Pretenders , Contenders , and Niches . "
However , the section on pretenders grew to the point that I have decided to split that essay up .
The first part , Renewable Fuel Pretenders , will cover some of the current media and political darlings .
The second part , Renewable Fuel Contenders , will discuss some options that have received less attention , but in the long term are more likely to have staying power in my view .
The final part on niches will discuss situations in which certain options might work in very specific situations .
Reality Begins to Sink In
There was an interesting article in the Wall Street Journal this past week :
U.S. Biofuel Boom Running on Empty
A few pertinent excerpts :
The biofuels revolution that promised to reduce America 's dependence on foreign oil is fizzling out .
Two - thirds of U.S. biodiesel production capacity now sits unused , reports the National Biodiesel Board .
Producers of next - generation biofuels -- those using nonfood renewable materials such as grasses , cornstalks and sugarcane stalks -- are finding it tough to attract investment and ramp up production to an industrial scale .
This all boils down to something I have said on many occasions :
You can't mandate technology .
Just because you mandate that 36 billion gallons of biofuel are to be produced by 2022 does n't mean that it has a remote chance of happening .
This is not a hard concept to understand , but it seems to have eluded our government for many years .
Politicians would probably understand that they could n't create colonies on the moon in 10 years via mandate .
They know they can't cure cancer via mandate .
But in the area of biofuels , they seem to feel like they can just conjure up vast amounts of hydrogen , cellulosic ethanol , or algal biodiesel .
Domestically produced biofuels were supposed to be an answer to reducing America 's reliance on foreign oil .
In 2007 , Congress set targets for the U.S. to blend 36 billion gallons of biofuels a year into the U.S. fuel supply in 2022 , from 11.1 billion gallons in 2009 .
Cellulosic ethanol , derived from the inedible portions of plants , and other advanced fuels were expected to surpass corn ethanol to fill close to half of all biofuel mandates in that time .
But the industry is already falling behind the targets .
The mandate to blend next - generation fuels , which kicks in next year , is unlikely to be met because of a lack of enough viable production .
Most people do n't realize that the Germans were the first to produce ethanol from cellulose .
That happened in 1898 .
For our political leaders and many industry boosters , cellulosic ethanol is a recent discovery , and thus they expect big leaps in the technology in the next few years .
These expectations completely ignore the fact that researchers have been hard at work on making cellulosic ethanol a reality for decades - with little success .
The situation is like needing to make a journey of 100 miles , and companies send out press releases every time they move an inch .
This gives the false impression that the technology ( same story with algae ) is expanding by leaps and bounds .
In President Bush 's 2006 State of the Union address , he broadly expanded the mandate for ethanol .
He voiced his strong support for cellulosic ethanol , and included billions of gallons in the Renewable Fuel Standard - as well as billions of dollars of financial support .
How quickly our politicians seem to have forgotten the 2003 State of the Union , in which Bush set forth his vision of the hydrogen economy :
" A simple chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen generates energy , which can be used to power a car producing only water , not exhaust fumes .
With a new national commitment , our scientists and engineers will overcome obstacles to taking these cars from laboratory to showroom so that the first car driven by a child born today could be powered by hydrogen and pollution - free . "
We spent some two billion dollars toward that goal .
Once again , this ignored many technical and economic realities , and so in May 2009 :
Hydrogen Car Goes Down Like the Hindenburg : DoE Kills the Program
The dream of hydrogen fuel cell cars has just been put back in the garage .
U.S. Energy Secretary Steven
Chu announced yesterday that his department is cutting all funding for hydrogen car research , saying that it wo n’t be a feasible technology anytime soon .
“ We asked ourselves , ‘ Is it likely in the next 10 or 15 , 20 years that we will covert to a hydrogen car economy ? ’
The answer , we felt , was ‘ no , ’ ” Chu said .
My prediction is that in the not too distant future we will start to see headlines like this for cellulosic ethanol .
The troublesome barriers to commercialization are quite fundamental , and are n't likely to be resolved by government mandate .
If enough money is thrown at it , cellulosic ethanol will certainly be produced .
After all , the Germans could do it 110 years ago .
But it can never be a scalable , economic reality .
Pretenders
Broadly speaking , in the world of next generation renewable fuels there are contenders , pretenders , and niches .
Over the past decade , we have thrown an awful lot of money at pretenders and have little to show for it .
There are many reasons for this , but fundamentally I believe it boils down to the fact that our political leaders can't sort the wheat from the chaff .
If a proponent extols the benefits of hydrogen , cellulose , or algae - the politicians just do n't know enough to ask the right critical questions .
They listen - generally to the very people who will benefit from more funding - and then they allocate money .
Billions of dollars and little progress later , they or their successors may begin to realize that they have been misled and they start to dial the funding back .
Here is how I define a next generation Biofuel Pretender : A company or group that makes grandiose promises about the ability of a technology to displace large amounts of fossil fuel , despite facing significant ( and often unrecognized ) barriers to commercialization .
Here are some examples :
Hydrogen
One of the original renewable energy pretenders .
Proponents ignored practical realities in many different areas , including fuel cell vehicles that cost a million dollars , the fact that most hydrogen is produced from natural gas , the fact that the energy density of hydrogen is very low , and the fact that there are multiple issues with hydrogen storage and transport .
Technical breakthroughs were being counted on to solve these challenges .
After all , we put a man on the moon .
Surely we could solve these challenges .
The real problem is that the potential for success falls rapidly as the number of needed breakthroughs pile up .
Imagine for instance that each of the following - cost of vehicle production , cost effective storage , and cost effective transport of hydrogen - individually have a 25 % chance of achieving commercial viability in the next 20 years .
The total chance for success of all three in that case falls to 1.5 % .
Thus , most technologies that truly require multiple technical breakthroughs will fail to materialize commercially except perhaps over a much longer period of time .
Cellulosic Ethanol
As was the case with hydrogen , this one requires multiple technical breakthroughs before commercial ( unsubsidized ) viability can be achieved .
I wo n't go through them all now , as I have covered them before .
The fundamental reason that cellulosic ethanol wo n't scale up to displace large amounts of gasoline is that the energy efficiency of the process is so low .
You have the sugars that make up cellulose locked up tightly in the biomass - which has a low energy density to start with .
So you add energy to unlock the sugar and turn it into ethanol , and then you end up with ethanol in water .
More energy inputs are required to get the ethanol out .
Even if the energy can be supplied by the by - products of the process like lignin , the net BTUs of liquid fuel that you end up with are going to be low relative to what you started with .
For example , assume you start off with 10 BTUs of biomass .
You expend energy to get it to the factory , to process it , and then to get the water out .
You burn part of the biomass to fuel the process , and input some fossil fuel .
You might net something like 3 BTUs of liquid fuel from the 10 BTUs of biomass you started with .
Do n't confuse this with fossil fuel energy balance , though .
If the external energy inputs in this example only amounted to 1 BTU of fossil fuel , one could claim a fossil fuel energy balance of 3/1 .
But that does n't change the fact the final liquid fuel input is a small fraction of the starting BTUs in the biomass .
This is analogous to the situation with oil shale , which is why I have compared the two .
There may in fact be a trillion or more barrels of shale oil locked up in Colorado , Utah , and Wyoming .
But if the extraction of those barrels requires a trillion barrels worth of energy inputs and lots of water - then that oil shale might as well be on the moon .
So , a trillion barrels is n't really a trillion barrels in the case of oil shale , and a billion tons of biomass is much smaller than it seems when talking about cellulosic ethanol .
So despite the claims from the EPA that the Renewable Fuel Standard program will increase the volume of renewable fuel required to be blended into gasoline from 9 billion gallons in 2008 to 36 billion gallons by 2022 - that is not going to happen unless the government is willing to throw massive amounts of money at an inefficient process .
Algal Biofuel
Like many , I was initially enchanted by the possibility of weaning the world away from fossil fuels by using fuel made from algae .
Proponents wrote articles suggesting that we could do just that , provided the necessary investments are made .
Sadly , the story is much more complex than that .
The U.S. DOE funded a study for many years into the potential of algae to produce fuel .
( For an overview of where things stand from John Benemann , one of the men who co-authored the close - out report of that study , see Algal Biodiesel : Fact or Fiction ? )
The problem is again one of needing to surmount multiple technical hurdles , and the close - out report discusses that reality .
Again , I wo n't go into those details , as that has been covered before .
While it is a fact that you can produce fuel from algae , the challenges are such that John has written that you can't even buy algal biofuel for $ 100 / gallon .
He said that if you want to separate the reality from the hype , just try to secure a contract with someone to supply you with algal fuel .
Note : Following the initial publication of this essay , a person who has been active with algae research for many years wrote to me : " In spite of all the hype and non - stop press releases , no one to my knowledge is producing algae on a commercial basis for biofuel production . "
Again , if someone claims they are , ask where you can buy some of their fuel .
First Generation Biodiesel
This story is primarily about 2nd generation fuels , and as such I wo n't get into corn ethanol issues .
But I will say a bit about biodiesel .
As indicated in the Wall Street Journal story , conventional biodiesel producers are in trouble .
Briefly , a conventional biodiesel producer is someone who takes vegetable oils or animal fats and generally uses methanol ( almost all of which is fossil - fuel derived ) and converts that into an oxygenated compound ( called a mono - alkyl ester ) .
This compound has been defined as ' biodiesel ' , and can be used - subject to certain limitations - in a diesel engine .
Again , the problems are fundamental .
It takes a lot of effort ( energy , cost ) to produce most of the oils that are used as raw materials , and then you have to react with methanol - which usually contains a lot of embodied fossil fuel energy .
Presently , the first generation biodiesel producers benefit from a high level of protectionism ( to the extent of punishing the more efficient 2nd generation producers ) .
But even with the protectionism and the subsidies , producers are still struggling to survive .
What really killed them is that they were exporting a large amount of the biodiesel production to Europe .
This enabled them to collect double subsidies - U.S. and European - but the Europeans recently put a stop to that , thus putting the industry in financial crisis .
Miscellaneous
There are a number of miscellaneous pretenders that we probably do n't need to discuss in depth , such as various free energy schemes or water as a fuel .
If you think you might be dealing with a pretender , one caution flag is when their promoters are from backgrounds that have nothing to do with energy .
For instance , the person who founded the dot.com that ultimately morphs into an energy company is almost certainly a pretender chasing funds .
Summary
To summarize , the biofuel pretenders fall into several broad categories .
The big ones are :
• Hydrogen
• Most would - be cellulosic ethanol producers
• Most would - be algal biofuel producers
• Most first generation biodiesel producers
This is n't to say that none of these will work in any circumstances .
I will get into that when I talk about niches .
But I will say that I am confident that none of these are scalable solutions to our fossil fuel dependence .
Frankly , I wish the algae story was true .
I love the idea of getting renewable fuel from brackish waterways .
But I try not to let a hope get confused with what I believe is realistic .
The problem is that political leaders have been , or are still convinced that there is great potential for some of these and we waste billions of dollars chasing fantasies .
This is a great distraction , causing a loss of precious time and public goodwill as taxpayer money is squandered chasing schemes that ultimately will not pan out .
In the next installment , I will talk about contenders - options that I think can compete with fossil fuels on a level playing field .
Logo Design : 40 + Must Have Tutorials
Logos a very important part of building your brand ’s identity .
“ Branding ” yourself , is the best way to represent who you are and what you are all about .
If designed properly , logos can have an enormous impact on your company ’s success .
In this post I have hand - picked a great collection of very useful logo tutorials for you to try out .
I am confident that your next logo design will benefit from these tutorials .
Enjoy !
Want more articles on useful tutorials ?
Check out some of my previous post :
Web Layout Designs : 60 Must Have Tutorials
30 Must See Character Illustration Tutorials
40 Useful Photoshop Tutorials for Photo Manipulation
New research from the University of Southampton has demonstrated that it is possible for communication from person to person through the power of thought -- with the help of electrodes , a computer and Internet connection .
Brain - Computer Interfacing ( BCI ) can be used for capturing brain signals and translating them into commands that allow humans to control ( just by thinking ) devices such as computers , robots , rehabilitation technology and virtual reality environments .
This experiment goes a step further and was conducted by Dr Christopher James from the University 's Institute of Sound and Vibration Research .
The aim was to expand the current limits of this technology and show that brain - to - brain ( B2B ) communication is possible .
Dr James comments : " Whilst BCI is no longer a new thing and person to person communication via the nervous system was shown previously in work by Professor Kevin Warwick from the University of Reading , here we show , for the first time , true brain to brain interfacing .
We have yet to grasp the full implications of this but there are various scenarios where B2B could be of benefit such as helping people with severe debilitating muscle wasting diseases , or with the so - called ' locked - in ' syndrome , to communicate and it also has applications for gaming . "
His experiment had one person using BCI to transmit thoughts , translated as a series of binary digits , over the internet to another person whose computer receives the digits and transmits them to the second user 's brain through flashing an LED lamp .
While attached to an EEG amplifier , the first person would generate and transmit a series of binary digits , imagining moving their left arm for zero and their right arm for one .
The second person was also attached to an EEG amplifier and their PC would pick up the stream of binary digits and flash an LED lamp at two different frequencies , one for zero and the other one for one .
The pattern of the flashing LEDs is too subtle to be picked by the second person , but it is picked up by electrodes measuring the visual cortex of the recipient .
The encoded information is then extracted from the brain activity of the second user and the PC can decipher whether a zero or a one was transmitted .
This shows true brain - to - brain activity .
You can watch Dr James ' BCI experiment at : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93p7oDkA5WA&feature=email
Dr James is part of the University of Southampton 's Brain - Computer Interfacing Research Programme , which brings together biomedical engineering and the clinical sciences and provides a cohesive scientific basis for rehabilitation research and management .
Projects are driven by clinical problems , using cutting - edge signal processing research to produce an investigative tool for advancing knowledge of neurophysiological mechanisms , as well as providing a practical therapeutic system to be used outside a specialised BCI laboratory .
Dr James also appeared on BBC2's ' James May 's Big Ideas ' last year , talking about thought controlled wheelchairs and introducing the field of BCI .
You can view the segment here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyrd0uOuyms&feature=related
Say you ’re a Bangladeshi taxi driver struggling to survive on your daily wage in Dhaka .
A couple of nongovernmental organizations have offered you help , but you can pick only one form of assistance : access to microcredit , or a chance to work in the United States .
What ’s the better deal ?
According to a recent analysis by the Center for Global Development , microcredit loans might net you an extra $ 700 over the course of a lifetime .
Working stateside , you ’re likely to make the same amount in a month .
Nothing rich countries can send the global poor — not loans , not textbooks , not fair - wage campaign materials — will boost the income of the average worker nearly so much as letting him walk among the wealthy .
Transported from Haiti or Nigeria to the United States or Canada , a low - skilled worker will watch the value of his labor jump more than 700 percent — instantly .
Wage gaps of that magnitude have some economists , notably Harvard ’s Lant Pritchett , supporting a small but potentially revolutionary shift in the nature of economic cooperation : a global guest - worker program , run by rich countries in the interest of the poor .
Every wealthy country would hand out enough work visas to increase its labor force by 3 percent , and the visas would be temporary , allowing the benefits to be broadly shared among successive waves of foreign workers .
ROME 
In making it easier for traditionalist Anglicans to become Catholic , Pope Benedict XVI once again revealed the character of his papacy : to reach out to the most fervent of like - minded believers , even if they are not Catholic .
Yet some observers wonder whether his move could paradoxically liberalize the church  or at least wedge it open  on a crucial issue : celibacy .
In a momentous move on Tuesday , the Vatican said it would help Anglicans uncomfortable with female priests and openly gay bishops join a new Anglican rite within the Catholic Church .
The invitation also extends to married Anglican clergy .
And so some have begun to wonder , even if the 82 - year - old Benedict himself would never allow it , would more people in the Roman Catholic Church begin to entertain the possibility of married Catholic priests ?
“ If you get used to the idea of your priests being married , then that changes the perception of the Catholic priesthood necessarily , ” said Austen Ivereigh , a Catholic commentator in London and a former adviser to Cardinal Cormac Murphy - O’Connor of Westminster .
Most interesting ideas come to me between 8 am and 10 am .
This is sacred time .
The day is young , I am rested , and the coffee is fresh .
I spend most of this time in the car driving to work .
The music is providing a creative , catalyzing ambiance to structure my thinking .
I create two or three start - ups during the average drive to work .
And then I get to work and I google my ideas .
“ How about a service like Trunk Club for sunglasses ? ”
Fuck .
“ Wait wait wait , what the stressed out humans need are weight blanket .
Comforting heavy blankets . ”
Goddammit .
You ’re in a hurry .
Do the math .
We are all staring at the same set of data .
Yes , there is a lot of data and there is a very low probability that you ’re able to surf it all , but here ’s the rub :
There ’s a lot of us .
In fact , there ’s a shitload of us , and when you combine all of us with the equally huge amount of data , you understand that when I arrive at work and google my great ideas , I ’m no longer surprised when my precisely designed drive - to - work business model is already in play .
Fuckers .
You ’re in a hurry .
The epiphany I want to talk about is this :
What are you waiting for ?
Seriously .
I know you ’ve got a mortgage and 1.5 kids , but during your sacred time when you discover that bright idea and subsequently discover that no established competitor exists … why are n’t you making the leap ?
I know what you ’re waiting for .
See , you ’ve been doing the same comfortable thing I ’ve been doing for twenty years .
You ’re obeying the structure of the organization where there are charts that describe who owns what and who owns whom .
I am intimately familiar with the mindset that reads :
“ We will complete our work by following the rules of mediocrity . ”
Do just enough .
Do n’t rock the boat .
Make yourself indispensable without being noticeable .
And it works .
There is absolutely no way to argue that following the rules does n’t result in a comfortable life , but …
You ’re in a hurry
Maybe you ’re waiting for validation .
You ’re waiting for that someone you respect to say , “ Yes , you bright person , you should do that thing . ”
It was your parents when you were a kid and then it was your first boss , but now it simply needs to be you .
What you need to understand about these people that support you is that they ’re not here to slow you down , they ’re here to get the hell out of your way so you can be brilliant .
You need to discover the moment when you actually know better than everyone around you — when you make the first move without asking permission .
Try it .
You do n’t need to quit your job and go build the next Twitter .
Try it with something small .
A thing where you ’d normally preflight it with your boss , bounce the idea around the hallway a bit , and then move forward .
Skip the preflight .
Skip the hallway and move on your idea .
Do n’t worry if someone else is already working on your idea .
I ’m certain they are , but they are decidedly not you and it ’s the you that makes your idea unique .
Whether you ’re successful or not , it ’s a terrific way to get in a lot of trouble .
There ’s a long list of established rules and regulations that you violate with your creative impertinence , but it feels great , right ?
Trusting your gut and charging forward .
It can be addictive .
It ’s not your only operating procedure .
There are teams to communicate with and strategic corporate alignment that needs to be maintained , but then there ’s you , on the subway to work , drinking a Starbucks when inspiration strikes , and rather than just soaking in that brief moment of illumination , I want you to do something about it because …
You ’re in a hurry .
Found an interesting podcast here yesterday made by someone recording the entire Heliand , the largest written work in the Old Saxon ( Old Low German ) language , which is documented from the 8th to the 12th century .
See here for the entire text of the Heliand , but to begin hearing what it sounds like right away first go to this page ( one chapter ) , and click here to download the corresponding mp3 .
It 's quite clear that Old Saxon and Old English were quite similar languages , and along with that so was Icelandic at the time ( see here and here for some more on that ) , apparently mutually comprehensible with Old English .
To see a comparison between Old Saxon and modern German , see here on the German Wikipedia .
Old Saxon definitely looks a lot more familiar than German to English eyes - compare
Welt with werold ( world ) , über with obar ( over , about ) , das with that , Landschaft with landskepi ( landscape ) , and alle diese with al that .
Even just listening to the recorded mp3s from the site you can hear it too - those that have never learned any German will find it a bit easier to understand than modern German .
Remember when the Left scoffed at the argument from George W. Bush that claimed the authorization to use military force allowed the executive branch to hold captured terrorists indefinitely , without criminal trial ?
Bush ’s opponents screamed about human rights and due process , and claimed that Bush had abused his power .
Those critics included Barack Obama , who regularly castigated the Bush administration for its failure to provide his idea of due process to detainees at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere , as well as blasting Bush for his argument that he did n’t require Congress to act to maintain that power .
Now ?
Change you can believe in , baby :
The Obama administration has decided not to seek new legislation from Congress authorizing the indefinite detention of about 50 terrorism suspects being held without charges at at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , officials said Wednesday .
Instead , the administration will continue to hold the detainees without bringing them to trial based on the power it says it has under the Congressional resolution passed after the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , authorizing the president to use force against forces of Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
In concluding that it does not need specific permission from Congress to hold detainees without charges , the Obama administration is adopting one of the arguments advanced by the Bush administration in years of debates about detention policies .
But President Obama ’s advisers are not embracing the more disputed Bush contention that the president has inherent power under the Constitution to detain terrorism suspects indefinitely regardless of Congress .
The Justice Department said in a statement Wednesday night that “ the administration would rely on authority already provided by Congress ” under the use of force resolution .
“ The administration is not currently seeking additional authorization , ” the statement said .
This is known as a distinction without a difference .
If the White House does n’t see the need to get Congressional authorization for continued indefinite detention , then it means that the White House believes it has that power under the Constitution , whence it derives all authority .
They may not want to say it out loud , but their actions speak volumes .
Obama has adopted the Bush position in its entirety .
And this is , of course , another example of the Geraghty Axiom .
The New York Times has trouble reconciling this with Obama ’s statement in May on the subject :
Still , the position surprised some critics who had expected after a speech by Mr. Obama in May that he would seek legislation to put the system of indefinite detention on firmer political and legal ground .
In that speech at the National Archives , Mr. Obama said that he was considering continuing indefinite detention in some limited cases but that he would not act unilaterally .
“ We must recognize that these detention policies cannot be unbounded , ” he said at the time .
“ They ca n’t be based simply on what I or the executive branch decide alone . ”
The explanation ?
All of Obama ’s statements come with an expiration date — all of them .
Ask the Poles , who heard Obama offer rhetorical support at about the same time for a land - based missile shield , a controversial issue for which Polish politicians had risked much , only to have Obama flip - flop on the 70th anniversary of the Soviet invasion .
Will Obama acknowledge that Bush had it right all along , and that war powers give the executive branch the right to hold unlawful combatants indefinitely until the end of hostilities ?
Or will he attempt , as the New York Times reports , to make distinctions without differences ?
Update : Jazz
Shaw is spitting nails over this reversal .
He and I disagree on the policy point , but we both agree that Obama is a hypocrite .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Dying stinks , even for woodlice
When animals die , their corpses exude a particular " stench of death " which repels their living relatives , scientists have discovered .
Corpses of animals as distantly related as insects and crustaceans all produce the same stench , caused by a blend of simple fatty acids .
The smell helps living animals avoid others that have succumbed to disease or places where predators lurk .
This " death recognition system " likely evolved over 400 million years ago .
The discovery was made by a team of researchers based at McMaster University , near Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , and is published in the journal Evolutionary Biology .
A drop of oleic acid on a perfectly healthy ant resulted in her being carried kicking and screaming to the cemetery .
Ants can't scream , but you get the picture
Professor David Rollo Led by Professor David Rollo , the team stumbled upon the phenomenon while studying live cockroaches .
" We were examining the aggregation behaviour of cockroaches , " says Prof Rollo .
When a cockroach finds a good place to shelter , it gives off pheromones that attract more of its kind .
In a bid to identify the exact chemicals involved , Prof Rollo 's team extracted body juices from dead cockroaches to see what effect they had .
Take out the dead " We were astonished to find that nearly 100 % of cockroaches avoid shelters treated with whole body extracts .
Something in the extract was overriding any attractive chemicals , " says Prof Rollo .
" We initiated extensive work to figure out what could be so important to make all these insects go away . "
After eliminating a host of other possibilities , such as cockroaches producing alarm signals , they considered the idea that a specific chemical is released by the insects upon death .
By smelling their dead , cockroaches may be able to avoid predators " A search of the literature turned up a very old article by famous sociologist and ecologist E. O. Wilson , " says Prof Rollo .
" Wilson found that ants removed the dead from their nest and dumped them in a cemetery .
Moreover , he identified the active signal as oleic acid . "
" The famous story goes that Wilson found that a drop of oleic acid on a perfectly healthy ant resulted in her being carried kicking and screaming to the cemetery .
Ants can't scream , but you get the picture . "
Common death smell
That was about all the prior information known .
So Rollo 's team took an educated guess that cockroaches might use a similar chemical to signal death .
Analyses of the cockroach extract found this to be so .
The fraction that was so off - putting to other cockroaches contained nothing but simply fatty acids , with oleic and linoleic acids the two main components .
However , the big question remained .
Ants and cockroaches diverged millions of years ago , and are as unrelated as aadvarks are to beavers , says Prof Rollo .
So do they both produce the same chemicals when they die by chance , or does a wide group of animals give off a common " stench of death " .
SMELL OF FEAR
We still know very little about how animals use smell to sense danger .
For example : Various mammals , including deer , groundhogs and rabbits will avoid the smell of blood .
They also avoid the smell of various soaps , which are largely comprised of fatty acids Rats will seal up burrow entrances that have been treated with cat litter , but it is not known what actual smell is the deterrent , or whether it is specific to cats or faeces
Mice can tell if another has been exposed to radiation or is carrying a virus Further work by another research team showed that a very primitive type of insect called a collembola also uses these same fatty acids to recognise dead kin .
New experiments by Rollo's team have also now confirmed that the phenomenon is used even more widely .
They have found that terrestrial woodlice use the same chemistry to recognise their dead , using it to avoid both crushed woodlice and intact corpses .
As do two unrelated species of social caterpillar , which usually gather in large numbers .
When tested both tent moth caterpillars ( Malacosoma americanum ) and fall webworms ( Hyphantria cunea ) strongly avoided extracts taken from the bodies of other dead caterpillars .
They also avoided pure oleic and linoleic acids .
Death is catching
That means that various types of distantly - related insects , as well as woodlice , which are a type of crustacean , share a common system for recognising death .
And because insects and crustaceans diverged more than 400 million years ago , likely from an aquatic ancestor , it is likely that most subsequent species all recognise their dead in a similar way .
Tent moth caterpillars like to socialise
Such a skill is incredibly useful , says Prof Rollo .
And " it is one that does not require any posthumous best wishes from the dead . "
" Consider that you enter a shelter but there are members of your species present that have recently died , " says Prof Rollo .
" Moreover , perhaps they died of the equivalent of bug bubonic plague . "
" Recognising and avoiding the dead could reduce the chances of catching the disease , or allow you to get away with just enough exposure to activate your immunity . "
Alternatively , imagine that this particular neighbourhood has a local voracious predator that has dismembered several of your relatives , " he continues .
" Avoiding the area where others have been taken by predators could also be very useful . "
" In fact , as we describe , fatty acids are reliably and relatively rapidly released or exposed from cells following death . "
" Evolution may have favoured recognition of such cues because they are so reliable and exposure to risks of contagion or predation are so important . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A quarry in the south of England has been the site of an " eye test " for Europe 's planned rover mission ExoMars .
The quarry - chosen for its similarity to Martian terrain - saw cameras and image processing software tested on the ExoMars prototype rover Bridget .
The rover will be equipped with a raft of cameras and the aim is to integrate them and the data they will send back .
The technology developed for the mission has applications not only in space science but also here on Earth .
The eventual rover will have a pair of front - mounted navigation cameras and a quartet of cameras at its corners for hazard avoidance .
It will also have a pair of scientific cameras that give it stereoscopic vision and thus depth perception , as well as a high - resolution camera for zooming in on areas of interest .
You can become almost like a field geologist , in the field on Mars
Lester Waugh
EADS Astrium
UK Mars rover hopes face set - back
The wide - angle scientific cameras are equipped with filter wheels , which limit the light that reaches them to specific wavelengths .
Measuring the sunlight reflected off Martian terrain in these specific bands gives information on the chemical makeup of whatever is in the field of view .
The aim of the EU PRoVisG ( Planetary Robotics Vision Ground Processing ) project is to stitch together all of the information from the cameras , ensuring for example that the scientific results are tagged to the location at which they were taken and that the navigation cameras ' views are assembled into a virtual , 3D representation of the rover 's environment .
Also at issue is how to get that data sent back to Earth ; there is a finite amount of information the rover will be able to send back in a day .
What is more , the data 's trip from Mars can take 20 minutes , so for mission - critical movements , it is important to be able to bounce data and instructions back and forth as quickly as possible .
As a result , the cameras ' resolution has been deliberately limited so that the image files they send back are not too unwieldy , and part of the project concerns itself with compacting and minimising the total amount of data the rover must send .
Qualifications
While much of the technology to acquire images , send them wirelessly , and stitch them into a sensible whole already exists , getting similar systems onto the surface of Mars is a whole different matter .
" Imagine you have a terrestrial , state - of - the - art computer .
We could n't send it into space because it would never survive , " said Lester Waugh , lead engineer for EADS Astrium , the space firm that led the development of Bridget and coordinates the UK efforts of PRoVisG .
NEW EXOMARS MISSION CONCEPT
Now likely to leave Earth in 2018 ; primary aim is to search for life Current proposal is to use a US Atlas rocket to launch ExoMars US also to look after the rover 's entry , descent and landing Hardware likely to be the same as for US 2013 rover , Curiosity ExoMars would be targeted at key methane hotspots on the planet
It will have the capacity to drill 2 m into the Martian ground Esa states still have to sign off the plan and a budget
Europe 's Mars rover slips to 2018
He explained that anything sent to Mars has to withstand the extreme vibrations of launch , space temperature extremes of both hot and cold , and constant bombardment from cosmic rays .
Engineering around those constraints and then testing equipment to exacting standards - making it " space qualified " - takes a great deal of time , so space - worthy technology necessarily lags behind the less robust terrestrial version .
The project is also concerned with developing tools to display and make use of the data from the rover .
" From the images , we can generate 3D elevation maps - 3D representations that you can actually explore , " Dr Waugh explained .
" Once you 've created that model you can use all the surface textures you 've gained from the imagery , and you 've got an environment that people can go and explore .
You can become almost like a field geologist , in the field on Mars . "
The new visualisation tools can also be used to inform future , manned missions to Mars .
" It 's a bit like Google street view : you can go down to street level and explore the environment so that when you drive into the place , you know what 's going on there .
" It 's the same for astronauts - if you want them to know what the environment is like , then give them a 3D virtual reality experience .
This helps a lot with their planning . "
For more Earth - based applications , Dr Waugh said that robust imaging technology developed for ExoMars could see use in rovers used for volcanic science or in nuclear sites , where temperature and radiation extremes limit typical robotic technology .
He added that the 3D visualisation approaches could be " great fun " if used for gaming .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google Summer of Code has again been a huge success for KDE this year .
37 out of 38 projects were finished successfully .
Much of the work done during these projects is already merged into trunk and will be available for the users with the KDE 4.4 release in January 2010 .
Thanks to all students and mentors for their great work !
Below you will find a short interview with each of the students , asking them about the cool things they have been working on for the past few months .
Alessandro Sivieri about his project : " The aim of the project was to create a semantic load and save dialog system , an alternative to the current one .
The idea is to allow users to specify meta information , tags and relations about their files while saving them , instead of just a location and a filename .
This will enable you to find your files later on .
The dialog system has been created and now my mentor Sebastian Trueg and I are working on integrating it into kdelibs .
The user will be able to switch between the current file save dialog and the new one , making it easy to try it .
This work is still in progress and of course I will blog about it as soon as it will be testable .
It has been great working with the KDE community in these three months , and I hope to enjoy it more and more in the future . "
Find out more in Alessandro 's blog .
Martin Sandsmark worked on Phonon : " During this summer I implemented support in Phonon ( the KDE multimedia framework used in Amarok , JuK and DragonPlayer , amongst others ) for exporting audio data .
This in turn enables applications that use Phonon to analyse the audio and for example display pretty visualisations or calculate the BPM . "
So hooray for pretty visualisations in Amarok soon !
Chani Armitage brought back a KDE 3 feature by implementing plugins for mouse clicks on the desktop background like window list , application list , etc .
Read more about it in her blog .
Jeremias Epperlein has helped the KOffice team : " I have been working on the formula or equation editor of KOffice under the mentorship of Alfredo Beaumont .
KOffice is based on the Flake framework , where each content element type is represented as a plugin , called Flake shape .
I implemented editing for the formula shape used for representing mathematical equations .
This includes cursor movement , mouse handling , selection and editing support .
You can now insert and remove variables , numbers , operators , fractions , roots , sub - and superscripts , under - and overscripts , tables and so on .
All this works with proper undo / redo .
You can manipulate tables as well as load and save the resulting MathML documents . "
Thanks to the hard work of Alfredo , KOffice will have state - of - the - art MathML formula support !
Christopher Ing helped improve Step , KDE 's physics simulator .
" I implemented a smoothed particle hydrodynamics algorithm in KDE - Edu's Step for fast fluid simulation .
This will allow science educators to quantitatively measure and qualitatively observe interesting properties of fluids . "
Physics students will love this - the improvements to Step will make it easy to visualise and experiment with complex fluid physics .
Go and read his personal Summer of Code conclusion .
Constantin Berzan had fun with the KDE PIM team : " This summer I worked on two bits that will be part of the underlying architecture for KMail 2 , namely a new Akonadi mail dispatcher agent and a new mail composing library based on KMime .
The KDE PIM team is absolutely awesome and you can expect amazing things in the years to come ( - ; . "
Marwan Hilmi built a KDE based game client for the Thousand Parsec 4X game framework : " Over the summer , I 've created a game client , which integrates with a Thousand Parsec libtpproto - cpp protocol library , and can connect to game servers and display basic game information .
Progress was made in providing Parsek with full gameplay functionality . "
Marwan wrote about his progress in his blog .
Alejandro Wainzinger worked on finishing up media device support on Amarok : " This meant bringing back playlists , beefing up the warnings / errors on actions related to devices , stale / orphaned entry cleanup support for iPods , and supporting Universal Mass Storage devices .
A lot of code had to be de-sqlified to make this possible , which has had good side - effects on other parts of Amarok .
It also ended up in a very large media device refactor that will hopefully make it easier for other devices to make a comeback if anyone is willing to take up the job . "
This is his second round of GSoC and he is now a core member of the Amarok team .
Alessandro Diaferia worked together with the Plasma team on a media center : " My GSoC project has come to its end but my effort into MediaCenter wo n't stop now , I 'll keep working on it trying to make it a valid KDE piece of software .
My big thank you goes to my mentor Marco Martin who helped me a lot in my path through this huge project and of course to the KDE community who made this possible . "
Ana Cecília Martins Barbosa joined the Plasma crew to do a New Widgets Explorer : " It basically consisted of a re-design of the current one .
UX concepts and techniques were applied to lead us to the best result .
These concepts will still be evaluated , but the success of the project can be seen with a quick comparison of the old and new Widgets Explorer . "
The code was integrated into KDE during the last Plasma sprint in the Swiss Alps .
Her work will make it a lot easier to manage new Plasma applets in KDE 4.4 !
Arno Rehn was working on the new generator for SMOKE ( library which wraps C++ classes and methods and makes them available to other programming language ) together with the KDE Bindings team .
" It 's based on the KDevelop4 C++ parser and finished by now .
The code is in trunk , but it 's not yet used .
Nokia has done pretty much the same with their PySide bindings and libapiextractor that they developed for it .
Maybe we can merge the two projects so that they use a common basis . "
His blog has more details .
Bastian Holst worked on a weather plugin and some other plugins for Marble .
This included work on Marble itself , for example on the plugin dialog and the backend of all online services like Wikipedia and photo plugin .
He made displaying items in Marble easier and his work will let Marble introduce many new features in future .
Lukas
Tvrdy brings three important features to Krita 2.1 : infinite canvas , OpenGL tool overlay and 3D brush visualisation .
" Infinite canvas , implementation of the canvas from KOffice libraries where the mouse and tablet events and mainly strokes are not cut by the border of the canvas .
So you can start the stroke outside of the canvas .
You also can paint outside of the canvas , because internally the layers in Krita are infinite .
OpenGL tool overlay is e.g. line you see when you use line tool .
It is the preview of the line , which is going to be painted .
If you enable OpenGL canvas , the tool overlays will be painted with XOR operation using OpenGL. 3D brush visualisation is something handy when you own a tablet .
You do n't have to watch your hands , you can see the 3D brush on the screen . "
Diego Casella worked on PlasMate ( an editor for plasma widgets , data engines and themes ) and mainly on its TimeLine : " The TimeLine is designed to provide for the beginning developer a simple and easy to use interface to manage his or her project history .
Internally this is done by using a git repo ; however , since the developer does n't need to know this implementation detail , the usual terms like commit and branch are replace by the more comfortable " SavePoint " and " Section " terms .
The commands available are reduced , compared with git , in order to keep it simple and easy to understand ; however they are still effective to accomplish common operation such as creating a savepoint based on the current project status , or rolling back to a previous savepoint , delete it , or creating multiple sections , switching between sections and merging them . "
For further info and screenshots , take a look at his blog .
Dmitry Kazakov worked on Krita 's tile engine : " I had two aims in my project .
First was to rewrite tiles - subsystem to allow swapping and compressing of unneeded tile data of Krita .
The second was to implement a mipmapping for faster zooming .
Both of them are in trunk , but both are in testing state as mipmapping made me revise very - very much code of Krita . "
The result of this work will make Krita much snappier when handling large images .
Eduardo Robles Elvira tells us : " My GSoC was about reimplementing Konqueror Bookmarks system with new KDE technology that was not available at the time , mainly Akonadi and Nepomuk .
I rewrote the base resource where Bookmarks are stored , then the bookmarks organizer , the bookmarks menu and the location bar .
This touches the heart of Konqueror and means writing a lot of lines of code , a work which not yet ready to land in Konqueror trunk but hopefully will end up there sooner than later . "
Basic tables support for KWord was implemented by Elvis Stansvik .
KWord now has basic support for laying out ODF tables .
Features that were implemented include table width , relative width , margin and background color , column width and relative width , cell padding , borders and background color as well as column and row spanning .
These features will be available in KOffice 2.1 .
George Kiagiadakis wrote KCall , a voip client based on the telepathy framework : " KCall currently supports audio and video chat over Jabber , and although there are still a few bugs , it is usable for making calls .
However , I do n't consider it ready for general use , mostly because of usability issues and some other bugs / issues in the underlying components of telepathy . "
He will continue working on it , and you can read more about KCall in his blog .
Kashyap Puranik created the calculator widget for Kalzium .
" It currently has 4 calculators : molecular mass calulator , gas calculator ( calculates temperature , volume , pressure etc ) , concentration calculator ( calculates solution concentration ) and a nuclear calculator ( nuclear degradation calculation ) .
I have also created a Plasma widgets for the same . "
Again an addition for KDE - Edu users which will be appreciated in schools around the world !
Ahmmahfuz Rubel joined the KDEGames team to implement a Mancala game .
" I implemented a human to computer playable Mancala game .
Currently , it supports 7 Mancala games from different regions .
There are 3 different levels of difficulty .
In the future , I am planning to provide support for online play and an easy way for custom game making . "
Matthias Fuchs worked on KGet and thanks to him it now supports multisource - downloading .
This means you can add multiple mirrors to a transfer .
Transfers can be verified and repaired , renamed and moved on the filesystem while downloading .
Checksums for a download can be automatically searched for on the internet and the Metalinkcreator makes it possible to create your own metalinks .
Prakash Mohan created an Observation Planner for KStars , which would make the life of any astronomer easy in planning , scheduling and executing observation sessions .
The planner has features like " auto add visible objects tonight to list " , " download images from the web " and a nice way of storing your observation logs .
For more details read on in his blog .
Kaushik Saurabh tells us : " I have worked on Kopete 's history plugin so that it saves its chats in Akonadi server and on TelepathyWatcher , a telepathy client , that logs text chats done by any chat client using telepathyprotocol .
Though everything works , I am still working on it and trying to improve it . "
His work will make searching through your chat logs much easier .
Sandro Andrade started a project which aimed to implement better approaches for program comprehension and developer interaction with software artifacts in KDevelop by means of code visualization mechanisms : " For that purpose , I introduced features for control flow graphs and polymetric visualization , implemented as part of an extensible framework that will facilitate the future development of new visualization paradigms ( treemaps , class / package dependency , dynamic , evolution etc ) . "
Developers have already expressed excitement over these technologies , which visualize the design of an application , making it easier to keep a high level overview of how complex applications work .
Sascha Peilicke was working on SyncML support for Akonadi ( KDEPIM ) during this summer to make it possible to sync with mobile devices for example .
More details can be found in his blog .
Rob Scheepmaker implemented the ability to publish / access plasma widgets over the network : " Widgets can be announced on the local network through zeroconf and when accessing them , the entire plasma package will be send over in case of scripted widgets .
All data engines and services will act on the remote machine instead of the local machine completely transparent to the widget .
You can now for example access a published nowplaying widget to remotely control Amarok from another computer without any change in the nowplaying widget , or any of the data engines / services .
Of course security plays an important part in this project : all messages are signed , and the shell can decide which machines are allowed access to certain services , use the bluetooth like password pairing mechanism ( enter the same password on both machines ) , or simply not allow remote access at all . "
Szymon Tomasz Stefanek joined the Akonadi crowd to implement a filtering framework .
The project focused on creating the new filtering system for the Akonadi platform .
Filtering is what you actually use to discard spam , move the messages from your boss to a special folder , play a nice sound when a mail from your fiancée comes in etc .
Most of the work is at API level and only the top is visible in the UI .
A screenshot of what is probably going to be the next KMail advanced filter editor :
Sven Krohlas implemented a framework for unit tests in Amarok including first tests .
This will help us identify problems , especially regressions , early and hopefully in time for releases .
In time , Amarok will become a more stable application , and it also eases development of features as it warns the developer in advance of regressions his code introduces .
Téo Mrnjavac , who already worked with the Amarok team as part of Season of KDE last summer , refactored much of the playlist backend code , implemented multilevel playlist sorting , implemented a nice breadcrumb interface for multilevel playlist sorting and shuffle , implemented configurable grouping and made all this easily accessible through Amarok URL bookmarks .
Users will be happy to see those much requested features back in Amarok 2.2 .
Vyacheslav Tokarev had to concentrate on fixing things first in his project WYSIWYG ( What You See Is What You Get ) support in khtml : " I was able to improve caret positioning code , selection , edit commands .
It 's very technical and I had to do a lot of debugging to find the correct fixes .
From now ( in my khtml branch ) WYSIWYG editors ( with implemented commands ) mostly work well and very importantly without crashes .
Though I did n't end up implementing all the missing commands ( only 2 ) .
It 's important too to have the rich text editing features , but I had to put all my efforts on the stabilization and the improvement of the existing framework .
( e.g. refactoring the code ) .
As for the future plans I 'm gonna merge editing branch to the trunk in upcoming days and will work on that later . "
Many websites use WYSIWYG editors , and thanks to the work of Vyacheslav these will work in newer versions of Konqueror .
Zeng Huan 's main target was making a landscape object for Kolf2 ( backdrop image for 2d view and an object for 3d view ) .
He also created a texture blender and heightmap editor , these two tools are both used for editing the landscape object .
Kolf2 , the successor of the popular golf simulator in KDE 3 , will thus be an even better application than its predecessor !
Adam Kidder worked on a nice UI for searching for your files with the nepomuksearch :/ kioslave .
He is working on getting it integrated into Dolphin for KDE 4.4 .
Finding the files you want is going to get a lot easier .
You can read about his progress in his blog .
Nicola Gigante 's work has focused on the integration of the new authorization library with the rest of KDE .
First of all , two new classes have been added to KDEUI , that automatically handles authorization .
If you need to execute a privileged action when the user clicks on a button you can use those .
The next step was the integration of the authorization library with the KDE configuration modules API .
" Specifically , I ’ve added some trivial APIs to the KCModule class to allow a module to declare that its save ( ) method requires authorization to be executed .
This way , System Settings and kcmshell can now handle authorization of the module ’s save action . "
Andrew Manson worked with the Marble crew to implement a nice Open Street Map annotation framework that makes the life of mappers all around the world easier with Marble .
Thiago Herrmann improved the MSN support in Kopete by adding various features like ink support and support for voice clips , proxies and emoticons .
He also improved the contact list .
He merged his work into trunk already so MSN users can look forward to nice improvements in KDE 4.4 .
Jorge de la Vega joined the kwin folks to work on window tabbing : " The windows can be grouped and the decoration chooses how to display the contents of the group , it can be as tabs or with a list or any widget the decoration decides .
In a group the windows can be switched by a keyboard shortcut or by the decoration like clicking in a tab .
There are also some options to manage the group in the window pop up menu .
I 've implemented tabbing in Oxygen and it allows to drag the tabs between groups , or to ungroup a window by dragging the tab somewhere else , changing the order of the tabs .
I also wrote a decoration for testing it and I 'm writing a simple decoration . "
Be prepared for some more kwin goodies once this is polished and merged into trunk .
Conclusion
As the above overview shows , the students have done an incredible job this year .
The students have gained valuable experience in working online with a great community , improving their coding skills and having fun .
We , as a community , gained valuable contributions in terms of code - but more importantly , we welcomed new friends .
We hope the students had as much fun as we had working with them , and maybe in time it will be them guiding new students in the welcoming arms of our great community !
Thanks of course also go to Google for making this possible once again .
The budget for the first year of the CCHP allows for three research support staff .
They will be responsible for running experiments ( i.e. , recording participants ) and doing transcription and annotation .
After a brief search , I 've been able to find three graduate students at the university to hire .
They will assist in the project during 2012 - 2013 .
[ This post was actually written 10 August 2012 , but has been back - dated to correspond to the actual events described herein . ]
September 15 , 2009 .
The day publishing died .
Or was saved .
It ’s really
hard to tell which , but everyone agrees on one thing :
That Dan Brown
cat sure did something major to the book industry with the release of
his new novel The Lost Symbol .
The Man Who Loved Books Too Much : The True Story of a Thief , a Detective , and a World of Literary Obsession by Allison Hoover Bartlett .
288 pages .
Riverhead . $ 24.95 .
Outside the talk about whether the monstrous sales ( one million copies sold in the first 24 hours — a record for adult hardcover fiction ) will save reading , or destroy independent bookstores through the competitive discounts of their rivals , one thing is for sure :
People are going to overreact to the fact that Amazon is reporting more e-book sales and than sales of physical copies of The Lost Symbol .
Get ready for the latest round of books - as - physical - objects - are - dead , and the ebook will destroy publishing .
( You think I ’m exaggerating , but just go ahead and Google “ will destroy publishing ” or “ will destroy reading ” and see what you get . )
Putting aside the fact that there are many more advantages to reading The Lost Symbol in particular on an e-book device — no need to look at that ugly cover art , nor to be sneered at by the high and mighty book critics who might be on your subway — this is not a sign that reading is dead , nor that the book as a physical object will disappear within our lifetime .
While people are going to be reading in multiple formats — including e-book readers and iPhones , Web sites and miniformats like Twitter — the book is still a fetish object .
People line up at book fairs and at places like the Harry Ransom Center in Austin , Texas , just to catch a glimpse at a first edition of James Joyce ’s Ulysses , or an original Gutenberg Bible , or even a book they loved in childhood .
That ’s where most book collectors get their start , actually .
Aleph - Bet Books owner Marc Younger specializes in children ’s books , explaining in Allison Hoover Bartlett ’s The Man Who Loved Books Too Much : The True Story of a Thief , a Detective , and a World of Literary Obsession , “ People have an emotional attachment to books they remember reading as children … many [ collectors ] spend a lifetime collecting their favorite childhood stories . ”
Which is why a first edition of Beatrix Potter ’s self - published The Tale of Peter Rabbit will set you back six figures , and an original Pinocchio in Italian runs about $ 80,000 .
As long as there are parents readings books to their children before bed , there will be adults drawn to books not just for their stories , but for their smell , their presence on shelves , the memories of the time and place they were first read , and the artwork on the cover .
Bartlett was drawn into the world of book collecting after hearing the story of John Charles Gilkey , who would eventually go to jail for stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of rare books from bookstores across America .
Gilkey started with an edition of Vladimir Nabokov ’s Lolita , which he bought with his own money after being assured it was a classic .
His attraction was n’t to the book itself — he reports he did n’t even like the book when he tried to read it , saying it was perverted — but to the status it implied .
In owning it , Gilkey felt he presented himself as a learned man , one who could afford such a book .
He became addicted to that feeling of status and started to crave a library full of beautiful , rare , important books .
Gilkey is certainly not alone in his feelings about books .
Just because he acquired his collection through deceit and credit card fraud does n’t mean his obsession with what these books represent — rather than what is contained between his covers — is somehow unique .
Collector Peter Stern , who is also a rare book dealer , talks to Barlett about books he comes across that he decides he has to buy : “ I ache to buy it .
I want it desperately …
The moment I own it , even if it ’s just for a few seconds , that ’s enough .
I could sell it the next minute , and I do n’t even remember it sometimes .
I ’m looking forward to the next book . ”
He ’s also not alone in not reading the books he buys .
Of course , a $ 2,500 edition of The Mayor of Casterbridge is not something you want to drag into the tub with you , but so few of the professional collectors and dealers talked about the stories themselves .
A few did , mostly those specializing in their own very specific areas of interest ( books about “ outsiders , ” for example , or lesbian fiction ) .
Each is more like the person who buys the Monet at auction and immediately puts it into temperature - controlled , protective storage than anyone you ’d recognize as a passionate reader .
Whatever their motivation , however , book collectors help to preserve this physical culture and ensure that our printed matter will still exist in the future .
They are the most likely to fight libraries for the preservation of old newspapers or dig around estate sales and attics to find lost manuscripts by writers like Poe or Blake .
Book thieves , on the other hand , not only destroy our cultural artifacts , but also hinder an understanding of our history .
Most book thieves are misunderstood by the criminal justice system as petty criminals , and they are let go with slaps on the wrist .
Gilkey was one such criminal until members of the Antiquarian Booksellers ’
Association of America banded together under the watch of Ken Sanders and assisted in sting operations and helped document his crimes .
The ABAA continues to fight for longer sentences and heftier fines , as many of these book thieves are repeat offenders .
Hopefully more judges will follow the lead of the one presiding over the trial of Daniel Spiegelman , subject of Travis McDade ’s 2006 The Book Thief , whose bounty totaled $ 1.8 million in rare books and documents , including a 13th - century Euclidean geometry textbook .
In her decision , the judge stated , “ This crime was quite different from the theft of cash equal to the appraised value of the materials stolen , because it deprived not only Columbia [ University ] , but the world , of irreplaceable pieces of the past and the benefits of future scholarship . ”
Reading Bartlett ’s descriptions of book collections and the attachments people have to them was particularly bittersweet for me .
When I made the decision to move overseas , I also made the decision to get rid of my entire library — 1,500 books .
Most were sold to a used bookstore , some donated to charity , others handed off to friends .
Down to several hundred near the moving date , the gentleman who came over to pick up the shelves I was selling asked what I was doing with the giant stacks now lined up around my bare walls .
“ Do you want them ? ” I asked .
He immediately picked up a stack and started loading up his car .
My friend Charles and I sat gloomily as the man made trip after trip up and down my stairs .
I skipped refilling my glass with vodka and just started drinking out of the bottle .
“ It ’s the stories they contain , not the books themselves , right ? ” I asked Charles .
“ Sure , kid .
Can you top me off ? ”
Some of my friends made jokes about my suddenly understanding the purpose of the Kindle , but I know it ’s not the same .
I do n’t miss the stories in Isak Dinesen ’s Seven Gothic Tales .
I can hop over to East of Eden bookstore and probably find a copy of the same book .
But it would n’t have the same smell , it would n’t be a perfect 1960s Modern Library hardback edition , and it would n’t have my 2007 Dublin bus schedule jammed between the pages as a bookmark .
I do n’t miss the book , I miss the book .
I hope it ’s being read and loved right now , and my bus schedule replaced with a subway pass or a receipt for coffee and an almond croissant .
• 23 September 2009
* Missouri native joins group bidding for Rams
* Former football commentator for ESPN
* Rams valued at $ 913 mln - Forbes ( Adds background in last paragraph )
CHICAGO , Oct 6 ( Reuters ) - Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh wants to own a National Football League team .
A spokesman for Limbaugh confirmed on Tuesday that the talk show host had said in a statement to KMOX Radio in St. Louis that he had joined a group trying to buy the St. Louis Rams .
The statement said that Limbaugh and Dave Checketts , owner of the National Hockey League 's St. Louis Blues , would operate the football team , Limbaugh 's producer , Kit Carson , confirmed .
The statement said Limbaugh would not discuss the bid further because of a confidentiality agreement with Goldman Sachs , which was hired by the family of former Rams owner Georgia Frontiere to review her estate .
A spokesman for Checketts declined to comment , but Checketts has acknowledged a desire to buy the Rams .
Last month , Forbes magazine valued the Rams at $ 913 million , ranking them 25th out of 32 NFL teams .
Limbaugh , one of the most highly paid figures in broadcast media , is a football fan who came close to landing a spot as a commentator on " Monday Night Football " on ABC in 2000 .
Three years later , Limbaugh , who played football in high school , joined ESPN's " Sunday NFL Countdown . "
After a month on the show , he resigned amid controversy after saying that the media wanted Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb to succeed because he is black .
A man sought in connection with the 2001 slaying of a 15 - year - old boy in Daly City has been arrested in New York , police said Wednesday .
Erick Morales , 25 , was arrested Monday by New York state troopers on Long Island for allegedly driving under the influence and providing a false name , said Daly City police Lt. Jay Morena .
A routine fingerprint check uncovered Morales ' true identity , Morena said .
Morales is suspected of participating in the May 21 , 2001 , slaying of Quetzalcoatl Alba , who was found dead in a storage room in the carport area of an apartment complex on Park Plaza Drive .
He had been stabbed in the neck and chest .
Shortly after the slaying , police interviewed Morales and Carlos Maldonado , 22 , the two men believed to be the last to have seen Alba , Morena said .
Morales and Alba were classmates at Westmoor High School .
Morales and Maldonado denied any involvement in the killing .
Afterward , they left the Daly City home they shared and never returned .
In October 2007 , police acting on a tip served a search warrant at the home on the 200 block of Miriam Street and found the knife believed to have been used in the killing , bloody clothes and Alba 's cell phone buried on the property , authorities said .
Detectives tracked Maldonado to Miami , where he had been living under an assumed name and doing landscaping work .
He was brought back to the Bay Area by way of San Francisco International Airport , where he tried to escape by jumping 25 feet off a parking structure , authorities said .
Maldonado was seriously injured .
He is now on trial for murder .
Morales is expected to be extradited to San Mateo County later this week .
As FBI agents and Yale University police combed the basement of a laboratory building for missing bride - to - be Annie Le , the man accused of killing her moved among them in an apparent effort to cover his tracks , a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation said .
That behavior aroused suspicions about Raymond Clark III , but the final piece that led to his arrest Thursday was the discovery that evidence in the ceiling and in the crawl space where Le ’s body was found contained the DNA from both Le and Clark , according to the law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing .
Clark , 24 , was arrested at a Super 8 Motel in Cromwell , Conn. , and charged with murder .
One investigator , among a group who were in the lab interviewing employees and students shortly after Le disappeared , reported witnessing Clark trying to hide lab cleaning equipment that they later discovered contained blood spatters .
Advertisement
Clark was observed cleaning up areas
Le was in before she was reported missing , the law enforcement official said .
Sources familiar with the investigation said that a combination of factors led to Clark ’s arrest : an analysis of computer records of security cards that showed Clark was the last person to see Le alive , his failed polygraph and scratches on his body , his attempts to clean up the crime scene and ultimately the DNA match in two places .
Police believe that Le fought for her life .
Investigators found a single bead from a necklace she was wearing in the lab area where she was last seen .
They also found tiny blood droplets in that area .
Advertisement
Clark also had scratches and bruises on his arms and back .
When he was interviewed by FBI agents , Clark said the scratches were cuts from a cat and from playing softball .
The sources said authorities were investigating further into the scratches .
Computer records of his swipe card show he left the building several times and also moved between several rooms , including some that he had no reason to be in , a source said .
Late Tuesday night , police searched Clark ’s Middletown apartment and collected hair , fingernail and saliva samples from him .
Clark cooperated and was released to his attorney .
Sources said that Clark did not give a statement to police .
Clark also maintained silence when a bail commissioner tried to interview him before his arraignment Thursday in Superior Court in New Haven .
Advertisement
Judicial marshals led a leg - shackled Clark , who was wearing a striped polo shirt and tan pants , into the courtroom filled with journalists .
Neither Le ’s nor Clark ’s family members appeared to be in the gallery .
The muscular Clark , a former high school athlete , looked pale and said , “ Yes sir , ” softly when Judge Jon C. Blue asked whether he had been read his rights .
Blue set Clark ’s bail at $ 3 million , citing the serious nature of the case .
Investigators are still trying to nail down a motive for the attack , sources said .
Those sources said police were looking into whether a work dispute may have sparked the attack on Le , whose body was found Sunday -- the day she was supposed to be married .
Advertisement
The state medical examiner said Le died of traumatic asphyxiation due to neck compression .
ABC News , citing sources , reported Thursday that Clark , an animal laboratory technician , had sent a text message to Le on Sept. 8 -- hours before she was reported missing -- requesting a meeting to discuss the cleanliness of research animals ’ cages .
The Associated Press , also citing sources , reported Thursday that Clark was described as a “ control freak ” who often clashed with researchers and viewed the laboratory and its mice as his territory .
New Haven Police Chief James
Lewis did n’t offer a possible motive for the killing , but said in a news conference what the crime was n’t .
Advertisement
“ This is not about urban crime .
It ’s not about university crime .
It ’s not about domestic crime , but an issue of workplace violence , ” Lewis said .
He said reports that Le and Clark had a romantic relationship are false .
He also declined to answer a reporter ’s question about whether Clark had complained about Le ’s treatment of animals .
Students and staff who worked at the expansive Yale Animal Resources Center said the building appeared to be very secure .
“ It ’s a fairly isolated place , ” said Amy Yuan , 21 , a student who conducts research in a lab that connects with the one in which Le and Clark worked .
“ I thought it was the safest place you could be .
You need security to get into the building , into the research labs , in the elevator to get into the basement , and swipe again to get into the animal facilities . ”
Advertisement
Yuan said that when she would spend hours working in the basement ’s animal facilities on weekends , she rarely saw other people there .
News of Clark ’s arrest allayed much of the anxiety that had settled over the university after Le ’s disappearance .
“ I do n’t feel unsafe , ” said Marcus Parrish , a university senior studying biomedical engineering .
The incident was “ completely work - based and could have happened anywhere . ”
Clark has been a lab technician at Yale since December 2004 , university President Richard C. Levin said .
Advertisement
“ His supervisor reports that nothing in the history of his employment at the university gave an indication that his involvement in such a crime might be possible , ” Levin said .
Clark ’s arrest surprised those who knew him growing up .
Conor Reardon , 23 , who played baseball with Clark on the Branford High School team , recalled that Clark was shy on the outside , but had an energetic personality and could throw a mean knuckle ball .
“ He had a borderline manic sense of humor , ” said Reardon , who lives in Bridgeport , Conn .
“ If you were sitting in the front of the bus on the way back from a game we had won , for the whole ride you ’d hear Ray ’s high - pitched laugh coming from the back of the bus . ”
“ I guess the mystery to me is , what happened to him between then and last week ? ” Reardon said .
Advertisement
Le ’s family and friends gathered Tuesday for a private memorial Mass officiated by a Vietnamese priest at the St. Thomas More Catholic Center on campus .
Quang Van , a Yale Vietnamese language and literature lecturer who attended the Mass , said that Le ’s mother wrote a poem in Vietnamese .
It was about singing lullabies for her daughter when she was young , but now having to sing a different kind of lullaby with her death .
Le ’s younger brother , Chris , read an English translation .
The family of Le ’s fiance , Jonathan Widawsky , issued a statement Thursday , thanking people who were involved in preparations for “ a wedding that was not to be . ”
“ We share in the grief of the family of Annie Le and are , collectively , doing our best to deal with our tragic loss , ” said the family ’s statement .
“ Annie will live in our hearts forever . ”
Advertisement
--
agriffin@courant.com
daltimari@courant.com
dowens@courant.com
Advertisement
Kate Kraft in New Haven , Conn. , and Times staff writers My - Thuan Tran and Kate Linthicum in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
The article goes on to detail some of the things that may be scaled back .
By signaling that they would seek to revise existing versions of legislation moving through the House and Senate , administration officials and Democratic leaders in Congress — many of whom had said earlier in the summer that they saw no need to scale back their ambitions — made clear that their political calculations had changed .
With Congressional Republicans standing almost unanimously in opposition to the Democratic approach , the target now for Mr. Obama is primarily a handful of moderate Democrats and the one Republican who seems open to a deal , Senator Olympia J. Snowe of Maine .
...
Timed to coincide with Congress ’s return from its summer recess , the president ’s address would follow a tumultuous month in which opponents of sweeping health legislation disrupted lawmakers ’ town - hall - style meetings and the White House struggled to regain control of the debate .
Mr. Obama is also scheduled to travel to Cincinnati on Monday to speak at a large Labor Day picnic organized by the A.F.L. - C.I.O .
He will have a receptive audience , as labor unions have been among the strongest supporters of his effort to expand coverage and rein in health costs .
So far , the administration ’s ideas of concessions are likely to fall far short of the fundamental changes that Congressional Republicans seek .
...
To avoid some of the most heated criticism voiced in recent weeks , White House officials said they would have no objection if Congress scrapped proposals to have Medicare pay for counseling on end - of - life care .
Critics said such counseling could lead to pressure on patients to forgo expensive treatments for terminal illnesses .
Mr. Obama has said it is ludicrous to suggest that “ we want to set up death panels to pull the plug on Grandma . ”
White House officials said Congress could also drop proposals requiring the government to create school - based health clinics and collect nationwide data on health and health care by race , sex , sexual orientation and “ gender identity . ”
Supporters of the House bill said such data would help reduce “ health disparities , ” but critics said they feared the government could assemble a database that posed a threat to personal privacy .
If Mr. Obama does not gain traction by making these concessions , his allies on Capitol Hill said , they may have to consider bigger changes .
For example , they said , rather than requiring all Americans to carry health insurance , Congress might start by requiring coverage of children , or families with children .
While such a change would deeply disappoint many of Mr. Obama ’s supporters , it could have two potential political benefits , reducing the initial cost of any bill and reducing the size of cuts needed in the future growth of Medicare .
I 'm not thrilled about any of these proposed changes .
Additionally , my sense is that the public option remains where it was before : the White House will continue to advocate it , but will not draw a line in the sand over it .
At this point , the bill rests largely in the hands of a handful of Senate Democratic centrists and Olympia Snowe .
Hence the leaks today about possibly putting the public option behind a trigger .
My own sense is that this would be silly .
If we can get Snowe on board by expanding the exchanges and making payment reforms , great .
Both would be good on the substance .
The public plan , however , has already been watered - down such that it is already a fairly limited thing .
The House bill envisions an option that is stronger than the Senate HELP Committee 's bill , but the House bill would still only have the public option use Medicare rates at the outset and would still be limited to people on the exchange .
The CBO estimated that the House bill 's public option would only have 10 - 12 million members by 2019 .
You could make the argument that it would not be a major sacrifice to get rid of it .
But you could also make the argument that if it 's already that limited , why limit it even further by requiring a trigger ?
On Edit : Oh wow , first time on the Rec list .
Thanks guys .
But I 'm just the messenger .
We 'll see what happens during the next week .
And though I 'm usually a defender of the White House , they need to find a position on this issue and stick with it , instead of these whiplash - inducing trial balloons .
China formally kicked off its mass celebrations of 60 years of communist rule with a 60 - gun salute that rung out across Beijing 's historic Tiananmen Square earlier today .
Hundreds of thousands of participants marched past Tiananmen Square in costume or uniform , with floats and dancers mingling with soldiers and military hardware .
Collected here are photographs of the once - in - a - decade National Day parade in Beijing , and of others commemorating the anniversary elsewhere .
( 39 photos total
Some governments privatized chunks of their power industry in the early 1990s when free - market solutions to public - sector problems were in vogue , leaving it unclear who is ultimately responsible for providing power .
Other governments , as in South Africa , failed to build power plants that experts warned were needed .
The government monopoly Eskom , the world ’s fourth - largest power utility , was advised in a 1998 report that it would run short of power in 2007 , but planning and financing problems — not all within the utility ’s control — stalled upgrades .
The forecast was actually optimistic : Eskom began running short in 2006 .
Yet South Africa ’s woes pale beside those of Nigeria , Africa ’s most populous nation .
Only 19 of 79 power plants work , the government said in April .
Daily electricity output has plunged 60 percent from its peak , and blackouts cost the economy $ 1 billion a year , the Council for Renewable Energy in Nigeria says .
Poor management is but one problem .
War has devastated the power grid in Congo , in Africa ’s heart , and stalled plans to develop its vast hydroelectric potential .
In Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda and parts of West Africa , drought has shrunk rivers and slashed the generating capacity of hydroelectric dams .
Drought in Ghana , for example , has crippled gold and aluminum production and set off blackouts in Togo and Benin , which buy power from Ghana .
Once a major power exporter , Uganda now blacks out parts of its capital , Kampala , for as much as a day at a time and has leased two 50 - megawatt generators , burning diesel at a time of record oil prices .
The demand for hydropower in Uganda and its neighbors , with drought , is blamed by some for a steady reduction in the water level of Lake Victoria , Africa ’s largest .
Uganda ’s gas stations are now short of diesel for vehicles — in part , paradoxically , because power shortages are shutting down a pipeline from Kenya .
News reports say the nation has spent enough on diesel - fueled power generation to build two hydroelectric dams .
Image Grace Njobvu , 77 , and her grandchildren used candles to light her home in the Matero township of Lusaka , which often experiences blackouts .
Credit ... Photographs by Benedicte Kurzen for The New York Times
Zambia , where power to customers like Mr. Mwale is rationed almost every day , is a template for such problems .
Barely 20 percent of households are wired for power — only 3 percent in rural areas — but the Zambia Electricity Supply Company , known as Zesco , is signing up 10,000 new customers a year , said Christopher Nthala , the utility ’s transmission director .
Update : Rhino claims the reports of its demise were an exaggeration .
We ’ve all taken a great deal of pleasure in pissing on the death bed of the major labels in recent years , and we ’ve all unashamedly gawked at the grotesque spectacle of ever - decreasing sales of physical media .
But now , the reality of the situation is hitting home .
Rhino Records is dead .
Sure , Warner says that Rhino will evolve into an entity that “ handles WMG ’s global digital catalog initiatives , film , TV , vidgame and commercial licensing , and name and likeness representation for legendary artists . ”
But they laid off most [ a bunch ] of their employees .
Why ?
Because of the “ fundamental transformation of the physical new release and catalog business . ”
Which translates to no more awesome box sets with crazy , unique packaging and informative , well - written , well - researched liner notes .
And that ’s just really fucking sad .
Some will suggest that times have changed and people no longer need all the “ trappings ” anymore .
It ’s all about the music , right ?
Who cares about the stupid packaging ?
I do .
Or at least I used to .
To be perfectly honest , it ’s been a while since I ’ve bought a Rhino box .
The last one I had any real interest in was 2005 ’s Girl Group box , One Kiss Can Lead to Another , packaged in a fancy pink hat box .
But I passed on it .
I did n’t want to have to figure out where to store that hat box .
Besides , I listen to 90 % of my music on my computer and on my phone now .
Me and the rest of the world , apparently .
There was a period of time , a decade or so , when I would ask for and receive a new Rhino box for my birthday every year .
This lasted up until 2004 ’s Left of the Dial : Dispatches from the ’ 80s Underground , but in that time I got The Doo Wop Box ( 1994 ) , the Nuggets box ( 1998 ) , Loud , Fast & Out Of Control ( 1999 ) , the British Nuggets box ( 2001 ) , and others .
The best though was Beg , Scream & Shout ! : The Big Ol ’ Box Of ’60s Soul , an amazing six - disc collection of the original 7 ″ mixes of 144 soul singles by 144 different artists .
For just one example , the version of the Jackson 5 ’s “ Who ’s Loving You ” is totally different from the otherwise anthologized stereo , album version .
And it ’s awesome .
The whole thing came in an old school record box with each cd in a mockup 45 sleeve .
There was a little box of 144 “ collector cards ” with information about each of the artists .
It ’s a work of art and a glory to behold .
When ’s the last time you felt that way about an MP3 ?
If you look at Rhino ’s history , you can trace the different eras…and see exactly when it all went downhill .
Rhino started as a record store in 1973 , but by the ’ 80s had already gained a reputation for excellent quality reissues .
From 1986 - 1992 , they had a distribution deal with Capitol Records .
This was the period when I first discovered them as I completed my Monkees discography with the help of their reissued vinyl .
As I got into CDs , I knew I could always count on a Rhino release to have at least 18 songs and informative liner notes .
Back then I did n’t know or care about audio fidelity , but Rhino discs always sounded great .
Nancy Sinatra , Tommy James & the Shondells , Legends of Guitar : Surf , Vol. 1 . Rhino was my teacher in my quest for knowledge about the history of rock and roll .
Then in 1992 , Time Warner bought a 50 % stake in the company .
This was the period of the amazing box sets .
They bought the other half in 1998 , and in 2003 , the founders of the company left and started Shout Factory .
If you ’re looking through your record collection and notice that your Rhino stuff stops around this time , now you know why .
To make matters worse , in 2007 they fired Bill Inglot , the mastering engineer responsible for 20 years of the high fidelity that was the foundation of Rhino ’s reputation .
But regardless of the corporate decisions that led Rhino down this path , it ’s still sad to see it end up this way .
Thank you , Rhino , for all the great music .
Your care and respect for the music and for the customer was obvious , and you had a huge effect on my life .
You will be missed .
With a gilded , 4 - foot statue of the Virgin of Guadalupe tucked under his arm , Jose Espinoza clambers up the Italian - marble staircase , past the Jacuzzis and gigantic Corinthian columns , to a domed chapel inside the ornate mansion of a particularly successful Sinaloa “ farmer . ”
Espinoza installs the Virgin in her niche on an elaborate cedar altarpiece that he carved by hand , a la early Baroque .
Around her dance rosy - cheeked , feather - winged angels that Espinoza has painted on the walls and ceilings , an enveloping palette of pale blue skies and cottony clouds .
Jesus Christ and God the Father are there too .
The multimillion - dollar mansion is one of many in this strangely wealthy city that Espinoza has been hired to adorn in recent years .
Given Sinaloa ’s well - earned reputation as the cradle of Mexican narcotics trafficking , it is little wonder who is footing the bills .
“ I do n’t probe , ” says Espinoza , 51 , a broad - shouldered man with a helmet of silver hair , bushy black eyebrows and a hearty laugh .
Advertisement
Espinoza is known as one of the region ’s finest artists .
He might also be called home decorator to the narcos .
In his case , though , it ’s not curtains or carpeting he ’s supplying but room - length murals , gold - leafed ceilings and Grecian cornices .
His work provides a peek into the lifestyles of the rich and criminal .
Their death - styles too .
Here in the Sinaloan capital of Culiacan , Espinoza also specializes in painting religious imagery on the opulent mausoleums that serve as the final resting places for hundreds of traffickers slain in Mexico ’s raging war on drug cartels .
Advertisement
The architectural excesses , in the fast - growing cemeteries and in the mansions that have popped up on the slopes of this hilly city , might not be surprising in Bel - Air or the Hamptons .
But Sinaloa is -- judged by its official economy -- one of the poorest states in a poor country .
Most of the real money in Sinaloa , of course , is in the vast illegal network that has been producing and shipping marijuana and heroin to the U.S. , and taking in billions of dollars in profit , for generations .
In one mansion where Espinoza works , the vaulted doorway is big enough to drive a Brink ’s truck through .
A row of caryatids ( columns formed entirely by the sculpted body of a woman ) flanks one side .
Another manse is so tall the owner demanded ( after construction was almost complete ) that an elevator be installed .
Once that place is finished , water will spout into the pool through the mouths of chiseled stone tigers .
Advertisement
In another home , you can lie in the Jacuzzi and observe Espinoza ’s depiction of the Birth of Venus gracing the domed ceiling .
“ It ’s very contemplative , ” he says wistfully .
“ Some of the houses are so big , you lose perspective . ”
Local wags sometimes call the style “ narc-itecture . ”
Carrara marble in earth tones coats children ’s bathrooms ; one walk - in closet the size of an auditorium has a crystal central island of drawers for easy spotting of jewels and other accessories .
Once , Espinoza spent a year installing pure ebony railings and fixtures in a hillside residence that vaguely resembles the Pantheon .
Advertisement
In a sprawling hacienda , Espinoza painted room after room with portraits of Spanish flamenco dancers , their lacy red-and - black costumes soaring 20 feet toward the ceiling .
The owner ’s wife was a fan of flamenco .
Joke on them :
The dancers ’ faces are his nieces ’ .
But these are n’t clients you can really joke with .
You never dispute a payment or make excuses for missed deadlines or say something like , “ But you did n’t ask for hand - woven Sardinian lace . ”
Actually , they tend to be longer on the money and shorter on the taste it would require to know anything about Sardinian lace .
Still , it ’s a delicate business .
You do n’t challenge , you do n’t question , you brace yourself for the demands and complaints , especially from the narcos ’ wives , who can be shrilly exacting .
The owner of one house roared up in his silver pickup , tires so oversized that the vehicle towers over others on the road .
In a red baseball cap and sparkling gold Rolex , and with the Nextel cellphone favored by many here because it ’s hard to tap , he spoke at length about the shrimp business that he said had made him rich .
A high school dropout who grew up on a farm , he had both swagger and the accent of the countryside .
He sought to explain his idea for the mansion going up around him .
Advertisement
“ I like something between the Classics and Louis XVI , ” he drawled .
“ But I ’ve traveled a lot and like what I see in hotels , and so we are trying to do that here . ”
Espinoza ’s fame circulates by word of mouth , aided by loose - leaf portfolios with photographs .
He does n’t even own a computer .
He says he does n’t ask too many questions of the steady stream of people who contract for his services .
That ’s sort of a motto of self - preservation for many here in Sinaloa .
What might be seen as collusion or complicity is a fact of life .
Residents tolerate their drug - trafficking neighbors , or do legitimate business with people otherwise known as gangsters , out of fear or resignation .
The phenomenon is true in many parts of Mexico but nowhere more than Sinaloa because the drug trade is so enmeshed in the state ’s history and culture -- celebrated in song , honored at festivals , yearned for by young men and women seeking thrills .
“ People here are born with it , they grew up and developed with it , they see it as normal , ” Espinoza says .
“ If you try to tell them something different , they do n’t understand . ”
Advertisement
A descendant of Spanish soldiers who populated Sinaloa in colonial times , Espinoza started painting and sculpting figurines as a child .
His father , a tomato farmer , and his mother , a seamstress , doted on him , using the little money they had to buy precious art books and fine brushes and easels .
He sold his first painting at age 9 .
Espinoza says he was always a devout Roman Catholic , schooled by Franciscans and the ultra - conservative Opus Dei , and so icons and religious images were a natural subject for his artistry .
Church officials commissioned him to paint the murals lavished on the walls of the Santa Ines and Espiritu Santo churches of Culiacan .
He was even commissioned to paint St. Jerome for the pope , he says .
If he sees a contradiction in working for the church and working for traffickers , he does n’t mention it .
There is no client he will refuse , he says .
“ It is not up to me to judge anybody , ” he says .
“ I do not agree with drug trafficking .
I have never taken drugs .
I have helped pay for rehab for friends .
. . .
But I do n’t judge anybody . ”
Advertisement
And yet , there is a contradiction , or so it would seem , between the deliberate beauty of art and the harsh , bloody ugliness of a violent business like the running of drugs .
Whatever the moral and mental gymnastics , Espinoza is meticulous in his work .
For the dome of one mansion , he sketches the figures he plans to paint on translucent tracing paper , then re-creates the outlines on the ceiling , climbing over the roof and down a narrow ladder to makeshift scaffolding that suspends him in the air .
At the Culiacan cemetery , mausoleums are so elaborate they can rise two stories and feature central air conditioning .
Relatives keep them supplied steadily with bottles of tequila , cans of Tecate beer and Snickers bars .
They are adorned with party balloons , flowers , crucifixes and toys representing some of the departed ’s favorite guns and trucks .
Many were young men in their late teens and early 20s who died violently and can be seen in pictures posted at the crypts cradling automatic rifles .
Their families visit regularly , to toast and remember .
Espinoza was hired to decorate his first mausoleum nearly 20 years ago .
It was erected for a woman caught between a trafficker husband and a trafficker lover .
She and her two young children were slain in a gruesome rivalry between the men .
A portrait of the smiling mother and children floats on the ceiling “ as if going off to heaven , ” Espinoza says .
Advertisement
He rationalizes this work , saying he paints for the survivors , for bereaved families who may not have been involved in the dirty dealings of the deceased .
“ It helps them in their communion with God .
It helps them in their grief . ”
Given his clientele , it is no surprise that the Mexican army has raided Espinoza ’s studios .
But they went away empty - handed .
“ I am an artist , ” Espinoza says .
“ People do n’t go to museums anymore , no one has time for contemplation .
So at least , as they lie in their Jacuzzis , or climb their staircases , they can contemplate a beautiful work of art . ”
Advertisement
wilkinson@latimes.com
Long - awaited details of the $ 650 million innovation grants for districts were finally announced today by the U.S. Department of Education .
The department , which will start accepting applications for the Investing in Innovation program , or " i3 " , in early 2010 , had foreshadowed in August the dollar amounts for the grants ( up to $ 50 million ) and different tiers ( which will based on how much evidence a program has to support the application ) .
The stimulus law has already set out who the eligible applicants are : local school districts , and nonprofit entities ( in partnership with one or more districts , or a consortium of schools . )
So let 's start with what 's new today .
Each application must include a 20 percent private - sector funding match ( or request a reduced matching level ) , according to proposed regulations .
In addition , any successful applicant must target the award toward improving achievement for " high - need " students and address at least one of the four " assurances " in the economic - stimulus law : improving teacher effectiveness , improving the use of data , turning around low - performing schools , or complementing the ongoing common standards and assessments effort .
The proposed regulations define " high - need " as those who are at risk of academic failure , including those with disabilities or who are limited English proficient .
In addition , the department has established a " competitive " preference , or a slight edge , to grant applications that focus on early education , college access and success , special education and limited - English - proficient students , and rural school districts .
( Rural school districts have to be happy to finally get some attention from the department . )
The seven criteria by which applications will be judged are : need for the project and quality of project design , strength of research ( and significance and magnitude of effect ) , experience of the applicant , quality of how the project will be evaluated , strategy and capacity to scale up the program , sustainability , and quality of management plan and personnel .
The department notes that the criteria may apply differently to different levels of grants .
Applications will be due in early spring of 2010 , with all money awarded by Sept. 30 , 2010 .
Now , more on what Jim Shelton , the assistant deputy secretary for innovation and improvement , told us back in August .
The awards will be divided into three categories .
" Development " grants will be up to $ 5 million , and must be linked to programs that have " reasonable research - based finding or theories " .
The goal will be to further develop and scale up these programs .
Interestingly , the proposed regulations say there will be a pre-application process to narrow down the potential contenders ; only some will be invited to make full " development " grant applications .
The second is " validation , " up to $ 30 million for programs with " moderate " evidence , either " high internal validity " and " medium external validity " or vice versa .
The programs must be able to be scaled up to the regional or state level .
The third , and more lucrative award , is the " scale up " grant of up to $ 50 million .
These programs need " strong " evidence with both high internal and external validity and must be able to be scaled up to the national , regional , or state level .
Just what the Department means by " moderate " or " strong " evidence is detailed in the full proposed regulations document .
Read the proposed regulations here , and let me know what you think .
Ross Hussey said he cannot see any resemblance to Peter Griffin A County Tyrone councillor 's alleged resemblance to Family Guy character Peter Griffin could soon be appearing on election posters .
Omagh councillor Ross Hussey said he was told about his cartoon lookalike by his nephew and a young party colleague .
The Ulster Unionist said he was not flattered but it did amuse him .
" Personally I can see no resemblance , but I have watched it and we would have certain similar traits - that 's all I 'm prepared to admit to , " he said .
" To be perfectly honest , I did n't know who this Peter Griffin was until my 23 - year - old nephew and young Ryan who works here pointed out a resemblance . "
Mr Hussey said they would have to wait and see if the poster was approved by his party .
Peter Griffin was elected to his son's school board .
" Really it 's a bit of fun , and anything that could get young people interested in politics is good .
" If they can see that we are human and realise that we 're not all God 's gift , why not ?
There 's enough serious things out there without adding to the worries of the world . "
Mr Hussey 's doppelganger has successfully run for office in the cult US comedy , defeating his wife Lois in a contest to become school board President .
Lois was also elected mayor in an episode titled It Takes a Village Idiot , and I Married One .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan 's daughter Suhana Khan is recently in the news as she shared a powerful message about the need to end colourism .
In the post , Suhana said that she has been called ugly because of her skin tone .
Back in the late 1980 ’s and early 1990 ’s Microsoft engineers and developers prided themselves on being on the right side of “ Just Good Enough ” while delivering its new features and software to market faster and with more glitz than any other vendor .
The rest is business history .
Perhaps this “ Just Good Enough ” mantra emerged from its co-development of IBM ’s OS2 where constant delays in delivery and disputes in goals had Microsoft abandoning IBM in development of OS2 .
Whatever the case , Microsoft did have a reputation of stepping on the wrong side of “ Just Good Enough ” as the other Redmond rubric , “ Third Time Charm ” was applied to various Microsoft programs from Windows to its
Access database offering : the first two versions being dogs , and then the third time a winning contender .
Reviewers openly referred to this when Microsoft would , on its 3rd release , deliver a program distinctly on the right side of “ Just Good Enough ” .
But remember , these were in the Gold Rush days of PC development .
Fifteen years later , and after the sobering wave of virus attacks and the emergence of Microsoft as an Enterprise software player , one would expect Redmond to run well inside the “ Just Good Enough ” standard .
However , many disparage Windows Vista as being beta code released too soon .
For example , Vista is distinctly slower than its own Windows XP .
And Microsoft is currently having a world of hurt on delivering Windows Mobile , SharePoint 2010 and Microsoft Office Web Apps .
However , in the Web world , Google is saying that Microsoft ’s market leading browser is distinctly “ Just Not Good Enough ” .
And the way it is saying so is what makes it so embarrassing to Redmond .
Chrome Frame is a plugin for all IE browser versions from IE6 through IE8 .
The plugin runs in Windows XP plus Vista and Windows 7 .
It is nearly invisible [ see the “ cf : ” prefix in the URL above ] .
Its what the plugin does that is so remarkable – its is a direct slap in the face to Redmond and its software engineering prowess .
This is because Chrome Frame guts IE ’s rendering engine and replaces it with Chrome ’s version of WebKit .
Chrome Frame also guts Microsoft ’s JavaScript engine and replaces it with their own speed - leading JavaScript engine .
The result is that IE - Googlized runs 3 - 10 times faster and is instantly much more Web standards compliant than Microsoft ’s latest IE8 browser [ Microsoft ’s deliberate 8 to 9 year failure to implement long promised HTML , CSS , DOM and other Web standards comes back to haunt Redmond ] .
Think of Chrome Frame as Ford saying to GM , your cars are so bad that they are not just performance deficient but also are safety hazards .
So we , Ford , are offering a free plugin upgrade to all your customers in which we replace the motor and drive train on your GM cars .
And then they do so – and the Googlized IE browsers … uhh Fordized GM cars do run better .
A lot better .
Finally , IE - Googlized with Chrome Frame is more secure because IE8 depends on running in Vista or Windows 7 to deliver their security but Windows XP still has more than 67 % of all Windows installations .
Computerworld has been following the fallout from this move by the Google and the War of PR Words is in full swing .
Google is saying that it needs to build this plugin because Microsoft ’s IE browsers are too shaky , too slow and non-standards compliant .
Think of Chrome Frame as Ford saying to GM , your cars are so bad that they are not just performance deficient but also are safety hazards .
So we , Ford , are offering a free plugin upgrade to all your customers in which we replace the motor and drive train on your GM cars .
And then they do so – and the Googlized IE browsers … uhh Fordized GM cars do run better .
Up to 10 times better !
Google insists that it is acting not just out of altruism but in its own best interests .
Google ’s upcoming Google Wave and other Web software cannot run fast and reliably enough in any version of IE on any version of Windows - XP , Vista , and 7 .
Our own tests confirm what Infoworld is saying – that IE8 - Googlized with Chrome Frame is indeed 3 - 10 times faster running a variety of Websites and applications .
This is a coding knockout blow that Google has just delivered to Microsoft in the World of Web software .
IT Experts agree that the fastest emerging field in IT is Web 2.0 , SaaS and Cloud Computing .
And now Google is saying that the Emperor , Microsoft ’s still market leading IE browser , has no clothes .
This “ Microsoft … just not good enough ” message is not a new theme .
Apple ’s TV commercials and advertising campaign for its new Snow Leopard operating system has raised identically the same issues regarding Microsoft ’s Windows operating system .
Apple attacks
Windows saying it is not nearly safe and reliable enough from virus / security infections or self - induced degradation and / or crashes .
Worse , Windows is not nearly as trim and speedy as Apple ’s new Snow Leopard Mac OS .
And indeed , Apple has invested in 3 technologies [ 64bit as internal standard , Grand Central Dispatch and OpenCL ] that will give it a widening lead in performance in the OS market .
But going even further Apple is also attacking Microsoft “ innovation ” in its software as being pedestrian and copycat .
The problem for Microsoft is that Windows 7 is vulnerable on both fronts .
First , many pundits in praising some of the new features of Windows 7 , are also noting that many of Windows “ features ” have been copied from innovations pioneered on the Mac .
And one of the big questions about Windows 7 is not whether it will be better than Vista but will it be better than Windows XP which commands over 67 % of the total OS market share [ well ahead of Vista at about 20 % ] as of August 2009 .
Will Windows 7 be faster across the board and by a substantial margin over Windows XP [ not just the easily bested Vista ] ?
And will Windows 7 be able to run the same gamut of applications and peripherals that Windows XP can – [ and the worry of the 67 % of shops using Windows XP , how hard will it be to train up their staff in Windows 7 ?? – hence the little munchkin flogging Windows 7 on TV ? ]
Increasingly , Microsoft is not only making marketing mistakes [ think declarations of “ People Ready ” , Zune and Xbox ] but is just getting behind in software development .
Windows 7 is a retry on Windows Vista ; yet Window 7 ’s performance , reliability , and security relative to Windows XP let alone Mac OS and ChromeOS are in question .
Windows Mobile is way behind Apple OS iPhone , Google ’s Android , and Palm ’s WebOS as being a top quality smartphone .
But perhaps most damning , Google ’s Chrome Frame appears to confirm that in the Web World Microsoft has been taking things off its software .
For over 5 years Redmond made no improvements other than security fixes to its IE browser .
As a result Microsoft ’s IE browser and big chunks of its Web software are deficient in both implementation of Web standards and performance speed .
Some have argued this has been done to always give its desktop Windows OS an edge versus the fast emerging SaaS and Web 2.0 software .
Google ’s Chrome Frame plugin is definitive proof that Microsoft could and should have done a lot better with its IE browser and other Web software .
So now as organizations considering what to do about Windows 7 , mobile phones and where to commit their allegiance in Web software , executives must pause in their analysis .
True consider the features , the costs and the training / retraining time + expenses .
But the old adage that “ you ca n’t go wrong with Microsoft ” may no longer apply as Microsoft find itself floundering a way on the wrong side of “ Just Good Enough ” in its software development and delivery prowess .
Foxtel has responded to intensified competition on the digital television landscape by unveiling a raft of new products , including a legal TV downloading platform .
The service , Foxtel Download , will be available at no cost to pay TV subscribers and will take 400 hours of content at launch from 38 channels .
That will be expanded to 600 hours within a month .
It is intended to pave the way for a live streaming service .
One channel - the sports channel ESPN360 - will be live streamed immediately .
Others , including Foxtel 's multi-channel coverage of the Vancouver 2010 Olympic winter games , are expected to follow next year .
Foxtel chief executive officer Kim Williams also announced 12 new channels , LifestyleYou , a mystery channel 13th Street , Discovery Turbo Max , the Style Network , National Geographic Wild , an ad - free children 's channel KidsCo , Eurosport and five new movie channels , Showtime Action , Showtime Drama , Showtime Comedy , Starpics and the Family Movie Channel .
Mr Williams said Foxtel would also expand its high - definition ( HD ) service to 15 channels , including three HD Fox Sports channels and ESPN HD .
Loading
The major announcement , held in a soundstage at Sydney 's Fox Studios and illustrated by an IMAX - sized movie screen , includes two new " active " red button - powered applications , a local news service , Sky News Local , and Weather Active .
Williams described Foxtel as " a revolutionary force in the television landscape " .
He said the company 's mantra was " liberating choice to consumers " underpinned by the values of " control , choice and convenience " .
As a companion to the Problem Bank List ( unofficial ) , below is a list of failed banks since Jan 2007 .
But first a few graphs ...
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The graph shows the cumulative estimated losses to the FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) and the quarterly assets of the DIF ( as reported by the FDIC ) .
Note that the FDIC takes reserves against future losses in the DIF , and collects fees and special assessments - so you can't just subtract estimated losses from assets to determine the assets remaining in the DIF .
The FDIC closed four more banks on Friday , and that brings the total FDIC bank failures to 81 in 2009 .
The following graph shows bank failures by week in 2009 .
Note : Week 1 on graph ends Jan 9th .
The FDIC is seizing about 4 to 5 banks per week recently , and with over four months to go in 2009 , this suggests close to 150 bank failures this year .
At the current pace there will be more failures in 2009 than in the early years of the S&L crisis .
From 1982 thorough 1984 there were about 100 failures per year , and then the number of failures really increased as the 2nd graph shows .
The 2nd graph covers the entire FDIC period ( annually since 1934 ) .
For a graph that includes the 1920s and early ' 30s ( before the FDIC was enacted ) see the 3rd graph here .
Of course the number of banks is n't the only measure .
Many banks today have more branches , and far more assets and deposits .
Failed Bank List
Deposits , assets and estimated losses are all in thousands of dollars .
Losses for failed banks in 2009 are the initial FDIC estimates .
The percent losses are as a percent of assets .
See description below table for Class and Cert ( and a link to FDIC ID system ) .
The table is wide - use scroll bars to see all information !
NOTE : Columns are sortable - click on column header ( Assets , State , Bank Name , Date , etc . )
Class : from FDIC
The FDIC assigns classification codes indicating an institution 's charter type ( commercial bank , savings bank , or savings association ) , its chartering agent ( state or federal government ) , its Federal Reserve membership status ( member or nonmember ) , and its primary federal regulator ( state - chartered institutions are subject to both federal and state supervision ) .
These codes are : N National chartered commercial bank supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
SM State charter Fed member commercial bank supervised by the Federal Reserve
NM State charter
Fed nonmember commercial bank supervised by the FDIC
SA State or federal charter savings association supervised by the Office of Thrift Supervision
SB State charter savings bank supervised by the FDIC
This is the certificate number assigned by the FDIC used to identify institutions and for the issuance of insurance certificates .
You can click on the number and see " the last demographic and financial data filed by the selected institution " .
Like many epic journeys , it began in boredom -- a dead - end office job at a bioresearch firm in Skokie , Ill .
“ I was staring out the window wondering what the hell I ’m doing , ” said Daniel Seddiqui , 27 , a native of Los Altos , Calif .
He wanted adventure .
He needed a job .
Advertisement
So he hatched a plan : work a different job in a different state every week for nearly a year .
He cold - called companies throughout the country , relying on ingenuity , networking and luck to get hired for one - week stints .
He estimated that 100 companies per state rejected him .
First came a gig for the Mormon Church in Utah in September 2008 .
Last came a week as a cellar master at a winery in Napa , Calif . , last month .
He plans to return to Skokie soon to write a book and update his resume .
Here ’s a quick rundown of his jobs , in the form of superlatives :
Hardest : Making cheese in Wisconsin .
“ Try bending over the vats , shoveling out 40 pounds of cheese for two hours straight .
It ’s back - breaking work . ”
Advertisement
Sleaziest : Working at a wedding chapel in Las Vegas .
“ People were getting married for 50 bucks at the drive - through .
They ’d ask me what date it was -- on their own wedding day ! ”
Most fulfilling : Dietitian in Mississippi .
“ We have an obesity problem in this country .
I enjoyed teaching people how to help themselves . ”
Worst bathroom : Coal mining in West Virginia .
“ We just went on the walls of the mine and you see the coal eroding . ”
Worst boss : Film company executives in Los Angeles .
“ They treated me like garbage .
I quit after the first day . ”
Advertisement
Most revealing of local culture : Coaching high school football in Alabama .
“ They had 15 coaches for a high school team .
Every white kid had the same frat - swoop haircut .
Football is life . ”
Most dangerous : Border Patrol in Arizona .
“ A lot of people throw rocks at agents .
We carried pepper - ball guns . ”
Most lucrative : Medical device manufacturing at Metal Craft in Minnesota .
“ I made $ 2,000 -- they gave me extra for marketing .
I got them on CNN . ”
Best boss : A landscape architect in New Mexico .
“ He motivated me to wake up and see what it means to be passionate . ”
Advertisement
Dirtiest : Oil refinery in Oklahoma .
“ I was in Tornado Alley , with a lot blowing around .
Oil got everywhere .
And dust . ”
--
dsimmons@tribune.com
Cuts in food for the impoverished ...
LANSING — Budget woes could force a state - funded program to cut back on donating fruits and vegetables to the hungry , even though demand is spiking at food pantries and soup kitchens in Michigan .
-- Article
Cuts for the arts ...
States across the country are slashing their arts funding for the second year in a row as they cope with falling tax revenues .
Those cuts , which often happen during recessions , are a serious blow to arts agencies and individual dancers , painters and actors at a time when private donations are down and many art organizations are being more selective in what they produce .
-- Article
Cuts for health care for the poor in the hopes the Fed will pick up the slack ...
There are two big themes in health coverage for the poor in this country right now , and they ’re moving in opposite directions .
Theme 1 : Strapped states are slashing their budgets for Medicaid — among the biggest expenses in most states — and other health programs for the poor .
Theme 2 : Democrats in Washington are moving to beef up funding for health programs for the poor .
This morning ’s Los Angeles Times has a litany of state health programs being trimmed , from breast cancer care for poor young women in South Carolina , to outpatient chemo for the uninsured in Nevada to home services for low - income seniors in Florida .
-- Article
Cuts for early education ...
California , by far , faced the biggest challenge — a whopping $ 26 billion gap — that forced the state to slash $ 15 billion in basic services , including program funds for K - 12 education and health care for the poor , and to divert some $ 4 billion from local jurisdictions .
-- Article
Michigan League for Human Services President and C.E.O.
Sharon Parks said the proposed cuts were “ simply too harmful ” to low - income families .
“ We cannot balance Michigan ’s budget on the backs of poor families – we need to paint a brighter future for our kids . ” -- Article
Cuts in mental health services ...
Gov. Bill Ritter ’s proposed budget cuts , as described in The Denver Post , fall entirely on the backs of the most vulnerable among us , including a disproportionate slice taken from the already strapped and precarious mental health system .
Fifty - nine beds at Fort Logan , a much - needed long - term psychiatric facility , as well as a program for children at - risk for out - of - home placement , are on the cutting block .
-- Article
Of course we need to trim our budgets .
But not in a way that hurts the most vulnerable .
All over the country , as banks and Wall St. get record bailouts and start to see " green shoots " state budget cuts take a cudgel to the kneecaps of the most vulnerable citizens .
' Cuz God Forbid we ask the businesses who are seeing " green shoots " to pony up for the society that gives them :
* the best damn military in the world that defends their interests overseas ... * bailouts after bailouts after bailouts * a stable government * and a corporate friendly government ...
Instead , we 're twisting the knife into the sides of America 's most vulnerable .
Again .
It 's called Trickle Down Economics .
And it 's all happening right here under our noses at the state level .
At the state level the Conservatives are using this recession as leverage to get the shriveled governments they want , lopsided toward business interests at the expense of the people who actually live here .
Even as we fight on a national level for the rights of middle class Americans , many states are seeing vast reversals in social programs .
Why can't our people stand up to this stuff ?
Even on a state level ?
A Minnesota school district which recently paid a family $ 25,000 after a high school junior was harassed by two teachers over his perceived sexual orientation , has announced that the teachers involved are on leave .
The Star Tribune reported in August , " The boy 's ' fence swings both ways , ' teacher Diane Cleveland
commented during a class in the 2007 - 2008 school year , according to an
investigation by the Minnesota Department of Human Rights .
When the boy wrote a report on Ben Franklin , Cleveland allegedly
said before the entire class that the boy had a ' thing for older men . '
Another teacher , Walter Filson , said in front of other students that
the boy ' enjoys wearing women 's clothes . '
When the boy decided to
report on Abraham Lincoln , Filson allegedly said , ' Since you like your
men older …' the Human Rights report said . "
Now , the paper reports : " Diane Cleveland , a 39 - year - old social studies teacher , and Walter
Filson , a 56 - year - old law enforcement teacher , went on leave within the
past week , said Ginny Karbowski , director of career and technical
education for the Secondary Technical Education Program ( STEP ) in
Anoka , where the two taught .
Cleveland 's attorney , Phil Villaume , said : ' Our position is that she
is taking an unpaid , voluntary leave of absence at her request . …
This was done in the last week , and it was her decision and her
decision alone . '
Villaume does n't represent Filson and could n't comment
on his status .
Filson could n't be reached for comment . "
The teachers should be fired .
A spoonful of herbicide helps the sugar break down in a most delightful way .
Researchers at Brigham Young University have developed a fuel cell – basically a battery with a gas tank – that harvests electricity from glucose and other sugars known as carbohydrates .
The human body ’s preferred energy source could someday power our gadgets , cars or homes .
“ Carbohydrates are very energy rich , ” said BYU chemistry professor Gerald Watt .
“ What we needed was a catalyst that would extract the electrons from glucose and transfer them to an electrode . ”
The surprising solution turned out to be a common weed killer , as reported by Watt and his colleagues in the October issue of the Journal of The Electrochemical Society .
Watt shares his wonderfully appropriate last name with his great - great - uncle James Watt , the inventor of the steam engine .
The effectiveness of this cheap and abundant herbicide is a boon to carbohydrate - based fuel cells .
By contrast , hydrogen - based fuel cells like those developed by General Motors require costly platinum as a catalyst .
The next step for the BYU team is to ramp up the power through design improvements .
The study reported experiments that yielded a 29 percent conversion rate , or the transfer of 7 of the 24 available electrons per glucose molecule .
“ We showed you can get a lot more out of glucose than other people have done before , ” said Dean Wheeler , lead faculty author of the paper and a chemical engineering professor in BYU ’s Fulton College of Engineering and Technology .
“ Now we ’re trying to get the power density higher so the technology will be more commercially attractive . ”
Since they wrote the paper , the researchers ’ prototype has achieved a doubling of power performance .
And they ’re pursuing an even stronger sugar high .
Exclusive Novinite.com Interview with Paul O’Brien , Political Correspondent of The Irish Examiner , on the outcome of the second referendum in Ireland which led to the ratification of EU ’s Lisbon Treaty .
Is the rather high percent of Irish voters supporting the Lisbon Treaty is a surprise ?
Had a “ no ” vote been just as likely until the last minute ?
The very large margin of victory is a slight surprise , but the opinion polls leading up to the referendum had indicated that a clear win for the “ Yes ” side was likely .
So it is not the case that a “ No ” vote had been as likely until the last minute .
What factors tipped the scales in favor of the Treaty ?
( i.e. the information campaign ; the legal guarantees by the European Council for “ opt- outs ” on abortion , taxation , and military neutrality ; Ireland ’s dependence on EU bailout aid because of the financial crisis ; the sheer pressure by the rest of the EU ? )
Which of those factors would you single out as the most important one for the “ yes ” vote , and why ?
First and foremost , the “ Yes ” side improved their campaign this time round , and that helped tipped the scales in favour of the treaty .
Secondly , the campaign message was much more consistent – it focused on the economy , and spelled out the message that recovery would not be possible without the EU .
They were the single most important factors .
After that , the fact that we had received the guarantees from our EU partners helped the “ Yes ” side also - because it meant taxation , abortion and neutrality never really became major issues of controversy during the campaign .
Declan Ganley , the leader of the Libertas Party and major opponent of the Lisbon Treaty ratification , has commented that the Irish were scared , and supported the Treaty out of fear ?
Do you think that is a fair description of the affirmative vote ?
I think the suggestion that fear played a part in the “ Yes ” vote is accurate .
Irish people right now are fearful for their jobs , their homes , their children , their futures .
So when voters were told that Ireland could be left behind in Europe if it voted no , I think that weighed heavily on people 's minds .
Have the Irish voters made a compromise with their position by reversing their own earlier vote , or is this a manifestation of the more acute realization that Ireland is much better off with the EU ?
I think many “ Yes ” voters simply believed we are better off being fully engaged with the EU , and voted accordingly .
Is it fair to say the Lisbon Treaty got ratified in Ireland thanks to the economic crisis ?
Would the Irish voters still back it if it had not been for the crisis , and the aid from the Ireland got from the EU ?
As indicated above , I think the economy was the major issue in this campaign .
The Irish voters were bold enough to say “ no ” in 2008 , and they have now passed the Lisbon Treaty only after securing opt-outs .
What are the lessons from the whole Irish experience with the Lisbon Treaty ratification for the EU as a whole , and for the smaller EU states ?
I think the experience for smaller member states is that the EU gets its way in the end .
Within a short time of the Irish rejection of the treaty last year , it was made very clear by the EU that the treaty was not considered " dead " and that the Irish would have to vote again .
And yes , we got some concessions - ie , the legal guarantees and the retention of our commissioner .
But not a single word of the treaty was changed .
And I think that indicates what smaller member states can expect on issues such as this .
By contrast , there is a feeling amongst some in Ireland that if a large member state such as France , for example , had rejected Lisbon last year , the treaty would have been dead and the EU would have had to go back to the drawing board .
Is the “ yes ” vote going to repair some negative effects that Ireland might have suffered as a result of the first referendum ?
The Government certainly hopes so .
But only time will tell , I think .
GEORGE PEREZ AT DRAGONCON
While at DragonCon over Labor Day weekend , I was fortunate enough to meet famed comic artist George Perez !
He ’s super nice and really seems to enjoy meeting fans .
First I saw him on the Avengers Assembled panel , then later that afternoon he was at his table in Artist Alley .
I went to his table hoping to get a comic or two signed .
Then I found out that George does head - sketches on the spot in exchange for a donation to the Hero Initiative .
I did n’t hesitate for a second in asking for Firestorm !
George draws one of the most recognizable Firestorms out there .
After co-creator Al Milgrom ’s run on Firestorm volume I , George Perez was essentially the next regular artist for Firestorm ( on JLA and the Firestorm back - up stories in the Flash comic ) .
In the Avengers Assembled panel , Perez mentioned he always likes to add something extra when delivering an art piece .
I ’d asked for Firestorm , so he took the time to add in an “ extra ” of Professor Stein ’s astral head !
How awesome is that ?!?!?
Below is the sketch …
George also took the time to autograph one of my favorite Flash issues for me , number 293 .
The lead story was about the Flash fighting the Pied Piper .
While I love some classic Flash / rogue stories , my real interest lies in the second story .
The back - up story was written by Gerry Conway and drawn by George Perez .
It detailed a team - up between Firestorm and the Flash as they combined forces against the Atomic Skull .
This was the first Firestorm back - up story I ever read in the Flash , which may be why it ’s one of my favorite issues .
Regardless , great comic , breathtaking cover , and a super - cool encounter with George Perez .
Below is a picture of myself and George Perez .
See how cool he is ?
How many other celebrities get up on you like that for a picture ?
For complete coverage of my DragonCon experience , please visit my other blog ONCE UPON A GEEK .
GREEN ARROW BLOG CROSSOVER
FIRESTORM FAN and the Green Arrow blog ( Dispatches from the Arrowcave ) are teaming - up today to bring you coverage of a titanic meeting of the minds at DragonCon 2009 .
I had the opportunity at DragonCon this year was to meet Adama , the man behind the Green Arrow blog .
While Adama and I have worked together on a few blog crossovers , we ’ve never met face - to - face .
In fact , Adama is the first person I ’ve ever met from the superhero character - specific blogosphere .
Adama and I met at the Hilton and then grabbed lunch in the mall .
Adama is a really friendly guy !
We talked about all manner of geek - related things .
Then we walked around together taking pictures of cool costumes .
Surprisingly enough , we kept running into acquaintances .
Considering there were over 30,000 people at the convention , it ’s pretty astonishing that we ran into that many people we already knew is such a short amount of time .
Below you can see myself and Adam .
Notice my Firestorm t- shirt and Adama ’s green shirt ( represent ! ) .
We ’re such dorks !
If you ’ve never visited the Green Arrow blog ( Dispatches from the Arrowcave ) , then you should really swing by .
Adama keeps it interesting .
Today he ’s running a post about his own George Perez sketch and his version of our meeting at DragonCon .
Great to meet you , Adama !
Hopefully we ’ll see each other again next year .
Who knows , perhaps some of our other superhero blogging friends will come to DragonCon in 2010 .
Support Firestrom ( and Green Arrow ) !
Fan the flame !
Eight years after the terrorist attacks of September 11th , 2001 , we remember and here , take a look back , and a look at the present .
This year 's remembrance is emphasizing volunteerism and service , honoring the private citizens that volunteered after the attacks and encouraging the observance of the anniversary to be a day of service .
Construction at Ground Zero , the site of the former twin towers , is years behind because of construction delays , design disputes and litigation involving developers , state and local officials and insurance companies .
At this point , One World Trade Center ( formerly the Freedom Tower ) , the 120 - story anchor building on the site , is scheduled for a 2013 completion .
( 38 photos total
An attorney defending against a music - piracy lawsuit did n't cross ethical bounds by filing motions broadly attacking the recording industry and posting them on his blog , a magistrate judge has ruled , rejecting demands from the RIAA for monetary sanctions .
Attorney Ray Beckerman was " less than forthcoming at times " in defending a client against an RIAA lawsuit , but the music industry 's concerns were " largely overstated , " New York Magistrate Judge Robert M. Levy wrote Friday ( .pdf ) .
" Although defendant 's counsel took an unusually aggressive stance and , at times , veered into hyperbole and gratuitous attacks on the recording industry as a whole , I do not find clear evidence of bad faith on counsel 's part , "
Levy also ruled that the RIAA , which has sued 30,000 individuals , was not a vexatious litigant , shooting down Beckerman 's counter - complaint against his courtroom opponents .
" Plaintiffs have doggedly pursued their copyright infringement claim , but I find no evidence of undue vexatiousness or ill motive on their part , " Levy wrote .
The opinion is not binding on the federal judge who presided over the RIAA 's case against Marie Lindor , Beckerman 's client who was accused of making copyrighted music available on the Kazaa file sharing program .
After five depositions and three years of legal maneuvering , the RIAA has dropped the case against the woman whom Beckerman said has " never turned on a computer . "
The RIAA claimed evidence tampering thwarted its case .
" I 'm gratified that the motion was denied .
It was based on gross misstatements of fact .
I would have preferred for the judge 's language to be stronger .
But the result is the same , " Beckerman said during a brief telephone interview .
Beckerman , a New York attorney , runs the Recording Industry vs The People blog , which takes every opportunity to criticize the music industry 's litigation arm .
The RIAA , in seeking sanctions , said Beckerman " has maintained an anti-recording industry blog during the course of this case and has consistently posted virtually every one of his baseless motions on his blog seeking to bolster his public relations campaign and embarrass plaintiffs , " the RIAA wrote in court briefs .
" Such vexatious conduct demeans the integrity of these judicial proceedings and warrants this imposition of sanctions . "
The RIAA claimed that Lindor , her family and Beckerman " intentionally provided false information , attempted to misdirect plaintiffs as to relevant facts and events , and concealed critical information and evidence regarding the infringement at issue . "
See Also :
The Pakistani government has vowed to block any attack on the major city of Quetta by the United States , following persistent reports that the Obama Administration last week threatened to move against the city if Pakistan did not tackle the so - called “ Quetta Shura , ” a group of leaders of the ousted Afghan government which have allegedly taken up residence in the city .
Pakistan ’s Interior Minister Rehman Malik challenged the Obama Administration to provide some evidence for their charges , and said the Pakistani government would be happy to move against the group if the US did so .
At the same time , he insisted their own intelligence suggests that the Quetta Shura does not exist .
The prospective US attack has risen considerable consternation among Pakistanis , already resentful of the growing American influence over their nation ’s policies .
Officials have suggested the attack could not only include attacks from CIA drones , but ground troops as well .
The US has alleged that Mullah Omar , the former leader of Afghanistan , is among those hiding in Quetta , though Malik says he believes Omar is actually in the Afghan city of Kandahar .
" We had been told , on leaving our native soil , that we were to defend the sacred rights conferred on us by so many of our citizens settled overseas , so many years of our presence , so many benefits brought by us to populations in need of our assistance and civilization .
We were able to verify that this was true , and because it was true , we did not hesitate to shed our quota of blood , to sacrifice our youth and our hopes .
We regretted nothing , but whereas we over here are inspired by their frame of mind , I am told that in Rome factions and conspiracies are rife , that treachery flourishes , and that many people in their uncertainty and confusion lend a ready ear to the dire temptations of relinquishment and vilify our action .
I cannot believe that all this true , and yet recent wars have shown how pernicious such a state of mind could be and to where it could lead .
Make haste to reassure me , I beg you , and tell me that our fellow citizens understand us , support us and protect us as we protect the glory of the Empire .
If it should be otherwise , if we should leave our bleached bones on these desert sands in vain , then beware the anger of the legions . "
From a letter supposedly written by one Marcus Flavinius , a centurion in the second cohort of the 2nd Augusta Legion serving overseas , to his cousin , Tertullus , in Rome , quoted in the Prologue of Jean Larteguy 's novel , " The Centurions . "
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Perhaps there was such a letter , perhaps .
It is odd that Marcus Flavinius did not have three names .
I suspect that this is apocrypha .
There is another such letter supposedly written from Dacia by another Roman soldier .
In it , the writer complains that every time his unit learns how to perform its mission , the mission is changed or they are re-organized or whatever it is that fits the subject of the Army schools class in which it is quoted .
I am concerned that the legions and their commanders are becoming more politically active and resistent to civilian authority than is good for them or the country .
McChrystal 's estimate is a case in point :
- This paper presents the president with only one option on a " take it or leave it " basis .
I realize that Stanley M. is a subordinate theater commander and a full general but he is still the president 's subordinate and he serves at the pleasure of the president / commander in chief .
In all the Army schools that I attended ( Infantry Officer Basic Course to the US Army War College ) , it was more or less customary to present the commander with several options in the way of " courses of action . "
If you do not do that then you are clearly seeking to limit the freedom of action of the commander .
This is insubordinate in spirit .
- There is considerable log - rolling going on to bring Stanley and Dave back from their commands to Washington so that they can talk it up around town .
When Petraeus testified before Congress on behalf of the AEI / Keene Iraq strategy he was justifying GW Bush 's policy .
That was bad enough in that it made him a player in the political process , but in this case the Republicans and the AEI crowd clearly want these two gentlemen back here so that they can be used to undercut the possibility of an independent policy decision by their constitutional civilian commander .
The Republicans seem to have forgotten that the wheel of history is turning and that soon they will have a Republican president in the White House whose authority may be challenged on the basis of the precedent they seek .
- It has been blogged ( not by me ) that people on Stanley M's staff claim that he has the thought that he might ask to be relieved if not given what he wants .
I do not know if that is true .
If it is , and he follows through on that hoping for an " Old Soldiers never die ... " moment , then he ought to be retired in his permanent grade .
- Andrea Mitchell reportedly said on Friday that one of the redacted secret parts of the Stanley M. estimate says that 500,000 troops will be needed in Afghanistan over the next five years to achieve success in a counterinsurgency campaign .
That appears to means that some combination of US / NATO troops and Afghan troops amounting to half a million would be required .
Does that mean that whatever portion of that half million is not supplied by the Afghans must be supplied by the US and NATO .
Someone should ask Stanley M. what he expects will be the peak " in country " strength for US / NATO forces .
The legions and their commanders are not exactly angry yet , but they wll be .
pl
US residents are much less healthy than their English counterparts and these differences exist at all points of the SES distribution ...
The US population in late middle age is less healthy than the equivalent British population for diabetes , hypertension , heart disease , myocardial infarction , stroke , lung disease , and cancer ...
These differences are not solely driven by the bottom of the SES distribution .
In many diseases , the top of the SES distribution is less healthy in the United States as well .
[ Emphasis added by Next Left ]
With the sole exception of cancer , there exists a sharp negative gradient across both education and income groups in both countries ...
As a result , country differences are larger and tend to be more statistically different at the bottom of the social hierarchy than at the top .
Level differences between countries are sufficiently large that individuals in the top of the education and income strata in the United States have comparable rates of diabetes and heart disease as those in the bottom of the income and education strata in England . "
Alex Ikonn and his wife Mimi launched Luxyhair.com after they realized how hard it was to find great hair extensions in the marketplace .
This hair extensions ecommerce retailer has built their business on the fan audience they ’ve attracted through YouTube tutorial videos .
They have a serious following , which is exactly what has enabled them to grow their business to seven figures since 2010 !
Twitch is a live streaming platform for video , primarily oriented towards video gaming content .
The service was first established as a spin - off of a general - interest streaming service known as Justin.tv .
Its prominence was eclipsed by that of Twitch , and Justin.tv was eventually shut down by its parent company in August 2014 in order to focus exclusively on Twitch . [ 104 ]
Later that month , Twitch was acquired by Amazon for $ 970 million .
[ 105 ]
Through Twitch , Amazon also owns Curse , Inc. , an operator of video gaming communities and a provider of VoIP services for gaming .
[ 106 ]
Since the acquisition , Twitch began to sell games directly through the platform , [ 107 ] and began offering special features for Amazon Prime subscribers .
[ 108 ]
While Amazon grew in the ‘ 90s largely thanks to its growing share of the print book market and its dominance of online book sales , it was its early investments in ebooks and e-readers that turned it into a digital publishing and book - selling powerhouse .
Amazon began work on its first Kindle e-reader starting in 2004 under codename Fiona , with its internal Lab126 hardware division leading the product development process .
The first device was released in November of 2007 and sold for $ 399 .
Amazon has since released numerous iterations of the Kindle , and it now dominates the e-reader market after edging out competing products from Barnes & Noble , Kobo , and others .
In the course of a single generation , Amazon has grown from fledgling online bookseller to one of the most valuable and powerful corporations in modern history .
The empire of CEO Jeff Bezos has grown so vast that critics , overseas regulators , and Washington politicians are all now wondering whether the company has become an unstoppable force , and what , if anything , is capable of reining in its reach .
A recent spat with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( D - VT ) resulted in a minimum wage hike for tens of thousands of employees , but Amazon still operates largely without any meaningful checks on its power even as it aggressively expands into physical retail , the smart home , and warehouse and aviation robotics .
Use voice commands to have Alexa search items in your order history and on Amazon 's Choice list , and read you the products ' names , prices and estimated delivery times .
Once Alexa has found you the highest - rated and best - priced products , tell it to confirm your order and you 're set .
Watch for special promotional discounts that you can use to save money while voice ordering , and always ask for current Alexa Deals for exclusive savings .
You can check online if an item is available in an H&M store .
Find the item at hm.com and select it .
On the product details page , you can simply click the “ Find in Store ” button , choose your location , and you 'll see a list of the H&M stores that have your item .
Please keep in mind that our items sell out quickly and the stock level is just an estimate .
Online prices may also differ from the prices in stores .
You already know you can save big on Amazon Prime Day 2018 , but with these Amazon shopping hacks you can save even more .
When you shop through RetailMeNot , you get $ 10 ​​​​ ​cash back on orders of $ 100 ( or more ) on Amazon .
Another excellent way to save every day , not just Prime Day ?
Download the Honey app , which automatically searches and applies discount codes at check out and gives you points every time you shop online ( once you accrue a certain number of points you can cash them in for a gift card ) .
Amazon is known today not just as the everything store , but as the creator of Alexa , one of the most pervasive digital voice assistants on the market today .
As an extension of Alexa , Amazon has become more than just a seller of other people ’s products .
It ’s now a hardware maker ( Fire Phone aside ) , having embarked on its boldest product play since the original Kindle when it decided to develop its own line of smart speakers to house its artificial intelligence software .
Once again , the division responsible for this piece of hardware was Lab126 , Amazon ’s hardware arm that gave it the tools to dominate the e-reader market nearly a decade prior .
A 2015 front - page article in The New York Times profiled several former Amazon employees [ 192 ] who together described a " bruising " workplace culture in which workers with illness or other personal crises were pushed out or unfairly evaluated .
[ 11 ]
Bezos responded by writing a Sunday memo to employees , [ 193 ] in which he disputed the Times 's account of " shockingly callous management practices " that he said would never be tolerated at the company . [ 11 ]
Audible.com is a seller and producer of spoken audio entertainment , information and educational programming on the Internet .
Audible sells digital audiobooks , radio and TV programs and audio versions of magazines and newspapers .
Through its production arm , Audible Studios , Audible has also become the world 's largest producer of downloadable audiobooks .
On January 31 , 2008 , Amazon announced it would buy Audible for about $ 300 million .
The deal closed in March 2008 and Audible became a subsidiary of Amazon . [ 90 ]
We believe that good fashion at affordable prices is a right that every woman should have .
With this goal in mind , we strive to bring together everyday closet staples that you can return to time and again and special occasion dresses and professional clothing for women .
Browse our collection of trendy women ’s clothing to find your perfect piece , no matter the event or occasion .
On the logistics side , Amazon has for years been building out a network of delivery workers , fulfillment centers , trucks , cargo planes , and freighters to move products from manufacturers to customers at speeds once thought impossible .
The company is now facilitating sea freight shipments , leasing Boeing cargo planes , building a $ 1.5 billion air cargo hub in Kentucky , and expanding its own UPS and FedEx competitor called Shipping with Amazon , or SWA .
All of this is an effort to establish a global logistics network that no one company will be able to compete with .
According to an August 8 , 2018 story in Bloomberg Businessweek , Amazon has about a 5 percent share of U.S. retail spending ( excluding cars and car parts and visits to restaurants and bars ) , and a 43.5 share of American online spending in 2018 .
The forecast is for Amazon to own 49 percent of the total American online spending in 2018 , with two - thirds of Amazon 's revenue coming from the U.S. [ 51 ]
That same year , the company launched Dash buttons for instant reordering of products like laundry detergent , and it ’s more recently been investing in new services that let package - carrying couriers unlock the truck of your car and even your front door .
Most recently , Amazon has signaled an intention to disrupt health care by purchasing online pharmaceutical startup PillPack .
All of this has helped Amazon grow its North American retail operation at an unbelievable pace ; annual sales for the division more than doubled from $ 50.8 billion in 2014 to $ 106.1 billion last year .
Amazon.com operates retail websites for Sears Canada , Bebe Stores , Marks & Spencer , Mothercare , and Lacoste .
For a growing number of enterprise clients , including the UK merchants Marks & Spencer , Benefit Cosmetics ' UK entity , edeals.com and Mothercare , Amazon provides a unified multichannel platform where a customer can interact with the retail website , standalone in - store terminals or phone - based customer service agents .
Amazon Web Services also powers AOL 's [ email protected ] [ citation needed ]
Although As Seen On TV was founded in the 1980 ’s by Shark Tank panel member Kevin Harrington , the public domain label is often used to refer to all infomercials that have aired to date – ranging from the familiar Ron Popeil and his line of popular “ o - matic ” products , to Sir James Dyson and everyone in between .
The infomercials all use direct marketing which allows customers to immediately understand the benefits of a product , and provides the seller with an easy way to track results and understand if a campaign will be profitable .
Categories : Companies in the NASDAQ - 100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQAmazon ( company ) 1994 establishments in Washington ( state ) 3D publishing American companies established in 1994 Android ( operating system ) softwareArts and crafts retailersBookstores of the United StatesCloud computing providersE - book suppliers Internet properties established in 1994IOS softwareMobile phone manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline music storesOnline retailers of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1994 Review websitesSelf - publishing companiesSoftware companies based in SeattleSoftware companies established in 1994 Technology companies established in 1994TvOS softwareUniversal Windows Platform appsWebby Award winnersPerhaps the most prominent Prime perk , however , is access to Amazon Prime Video .
The video on - demand service started in 2006 as Amazon Unboxed , but was rebranded in 2008 and integrated into the Prime service three years later , where it became a huge selling point for Amazon ’s annual subscription .
It now boasts thousands of free TV shows , films , and games , all accessible on pretty much every screen available .
Swiss private bank Wegelin says goodbye and good riddance to America .
An absolute must read .
hat tip Gonzalo Lira
Sign up for our e-mail list to receive updates and alerts on our progress in returning to San Francisco .
Teatro ZinZanni Re-Opening in 2022 !
Thank you !
Teatro ZinZanni San Francisco is thrilled to announce that Mayor London Breed signed the final approval of the Board of Supervisors , the Port of San Francisco and the Planning and Historical Commissions to allow a new project to return our antique Belgian spiegeltent to the Embarcadero .
TZK , LLC , a partnership of TZ San Francisco , Kenwood Investments , LLC and Presidio Hotel Group , will develop the new home , including our 280 - seat jewelbox tent “ Palais Nostalgique " , a new 192 - room boutique hotel , and a 14,000 square foot park , all at the corner of Broadway and Embarcadero .
We are very grateful for years of hard work by our partners , the staff of the Port and City , and the unending enthusiasm of Teatro ZinZanni ’s amazing fans and supporters throughout the area .
We plan to reopen in 2022 .
» Read our official press release announcing our return .
To follow our progress and to be the first to hear about upcoming events , be sure to sign up for our email list or follow us on Facebook .
A NEW HOME ON THE BAY
The design for Teatro ZinZanni ’s future home reveals that the century old Belgian spiegeltent will be showcased at the heart of a LEED - certified four story , 192 room hotel with a ground floor restaurant on the site and a privately owned park .
Architect Mark Hornberger of Hornberger +
Worstell designed the site plan utilizing feedback from community meetings and extensive research on the historic architecture of the neighborhood .
The heart of the design for Teatro Zinzanni is a 40 - foot glass - walled gazebo with the historic antique mirror tent “ Palais Nostalgique ” enclosed within .
The glass pavilion will reveal the backstage activity to all who pass by along the Embarcadero , and the structure will be built to absorb sound and is “ fritted ” to ensure it can be seen by birds to avoid collisions by those species that populate the area .
Project Timeline
Entitlements and Approvals - 2019 -2020
Break Ground - Spring / Summer 2020
Grand Opening - 2022
FAQ
Here 's the scary thing about the commercial real estate situation :
It 's not even starting with the second derivative improvement .
Things are still getting worse faster says Moody 's .
( via Research Recap )
The Moody ’s Delinquency Tracker ( DQT ) measured a 41 basis point increase in the month of September .
The DQT now stands at 3.64 % .
This represents a 310 basis points increase over the same time last year .
The DQT is now nearly 350 basis points higher than the low of 0.22 % reached in July 2007 .
September had the largest monthly basis point change in the history of the tracker .
The 41 basis point increase is slightly larger than the increases in May and June earlier this year .
The tracker resumed its large monthly growth after a lower than average change in August .
The average rise in delinquency in the past six months is 34 basis points .
This compares to a three basis point average increase for the same six month period in 2008 ( April through September ) .
In 2009 the delinquency rate has risen 269 basis points , nearly tripling since the beginning of the year .
Six months ago , following a disappointing performance in the London Marathon , Dathan Ritzenhein was worried his running career was stymied in mediocrity .
Now he 's talking excitedly about the 2012 Olympic marathon .
His third - place finish in Sunday 's World Half Marathon Championships in Birmingham , England , is his latest success since switching to coach Alberto Salazar in June .
Ritzenhein revitalized his career in August , finishing sixth in the 10,000 meters at the world championships and breaking the U.S. 5,000 record .
Sunday he finished behind winner Zersenay Tadese of Eritrea , who won the event for a fourth consecutive time , covering the 13.1 miles in 59 minutes , 35 seconds .
Kenya's Bernard Kipyego finished second in 59:59 , one second ahead of Ritzenhein .
Ritzenhein 's time of 60:00 is the second - best time in U.S. history behind Ryan Hall 's 59:43 .
" I guess I would have liked to have run one second faster , " Ritzenhein said of just missing the 1 - hour barrier .
" But the time did n't matter .
It was a matter of competing .
" It was so important for me .
I wanted to establish myself as having real potential for 2012 in the marathon . "
Ritzenhein , 26 , did it in his usual style by grinding away on a wet course in windy weather .
He pushed the pace early , led the chase group when Tadese began pulling away after six miles and then held off several late challengers .
" Late in the game he easily could have been fifth or sixth , " said New York City Marathon director Mary Wittenberg .
" So encouraging .
I 'd like every high school kid to see what I saw today .
He did n't panic , just calm under pressure combined with a relentless drive to medal . "
Salazar , who rates Ritzenhein 's performance as if he had run 59:40 due to the tough course and conditions , said the American could have finished second easily if he had conserved energy rather than pushing the chase pack .
" He and this Eritrean ( fifth - place Samuel Tsegay ) did all the work and then the Kenyan picked them off , " Salazar said .
" He would have gotten second if he was n't so aggressive .
But that 's what you want , aggressiveness .
" That 's one thing I 've got to teach him : you need to relax .
He 's always pressing too hard .
You think , ' God , why does n't he just tuck behind that guy for awhile . '
But it 's a great thing to see .
He 's a pit bull .
He just hates to have anyone passing him . "
The plan is for Ritzenhein to take two weeks off from running , then have two weeks of jogging before resuming training for the World Cross Country Championships in March .
Though both he and Salazar agree the marathon is his best event , Ritzenhein may not run his next 26.2 miler until the fall of 2010 .
" He 'll return to win here , " says Wittenberg , already recruiting him against Chicago and Berlin .
Says Ritzenhein , " It 'll be a second debut for me .
I 'll feel like a different runner than before . "
After finishing 11th in London in 2:10 , when he had hopes of a breakthrough , Ritzenhein left coach Brad Hudson , with whom he had been training in Eugene , Ore. By June he was with Salazar , based in Portland .
" He obviously was in good shape from all his training with Brad , " said Salazar , a former New York and Boston marathon winner .
" It was a matter of doing faster stuff to make him more efficient , faster , and psychologically getting into his head .
He 's a different guy approaching races and having fun . "
Salazar , who has his runners work with a sports psychologist , wants to continue improving Ritzenhein 's psyche and form .
" He 's got the ability in terms of strength , " Salazar said .
" It 's a matter of teaching him to relax physically and mentally so he 's running easier .
" He 's fighting too hard from the beginning with his upper body .
He 's got an unbelievable engine , but he 's never learned how to relax .
Dathan is never just flowing .
Dathan is always pressing , pressing , pressing .
That 's pretty easy to fix . "
Ritzenhein , a prep star in Rockford , Mich. , and a college star at Colorado , should be able to relax during his break .
" It 's been a great turnaround for me , " he said .
" It 's brought new life to me .
It 's brought me back to where I thought I would be .
I had stagnated over a couple of years .
The changes have been amazing . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
More than 250 inmates were injured in a riot that erupted overnight at the California Institution for Men in Chino , a spokesman said Sunday .
Flames leap from a housing unit at a prison in Chino , California , on Saturday night .
Fifty - five inmates were taken to area hospitals with serious injuries , said Lt. Mark Hargrove , prison spokesman .
None of the facility 's employees was hurt in the melee , which broke out at about 8:20 p.m. Saturday at the Reception Center West facility , Hargrove said .
Guards used pepper spray , " less lethal force , and lethal force options " to regain control by 7 a.m.
Sunday , he said .
The scene of the violence was the medium - security housing facility with seven units , each of which houses about 200 inmates , he said .
Some 80 officers responded to the riot , during which a housing unit was heavily damaged by fire , he said .
The institution was placed on lockdown pending an investigation into the cause of the fighting , and visiting privileges were suspended .
Hargrove said several other prisons in southern California were placed on lockdown as a result of the riot at the Chino facility and the possible need of reallocating prison staff to Chino .
Aref Fakhoury , acting warden for the California Institution for Men , said police departments from the cities of Chino , Chino Hills and Ontario , and the Chino Valley Independent Fire District aided in quelling the violence .
The inmates ' injuries ranged from stab wounds and slashes to head trauma , Hargrove said .
Some were considered life - threatening .
Hargrove said inmates used " weapons of opportunity , " such as broken glass during the riot .
Images taken from the scene showed flames coming from the building as a helicopter hovered overhead .
A similar riot broke out in December of 2006 , Hargrove said .
Chino is located about 35 miles east of Los Angeles .
CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .
All About Prisons • Los Angeles
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A former Goldman Sachs Group
Inc computer programmer accused of stealing secret trading codes from the financial firm has been released from federal custody after posting bail , authorities said on Monday .
Sergey Aleynikov , 39 , was arrested by the FBI on Friday and charged with “ theft of trade secrets . ”
He met the terms of his $ 750,000 bail and was released Monday , said FBI spokesman James Margolin .
Aleynikov is accused of misusing computer codes that belong to his former employer , a New York - based financial institution that authorities did not identify in court papers but sources say is Goldman Sachs .
A transcript of Aleynikov ’s appearance before U.S. Magistrate Kevin Nathaniel Fox in Manhattan on Saturday also shows that Aleynikov worked for Goldman .
His lawyer , Sabrina Shroff , said at that proceeding that Aleynikov told authorities after his arrest that he did not intend to sell the information or use it “ contrary to my employment agreement with Goldman Sachs . ”
Goldman has not seen its business or clients harmed by the purported computer breach , a source familiar with the situation said on Monday .
The firm declined to comment .
The case could shed light on the workings of intricate trading systems developed by Goldman .
It also raises questions about the security of lucrative Wall Street proprietary trading operations .
However , the New York Stock Exchange said on Monday there was no connection between the alleged security breach and an error that dropped Goldman from a trading report the NYSE issued last week .
Aleynikov , a Russian immigrant living in New Jersey , was arrested on Friday night as he got off a flight at Newark Liberty International Airport , according to an FBI affidavit filed in the case .
Aleynikov had been held at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn .
Terms of his bail required a $ 750,000 personal recognizance bond to be secured by three financially responsible people .
The bail also included $ 75,000 in cash , and Aleynikov was ordered to surrender his travel documents and not to access the computer data at issue in the case .
A preliminary hearing was scheduled for August 3 .
Flags fly outside of the Goldman Sachs headquarters building in the financial district of New York May 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Authorities contend Aleynikov stole codes used for sophisticated automated stock and commodities trading .
They say Aleynikov , who earned $ 400,000 a year at Goldman , improperly copied proprietary computer code and then uploaded it to a computer server in Germany .
After he was arrested , he told authorities he had only intended to collect “ open source ” files on which he had worked but “ later realized that he had obtained more files than he intended , ” the FBI agent said in the court papers .
The FBI said Aleynikov worked at the financial institution from May 2007 until June 5 , when he left to work for a new company focused on high - volume automated trading .
Aleynikov ’s wife , Elina , told Reuters on Sunday that her husband is innocent .
She said in a phone interview from the couple ’s New Jersey home that her husband worked hard for Goldman and has been a good citizen who has lived in the United States for 19 years .
The case has thrown a spotlight on the little - known Transport Appeals Board , which has ignored the findings of the Supreme Court and can just as easily ignore the findings of the Court of Appeal .
'' It 's a merry - go - round , '' Mr Morton said .
There 's just no end to it .
'' Even if I win again they can still go back to the [ Transport Appeals Board ] where you can't get any of your costs back . ''
With Sydney Ferries due to be sold this year , no one will take responsibility for the saga that began long before the present crop of senior managers took control .
The Minister for Transport , David Campbell , and the acting chief executive of Sydney Ferries , David Callahan , will not say who decided to appeal or why , or even if they will agree to re-employ Mr Morton or mediate his case if they lose again .
Sydney Ferries , which loses about $ 1 million a week , has already spent more than $ 1 million on the case , and the appeal costs are likely to near $ 250,000 .
Mr Morton had 13 years of unblemished service with Sydney Ferries before he was sacked in 2004 after an altercation with Tyson Best , an engineer on the ferry Lady Northcott .
A magistrate dismissed the assault charges against Mr Morton , and in 2005 he appealed to the Transport Appeals Board , chaired by the former Labor MP George Thompson , to get his job back .
The board rejected evidence that Mr Best was the aggressor with a history of violence and a pattern of unpredictable behaviour and upheld Mr Morton 's sacking .
Because of the cost , few transport employees appeal against the boards ' decisions , but Mr Morton was determined to clear his name and took his case to the Supreme Court , where Justice Peter Berman found overwhelmingly in his favour .
'' I am satisfied that the [ board ] decision was one which was so devoid of plausible justification that no reasonable tribunal could have reached it , '' he said .
It was the first appeal upheld against the board for years , but it meant nothing because it did not bind the board .
To get his job back , Mr Morton had no option but to run another case in the board .
It was heard by a former official with the metal workers union and the then board chairman , [ the late ] John Parkin , who rejected the Supreme Court 's ruling and upheld the sacking even though Mr Best was not available to give evidence .
It was then , Mr Morton says , that he realised he was in a vicious legal circle with spiralling legal costs because his win in the Supreme Court meant nothing .
His only option to clear his name was to return to the Supreme Court .
Last August Justice Stephen Rothman found overwhelmingly for Mr Morton , pointing out that '' the tribunal , Sydney Ferries and Mr Morton were bound by the determination of issues of the Supreme Court in the earlier proceedings ' ' .
" To the extent that the assault or harassment is relied upon , there is no finding of fact upon which one could base a dismissal , '' Justice Rothman said
No one in government will explain how appealing complies with the Government 's model litigants policy , which requires all agencies to act '' with complete propriety , fairly and in accordance with the highest professional standards '' when litigating .
It forbids appeals '' unless the state or an agency believes that it has reasonable prospects for success . ''
The only comment a Sydney Ferries spokeswoman would make was : '' This appeal is about seeking finality to the proceedings ' ' .
Would n't It Be Nice to Really Pay What You Wish ?
It is worth noting that several pricing schemes that often get lumped together are in fact quite different .
“ If set up properly , PWYW can make it hard for all but the most callous customer to rip you off . ”
There ’s the honor - box system with a posted price list , like the one the Bagel Man used .
In this scenario , there ’s no one to collect the money but the price is essentially fixed , and the seller ( the Bagel Man , or whomever ) engages in a tradeoff : lower labor costs but higher risk of underpayment .
There ’s the “ freemium ” model , with several iterations , in which someone offers a product or service or some portion thereof for free while finding an alternate means to monetize the enterprise .
This is what Chris Anderson has written about .
And then there ’s the sexiest , riskiest , funnest model : pay - what - you - wish .
Think Radiohead .
If you use a PWYW scheme too liberally , you are courting financial disaster .
Just imagine if Tiffany & Co. held a PWYW day on all diamond jewelry .
Personally , I love it when a salesman or contractor asks me “ What do you want to pay ? ” for a certain good or service .
My answer is always the same : “ What I want to pay is zero .
Does that work for you ? ”
So plainly there are limits to the viability of PWYW .
But one factor that PWYW pricing calls into play is human conscience : if set up properly , PWYW can make it hard for all but the most callous customer to rip you off .
Consider this story sent along by a reader named Jessica Donovan , about a nice - sounding guy in Essex , Vermont , who started a PWYW taxi service :
As an antidote to rigid financial conditions , Hagen got his cab driver ’s license and insurance and officially opened for business last month with the Recession Ride Taxi .
In his SUV , Hagen will take passengers anywhere they want to go in and around Essex — for whatever they want to pay .
There are no set prices for transportation , and Hagen also offers a cooler full of pay - what - you - want beverages to thirsty guests .
He even offers special perks to frequent riders : he provides his passengers with hole punch cards , giving them a free ride after every six trips .
Of course , Hagen ’s customers could easily get a free ride anyway ; after all , he ’s not forcing them to open their wallets .
Since his payment policy is so flexible , he ’s taken some strange trades : one customer gave him a $ 10 grocery card , and a local musician gave him his group ’s CD .
But in the weeks since the business has launched , Hagen has n’t been short - changed once .
“ I believed from the start that this would work , ” he said .
“ I believed that people are going to be generous enough to make it worth my while , and I ’m going to be generous enough to let them decide . ”
I think most of us would have a hard time stiffing the taxi driver in a case like this .
I would n’t even be surprised if his PWYW scheme generates so much goodwill that he makes more money than if he had a fixed price .
When you match PWYW with a face - to - face , conscience - inducing contact , it ’s not very risky .
What I would like to know is what is the riskiest , easiest - to - rip - off PWYW scheme you ’ve heard of , and how did it work out ?
After the news conference .
Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D. , N.Y. ) called the focus on detention misguided , since about half of ICE detainees have no criminal record and await deportation for administrative violations .
" It would be more cost - effective to track these individuals with an electronic monitoring device than to build brand - new facilities to detain them , " he said .
RBS investors saw the share price tumble in the wake of the credit crisis Disgruntled shareholders in the Royal Bank of Scotland have decided to take legal action against the bank 's former directors for up to £ 9 bn .
They claim to have been misled about the health of the bank , now 70 % owned by the taxpayer , when they were asked to invest money in April 2008 .
An action group working for thousands of shareholders said they would target directors from the time of the buyout .
Bradford and Bingley shareholders are also meeting over a compensation case .
RBS 's balance sheet was weakened by its purchase of Dutch bank ABN Amro under former boss Sir Fred Goodwin .
Shareholders were asked to buy new shares at 200p each to strengthen its finances , with 95 % of the stock being bought up .
But in the wake of the Lehman Brothers collapse and the government rescue , the bank 's share price fell to an all - time low of 10 p in January .
On Friday , they were trading at 48 p .
' Past mistakes ' RBS action group spokesman Roger Lawson said it was seeking to raise funds for legal advice about the strength of a potential claim .
He said the prospectus for the rights issue underestimated the risks facing the group .
Although the justification for the rights issue was to boost its finances , Mr Lawson described it as a " bailout to fund ( the bank 's ) past mistakes " .
Meanwhile , the B&B shareholders claim they have not been offered an explanation by the government for the company 's nationalisation in September last year .
The Treasury decided the B&B was no longer a viable bank , after the collapse in the share price , and a run on its deposits by customers .
The group 's savings business was sold to Spanish banking giant Santander .
Compensation to the shareholders is to be assessed by an independent valuer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description :
Botnets , which are networks of malware - infected machines that are controlled by an adversary , are the root cause of a large number of security threats on the Internet .
A particularly sophisticated and insidious type of bot is Torpig , which is a malware program that is designed to harvest sensitive information ( such as bank account and credit card data ) from its victims .
In this talk , we report on our efforts to take control of the Torpig botnet for ten days .
Over this period , we observed more than 180 thousand infections and recorded more than 70 GB of data that the bots collected .
While botnets have been hijacked before , the Torpig botnet exhibits certain properties that make the analysis of the data particularly interesting .
First , it is possible ( with reasonable accuracy ) to identify unique bot infections and relate that number to the more than 1.2 million IP addresses that contacted our command and control server during the ten day period .
This shows that botnet estimates that are based on IP addresses are likely to report inflated numbers .
Second , the Torpig botnet is large , targets a variety of applications , and gathers a rich and diverse set of information from the infected victims .
This allowed us to perform interesting data analysis that goes well beyond simply counting the number of stolen credit cards .
In this talk we will discuss the analysis that we performed on the data collected and the lessons learned from the analysis , as well as from the process of obtaining ( and losing ) the botnet .
Thanks go out to Burim ( bukibv@gmail.com ) for referring this video to us .
You can visit his blog here
Unicode - processing issues in Perl and how to cope with it
Perl 5.8 + has comprehensive support for Unicode and a wide range of different text encodings .
But still many people experience problems when processing multi-language text .
Here I explain the most common problems and offer solutions .
21 Nov 2013 .
Some inaccuracies in the text of the article and in the test scripts were corrected .
This article is translated to Serbo - Croatian language by Anja Skrba from Webhostinggeeks.com .
An older version of this article is available .
It is not as well structured , but provides some additional perl version 5.6.1 unicode - related details .
hire me to fix your code .
You can read this piece and dive into all the technical details and idiosyncrasies of perl and unicode .
Or you canto fix your code .
A bunch of perldoc manpages outline and explain the Perl ’s unicode support .
perluniintro , perlunicode , Encode module , binmode ( ) function .
And the list is not complete .
The major problem with this documentation is its volume .
Most programmers do n’t even have to read it all , because to start working with Unicode you just need to know some basic facts and rules .
I have experienced several kinds of trouble with Unicode in Perl , in several projects .
The two main problems I ’ve seen are :
UTF - 8 data getting double - encoded or other - encoding data getting mangled
the “ Wide character in print ” warning
These two problems are closely related and often solved by similar moves .
Reading or at least browsing through the related manpages is still a good way to understand and solve your Unicode problems .
If you do n’t have time for that now , read on .
The problem showcase : the example
Imagine two simple variables with Unicode text in it .
And you print those variables to standard output .
What may be easier ?..
#!/usr/bin/perl my $ ustring1 = " Hello \x {263 A} !
" ; my $ ustring2 = < DATA > ; print " $ustring1$ustring2 " ; __DATA__ Hello ☺!
source
Both variables here contain the same data : string " Hello " followed by Unicode character WHITE SMILING FACE U+263A , an exclamation mark and a new - line character .
The __DATA__ part ( $ ustring2 ) is UTF - 8 encoded .
But when we print it , the first one comes out fine and the second one comes garbled .
This is because Perl knows that the first string is a Unicode string and is internally stored in UTF - 8 .
But it does n’t know the encoding of the second .
When it builds a bigger string for printing , it re-encodes the second into UTF - 8 , wrongly .
In addition , it prints a warning : Wide character in print at unitest1.pl line 6 , < DATA > line 1 .
We ’ll look at it later , after we fix our output .
You could apparently fix things by avoiding concatenation :
#!/usr/bin/perl my $ ustring1 = " Hello \x {263 A} !
" ; my $ ustring2 = < DATA > ; print $ ustring1 , $ ustring2 ; __DATA__ Hello ☺!
source
But this is not a solution .
Sometimes you simply can’t avoid concatenation ; it is such a basic operation .
In addition , it is error - prone and not future - proof .
Why the problem happens
First , some basic facts .
There is a distinction between bytes and characters .
Characters are Unicode characters .
One character may be represented by several bytes when stored , printed or sent over network .
How exactly a character is converted into bytes depends on the encoding used .
UTF - 8 is just one of the ways to do represent Unicode characters .
Perl has a “ utf8 ” flag for every scalar value , which may be “ on ” or “ off ” .
The “ On ” state of the flag tells perl to treat the value as a string of Unicode characters .
Otherwise , it is just a bunch of bytes .
If you take a string with utf8 flag off and concatenate it with a string that has utf8 flag on , perl converts the first one to Unicode .
This may sound okay and obvious .
But then you think : How ?
Perl will need to know the encoding of the string data before converting it .
And perl will try to guess it .
And this is the usual source of problems .
The algorithm perl uses when guessing is documented ( uses some defaults and maybe checks your locale ) , but my firm suggestion is : never let perl do that .
Otherwise , there is a BIG chance that you ’ll get double - encoded UTF - 8 strings , or otherwise mangled data .
The solution : always make data encoding explicit , both for your input and output .
Solution # 1 : Convert string to Unicode
One solution could be to tell perl that the $ ustring2 contains Unicode data in UTF - 8 encoding .
There is a couple of ways to do that ; the orthodox way is through Encode ’s decode_utf8 ( ) function :
#!/usr /bin/perl use Encode ; my $ ustring1 = " Hello \x {263 A} !
" ; my $ ustring2 = < DATA > ; $ ustring2 = decode_utf8 ( $ ustring2 ) ; print " $ustring1$ustring2 " ; __DATA__ Hello ☺!
source
In this simple case both ways would do the job , but may get quite tedious , if your inputs are plentiful .
And it still prints the “ Wide character ” warning .
But this is what you should always do for the international data you get from other Perl modules , like from databases .
You should not forget though , that not every sequence of bytes is valid UTF - 8 . So the decode_utf8 ( ) operation may fail .
See Encode perldoc for the error handling details .
( Another way to do let perl accept the UTF - 8 data as such is with a pack “ U0 C * ” , unpack “ C * ” hack .
But you probably should n’t do that . )
If you get data in another encoding ( not UTF - 8 ) , convert it to Unicode explicitly .
Again , Encode module , decode ( ) function :
require Encode ; my $ ustring = Encode : : decode ( ' iso - 8859-1 ' , $ input ) ;
Another example : UTF - 8 data from CGI
In ACIS we produce HTML pages in UTF - 8 .
We expect the HTML form input to be UTF - 8 as well .
To manipulate it , we tell perl about the encoding :
require Encode ; require CGI ; my $ query = CGI -> new ; my $ form_input = {} ; foreach my $ name ( $ query -> param ) { my @val = $ query -> param ( $ name ) ; foreach ( @val ) { $ _ = Encode:: decode_utf8 ( $ _ ) ; } $ name = Encode :: decode_utf8 ( $ name ) ; if ( scalar @val == 1 ) { $ form_input ->{ $ name} = $ val [ 0 ] ; } else { $ form_input ->{ $ name} = \@val ; # save value as an array ref } }
This builds a ready - and safe - to - use hash of input parameters .
Solution # 2 : Specify IO encoding layers for your filehandles
Starting with version 5.8 in Perl a filehandle can have an encoding specified for it .
Perl then will convert all input from the file automatically into its internal Unicode encoding .
It will mark the values read from it accordingly with the utf8 flag .
Equally , perl can convert output to a specific encoding for a filehandle .
Additionally , perl checks that the data you output is valid for the filehandle ’s encoding .
So , if you read data from a file or another input stream , and you expect UTF - 8 data there , warn perl :
if ( open ( FILE , " < :utf8 " , $ fname ) ) { . . . }
or , in case of our simple test ,
#!/usr/bin/perl my $ ustring1 = " Hello \x {263 A} !
" ; binmode DATA , " :utf8 " ; my $ ustring2 = < DATA > ; print " $ustring1$ustring2 " ; __DATA__ Hello ☺!
source
This should print two equal lines , but it would still make the annoying warning .
That ’s because we still print the unicode - containing value to a file handle that is not prepared for that : the STDOUT .
( And it happens implicitly , since print prints there by default . )
Jump there to see the fix for the warning right now .
Similarly , if you open a file as :
open FILE , " < :encoding ( iso - 8859 -7 ) " , $ filename ;
it ’s content will be assumed to be in iso - 8859 - 7 encoding .
Perl will use that to interprete file ’s data correctly , i.e. to convert it to the internal UTF - 8 .
Solution # 3 : Global Unicode setting in Perl
( Here and below , the ISO - 8859 - 7 encoding is just an example .
Any of the perl - supported encodings may be used . )
And there is yet another way to approach your coding / encoding problems .
It is to command perl to treat all your program ’s input and output as UTF - 8 by default .
- C is a perl switch which let ’s you do that .
Just put - CS on the perl command line .
Alternatively , use PERL_UNICODE environment variable .
It has to be set in the environment where you execute perl , for instance :
god@world : ~$ PERL_UNICODE=S perl script.pl
Would command perl to assume UTF - 8 in all input and output filehandles in your script and used modules , by default .
( Unfortunately and contrary to my expectations this does not have an impact on the special DATA filehandle .
So this is not a solution to our problem showcase script . )
You can also specify UTF - 8 - ness for just your stdin or just stdout or just stderr .
Read a section on - C in perlrun for full details .
Wide character in print warning
The warning happens when you output a Unicode string to a non-unicode filehandle .
What is a " non-unicode filehandle ? " , you ask .
That ’s the one with no unicode - compatible IO layer on it ( see Solution # 2 section above . )
The right way to fix this is to specify the output encoding explicitly , with the binmode ( ) function or in your open ( ) call .
For example , open your file this way :
open FILE , " >:utf8 " , $ filename ;
To print UTF - 8 to standard output ( or standard error ) , as in our case , we do :
#!/usr/bin/perl my $ ustring1 = " Hello \x {263 A} !
" ; binmode DATA , " :utf8 " ; my $ ustring2 = < DATA > ; binmode STDOUT , " :utf8 " ; print " $ustring1$ustring2 " ; __DATA__ Hello ☺!
source
Now that should finally print two equal lines ( correctly ) and produce no warning !
The wrong way to avoid the warning is to turn off the utf8 flag on your to - be - printed data .
Then the characters will turn into bytes , and perl will push them to a bytes - filehandle smoothly .
But you do n’t need that , really .
On the other hand , if you open a file as :
open FILE , " >:encoding ( iso - 8859 -7 ) " , $ filename ;
the stuff you print will be output in iso - 8859 - 7 encoding , transcoded automatically .
ISO - 8859 - 7 is not a Unicode - compatible charset , so you wo n’t be able to output Unicode characters on it without a warning .
The right strategy : summary
If you can , use a Unicode encoding ( such as UTF - 8 ) to store and process your data .
Always make sure perl knows which encoding your data comes in and come out .
Make sure all your Unicode - containing scalars , have the utf8 flag on .
Then you can safely concatenate strings .
Then you can use Unicode - related regular expressions , which gives you great powers for international ( multi- language ) text processing .
To achieve that , you may need to know all the ways data gets into your program .
As soon as you get some input , mark it as Unicode or convert it to Unicode and sleep well .
Sometimes data comes into your program already in Unicode and you should n’t worry .
For instance , XML parsers return you string values with the utf8 flag “ on ” .
( Unless you do something weird , like getting it in original form from the parser , which you should n’t do anyway . )
In the above example we explicitly include a unicode character into a string ( $ ustring1 ) and perl knows its encoding .
But when you read data from input streams , from a database or from environment variables ( like parameters in CGI ) , you need to tell perl about its encoding .
Use PERL_UNICODE environment variable to force UTF - 8 IO layers on your input and / or output filehandles .
Further reading
hire me to do your perl & unicode coding .
Do you still want to do it yourself ?
You canto do your perl & unicode coding .
Man pages ( perldocs ) : Other :
Comments are welcome .
The Perfect Skiurlaub Tirol is in St Johann
By Bibiana Taylor
August 1 , 2009 - St Johann is a picturesque town nestled in between the Austrian Alps , and is a great place for adventure , extreme sports and most of all , a skiurlaub tirol .
You can basically do everything here , including skiing .
The amateur or professional skier will love the place .
St Johann is perched at a height of almost 700 m and has an area of 60 km available for skiing .
It ´s fairly low elevation is boosted by north and north - west facing slopes with snow on 50 % on the runs .
Skiing in St Johann means never having to worry about lack of snowfall due to their brand new snowmaking system .
There is nothing like enjoying some skiurlaub fun , whether you go for speed or gently glide down the slope while enjoying the view .
This is what Tirol is all about .
A skiurlaub tirol in St Johann is incredible because of the beautiful skiing terrain the region offers .
Not only offering sunny slopes for all levels of ability and many cosy huts and restaurants for great refreshments , but also snow and a lot of it .
Skiing in St Johann is overall a good spot for a family dream skiing holiday , with reasonable skiing prices and set in a traditional mountain village .
There is fantastic scenery , an excellent choice of skiing , traditional ski resorts and lively apès - ski ( a lot of things to do after a hard day of skiing ) .
You´ll find ski villages with excellent facilities for beginners , hundreds of kms for intermediate ski slopes and challenging skiing for expert skiers .
St Johann is famous among the country for skiing , and is favoured especially by the Royal Family .
Due to the economy , skiers are thinking twice before choosing a place to go practice there favorite sport .
Well , St Johann manages to offer them quieter and beautiful ski resorts at excellent prices .
Not only will you be able to enjoy skiing , but you can do it without having to spend more than expected and have time for fun and relaxation .
Nonetheless , after a day of skiing in a great atmosphere and wonderful pistes , you can go to bars in the afternoon where you´ll find many traditional restaurants , international options and affordable prices .
So if you are planning to go skiing for the holidays , a wise choice will be to book your holiday early .
We ’ll see you in St Johann !
Bibiana Taylor has over three years of experience as a freelance writer .
She has provided online content with multiple areas of expertise , including real estate , health , travel and relationships .
You can contact her via email at taylor2072@yahoo.com .
Zurück
Being dumped by a lover is never pleasant .
Working through any residual anger and bitterness arising from a break - up involves a good deal of moping around , crying to friends , listening to depressing music and drinking to numb the pain , until eventually ( hopefully ) we make peace with it , let go of the resentment , and move on .
That 's how it goes for regular people anyway .
The creative types , on the other hand , do n't just get mad -- they get writing .
A case in point is the new comedy ( 500 ) Days of Summer , which bucks the romcom trend by focusing on a failed relationship , as opposed to an idealised Hollywood romance .
The movie 's screenwriter , Scott Neustadter , has revealed that his script was inspired by his doomed romance with a girl that he met while studying in the London School of Economics in the early Noughties .
And in case viewers were in any doubt about Neustadter 's feelings on the break - up , ( 500 ) Days of Summer opens with a disclaimer on screen reading : " Any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental " , before it adds : " Especially you , Jenny Beckman .
Bitch " ( He refuses to confirm if this is the girl 's real name ) .
Be it therapeutic , or simply bitter and unhealthy , Neustadter is n't the first person to get revenge on an ex through the medium of art .
Novelists , film - makers and particularly songwriters have been doing it for years .
Here are a few of the more notable examples :
Nora Ephron
Writer - director Ephron married Watergate - cracking journalist Carl Bernstein in 1976 , but , four years later , she uncovered his affair with ( married ) British politician Margaret Jay .
Ephron turned the pain from their separation into a novel called Heartburn ( 1983 ) , an acidic , transparently personal story about a wife named Rachel and her cheating husband Mark that was later made into a movie starring Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson .
Killer line : " The man is capable of having sex with a venetian blind . "
Claire Bloom and Philip Roth
British actress Bloom married esteemed American novelist Roth in 1990 , but they divorced some five years later .
Their relationship had always been famously tumultuous , but in 1996 , she published her memoir , Leaving a Doll 's House , in which she depicted her ex-husband as a cruel , self - involved misogynist .
Two years later , Roth published I Married A Communist , a fictional novel in which a conniving , anti-Semitic actress named Eve Frame destroys her actor husband during the McCarthy witch - hunts of the 1950s .
Many critics believe that Roth used Eve to vent his fury at Bloom .
Killer line : " Beneath [ Philip 's ] diamond - sharp observation was a deep and irrepressible rage : anger at being trapped in marriage ; fear of giving up autonomy ; and a profound distrust of the sexual power of women . "
Alanis Morissette
The Canadian rocker 's 1995 album Jagged Little Pill contained more than a hint of rage against a cheating ex-boyfriend ( rumoured to be actor Dave Coulier from TV sitcom Full House ) .
Continuing the trend , her latest album , Flavours of Entanglement , seems to be coloured by her break - up with actor Ryan Reynolds , though not to such a vitriolic degree .
Killer line : " It was a slap in the face / how quickly I was replaced / and are you thinking of me when you f*ck her ? " ( from the track ' You Oughta Know ' )
Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears
The former Mouseketeers split in 2002 after four years together , amidst reports that Britney had been unfaithful .
JT 's subsequent single , ' Cry Me a River ' , seemed to indict the pop princess for her cheatin ' ways .
For her part , Britney ( below ) hinted at her regret in the song , ' Everytime ' .
Killer line : " You do n't have to say / what you did / I already know / I found out from him .
Now there 's just no chance , for you and me , there 'll never be / And do n't it make you sad about it . " ( ' Cry Me a River ' )
Eamon and Frankee
In 2004 , the pop world was " treated " to a double whammy of revenge songs by two ex-lovers .
Hip - hop star Eamon topped the charts first with a track sensitively entitled , ' F*ck It ( I Don't Want You Back ) ' .
Not to be outdone , R&B singer Frankee retaliated with ' F.U.R.B ( F*ck U Right Back ) ' .
However , many industry heads have written off both tracks as cynical marketing ploys by the artists ' labels .
Killer line : " F*ck what I said / It do n't mean sh*t now / F*ck the presents , might as well throw 'em out / F*ck all those kisses / They did n't mean jack / F* ck you , you h*e / I do n't want you back . "
Carly Simon
One of the most famous post - break - up songs out there , Simon 's lyrics for her single ' You 're So Vain ' have been endlessly analysed since 1972 .
The narcissistic target of the song is believed to be Warren Beatty , though other culprits might be Mick Jagger , Cat Stevens , Kris Kristofferson or James Taylor .
Killer line : " But you gave away the things you loved / And one of them was me . "
Fleetwood Mac
You could pick just about any song at random from these legendary rockers ' back catalogue and find lyrical evidence of broken hearts , strained affairs and romantic dysfunction .
But Lindsey Buckingham penned perhaps the band 's definitive break - up song , ' Go Your Own Way ' , about his on - again - off - again lover , Stevie Nicks .
Killer line : " If I could / maybe I 'd give you my world / How can I / When you wo n't take it from me ? "
What if the situations in our lives turned upside down one day , like for example presents unwrapping human bodies instead of the other way around , or pigeons feeding people and pillows having “ human fight ” instead of pillow fights ?
The pictures illustrate it in an almost fun and interesting way , but if those things happened in reality , they would n’t be so fun after all .
If you liked this , you will definitely be amazed by these new illustrations .
Check it out !
Of course , the fact is that without a public option but with a personal mandate , the legislation itself is likely unconstitutional .
It will be an illegal delegation of Congress 's power of taxation .
Only instead of the usual unconstitutional delegation of powers , i.e. to the Executive branch of government , this time it will be a delegation to the Corporate " branch " of government .
Why would Congress try something so cynical ?
Probably because they do n't understand what it is they are doing .
I doubt they have thought through the legal implications of no public option .
They 're too focused on costs and trying to assuage the town hall one - percenters .
Some might also see it as the equivalent of car insurance mandates .
But there are two key differences with car insurance mandates .
First , you are n't required to drive .
Now while it 's true that it 's impractical not to drive in many areas of the country , the fact remains that if you stop driving you do n't need to buy car insurance anymore .
With the personal mandate , you are only released from it when you die .
Second , car insurance mandates are state mandates , not federal .
The Constitution is an interesting document in that its operating principle is that the federal government only has the powers granted to it .
Most other governments in history took the position that the central government was all - powerful and that local governments only had the power the central government gave to them .
As a result of our union of states approach , state governments have more powers than the federal government does .
So while a state government might be able to get away with it , the federal government could n't .
And you could make a strong argument that a state government trying to give private companies the power to tax citizens would be violating the Constitutional guarantee of a republican form of government .
At the end of the day , ordinary citizens ought to be up in arms at the very idea that the government is seriously considering ceding the power to tax to private companies .
That they are n't yet is probably because nobody has explained it to them that way yet .
That 's my thoughts , anyway .
I 'm happy to listen to yours .
And if this thing passes with a personal mandate and without a public option , I 'll see you all in jail , too .
Because I 'd rather go to prison than be taxed by a private company .
Thirty - two new alien orbs have just been added to the growing list of exoplanets , including several that qualify as " super - Earths , " meaning they have a mass only a few times that of our planet and could potentially harbor Earth - like environments .
In the past five years , the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher , a special exoplanet - hunting device attached to a 3.6 - meter telescope in La Silla , Chile , has spotted more than 75 alien planets , including 24 of the 28 known exoplanets with a mass less than 20 times that of Earth .
Given the high frequency of low - mass planets discovered by HARPS , the researchers think between 39 and 58 percent of solar - type stars host a planet with a mass of less than 50 Earth - masses .
" These findings consolidate the results of simulations of planet formation predicting a large population of super - Earths , " astrophysicist Stephane Udry of Geneva University wrote in an email to Wired.com .
" The formation models furthermore predict an even larger population of Earth - mass planets , providing solid scientific justifications for the development of ambitious programs ( in space and on the ground ) to look for those Earth - type planets . "
Udry 's announcement of the HARPS team 's findings Monday at an exoplanet conference in Portugal marks the end of the first phase of HARPS research , and scientists say the project has been even more successful than they originally expected .
The HARPS instrument detects hidden exoplanets by looking for stellar " wobble , " or a slight change in the radial velocity of potential host stars .
The high - precision spectrograph can pick up even tiny fluctuations in a star 's radial velocity — differences in speed of as little as 2.2 miles per hour — which are caused by the gravitational pull of a nearby planet .
The HARPS scientists focused their exoplanet - hunting efforts on certain kinds of stars , including stars similar to our sun and those with low mass ( called Mdwarfs ) or low metal content .
" By targeting M dwarfs and harnessing the precision of HARPS , we have been able to search for exoplanets in the mass and temperature regime of super - Earths , " co-author Xavier Bonfils of the Joseph Fourier University in France said in a press release , " some even close to or inside the habitable zone around the star . "
Image : Artist 's impression of Gliese 667C , a six Earth - mass exoplanet that circulates around its low - mass host star at a distance only 1/20th of the Earth - Sun distance .
The host star is a companion to two other low - mass stars , which are seen here in the distance .
ESO / L. Calçada
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
As gold surged to an all - time high above $ 1,040 per ounce on Tuesday , opinion is mixed over whether bullion will continue to rise or pull back sharply .
Investors have piled into the metal to preserve the value of their dollar - denominated assets against erosion by a weakening dollar and inflation due to economic uncertainty .
Seeking safe havens , they have poured money into the popular gold - backed exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) and other gold - related assets .
Gold ETFs held nearly 1,300 tons of bullion -- more than half of the annual mine production .
On the other hand , the weight of near - record long positions in the New York gold futures leaves the market vulnerable to a correction .
Analysts had called for a correction but bullion kept rising .
In the past 18 months , gold has corrected sharply each time it rose toward $ 1,000 an ounce as a resurgent dollar put a damper on the metal ’s rise .
Is gold ’s record high sustainable in the uncharted territory against the backdrop of the unprecedented global economic stimulus plan ?
Four analysts weighed in :
BUY
AXEL MERK , PORTFOLIO MANAGER OF MERK MUTUAL FUNDS , PALO ALTO , CALIFORNIA
“ I do n’t think it ( gold rally ) is overdone at all .
It ’s going to be over when the policy makers come to their senses , and the chance of that happening is very low .
“ Right now , policy makers think it ’s good to debase the dollar .
They just do n’t know what they are wishing for .
The idea that it ’s good to destroy purchasing power , and somehow you can depreciate yourself into wealth is something that is cruel and naive .
“ I would n’t mind if the metal pulls back -- I would buy some more .
Of course it may happen , but I am not concerned about a pullback . ”
TOM DI GALOMA , HEAD OF FIXED INCOME RATES TRADING , GUGGENHEIM PARTNERS , NEW YORK
“ I think gold ’s rise over the near term has been a function of a Fed that continues to provide massive liquidity to the marketplace .
This could find itself in a bad way in the future .
“ Gold is hedge against a Fed providing too much liquidity to the market .
If we do get inflation , it will do well .
If we get deflation , it will do well .
“ It ’s confirming that the rally in Treasuries in the past month may be forming a bubble .
Gold is predicting higher interest rates will come home to roost .
Once the Fed stops its QE ( quantitative easing ) program , it will have an effect on inflation . ”
SELL
ASHRAF LAIDI , CHIEF MARKETS STRATEGIST AT CMC MARKETS , LONDON
“ We do n’t think this is going to be the big move that is going to take us toward that target $ 1,200 .
We think we ’re going to have to come back down to an area between $ 970 and $ 960 , and then really recover and regain the $ 1,050 , and really could go toward $ 1,150 as early ... the end of this quarter .
“ I would actually see the floor around $ 970 and there is a chance we could drop back below that when we see a retreat to risk appetite and risk aversion as we enter into this earnings season . ”
PRADEEP UNNI , TRADER AT RICHCOMM GLOBAL SERVICES , DUBAI
“ Though the dollar weakness factor is behind the rapid move in gold , charts look extremely strained at the moment , and they are hinting at a correction .
Any extended gains may trigger profit - taking provided that investment demand continues to protect extended correction .
“ Physical markets are most likely to stay calm at such high prices , and this may trigger a correction as there is a steady drop in demand . ”
Those who first discovered this site and the PTB project in 2009 already know Tim Edwards and followed his journey to sobriety .
The deafening buzz we created after going live with his desperate need for the funds for treatment both shocked and humbled us .
Today ,
Tim is proudly 3 years sober , and he and the PTB team continue to help others off the street .
We are now hoping to help John , a homeless father of 4 from Houston , Texas , who is struggling with addiction to powerful pain killers .
The first time round , our efforts drew overwhelming positive reaction .
However , they also drew a fair share of negative criticism as well , and some people believed we were exploiting Tim for our own gain .
As we continue our efforts to help homeless get off the street , we ’d ike to take this opportunity to explain the goals of the PTB project for those who wish to understand .
Working with Tim and his friends on the street in 2009 , we appealed to the plight of the homeless in a very unique way .
Instead of launching a typical “ helpthehomeless.com ” type website that would blend in with the thousands of others like it , we decided to grab your attention by creating a site on homelessness and addiction — yes — but we humanized homelessness by focusing on a particular individual .
In this manner , you got to know Tim .
You ’ve seen him in times of sadness and deep reflection and you ’ve seen him in times of joy and humor .
You saw the person behind the addiction — a warm , funny , sensitive , witty man who liked to tell jokes , but one who also desperately needed help .
Suddenly homelessness had a face in Tim Edwards , a person that we could all relate to , a person that we really liked .
The PTB project aims to shed light on an otherwise ignored portion of society again through John .
As Tim said and John reiterated in his interview , “ Pride , dignity , values …all that goes out the window on the streets ! ”
In reaching out to PTB of his own accord , John , like Tim , wants the help he so desperately needs and hopes that his actions will show other people with addictions that even if they ’ve come from the bottom and it looks like there ’s no way out , that change is possible .
Today we are putting a face to homelessness and addiction in John .
We feel that in personalizing the plight of one homeless individual , society will view that as unique .
Our efforts also show that many can be reached and redeemed to become functioning members of society once again .
Tim Edwards is living proof of this .
As a man who once said , “ How can you pull yourself up by the boot straps if you do n’t have any ? ” PTB gave Tim his bootstraps , and he was able to pull himself out of his addiction
Now let ’s give John his bootstraps .
His last - minute Olympic sprint to back Chicago may have come to nothing , the Afghan quagmire may be bubbling away and Sarah Palin may be topping the bestseller list , but Barack Obama can at least take comfort from the fact that Britain 's most upmarket supermarket chain is on his side .
Waitrose , which prides itself more on its " quality food , honestly priced " than staring down rightwing attack dogs , has become the latest firm to pull its ads from Fox News after presenter Glenn Beck 's remarks about the US president .
In July , Beck called Obama " a racist " with " a deep - seated hatred for white people or the white culture " after the president said that police in Cambridge , Massachusetts , had " acted stupidly " in arresting the distinguished professor Henry Louis Gates as he entered his own home .
Beck 's outburst prompted dozens of companies – among them Wal - Mart , Best Buy and Travelocity – to withdraw their adverts from his show for fear that their businesses might become tainted by association .
Now Waitrose , which advertises on the channel carried by Sky in Britain , has followed suit after customers complained about the Glenn Beck Show .
An angry Waitrose shopper who emailed the chain to express his distaste over its decision " to be associated with this particular form of rightwing cant " received an apology last week .
" We take the placement of our ads in individual programmes very seriously , ensuring the content of these programmes is deemed appropriate for a brand with our values , " said a customer services spokesman .
" Since being notified of our presence within the Glenn Beck programme , we have withdrawn all Waitrose advertising from the Fox News channel with immediate effect and for all future TV advertising campaigns . "
A spokesman for the supermarket , which is part of the John Lewis Partnership , could not tell the Guardian how many complaints had been received over the matter .
" We believe it was the right thing to do , " he said , adding : " We take the views of our customers seriously . "
The Obama administration appears to be losing patience with the channel , which has been particularly scathing about the president 's proposed healthcare reforms .
Proof of the mutual antipathy came two weeks ago when Obama gave a round of broadcast interviews but snubbed Fox News .
• This article was amended on 5 October 2009 .
Referring to President Obama , the original referred to President Obama 's " last - minute Olympic sprint to Chicago " .
This has been corrected .
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School .
His new book , " Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books .
Zelizer writes widely about current events .
Julian Zelizer says there 's a long history of strange behavior by angry members of Congress .
PRINCETON , New Jersey ( CNN ) -- When Rep. Joe Wilson interrupted President Obama 's speech to a joint session of Congress by yelling " You lie ! " a livid House Speaker Nancy Pelosi looked as if she was about to jump out of her seat and give her colleague a five - minute " time out " for misbehavior .
Majority Whip Jim Clyburn warned that he supports reprimanding Wilson unless he goes to the well of the House and apologizes .
Many pundits and politicians have subsequently lamented that the incident has revealed a new level of incivility in Congress .
And certainly this was an embarrassing moment for the GOP , which looked more like the party of Joseph McCarthy than Ronald Reagan .
This has been a summer when some members of the Republican Party outside of Congress have chosen a strategy of yelling and screaming , rather than debating and legislating .
iReport.com : Wilson , Serena , Kanye -- is American civility dead ?
The GOP would do well to remember the warning of Maine Republican Margaret Chase Smith , who worried in 1950 that her party was trying to achieve victory on " the Four Horsemen of Calumny -- Fear , Ignorance , Bigotry , and Smear . "
But is this actually the worst of times in congressional politics ?
Not really .
When the going gets tough , congressional politics has often gotten ugly .
Throughout much of the 19th century , legislators disliked each other so much they often got into fistfights on the floor .
The most infamous incident occurred in 1856 when Rep. Preston Brooks of South Carolina attacked Massachusetts Sen. Charles Sumner with his cane , beating him into a bloody state of unconsciousness .
Brooks was unhappy with one of Sumner 's speeches against slavery that focused on his uncle , Sen. Andrew Butler .
The attack was not an aberration .
Since the founding of the republic , congressional altercations were common .
In 1798 , for instance , Connecticut Federalist Roger Griswold had spoken badly about Republican Matthew Lyon 's war record .
Lyon spat in his face .
Griswold hit Lyon more than 20 times with a hickory cane as their colleagues watched .
Lyon then grabbed a pair of fire tongs and beat on Griswold .
During debates over pivotal issues , tempers have flared often .
When a peace activist approached Massachusetts Republican Henry Cabot Lodge in the Senate hallway in 1917 and branded him as a " damned coward " for calling on America to enter into World War I , the senator hit him in the face .
A fistfight ensued in the corridor .
When opposing America 's entrance into the war , Sen. George Norris warned , " We are going into war upon the command of gold . . .
I feel that we are about to put the dollar sign on the American flag . "
His colleagues yelled " Treason ! Treason ! "
Then there were even more bitter debates over race and communism between the 1930s and the 1970s .
The rhetoric was so bad in this period -- one we often mistakenly remember as a model of consensus and civility -- that even Rep .
Wilson would be aghast by what his predecessors said .
Sen .
Joseph McCarthy accused members of the State Department and other officials in the executive branch of actively assisting international communism .
McCarthy also said President Truman was drunk when he made the decision to order the removal of Gen. Douglas McArthur for insubordination in the Korean War .
When vice presidential candidate Lyndon Johnson went to a rally in Dallas , Texas , shortly before the 1960 election , he and Lady Byrd Johnson were confronted by an angry mob of protesters .
One of them spat on the future first lady .
Congressman Bruce Alger , who had organized the protest and held a placard proclaiming that " LBJ Sold Out to Yankee Socialists , " explained that the protesters were hoping to " show Johnson that he was not wanted in Dallas . "
The rhetoric about civil rights was even more brutal .
Speaking against anti-lynching legislation in 1946 , Sen. Theodore Bilbo , D - Mississippi , said , " If you succeed in the passage of this bill , you will open the floodgates of hell in the South .
Raping , mobbing , lynching , race riots , and crime will be increased a thousandfold .... "
In more recent years , partisan polarization has led to bad behavior all around .
Republican Bob Dornan grabbed New York Democrat Thomas Downey 's tie in 1985 , charging that his party was weak on national defense .
A few years later , the U.S. Capitol Police physically delivered Oregon Republican Robert Packwood back to the Senate chamber so that Democrats could have a quorum for a vote .
In the late 1980s , Rep. Jack Brooks warned that " We 've replaced comity and compassion with hatred and malice . "
His lament had no effect .
In the summer of 2003 , Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee argued that the Republican majority was not allowing them to review the language of legislation and they stormed out of the committee room into an adjacent library .
Before they left , Democrats demanded a full reading of the bill to delay action .
A furious Chairman Bill Thomas instructed the U.S. Capitol Police to round up the Democrats so that the committee could finish their work .
Democrats , led by Charles Rangel refused .
Thomas dispensed with reading the bill .
The lone remaining Democrat in the committee room , California 's Pete Stark , protested .
When Republican Scott McInnis of Colorado told him to be quiet , Stark called his Republican colleague a " fruitcake . "
After the media reported on the story , one Republican complained that " Only one [ police officer ] walked in , and then walked out , on each of three occasions .
For that , [ Democrats ] want to call us Nazis . "
At Obama 's speech to Congress on health care , Rep. Wilson embarrassed himself and the party .
But he did so by tapping into a long - standing tradition .
This is the uglier side of our democracy .
What distinguishes the Wilson incident is the context .
Today , we have a 24 - hour instantaneous , sound - bite media that is obsessed with these kinds of stories rather than the substantive issues .
Legislators know that these kinds of incidents will surely garner media attention .
So if a politician wants to deflect attention from his opponent , this is an effective course of action .
The idea that we will ever achieve total civility in our democratic politics is a myth .
The real question is whether our party leaders and the media will continue to focus on the nastier aspects of our political system or if they will give more attention to the substantive debates that other members of both parties want to have .
This summer it unfortunately seems as if the balance tipped toward the yellers .
With so many major challenges facing the nation , let 's hope our leaders refocus on more honorable political traditions .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .
All About Health Care Policy • Barack Obama • Lyndon Johnson
The newest and most up - to - date version ( May 2010 ) this blog post is available at http://mapreducebook.org
An updated and extended version of this blog post can be found here .
Motivation
Learn from academic literature about how the mapreduce parallel model and hadoop implementation is used to solve algorithmic problems .
Disclaimer : this is work in progress ( look for updates )
Input Data – Academic Papers
Scholar has 981 papers citing the original Mapreduce paper from 2004 – a citation amount that is approximately 10 thousand pages ( ~ size of a typical encyclopedia )
What types of papers cite the mapreduce paper ?
Algorithmic papers General cloud overview papers Cloud infrastructure papers
Future work sections in papers ( e.g. “ we plan to implement this with Hadoop ” )
=> Looked at category 1 papers and skipped the rest
Who wrote the papers ?
Search / Internet companies / organizations : eBay , Google , Microsoft , Wikipedia , Yahoo and Yandex .
IT companies : Hewlett Packard and Intel
Universities : Carnegie Mellon Univ. , TU Dresden , Univ. of Pennsylvania , Univ. of Central Florida , National Univ. of Ireland , Univ. of Missouri , Univ. of Arizona , Univ. of Glasgow , Berkeley Univ. and National Tsing Hua Univ. , Univ. of California , Poznan Univ .
Which areas do the papers cover ?
Conclusion
On the papers looked at most of them are focused on IT - related areas , there is lots of unwritten in academia about mapreduce and hadoop applied for algorithms in other business and technology areas .
Opportunity for following up this posting can be to : 1 ) in more detail describe the algorithms ( e.g. input / output formats ) , 2 ) try to classify them by patterns ( e.g. with similar code structure ) , 3 ) offer the opportunity to simulate them in the browser ( on toy - sized data sets ) and 4 ) provide links to Hadoop implementations of them .
Sauntering into the room is today ’s comic , available for your viewing pleasure !
We were able to put it together even though Tony killed Dumbledore and Wes was busy Bruce Willis is a ghost .
Description :
OpenVPN is a full - featured open source SSL VPN solution that accommodates a wide range of configurations , including remote access , site - to - site VPNs , Wi-Fi security , and enterprise - scale remote access solutions with load balancing , failover , and fine - grained access - controls .
Starting with the fundamental premise that complexity is the enemy of security , OpenVPN offers a cost - effective , lightweight alternative to other VPN technologies that is well - targeted for the SME and enterprise markets .
OpenVPN 's lightweight design sheds many of the complexities that characterize other VPN implementations .
The OpenVPN security model is based on SSL , the industry standard for secure communications via the internet .
OpenVPN implements OSI layer 2 or 3 secure network extension using the SSL / TLS protocol , supports flexible client authentication methods based on certificates , smart cards , and / or 2 - factor authentication , and allows user or group - specific access control policies using firewall rules applied to the VPN virtual interface .
OpenVPN is not a web application proxy and does not operate through a web browser .
In the video below , Adrian Bridgett gives a short demonstration of and talk on OpenVPN .
when the laws are n’t there for your protection
Quacks and cranks are using libel laws to silence critics and skeptics into submission and keep money flowing into their pockets .
Illustration from a Brazilian anti-censorship ad
Every nation , no matter how progressive or conservative , has some form of censorship .
In Germany , denying war crimes of the Nazi regime is punishable by fines or jail time .
Italian media is often muzzled by the political or religious powers in charge .
Australia closely monitors the content of video games and will yank offending titles off the shelves if officials think it ’s in the public interest to do so .
Most of these restrictions are dictated by national laws or by exerting political pressure .
However , there ’s another way that people are censored and it ’s by the misuse of poorly designed libel laws .
Using the courts to silence someone into submission is starting to become a major problem in UK and the prime example of libel law abuse is the case of Simon Singh .
The short version of the story is that an article written by Singh took issue with some chiropractors ’ claims of treating illnesses and conditions with no evidence for the efficacy of their methods and asked why the BCA , or the British Chiropractic Association , allows its members to advertise treatments that were bogus as far as the science was concerned .
In response , the BCA sued Singh for libel and has made pretty much every effort to cover their tracks , then justify their claims with cherry - picked data after a solid year of being shouted down by skeptical bloggers and groups in the UK , and make themselves look as desperate and malicious as they possibly could .
The big problem is that libel laws in UK place the burden of proof on the defendant rather than the plaintiff which means that rather than having to prove that they were indeed defamed , the BCA could just haul Singh to court and force him to defend his words to the tune of tens of thousands of pounds sterling .
And that ’s exactly what they did .
Now , after over a year of fighting and having sunk £ 100,000 into legal fees , Singh wrote an op - ed in which he gives his British readers a dire warning .
The backwards libel laws used by courts in the UK are being used by various cranks and quacks to intimidate and silence bloggers and scientists into submission .
Question a big shot homeopath without the legal resources to fight his army of lawyers and lose every last penny in your bank account .
Post a scathing critique on your blog and have it taken down by hosts threatened with legal action .
By making it so easy to use the law to protect the wallets of pseudoscientists and quacks , the UK is allowing the people who should be subject to criticism and public scrutiny to be the bullies on the playground .
Worse of all , the government might be putting people in danger .
When it becomes too risky to warn the public that what they ’re buying is dangerous , ineffective or just a scam , the quacks , cranks and those who profit from them will get far more victims than they would without a skeptical voice there to do the necessary reality check .
There ’s still hope for Simon Singh ’s case .
He was recently granted the right to appeal a ruling against him and can continue the fight to preserve his reputation , though he ’ll have to spend even more on trying to rebuke the BCA ’s attacks .
However what would really help matters is a change in UK ’s bizarre libel laws to defend the freedom of speech in the media , allow skeptics to take on harmful quackery and pseudoscience without fear of malicious retribution , and make those who use intimidation and this form of indirect censorship to protect their cash flow come up with evidence or stop wasting the courts ’ and the writers ’ time and money .
And as odd as it sounds , you could help in bringing this change around .
Sense About Science , a group dedicated to keep libel laws out of scientific discussions in the UK , is looking for help in its mission .
If you can help them make their case , make a donation , or offer any kind of expert assistance , do it by all means .
Your contribution could make a difference for Singh and any other blogger , writer or academic who wants to inform the public about a case of bad science or potentially dangerous quackery .
Class Notes
PDF Chapters
For a number of semesters now we 've been using a set of on - line notes .
These notes are available to you in three forms : a PDF file of the whole book , individual PDF files of the chapters of the book , or a hard copy of the book so you can avoid having to waste your paper and printer cartridge if you prefer reading from paper .
Links to the individual chapter PDFs are presented below .
To get the hard copy , go to http://www.lulu.com/content/138273.
For a single PDF of the entire book , select the link for " Download Free " from the hard copy page .
If you do not have a copy of the Adobe Acrobat Viewer for PDF files , download the free copy from their web site .
To find the assigned readings for each of these chapters , please go to the syllabus page and scroll down to the course outline .
There you will find the assigned reading from the chapters listed below .
[ News ] [ Syllabus ] [ Notes ] [ Labs ] [ Test aids ] [ D2L Login ] [
Other links ]
As the Obama administration dithers over what to do for the best in Afghanistan , neighbouring Pakistan is paying an increasingly heavy price .
Like a spate of previous Taliban attacks in recent days , today 's mayhem in Lahore underscored fears that the principal consequence of Washington 's Afghan paralysis , albeit unintended , is the further destabilisation of the Pakistani state .
Pakistanis might be forgiven for wondering whether , with friends like these in Washington , who needs enemies ?
The rumbling row over a $ 7.5 bn , five - year US aid package is a case in point .
Imperious conditions attached to the bill by a Congress reluctant to send more unaccounted billions " down a rat hole " , as Democrat Howard Berman charmingly put it , were condemned as insulting and colonialist in Pakistan .
By linking the cash to tighter civilian control of Pakistan 's military , Washington was trying , clumsily , to strengthen Asif Ali Zardari 's government .
But it achieved the exact opposite .
The president was accused of failing to defend the country 's sovereignty , much as he has failed to halt escalating American cross - border air raids , and the occasional covert ground incursion , on targets inside Pakistan .
After hurried consultations in Washington , Shah Mahmood Qureshi , Pakistan 's foreign minister , obtained an " explanatory document " from Congress this week that he said effectively waived some of the bill 's more objectionable caveats .
But this is unlikely to silence critics who draw on deep anti-American sentiment among the Pakistani public dating back to the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan and the launch of George Bush 's " global war on terror " .
" Poll after poll shows Pakistanis increasingly do fear the threat posed by Islamic extremists ... but they believe the US is an even bigger danger to their country , " Bruce Riedel of the Brookings Institution was quoted as saying this week .
Many Pakistanis rated the threat posed by the US to their independence and security above that from historical foe India , he said .
" Any time you out - poll India as the bad guy in Pakistan you are in deep trouble . "
Intense Obama administration pressure on Pakistan to root out the Tehrik - e - Taliban ( Taliban Movement of Pakistan ) , close allies and collaborators of the Afghan Taliban , resulted in this spring 's costly military offensive in Swat , in North West Frontier province , which displaced hundreds of thousands of civilians .
Yet the Swat campaign is likely to be dwarfed by an imminent Pakistani army offensive in South Waziristan , in the ungoverned tribal areas adjacent to Afghanistan .
Although senior Pakistani officials deny they are doing Washington 's bidding , it 's no secret that US commanders are increasingly focused on both sides of Afghanistan 's eastern border with Pakistan , where Taliban militants and their foreign jihadi and al - Qaida allies have staked out common ground ignoring national boundaries .
Pakistan 's Taliban leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , who replaced Baitullah Mehsud after the latter was killed in a US drone missile strike in August , said in a recent video that attacks such as today 's in Lahore would quickly cease if the government stopped behaving like a US lackey and broke its American alliance .
If that happened , Mehsud said he would turn his guns on India , presumably in Kashmir .
To many Pakistanis , that may not sound such a bad idea .
The realisation that Washington is stoking a conflict approaching all - out civil war is gradually dawning in the US .
New York Post columnist Ralph Peters drew a comparison with post- invasion Iraq .
" Civil war never quite happened [ there ] .
Yet no one seems to notice that we 're now caught up in two authentic civil wars – one in Afghanistan , the other in Pakistan , " he said .
By lumping the two together in one " Afpak " policy , the Obama administration had effectively made both problems worse .
Neither extra US troops , nor extra aid , nor more " hugs - not - slugs counterinsurgency nonsense " was the answer , Peters argued .
" The only hope for either beleaguered territory ( these really are territories , not authentic states ) is a decision by its own population to fight and defeat the Taliban . "
The impulse , fanned by this sort of imperial hubris , to get out of Afghanistan , or at least to narrow the fight to a counter - terrorism campaign against al - Qaida , has gathered US adherents in recent months .
But a Washington
Post editorial argued this week that with al - Qaida much reduced , the Taliban in both countries now constituted the main enemy .
Pakistan was moving towards " full - scale war " , it said .
Pulling back in Afghanistan could have disastrous , possibly fatal consequences there , too .
By this measure and others , only one conclusion is possible : Pakistan is already so destabilised by US actions since 9/11 that it can not be left to fend for itself .
In such tortuous logic is found the death of empires .
Nebudroid is an upcoming Android Application thta will allow you to use your Android Phone as NES controller !
It works in several different ways , for example you can actually move it around and rotate / tilt your phone to control it in car / racing games or the screen can light up with buttons as if it were a regular NES remote .
Check out the video to see what I mean :
Pretty neat little app assuming it works as advertised !
Keep in mind that this does n’t work with an actual Nintendo Entertainment System but only NES emulators for your Windows XP / Vista / Win7 Computer and the developer said he will TRY to release a version for Linux and Mac OS X .
Unfortunately NONE of the versions are available now ( unless you donate ) but the actual download page says that it will be available very , very soon .
Using your Android as an NES remote to play Mario 3 on an emulator on your PC .
< Guinness Commercial > Brilliant ! </ Guinness Commercial >
[ Nebudroid via CrunchGear ]
This is the only confirmed photo of Abe Lincoln at Gettysburg , taken about three hours before he gave his address .
Not everyone loved the speech :
Chicago Times :
“ The cheek of every American must tingle with shame as he reads the silly , flat and dishwatery utterances of the man who has to be pointed out to intelligent foreigners as the President of the United States . ”
Harrisburg Patriot and Union : “ We pass over the silly remarks of the President ; for the credit of the nation we are willing that the veil of oblivion shall be dropped over them and that they shall no more be repeated or thought of . ”
London Times : “ Anything more dull and commonplace it would not be easy to produce . ”
Lincoln delivered the 10 - sentence , 3 - minute speech only after a 2 - hour , 13,607 - word oration by former secretary of state Edward Everett .
When Everett sent Lincoln his compliments the next day , the president replied , “ I am pleased to know that , in your judgment , the little I did say was not entirely a failure . ”
Personal Quote :
At the time I did Following ( 1998 ) , I was looking at the American ultra - low - budget model that did n't really exist in the UK .
A low - budget film in England tended to be about £ 500,000 to £ 600,000 .
In America , there was a tradition of guys like Robert Rodriguez and Kevin Smith making films for thousands , and that 's what we'd been doing for short films .
So it was really just a case of using that ...
Channel 4 to screen controversial documentary that asks whether IQ is linked to race
Channel 4 is facing a race controversy after deciding to give a platform to scientists who claim that white people are more intelligent than those who are black .
A documentary , fronted by former BBC News correspondent Rageh Omaar , will interview professors who claim brain power is linked to racial grouping .
It will include claims that the most intelligent people in the world are North - East Asians from parts of China , Japan and North and South Korea .
Taboo : TV presenter Rageh Omaar will discuss James Watson 's infamous assertion that black people are less intelligent than other races
The Australian Aborigines will be said to have the lowest average IQ .
The broadcaster has decided to air the comments , which will be abhorrent to many of its viewers , as part of a series of programmes about race and science , aimed at busting ' science 's last taboo ' .
Bosses at the channel claim the season will strongly challenge these opinions and ' explode ' the myth that science can support ideas of racial superiority .
But the decision to air the issue at all could prove incendiary and is in danger of throwing the channel into another race row .
The broadcaster was inundated with complaints in 2007 after it aired the alleged racist bullying of Shilpa Shetty on Celebrity Big Brother .
To promote the series , Channel 4 has altered photos of Baroness Thatcher , The Beatles , England 's 1966 World Cup winning football team and U.S. President Barack Obama to change their racial appearances .
In Race and Intelligence : Science 's Last Taboo , Omaar talks to academics who believe that aspects of the human brain are linked to race .
He interviews Richard Lynn , emeritus professor at the University of Ulster , who has amassed data which he believes shows there is a global league table of intelligence between the races .
He is seen claiming that ' the top rate ' are North - East Asians who have an average IQ of 105 , followed by North and Central Europeans with a score of 100 .
He claims American Indians have an IQ of 87 , and that sub-Saharan Africans ' pretty well on either side of the equator ' have IQs of around 70 .
He says Aborigines have the lowest scores of around 65 .
He says : ' When sub -Saharan Africans come and live - and even several generations of them come to live - in European or North American countries , their IQs increase because of course their environment is improved , their schooling is better and their nutrition is better .
' But their IQs do n't rise up to the same level as Europeans . '
This picture of Margaret Thatcher outside Downing Street has been mocked up by Channel 4 to make her look mixed - race to promote the broadcaster 's new season of films on race
British - born J Philippe Rushton , a psychology professor at the University of Western Ontario in Canada , is also interviewed .
Professor Rushton claims the differences between black and white and East Asian brains is due to general intelligence .
He says black people have smaller - sized brains than white people and are not as intelligent as white people .
In the programme a range of academics line up to criticise the views of the two men .
Oona King , Channel 4's head of diversity , said the programme will show conclusively ' that you cannot link race to IQ ' .
Miss King , a former Labour MP , added : ' Even people who know the race agenda inside out will learn a lot from these programmes . '
She called for a ' heated debate ' about race , saying : ' This series will change the terms of the debate . '
Dr Watson sparked controversy in 2007 after claiming in a newspaper interview that black people were less intelligent .
His views prompted London 's Science Museum to scrap a planned talk by him , saying the opinions went ' beyond the point of acceptable debate ' .
The 79 - year - old American geneticist - who does not appear in the show - said he was ' inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa ' because ' all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours - whereas all the testing says not really ' .
Oona King has called for a ' heated debate ' on race
He added that he hoped that everyone was equal , but then alleged that ' people who have to deal with black employees find this not true ' .
In the interview he claimed genes responsible for creating differences in human intelligence could be found within a decade .
Dr Watson was hailed as achieving one of the greatest single scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he worked at Cambridge in the 1950s and 1960s , forming part of the team which discovered the structure of DNA .
He has been director of the Cold Spring Harbour Laboratory on Long Island , in the U.S. , a world leader in research into cancer and genetics , for 50 years .
Dr Watson has been at the heart of several scientific furores over the years .
He once reportedly said that a woman should have the right to abort her unborn child if tests could determine it would be homosexual .
He has suggested a link between skin colour and sex drive , proposing a theory that black people have higher libidos .
And he also claimed that beauty could be genetically manufactured , saying : ' People say it would be terrible if we made all girls pretty .
I think it would be great . '
Channel 4 's Aarathi Prasad will explore whether being mixed - race has biological advantages
In his book , Avoid Boring People : Lessons from a Life in Science , he writes that ' there is no firm reason to anticipate that the intellectual capacities of peoples geographically separated in their evolution should prove to have evolved identically .
' Our wanting to reserve equal powers of reason as some universal heritage of humanity will not be enough to make it so ' .
Oona King , Channel 4's head of diversity , said the programme shows conclusively ' that you cannot link race to IQ ' .
Omaar also said in a clip of the show that views society found offensive ' are not defeated by being ignored ' .
Ota Benga was put on display in zoos in 1904 and described as the ' missing link '
King was asked about Strictly host Bruce Forsyth 's views that the nation should treat Anton Du Beke 's ' slip up ' of calling his dance partner Laila Rouass a ' Paki ' more light - heartedly .
The diversity boss said that when Forsyth was growing up , people believed that race was an indicator of intelligence .
Speaking generally , King said : ' What 's surprising is how those views directly impact us today and how those views persist . '
She continued : ' Sweeping racist views and opinions under the carpet will not make those views go away . '
Asked whether Forsyth had a place on television , she said : ' I think of my white grandmother when I think of Bruce Forsyth . '
She said her grandmother was a ' very , very lovely woman ' who was upset about her family members being ' half - caste ' and had to deal with her world being turned on its head .
She said : ' My view is that we need to open up the terms of the debate , not close it down .
I think there 's room for people questioning people 's responses to the debate .
' The key for me is that when people say : ' You do n't have a sense of humour ' , they 're not taking the context into account .
' The context for a black child being bullied day - in , day - out is entirely different from an off - the - cuff remark about ' limeys ' . '
King also spoke of her own experiences as a child , when her ' black , 6ft 2ins dad ' arrived to pick her up from primary school in front of four white girls .
' The four of them burst into tears and started crying because they were terrorised by this black man , ' she said .
She called for a ' heated debate ' about race , saying : ' This series will change the terms of the debate . '
Other films in the series will be presented by BBC presenter Krishnan Guru - Murthy alongside Channel 4's Aarathi Prasad .
A two - part documentary , Plastic Surgery and Race , will look at how Michael Jackson ’s face changed over the years and will speak to six people who want to ‘ westernise ’ their bodies and faces .
The Event : How Racist Are You ? , will see a former US schoolteacher Jane Elliott recreate a controversial exercise she first tried 40 years ago to teach nine - year - olds about prejudice .
Presented by Krishnan Guru- Murthy , the experiment will ask 30 British adults to experience what it is like to be discriminated against based on the colour of their eyes .
The Human Zoo : Science ’s Dirty Secret will tell the poignant story of Ota Benga , a Batwa pygmy from the Belgian Congo , who was first put on display at the 1904 St Louis World ’s Fair and then the Bronx Zoo where he was labelled as the ' missing link ' .
The final film , Is It Better to be Mixed Race ?
will ask whether there could be biological advantages to have parents of different races .
A Channel 4 spokesperson said : ' This new season of programmes sets out to explode some of the myths about race and science and to cast light on the history and consequences of scientific racism .
' The Season debunks the myths about science and race – science has been misused to legitimise racist beliefs and practices – these programmes are the antidote to that .
' Season roundly dismisses the ideas : that race is a predictor of intelligence ; that racial purity has scientific benefits and that any one race is superior to another . '
The season was commissioned by C4 science commissioning editor David Glover and will run for two weeks from 26th October , starting with Race and Intelligence : Science 's Last Taboo .
EXCLUSIVE :
Employee misconduct investigations , often involving workers accessing pornography from their government computers , grew sixfold last year inside the taxpayer - funded foundation that doles out billions of dollars of scientific research grants , according to budget documents and other records obtained by The Washington Times .
The problems at the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) were so pervasive they swamped the agency ’s inspector general and forced the internal watchdog to cut back on its primary mission of investigating grant fraud and recovering misspent tax dollars .
“ To manage this dramatic increase without an increase in staff required us to significantly reduce our efforts to investigate grant fraud , ” the inspector general recently told Congress in a budget request .
“ We anticipate a significant decline in investigative recoveries and prosecutions in coming years as a direct result . ”
The budget request does n’t state the nature or number of the misconduct cases , but records obtained by The Times through the Freedom of Information
Act laid bare the extent of the well - publicized porn problem inside the government - backed foundation .
For instance , one senior executive spent at least 331 days looking at pornography on his government computer and chatting online with nude or partially clad women without being detected , the records show .
When finally caught , the NSF official retired .
He even offered , among other explanations , a humanitarian defense , suggesting that he frequented the porn sites to provide a living to the poor overseas women .
Investigators put the cost to taxpayers of the senior official ’s porn surfing at between $ 13,800 and about $ 58,000 .
“ He explained that these young women are from poor countries and need to make money to help their parents and this site helps them do that , ” investigators wrote in a memo .
The independent foundation , funded by taxpayers to the tune of $ 6 billion in 2008 , is tasked with handing out scientific grants to colleges , universities and research institutions nationwide .
The projects it funds ranges from mapping the genome of the potato to exploring outer space with powerful new telescopes .
It has a total of 1,200 career employees .
Recent budget documents for the inspector general cite a “ 6 - fold increase in employee misconduct cases and associated proactive management implication report activities . ”
The document does n’t say how many cases were involved in the increase , and officials could not immediately provide a figure .
Documents obtained by The Times through an open records request show the foundation ’s inspector general closed 10 employee misconduct investigations last year , up from just three in 2006 .
There were seven cases in 2007 .
Of the 10 cases closed last year , seven involved online pornography , records show .
However , those figures do n’t include pending cases .
Leslie Paige , a spokeswoman for the nonpartisan watchdog Citizens Against Government Waste , called the situation “ inexcusable . ”
“ What kind of oversight is there when they have to shift people from looking at grant fraud to watch for people looking at pornography ? ” she said .
Foundation spokeswoman Dana Topousis said officials have enacted more rigorous computer training and tightened controls to filter out inappropriate Internet addresses from the sites employees can access from their work computers .
Deputy Inspector General Tim Cross said despite the office ’s budget request , the foundation appears to have fixed the systematic problems that allowed workers to look at pornography on the job .
He said the office ’s 2010 budget request was written well in advance and that , at the time , “ we were consumed with a lot of these cases . ”
“ The agency has done a lot to address the underlying issues in terms of getting out the message it ’s not to be done and making technological changes , ” he said .
The foundation ’s inspector general uncovers scientific misconduct that can force the return of misused grant money to the government but told Congress it was diverted from that mission by the porn cases .
The office was unable to immediately provide an estimate of how much money the projected decline in investigative recoveries will cost taxpayers .
According to congressional reports , overall investigative recoveries by the watchdog agency totaled more than $ 2 million for the year ending March 31 .
The pornography problem came to light earlier this year , when the inspector general ’s office published short summaries of several recent cases in a semiannual report to Congress .
The report caught the attention of Sen. Charles E. Grassley of Iowa , ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , who launched an inquiry that generated unwanted media attention on the online activities of employees at the foundation .
The newly obtained documents provide fresh evidence that the problem was n’t just an embarrassment :
It was expensive and often went undetected for long periods of time .
The names of all of the employees targeted in the pornography cases were redacted from the more than 120 pages of investigative documents released to The Times .
Names were withheld because none of the employees was subject to criminal prosecution , recent civil court action or debarment .
The documents do n’t include cases that the foundation examined internally without the inspector general ’s involvement .
“ The employees who were investigated were disciplined in one way or another , ” Ms. Topousis said , adding that she could not comment on individual disciplinary actions .
One foundation employee paid an unspecified sum last year after investigators found that during a three - week period in June 2008 , the worker perused hundreds of pornographic Web sites during work hours .
That employee received a 10 - day suspension .
In an official notice of the decision , the foundation called the conduct “ unprofessional and unacceptable , ” but also noted the employee ’s work history and lack of any previous disciplinary actions .
As for the unnamed “ senior executive ” who spent at least 331 days looking at pornography at work , investigators said his proclivity for pornography was common knowledge among several co-workers .
“ At the same time , employees were generally reluctant to make any official report or complaint because the misconduct involved a senior staff member and employees feared that they would suffer in some form of complaining , ” the investigators later wrote in a summary of the case .
Another employee in a different case was caught with hundreds of pictures , videos and even PowerPoint slide shows containing pornography .
Asked by an investigator whether he had completed any government work on a day when a significant amount of pornography was downloaded , the employee responded , “ Um , I ca n’t remember , ” according to records .
The employee also said that friends sent him the pornographic files , that he never planned on viewing them and that he never got around to deleting the files , a claim one official later called “ simply not believable . ”
Suspended for 10 days , the employee unsuccessfully appealed the decision after arguing that it was too harsh .
Other employees were terminated .
Another employee who stored nude images of herself on her computer told investigators she mistakenly had downloaded the pictures .
She received counseling and was told to adhere to the foundation ’s policies on computer use .
The foundation is hardly the only government agency to be embarrassed by disclosures about employees looking at pornography at work .
The inspector general for the Securities and Exchange Commission noted in a report last fall that it had recently conducted three investigations into employees who misused government computers to view pornography .
At the time of the report , one employee had been fired and another suspended , while disciplinary action against a third was pending .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Junk DNA posts
Quotes of interest series Junk DNA and selfish DNA 1970s edition Ohno ( 1973 ) and discussion 1980s edition ( part one ) 1980s edition ( part two ) Long neglected ...
Nobel Prize special edition Science news stories Satellite DNA Satellite DNA in the news Pseudogene SINEs and LINEs Alu Alu again ERVs Beware single citations and non-citations More junk DNA posts
The onion test Does junk DNA protect against mutation ?
The junk DNA myth explained
The junk DNA myth strikes again A few more quotes about non-coding DNA Non-functional DNA : non-functional vs. inconsequential Non-functional DNA : quantity Non-functional DNA : the burden of proof MASHing junk DNA Dog`s Ass Plots ( DAPs ) " Fx of Junk DNA " or " Mondo hackitude - o - rama " Junk DNA and ID redux Junk DNA : let me say it one more time Ultraconserved non-coding regions ...
Inter - lineage selection versus " just in case " " Because " versus " so that " Function , non-function , some function : a brief history of junk DNA A word about " junk DNA "
PADANG , Indonesia --
Many of the deaths from Asia 's latest run of storms and earthquakes could have been prevented with measures such as better emergency planning and enforcement of building codes , disaster - management officials and architects say .
The official death toll in the 7.6 - magnitude earthquake that struck Indonesia last week remained over 600 , with more than 300 missing , for a second day Monday , with the death toll expected to climb as more bodies are found .
Emergency teams wrapped up their efforts to locate victims ...
Pictured :
The woman who had to go under the knife - after swallowing an entire canteen of cutlery
Margaret Daalman came to hospital complaining of stomach ache - and one glance at her X - ray shows why .
Surgeons in Rotterdam in the Netherlands were flabbergasted when X - rays showed 78 different items of cutlery in the 52 - year - old woman 's stomach .
They rushed her to surgery in a desperate attempt to remove the dozens of forks and spoons trapped inside her body one by one .
Astonishing X-ray :
It looks a bit like a squid , but this image actually shows the 78 spoons and forks swallowed by a Dutch woman , collected into a lump inside her body
Removed - and cleaned - the 78 forks and spoons that surgeons found inside the woman 's body
The surgeons had to remove the pieces of cutlery one by one
' She seems to have been suffering from some sort of obsession and every time she sat down for a meal she would ignore the food and eat the cutlery , ' said one medic .
The astonishing images were actually taken over 30 years ago - but they were published for the first time this week in a Dutch medical magazine .
The magazine had asked for readers to send in examples of strange medical tales .
A doctor at a hospital in Sittard in the Netherlands sent in the tale of Ms Daalman .
When she went in for her surgery , Ms Daalman , a secretary in a local estate agents , told doctors : ' I do n't know why but I felt an urge to eat the silverware - I could not help myself . '
Medics also revealed it was not the first time that she had been treated for eating the cutlery .
They said she had been diagnosed as suffering from a borderline personality disorder that left her with an urge to eat forks and spoons .
She never ate knives , however - and could not explain why not .
Ms Daalman made a full recovery and is said to be responding well to therapy she was receiving for the disorder .
The ingestion of foreign objects is a little - discussed type of disorder , according to an article in Pyschiatry Online .
Sometimes referred to as pica , individuals may crave and ingest non-food substances or an unusual quantity or selection of food commodities .
The phenomenon , considered a form of self - harm , is difficult for physicians to diagnose as - unlike with self - harming patients who burn or mutilate themselves - the damage is not always obvious .
It is also nearly impossible to prevent access to all potentially ingestible objects , the article added , making the behaviour difficult to stop without psychiatric treatment .
CONRAD’S MESSAGE TO THE LEFT ….
Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , the Senate Budget Committee chairman and a member of the unsuccessful Gang of Six effort , raised a few eyebrows this week with a message for his “ progressive friends . ”
Conrad , a consistent opponent of the public option , wanted liberals to know “ government - run programs ” are n’t necessary to lower costs and expand access .
He explained that he ’d finished reading T.R. Reid ’s “ The Healing of America ” over the weekend , and learned Germany , Japan , Switzerland , France , and Belgium are doing just fine .
“ [ A]ll of them contain costs , have universal coverage , have very high quality care and yet are not government - run systems , ” Conrad said .
It was an odd thing to say , and reflects some important confusion about these international systems .
As Ezra Klein explained , “ In France , for instance , the government provides all basic insurance coverage directly .
In Germany , insurers are n’t permitted to make a profit .
In Japan , health insurance is publicly provided , and private insurance is available only to ease co-payments or cover services that the government leaves out . ”
Zaid Jilani added , “ France has had a public insurance system that covers all of its citizens since 1945 .
Known as Securite Sociale ( social security ) , their public insurance program accounts for nearly 75 percent of total health expenditures in France , and people have the option of buying complementary private health insurance if they ’d like .
In its most recent ranking of health care systems , the World Health Organization concluded that France has the best health care system in the world . ”
Matt Yglesias noted that in Germany , consumers are required to purchase coverage from one of many non-profit “ sickness funds ” that are regulated by the government .
“ It ’s true that this meets a technical definition of ‘ not government - run . ' ”
Matt explained .
“ But the extent to which the Germany system is n’t government run does n’t extend to dealing with any of the concerns of private industry .
Which is fine by me , but nothing in Conrad ’s talk of co-ops and such has suggested that he ’s serious trying to put for - profit health insurance out of business , which is exactly what the German model does . ”
But I think Kevin Drum was perhaps the most succinct in summarizing the problem with the senator ’s remarks .
This has been sort of rattling around in my head ever since I saw it , but I could n’t quite put my finger on what I wanted to say about it .
But then I figured it out : it ’s completely , 100 % batshit crazy .
I mean , is this actually breaking news to Conrad after ( excuse me a moment while I google ) 22 years in the Senate ?
WTF ?
Believe me : Conrad ’s “ progressive friends ” would be punch drunk with ecstasy if the United States adopted the healthcare system of ( take your pick ) Japan , France or Germany .
It would be beyond our wildest dreams .
Does Conrad really not know this ?
Did he only find out this weekend that those other countries have terrific healthcare systems that contain costs , provide universal coverage , and boast very high - quality care ?
Conrad ’s efforts to impress the blogosphere will have to wait for another day .
Doctor Who Review : First Doctor & Saucer Dalek
| By
I was going to start GI Joe week this Friday , but I ’ve decided to push the official start of Joe week off to Monday to coincide with the fact that GI Joe the movie opens next Friday .
What prompted this little time shift ?
Doctor
Who of course !
We here at Infinite Hollywood simply love the good Doctor and can’t help but review the figures from Character Options when we get them .
In fact back in March we dedicated the whole month to Who and since I have n’t gotten a single new Who since then , I figured now that I had some new Whos , I ’d give them a go .
Today I ’m reviewing the First Doctor , because what better place to start then at the beginning , eh ? The First Doctor was portrayed by William Hartnell way back in 1963 .
Back then he was n’t the “ first ” Doctor , he simply was THE DOCTOR !
In fact fans of Doctor Who back in the early 1960 ’s probably had no idea that the Doctor Who program would still be on the air 40 + years later and they definitely could n’t have known that we’d be nearing the eleventh version of the character .
The Doctor arrives in his TARDIS fresh from SDCC 2009 !
You see what makes the character so unique is that the Doctor can regenerate into a new form ( and actor ) if he ’s nearing his death .
It ’s a special thing that Time Lords can do to cheat death .
That ’s part of what makes getting this figure so special .
It ’s not like getting an Adam West version of Batman , for all intensive purposes this is the same man that David Tennant plays now .
This is the same guy as Tom Baker or even , gasp , Sylvester McCoy .
But sci - fi fans back then had no idea the Doctor could change until he did it and became the second Doctor in 1966 …
But that ’s tomorrow ’s review so let ’s stick with the first guy , shall we ?
Packaging :
I mentioned in plenty of my Doctor Who reviews back in March how incredible the packaging to the Doctor Who figures are .
The Doctor Who Classics packaging is n’t as fancy as the regular figures , but the incredible part is n’t so much the design but how versatile it is .
As an example , the First Doctor here comes packaged with a Dalek so his bubble is twice the size of the Second Doctor ’s package .
It ’s sort of strange to see a company like Character Options adjust the size of their bubbles as need be while for years we ’ve heard Hasbro and Mattel complain that they ca n’t make “ giant ” figures because they need them to fit on the card .
Apparently Character Options does n’t subscribe to that philosophy .
The package itself is a typical clamshell , but it is fairly attractive .
A nice feature here is that there were two versions of this figure , a regular color version ( the one I ’m reviewing ) and a black and white version .
Both were exclusive to San Diego Comic Con and both include a SDCC sticker with number …
But the cool part is that the packages are also variants with the color version having color photos and the black and white having monochrome different pictures .
The back of the package gives a great little bio of both the Doctor and the Saucer Command Dalek ( since this is a 2 pack even if the First Doctor is the star ) as well as pictures of both .
That ’s the one area I ’ve criticized the packages in the past is that they did n’t give bios , but this one does .
Kudos to that .
If you ’re interested in what number I have , it ’s # 123 which is pretty low .
Out of a possible 3,000 worldwide .
Once you crack the clamshell open ( I recommend cutting 3 sides so it opens like a book ) you ’ll find a standard inner shell with quite a few twist ties and tape holding the figures in .
Be careful getting the Dalek out because he has both his eye stalk and plunger arm taped in .
The Doctor has several twist ties holding him in but CO deserves a lot of credit because I ’ve never had one twisted too tight or twisted to the point where I had to cut it .
It ’s a hassle to get through all the twist ties , but they ’re some of the best put on in the business .
Articulation :
William Hartnell spent most of his early life as a circus acrobat and actually trained Bruce Lee in several styles of martial arts , so it ’s an absolute must that his figure have no less that 45 points of articulation .
I believe it was the fourth episode of the series in which he did a triple backflip off the TARDIS killing a Cyberman …
Ah wait , none of that is true .
The truth of the matter is that Hartnell ’s First Doctor was the most frail of any of the incarnations of the character .
I have no idea how old Hartnell was when he started the series but he looked 65ish , which ca n’t be true since he was only 67 when he died .
Needless to say he looked OLD .
He even walked with a cane , so articulation is n’t exactly something that needed to be loaded down on this figure .
That said , Character Options has really upped their articulation in recent years and Hartnell can bend and twist in places that the real one likely never could .
At least not while he played out hero from Gallifrey .
The Doctor has a cut neck , cut shoulders , upper arm swivel , wrist swivel , waist swivel , Who Crotch ® ( Similar to a DCUC figure ) , thigh swivels , hinge joint elbows and knees .
That ’s more than enough points of articulation to get this figure into any position he ever did in the show .
For what it ’s worth , Hartnell was surprisingly spry at times during the original broadcasts so he can definitely put those points of articulation to use if you want him to .
No Who Crotch® for the Dalek though .
The Dalek has all the same basic points of articulation for a Dalek , which is wheels in the back , rotating front wheel , an eye stalk that can move up and down , a cut head and ball jointed arms .
I ’ve heard some people complain that the arms do n’t move because of the paint ( which has been an issue with the classic Daleks ) but mine move just fine .
However if they do stick on you as my original batch of classic Daleks did , remove the arms and stick a small paintbrush end or a drill bit ( NOT THE JAGGED END ) into the hole and jimmy it around until it frees up .
Sculpt :
What a beautiful sculpt this turned out to be .
I do n’t know if it ’s perfect , but it ’s damn sure close .
It really captures the likeness of William Hartnell .
My GF thinks the first Doctor looks a bit creepy and if that ’s the case , she confirms this figure is creepy too .
Hartnell did have a bit of a ghastly appearance to him and that definitely shows through .
The face likeness is quite good with subtle wrinkles throughout and the Doctor ’s patented half smile , half sneer on his face .
Creepiness in tact !
The rest of the sculpt is as equally impressive with seemingly a whole new body .
If there is some reuse here it ’s worked in well .
Perhaps my favorite part is that his ring is sculpted on the right hand .
When I first saw pictures of him I was a bit bummed that he did n’t have his ring and figured they just reused some previous hands , but nope he has his ring on his right and also one on his left .
INCREDIBLE !
His coat , pants and vest are all nicely done .
He even has his necklace monocle deal .
Even the shoes have a nice design to them .
Top to bottom you can tell a lot of love and care was put into designing this figure .
Something I notice a lot with the Character Options toys .
It ’s pretty rare to see them take any shortcuts and so many American toy companies could learn a thing or two from these guys .
Paint wise he ’s very well done too .
The only area where the paint suffers is on the face , where he does appear to be sort of Turner colorized .
It certainly does n’t look too bad and they have a ton of subtle details such as around the eyes to really give him that sickly First Doctor look , but that is probably the only area where it ’s not five star .
Of course Hartnell only appeared in color in the Three Doctors special in which he was so ill he spent the entire show trapped in a little triangle cube .
So they did n’t have a lot of color footage to work off of .
Scale on these is pretty good though not 100 % accurate .
He ’s shorter than the younger Doctors as he should be , but he ’s not in perfect scale .
For action figure scale though , he ’s fairly spot on .
I should also mention that Richard Hurndall did a great stint as the first Doctor during the special The Five Doctors and this figure could just as easily be him as well .
The two actors looked a lot alike .
The Dalek is a Dalek .
The likenesses on these guys are superb .
This is the Saucer Command Dalek , known for the little saucer on his back .
Some folks have had enough Daleks , but I never get tired of them .
Comparing him to the other classic
Daleks he ’s definitely quite different looking even without focusing on the saucer on his back .
Dalek Butt …
My Dalek has a tad bit of slop on his paint , but that ’s strictly on his blue balls ( there are no lady Daleks ) .
Those little orbs are probably hard to paint for man or machine .
The rest of his paint is very nice and even those errors are few and far between .
I have heard a handful of grumbling about them , so it ’s something to watch for .
Of course no one is buying this set for the Dalek anyway , so it ’s probably a moot point .
Accessories :
Daleks do n’t need accessories so naturally the Saucer Command version does n’t include one .
The good Doctor does come with his cane though .
I ’m not sure they could have packed him with anything else anyway .
I do n’t believe he ever used any other real trinkets and gizmos as some of the later Doctors have .
Additional Notes :
I realize some people may wonder what the big deal is about this figure of an old dude , but it ’s really pretty special .
Consider this , Hartnell was dead by 1975 .
His appearances on the show although many , were over by 1966 .
A lot of time has passed and this guy never got his crack at action figure fame .
Getting a truly great figure of the First Doctor is literally over 40 years in the making .
He ’s never had another action figure and he deserves it .
The First Doctors meet ?
Thankfully Character Options did Hartnell proud with this one .
Despite it ’s limited availability it ’s a simple must have for Doctor Who enthusiasts .
Hartnell ’s version of the Doctor is rarely on anyone ’s top lists , but he was the first and no one can ever be another first .
Value :
I paid $ 35 for this set , although they retailed for around $ 40 .
I suspect you ’ll find them in the $ 40 - $ 50 range for some time if you act now .
That ’s certainly not a great value at all .
However there are a few things to consider .
This is n’t a Ben 10 figure .
This is an old geezer from 40 some odd years ago .
It ’d be like getting a Petticoat Junction figure now .
The demand simply is n’t as great as Twilight figures , so these are made on a limited run .
For that aspect , the value is n’t so bad .
Plus CO made this a two pack , including a brand new exclusive Dalek .
Even if most of us have plenty of Daleks , you ca n’t knock them for giving us a little more bang for our buck .
So a near perfect 5 inch figure of a rare character is definitely worth quite a bit .
Considering Hasbro charged $ 25 for it ’s GI Joe two pack , I think this is a solid value .
I pay about $ 12 - $ 14 for most new Who figures anyway , so with the limited run factored in this is a fair price .
Obviously the whole line could n’t cost this much , but for these exclusives I ’m giving them a break .
Score Recap :
Packaging – 7
Sculpting – 8
Articulation – 8
Accessories – Cane
Value – 8
Overall – 8 out of 10
It ’s the First Doctor !
Without him there is no Doctor Who .
So you have to give credit where it ’s due .
Doctor
Who begins with this man .
You need him .
This is n’t a phoned in figure .
It ’s one of Character Options best .
Major kudos needs to be given to Character Options and Underground Toys for making this guy at all .
Someone changed the TARDIS desktop !
We ’ve got Doctor Who lined up all weekend , with the Second Doctor tomorrow and the exclusive version of the Sixth Doctor on Sunday .
It ’s a full weekend of SDCC Doctor Who fun !
Plus next week starts GI Joe week !
So come here every day !
Tell your friends !
If you enjoyed this review please click below and Digg it , and leave a comment !
OK , listen up folks .
My name is Edgar , and I 'm really pissed , and I figured it was time for me to get something down on paper .
You can call this my manifesto if you want - it's my attempt to change what 's going on here .
I 'm sick and tired of seeing this country hell - bent on the road to oblivion .
Nothing 's working right any more , and those lily - livered liberals are determined to make things even worse .
Socialism ?
Hell , communism is more like it !
The worst is that nobody 's even figured out what the problems is .
So that 's what I 'm here to tell you about .
Lack of corporal punishment , that 's the problem .
Most kids nowadays do n't even know what a good beating is !
Now I know what I 'm talking about , so let me tell you , if you have n't had a childhood where you never knew if you 'd make it through the day without ending up with a minor injury , then you have n't been properly prepared for adult life ; it 's as simple as that .
OK , I 'm not completely alone on this .
James Dobson , for example , he was on the right track with his books .
But in my opinion James Dobson is a wuss .
He wrote , " It is not necessary to beat the child into submission ; a little bit of pain goes a long way for a young child . "
Yeah , right , but if a " little bit of pain " is good , then what 's the problem ?
Why not give the kids what they really need to prepare them for a tough life ?
Now I do n't want to boast , but like I said , I know what I 'm talking about .
I was easily the kid who was beaten most often and most harshly of all the kids in my school .
That 's what makes it possible for me to understand what 's wrong with liberals , with their squishy - soft talk of brotherly love and world - wide peace .
God , they make me sick .
Speaking of God , there 's the ultimate example of " tough love " :
Nail your kid to a cross , how 's that for corporal punishment !
Like it says in the Bible , " suffer the little children " - that 's what it 's all about .
That 's what my daddy taught me , and that 's what I 'm teaching my kids .
I hope you 're beginning to see what I 'm driving at .
Barack Obama , for example :
No father to discipline him , and a wishy - washy mother who believed that people are fundamentally good .
What a laugh .
Obama was probably never beaten as a kid , and now he 's supposed to be commander - in - chief for the free world !
You expect this guy to be able to give orders resulting in people getting killed , people getting maimed , people needing to be tortured , and him lacking the proper psychological conditioning from childhood ?
No way !
My point is quite simple .
The thing that makes most of us out here on the so - called right wing so well - qualified to understand what 's wrong with society is a childhood with lots and lots of corporal punishment .
That 's why we can see the difference between right and wrong , something the liberals are totally unable to do .
Now , I called this thing my manifesto , and a good manifesto needs some action points , so here goes :
Mandatory corporal punishment for all children .
If the parents can't do it , then the schools and the church have to step up to the plate .
What 's needed is a " Sparta mentality " to get us back on the right track .
Compulsory military service for all young men , and a national policy that dictates that there must always be at least three small wars or one large war being fought .
Psychological testing to ensure that those who run for elected office have the proper attitudes towards their constituents and towards people in general .
No peace - loving , dope - smoking , live - and - let - live radicals allowed .
That 's all it would take to get us back on the right track , and make this country great once again .
And most important of all , that 's what God wants .
Peter Seibel 's book Coders at Work is apparently available for purchase , so this is a good time to say a few words about it here .
The book consists of interviews with several illustrious programmers about their personal histories , programming style , likes and dislikes and so on .
Among the interviewees are several who are well known in programming language circles and are mentioned regularly on LtU , for example Brendan Eich , Joe Armstrong , Simon Peyton Jones , Peter Norvig , Guy Steele , Dan Ingalls , and Ken Thompson .
The interviews go into more detail and depth than I dared hoped for or expected , though as is inevitable you end up annoyed that a question you really wanted answered did not come up .
I am sure LtU readers will want to read these interviews for themselves and revel in the technical miscellanea ( I read them on a long flight from the US to Australia ... ) , so I am not going to post a detailed review with spoilers .
It would be more fun to hear the questions you guys would have asked had you conducted the interviews ( and to know which answers you want to quibble with ! )
So in lieu of a long and tedious review , here are a few LtU - worthy things that caught my attention in a couple of the interviews that I think will interest LtU members .
For some reason I started by jumping to the interview with Dan Ingalls .
It turned out to contain many nice morsels to chew on .
Dan emphasizes an attribute that might be called programmability all the way down ( he is a Smalltalk guy , so that 's not such a surprise , I guess ) :
" You should be able , in a computing environment , to zero in on music and musical synthesis and sound and just understand how the whole thing works .
It should be accessible .
The same thing with graphics . "
Not surprisingly , Ingalls admits to having an exploratory programing style ( in contrast to Knuth who wrote TeX in a notebook ... ) , which probably influenced the types of language he found himself working on .
This seems to be the case for several other interviewees as well .
Interestingly , Ingalls recalls being influenced by APL .
The interactive environment was part of it , but significantly he also mentions the influence on him of the fact that it is expression oriented and not statement oriented like Fortran .
And oh , Ingalls also opines on the age old question : should programmer education begin with assembly .
His answer : No .
As you would expect , other interviewees probably feel differently .
The interview with Knuth is also very interesting , as you might expect .
Here are a few of the things I picked up on in his interview .
From his description , it would seem that Knuth was doing his own style of test driven development , though for some reason this angle is not elaborated on in the interview .
While Ingalls ponders how to expose kids ( and adults ) to programming , and Norvig reflects on the failures of end - user programming , Knuth recites his observation that 2 % of people are natural born programmers ( my words ) since they " really resonate with the machine . "
Perhaps surprisingly Knuth is here concerned with being attuned to the way the machine " really works , " not to algorithmic thinking in a general sense .
Perhaps , I wonder , what really unites programmers is a compulsion to program : Knuth admits to having the need to program even before having breakfast .
Knuth has a challenge to programming language designers .
He claims that every time a new language comes out it cleans up what 's already understood , and then adds something new and experimental .
How about " setting our sights lower " and aiming for stability .
" It might be a good idea , " he says .
I am pretty sure some here will argue that we have too much lowering of expectations already ...
What really resonated with me , and with the LtU ethos , was Knuth lament about people not going back to the original papers and source materials .
He puts it simply and powerfully : " I wish I could ... instill in more people the love that I have for reading original sources ...
I was unable to pass that on to any of my students . "
LtU always had a history department , and going back to historical papers is something I personally love doing .
Maybe Knuth should guest blog on LtU ... Really !
He talks about having collections of source code , compilers in particular - we want to know more !
Finally , let me note the nice contrasts you find among the interviewees .
Naturally , these manifest themselves in differing opinions about C. While Knuth sees the C pointer as one of the great advances in computer science , Fran Allen argues that " C has destroyed our ability to advance the state of the art in automatic optimization , automatic parallelization , automatic mapping of a high - level language to the machine . "
And if that 's not a call to action to all you programming language fanatics , what is ?
Canada is protecting the drugmaker of swine flu vaccine from lawsuits over potential side effects , Canada 's top doctor has confirmed .
Dr. David Butler - Jones told a media teleconference Wednesday that Canada will shield GalxoSmithKline in the unlikely event there are problems with the vaccine , but it will not shield health practitioners who make mistakes in administering the shot .
" We 're not obviously anticipating problems with it , but indemnification for a vaccine is important if someone does malpractice , basically injects someone the wrong way or causes harm because of their practice , " he said .
" That 's not a vaccine issue , it 's a practice issue , " he added .
The Public Health Agency of Canada had initially refused to say if Canada would shield drugmakers the way other G - 8 governments have done .
By David Shukman
Science and environment correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Arctic Ocean could be largely ice - free and open to shipping during the summer in as little as ten years ' time , a top polar specialist has said .
" It 's like man is taking the lid off the northern part of the planet , " said Professor Peter Wadhams , from the University of Cambridge .
Professor Wadhams has been studying the Arctic ice since the 1960s .
He was speaking in central London at the launch of the findings of the Catlin Arctic Survey .
The expedition trekked across 435 km of ice earlier this year .
Led by explorer Pen Hadow , the team 's measurements found that the ice - floes were on average 1.8 m thick - typical of so - called " first year " ice formed during the past winter and most vulnerable to melting .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The survey route - to the north of Canada - had been expected to cross areas of older " multi- year " ice which is thicker and more resilient .
When the ridges of ice between floes are included , the expedition found an average thickness of 4.8 m .
Professor Wadhams said : " The Catlin Arctic Survey data supports the new consensus view - based on seasonal variation of ice extent and thickness , changes in temperatures , winds and especially ice composition - that the Arctic will be ice - free in summer within about 20 years , and that much of the decrease will be happening within 10 years .
Arctic ice in retreat 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
" That means you 'll be able to treat the Arctic as if it were essentially an open sea in the summer and have transport across the Arctic Ocean . "
According to Professor Wadhams , faster shipping and easier access to oil and gas reserves were among short - term benefits of the melting .
But in the longer - term , losing a permanent feature of the planet risked accelerated warming , changing patterns of circulation in the oceans and atmosphere , and having unknown effects on ecosystems through the acidification of waters .
Pen Hadow and his companions
Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley endured ferocious weather - including a wind chill of minus 70 - delayed resupply flights and starvation rations during the expedition from 1 March to 7 May .
When I met them on the ice , as part of a BBC team that joined the pick - up flight , all three had lost weight and were evidently tired from the ordeal .
The expedition had been blighted by equipment failures .
A pioneering radar system , designed to measure the ice while being dragged over the ice , broke down within days .
Another device to measure the water beneath the ice never functioned at all .
A planet transformed
The technical breakdowns forced the team to rely on hand - drilling through the ice which slowed progress and meant the team 's planned destination of the North Pole had to be abandoned .
Pen Hadow admitted that the expedition had not led to " a giant leap forward in understanding " but had been useful as an incremental step in the science of answering the key questions about the Arctic .
Dogs can swim but they can't tow a sled through water which is what 's needed now
Pen Hadow
His view was backed by Professor Wadhams who said the expedition had provided information about the ice that was not available from satellites and that no submarines had been available to science at that time either .
Pen Hadow said he was shocked by the image of how " in my lifetime we 're looking at changing how the planet looks from space . "
He also described how polar explorers were having to change their methods from the days when sledges could be pulled by dogs over the ice .
" Dogs can swim but they can't tow a sledge through water which is what 's needed now . "
" Now we have to wear immersion suits and swim and we need sledges that can float .
I can foresee needing sledges that are more like canoes that you also pull over the ice . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here 's something of mine that might actually be useful : a Python implementation of the K - means clustering algorithm .
I wrote something similar last year in Java for a school project , and decided to rewrite it in Python this summer for practice .
The purpose of the algorithm is to discover internal structure in some set of data points - you supply the points and the number of clusters you expect to get , and the algorithm returns the same points , organized into clusters by proximity .
Once you have the clusters , you can get their sample means , their variances , do a bunch of statistics , etc .
This approach has become very popular among the bioinformatics crowd , and especially among analysts of gene expression ( microarray ) data .
The central idea behind K- means is the manipulation of things called " centroids . "
A centroid is an imaginary point specific to a cluster of points .
It is an average point - that is , if you took all the points in the cluster , and averaged their coordinates , you 'd have the centroid .
K-means starts by creating singleton clusters around k randomly sampled points from your input list .
Then , it assigns each point in that list to the cluster with the closest centroid .
This shift in the contents of the cluster causes a shift in the position of the centroid .
You keep re-assigning points and shifting centroids again and again , until the largest centroid shift distance is smaller than the input cutoff .
But that 's the abridged version - see if you can figure out what it 's doing .
# clustering .py contains classes and functions that cluster data points import sys , math , random # --
The Point class represents points in n-dimensional space class Point : # Instance variables # self .coords is a list of coordinates for this Point # self .n is the number of dimensions this Point lives in ( ie , its space ) # self .
reference is an object bound to this Point # Initialize new Points def __init__ ( self , coords , reference =None ) : self .coords = coords self .n = len( coords ) self .
reference = reference # Return a string representation of this Point def __repr__( self ) : return str(self.coords ) # --
The Cluster class represents clusters of points in n-dimensional space class Cluster : # Instance variables # self .
points is a list of Points associated with this Cluster # self .n is the number of dimensions this Cluster 's Points live in # self .
centroid is the sample mean Point of this Cluster def __init__ ( self , points ) : # We forbid empty Clusters ( they do n't make mathematical sense ! ) if len( points ) == 0 : raise Exception ( " ILLEGAL : EMPTY CLUSTER " ) self .
points = points self .n = points [ 0 ] .n #
We also forbid Clusters containing Points in different spaces #
Ie , no Clusters with 2D Points and 3D Points for p in points : if p.n != self.n : raise Exception ( " ILLEGAL : MULTISPACE CLUSTER " ) #
Figure out what the centroid of this Cluster should be self.centroid = self.calculateCentroid ( ) # Return a string representation of this Cluster def __repr__( self ) : return str(self.points ) #
Update function for the K- means algorithm # Assigns a new list of Points to this Cluster , returns centroid difference def update ( self , points ) : old_centroid = self.centroid self.points = points self.centroid = self.calculateCentroid( ) return getDistance ( old_centroid , self.centroid ) # Calculates the centroid Point - the centroid is the sample mean Point # ( in plain English , the average of all the Points in the Cluster ) def calculateCentroid ( self ) : centroid_coords = [ ]
#
For each coordinate : for i in range ( self .n ) : # Take the average across all Points centroid_coords.append ( 0.0 ) for p in self .
points : centroid_coords [i ] = centroid_coords[i]+p.coords[i ] centroid_coords [i ] = centroid_coords[i]/len(self.points ) # Return a Point object using the average coordinates return Point( centroid_coords ) # -- Return Clusters of Points formed by K - means clustering def kmeans ( points , k , cutoff ) : # Randomly sample k Points from the points list , build Clusters around them initial = random .
sample ( points , k ) clusters = [ ] for p in initial : clusters.append( Cluster ( [ p ] ) ) #
Enter the program loop while True : # Make a list for each Cluster lists = [ ] for c in clusters : lists.append ( [ ] ) #
For each Point : for p in points : # Figure out which Cluster 's centroid is the nearest smallest_distance = getDistance ( p , clusters [ 0].centroid ) index = 0 for i in range ( len( clusters [ 1 : ] ) ) : distance = getDistance ( p , clusters [ i+1].centroid ) if distance < smallest_distance : smallest_distance = distance index = i+1 #
Add this Point to that Cluster 's corresponding list lists [ index ] .
append( p ) # Update each Cluster with the corresponding list #
Record the biggest centroid shift for any Cluster biggest_shift = 0.0 for i in range ( len( clusters ) ) : shift = clusters [i].update( lists [i ] ) biggest_shift = max ( biggest_shift , shift ) #
If the biggest centroid shift is less than the cutoff , stop if biggest_shift < cutoff : break # Return the list of Clusters return clusters # --
Get the Euclidean distance between two Points def getDistance ( a , b ) : # Forbid measurements between Points in different spaces if a.n != b.n : raise Exception ( " ILLEGAL : NON - COMPARABLE POINTS " ) # Euclidean distance between a and b is sqrt ( sum ( ( a [ i ] - b[ i ] ) ^2 ) for all i ) ret = 0.0 for i in range ( a.n ) : ret = ret+pow((a.coords [i]-b.coords [i ] ) , 2 ) return math.sqrt( ret )
# --
Create a random Point in n-dimensional space def makeRandomPoint ( n , lower , upper ) : coords = [ ] for i in range ( n ) : coords.append(random.uniform( lower , upper ) ) return Point ( coords ) # -- Main function def main ( args ) : num_points , n , k , cutoff , lower , upper = 10 , 2 , 3 , 0.5 , - 200 , 200 # Create num_points random Points in n-dimensional space points = [ ] for i in range ( num_points ) : points.append(makeRandomPoint(n , lower , upper ) ) #
Cluster the points using the K - means algorithm clusters = kmeans ( points , k , cutoff ) #
Print the results print "
POINTS : " for p in points : print " P : " , p print "
CLUSTERS : " for c in clusters : print " C : " , c # --
The following code executes upon command - line invocation if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( sys.argv )
: D
The predominant model of drug addiction views it as a disease : humans and animals will use heroin or cocaine for as long as they are available .
When the drugs run out , they will seek a fresh supply ; the drugs , not the users , are in control .
These conclusions , repeated frequently by politicians and the media , are based on experiments carried out almost exclusively on animals , usually rats and monkeys , housed in metal cages and experiencing a particularly poor quality of life .
What would happen , wondered psychologist Dr Bruce Alexander , then of British Columbia 's Simon Fraser University , if these animals were instead provided with a comfortable , stimulating environment ?
In 1981 , Alexander built a 200sq ft home for lab rats .
Rat Park , as it became known , was kept clean and temperate , while the rats were supplied with plenty of food and toys , along with places to dig , rest and mate .
Alexander even painted the walls with a soothing natural backdrop of lakes and trees .
He then installed two drips , one containing a morphine solution , the other plain water .
This was rat heaven : but would happy rats develop morphine habits ?
Try as he might , Alexander could not make junkies out of his rats .
Even after being force - fed morphine for two months , when given the option , they chose plain water , despite experiencing mild withdrawal symptoms .
He laced the morphine with sugar , but still they ignored it .
Only when he added Naloxone , an opiate inhibitor , to the sugared morphine water , did they drink it .
Alexander simultaneously monitored rats kept in " normal " lab conditions : they consistently chose the morphine drip over plain water , sometimes consuming 16 - 20 times more than the Rat Parkers .
Alexander 's findings - that deprived rats seek solace in opiates , while contented rats avoid them - dramatically contradict our currently held beliefs about addiction .
So , how might society benefit if his results were applied to human addicts ?
Nobody seemed to care .
Rejected by Science and Nature , Alexander 's paper was published in the obscure Pharmacology , Biochemistry and Behavior , where it was summarily ignored .
Two decades later , Rat Park sits empty ; addiction remains a disease and the war on drugs continues .
When Asus launched the Eee PC in 2007 , we recognized that netbooks had the potential to be a major game - changer for mobile computing .
Two years and several iterations later , the evolving netbook form factor is better and more compelling than ever before .
Hardware vendors have found ways to deliver longer battery life , bigger displays , and more usable keyboards without compromising the mobility advantages of the little laptops .
Mobile Linux platforms have also improved to become more consumer - friendly , resource - efficient , and usable on small displays .
One of the most ambitious efforts to improve the suitability of Linux for netbook devices is Intel 's Moblin project , which promises to bring significant performance , usability , and aesthetic improvements to the open - source operating system .
Although Moblin is still a work in progress , Dell is already offering it preinstalled for the benefit of software developers and Linux enthusiasts who want an early look at the platform .
Dell enlisted Canonical to build a special version of Ubuntu that incorporates Moblin 's unique customizations .
This hybrid distribution , called the Ubuntu Moblin Remix , offers Ubuntu 's familiar underpinnings and enormous package repository alongside key performance and user interface enhancements that were developed by Intel in collaboration with the Moblin community .
Dell warns that the software is still highly experimental and incomplete , indicating that it 's not yet ready for average consumers .
We obtained a Dell Mini 10 v with the Ubuntu Moblin Remix so that we could conduct a taste test and see for ourselves .
This review will primarily focus on the Moblin applications and user experience .
For an overview of the Moblin shell , you can refer to our hands - on tour of the user interface .
Hardware
CPU : 1.6GHz Atom N270
RAM : 1GB DDR2 SDRAM
Graphics : Intel GMA 950
Display : 10.1 " LCD at 1024x600
Storage : 160 GB 5400 RPM hard drive
Optical drive : None
A Mini 10 v with these specifications is available from Dell 's web site for $ 299 .
For $ 30 more , users can get a 16GB solid state drive instead of the 160 GB magnetic drive .
Dell also offers an upgrade from a 3 - cell battery to a 6 - cell battery for $ 35 .
Dell does n't offer options for additional RAM .
We purchased a unit with the base specs for this review .
The left side of the 10v has two USB ports , an SD card slot , and the charging socket .
On the right side , it has an ethernet jack , another USB port , a VGA output , and mini-audio jacks for a microphone and headphones .
The port configuration is identical to that of the Mini 9 .
Unlike the regular Mini 10 , it does n't have an HDMI output .
Appearance and dimensions
Like the rest of Dell 's Mini line , the 10v has smooth round corners and glossy finish that really picks up fingerprints .
The build quality and general look is reasonably good for a budget computer .
It 's slightly slimmer and wider than the Dell Mini 9 , but it fits well in the Timbuk 2 bag that I originally got for my Eee .
At 2.5 lbs , it weighs slightly more than the 2.28 lb Mini 9 .
It 's still light enough that you can comfortably hold it with one hand and type with the other while you tote it around the house .
Keyboard
Uncomfortably small keyboards have long been the most profound weakness of the netbook form factor .
Dell 's Mini 9 delivered what is arguably the worst netbook keyboard ever made .
The 10v is an enormous improvement and finally puts Dell on even footing with HP in the area of keyboard usability on pygmy portables .
The removable battery in the 10v is configured in a much more space - efficient manner than in the Mini 9 , leaving room for the keyboard to go back much further on the netbook 's inside surface .
Between that and the slightly greater width , the 10 v fortunately ended up with ample room for a good keyboard .
According to Dell , the Mini 10 v keyboard is 92 percent of the normal size whereas the Mini 9 is 89 percent .
Although an increase of a few percentage points does n't seem substantial , the difference is very noticeable in practice .
Unlike the Mini 9 , which does n't have dedicated function keys and puts the apostrophe key in the bottom row , the 10v has a relatively standard layout that wo n't encourage frequent typographical errors .
It has a full - sized shift key and standard punctuation keys , meaning that you wo n't have to hold the Fn key in order to get symbols like square brackets or the pipe .
Touchpad
Although the keyboard in the 10v is a laudable improvement , the touchpad is a pitiful failure .
The design is so fundamentally flawed that I can't believe it ever made it off the drawing board and into a product .
The space constraints on netbooks makes it difficult to pair conventional touchpad buttons with a touchpad of sufficient size .
A common approach is to make the mouse buttons vertical and place them along the left and right edges of the touchpad .
I 've never liked that , but I 've never really been able to come up with a better solution .
Dell tried to come up with something better but failed spectacularly .
The 10 v does n't have regular left and right click buttons .
Instead , the bottom left and right corners of the actual touchpad can be pushed in to generate a click .
This may seem like a good idea in theory , but it creates a lot of serious problems during regular use .
When you touch the bottom left corner to click , the touchpad will also register the touch as mouse movement .
It will slightly change the position of the cursor , guaranteeing that you will regularly miss whatever you were trying to click .
This flaw is even more infuriating during a drag - and - drop operation .
When you hold down the corner with your thumb and then drag across the touchpad with your finger and let go , the cursor will jump back down diagonally because the touchpad is picking up the thumb .
This makes drag - and - drop operations nearly impossible .
I suspect that the Windows drivers have some kind of hack to filter out unintended motion that gets picked up during clicks , but the Linux installation certainly does n't .
After using the netbook for a few hours , I trained myself to not use the pseudo - buttons at all .
Like with any regular touchpad on Linux , you can tap anywhere to click and you can tap - and - hold to initiate a drag .
These generally work fine and make the computer usable .
I 'll be giving a talk tomorrow , Wednesday , September 16th , 2009 at the Boston Haskell User Group in the MIT CSAIL Reading Room ( on the 8th floor of the William H. Gates tower of the Stata center ) about mixing Oleg 's iteratees with parsec and monoids to build practical parallel parsers and to cheaply reparse after local modifications are made to source code .
Ravi is trying to organize some time before hand during which people can get together and work on Haskell projects , or spend some time learning Haskell , so its not all scary academic stuff .
The meeting is scheduled from 7 - 9 pm , and an ever growing number of us have been wandering down to the Cambridge Brewing Company afterwards to hang out and talk .
If you are curious about Haskell , or even an expert , or just happen to be interested in parallel programming and find yourself in the area , come on by .
Nissan 370Z Roadster Pricing Released
When the Nissan 370Z was released , enthusiasts were immediately enamored , and were also eager for a drop - top version .
When the drop top was finally unveiled , there were love it or hate it reactions due to the awkward proportions when the top is up .
Despite the awkwardness of what will no doubt be a fun car , the pricing of the 370Z roadster will officially begin at $ 36,970 .
The Nissan 370Z coupe is priced under $ 30 K , which may discourage consumers from the significantly pricier roaster .
That being said , the roadster is better appointed than the coupe and is less of a sports - oriented model suggests Nissan Service Bremerton .
The only option for the roadster is the seven - speed automatic transmission , which will bump the roadsterâs price beyond $ 38,000 .
Nissanâs new 370Z roadster offers improved performance over the 350Z roadster , which should satisfy die - hard Z Car enthusiasts .
While the latest roadster is more expensive than the current coupe and outgoing 350Z roadster admits Nissan Financing Yuma , it still offers balances value and sportiness compared with other vehicles on the market , particularly when compared to the new Infiniti G37 convertible .
Buyers of the Nissan roadster will likely be those who are not as concerned with performance as they are with style and luxury .
Essentially , one Bridgeport CT Nissan dealer suggests that this means the Z roadster will be competing with the likes of the BMW Z4 roadster and the Mercedes - Benz SLK roadster .
By comparison , the 370Z seems like the better deal .
I always thought homelessness was something that happened to other people .
I was 24 , educated , had a $ 50,000 - a- year job as a personal assistant , a cute cottage in Orange County , California , friends and a dog .
And then , one day in December last year , I went into work to discover my company was laying off lots of staff and I was one .
It was the start of a string of bad luck .
Initially , I moved in with my mum but we 've always had a volatile relationship and it did n't work out .
As of February this year , I was officially a homeless woman .
The idea terrified me .
I cried and cried .
How could this be happening to me ?
As I contemplated life on the street , I had a phone call from the coroner 's office in Los Angeles .
My biological dad had killed himself and had left me his trailer and car .
I also discovered I have two half - sisters , aged 17 and 14 .
They travelled from Texas to cremate the body and we met ; it was surreal .
I had an unhappy , unstable childhood .
My family are Jehovah 's Witnesses and I grew up in the religion .
But as I got older , I read up on it and began to see it as a cult .
Certainly it 's a very judgmental religion , which shuns people who leave and has an apocalyptic worldview .
I was 18 when I left .
Since then , my relationship with my family has deteriorated .
I had nowhere to go , so I moved into my dad 's trailer and parked it in a Wal - Mart parking lot .
I 'd heard from a friend that they sometimes let people in trailers stay in their lots .
I had no running water , gas or electricity , but it was a place to crash .
About 30 other people were living there in trailers and cars .
We tried not to draw attention to ourselves so customers did n't complain .
There was n't much socialising but having other people around made me feel safer .
One " neighbour " was a former doctor who spoke several languages .
Another used to own three houses .
We were a new face of homelessness – middle - class people with stable lives that the recession had wiped out .
I will never forget my first night in the trailer .
It was cold and deathly quiet .
Every noise made me jump .
I did n't sleep a wink and spent all night afraid someone would break in .
I spent my days in a coffee shop , surfing the internet for jobs and sending out CVs .
I would buy $ 5 cards each month that entitled me to drink coffee and use unlimited Wi -Fi .
I began writing a blog , girlsguidetohomelessness.com , and using Twitter as a way to keep sane .
My first reader was a guy from Portsmouth called Matt , who became homeless after losing his job and his wife .
He was now living in Huntly , Scotland , and ran a website for homeless people .
We really hit it off and started emailing and instant messaging for hours at a time .
Just as life seemed to be getting better , I came back one day to discover my trailer had been towed away .
I found out it had been impounded and would cost me $ 2,600 to get out .
The amount is going up by $ 80 every day and I do n't have the money .
I managed to get a friend to rent me his old trailer instead .
Matt decided to use his savings to come for a visit .
It was a gamble , but it has been much better than either of us dared hope .
We have so much in common – art , history , architecture , theatre – and he understands me better than anyone I 've ever met .
Obviously , we'd both like our lives to be different , but we try not to take it out on each other .
Unfortunately , Matt has to return to Scotland soon and we do n't know when we 'll see each other again .
I 've sent out hundreds of CVs since I got laid off , and recently wrote to E Jean Carroll , American Elle 's advice columnist .
I had just messed up a job interview and asked her how I could get a second chance , signing off " Homeless But Not Hopeless " .
I still can't believe what happened next : she published my letter and offered me an internship on her website , askejean.com .
I 've now started the internship and have been busy replying to readers ' problems .
I 've been through a lot in my short lifetime , and I take their problems very seriously .
Because I need to be available for job interviews , I 'm doing my internship remotely – from my trailer .
I get $ 150 a month for expenses .
A lot of people think my life has been turned around – but the reality is that I 'm still homeless and unemployed .
The UN teaches some 200,000 children in the Gaza Strip
Gaza 's ruling Islamist movement Hamas has resisted suggestions that Palestinian children should be taught about the Holocaust in UN - run schools .
The head of its education committee in Gaza , Abdul Rahman el - Jamal , told the BBC that the Holocaust was a " big lie " .
He said that to teach it would be to " grant a big favour " to Israel , which has been fighting Hamas for years .
The UN , which runs most Gazan schools , recently asked local groups whether the Holocaust should be taught .
It uses local textbooks and , in Gaza , that means using material from neighbouring Egypt , the BBC's Tim Franks reports .
But over the past seven years the UN has added its own coursework about human rights .
Mr Jamal told the BBC that the UN should , instead , teach about the Naqba , the term Palestinians use to describe the establishment of the state of Israel and the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinian refugees .
A spokesman for the UN said that no final decision on this year 's curriculum had yet been made .
Some 200,000 children are taught in schools run through the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) .
During the Holocaust , Nazi Germany murdered some six million Jews .
However , the event 's significance is often disputed in parts of the Middle East where Israel is seen as the enemy and the Holocaust is seen as a tool used by Israel to justify its actions .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Thomas Jefferson said " The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time . "
So , let 's take stock , the big corporate are un- bundeling leaving holes in markets everywhere .
But your marketing budget is under pressure , what do you do ?
Well it just so happens that all this social network marketing is booming , to put it mildly , at exactly the same time that markets are opening for the smaller guys , for the first time ever there are more new opportunities and new markets than there are products to saturate them .
Therefore social network marketing is both cheap and effective .
For the first time we have a marketing tool that is good at many - to - many and at one - to - many ( broadcast ) marketing .
And it 's not just good ... it 's better than anything else at both !
I highly recommend this talk on TED by Clay Shirky .
If you are not convinced how about these predictions from analysts ? :
1. eMarketer 's Predictions for 2009 - eMarketer 's David Hallerman - Senior Analyst , Dec 16 2008
" [ On-line ] Video ad spending will run counter to overall economic developments , rising by 45 % in 2009 to reach $ 850 million ...
Search marketing spending will grow by 14.9 % in 2009 , to $ 12.3 billion .
Search marketing is not recession - proof , but it is recession - resistant ...
Total US
Internet ad spending will increase to $ 25.7 billion in 2009 , an 8.9 % growth rate .
That will be the lowest year - over - year increase for on - line advertising ever .
Yet it will still be a robust increase compared with nearly all other media . "
2. eMarketer 's Predictions for 2009 - eMarketer 's Jeffrey Grau - Senior Analyst , Dec 16 2008
" US retail e-commerce sales : $ 153,8 billion - 8.0 % growth in 2010 .
$ 168,4 billion - 9,5 % growth in 2011 .
$ 183.9 billion - 9.2 % growth in 2012 .
Excluding travel , digital downloads and event tickets . "
3. eMarketer 's Predictions for 2009 - eMarketer 's Carol Krol - Senior Analyst , Dec 16 2008
" eMarketer estimates that US TV ad spending will decline 4.2 % to $ 66.9 billion in 2009 . "
4. The Future of Bandwidth - Suzy Frisch , Oct 2008
" The escalating need for bandwidth is readily apparent at Qwest Communications .
The provider has seen “ explosive growth ” as client traffic on its networks doubles every 15 months , "
5. Consumer Internet Predictions for 2009 - Lightspeed , Dec 11 2008
" To people who do not spend time on social networks , it seems crazy that people would pay real money to buy each other virtual gifts - pictures of things ranging from birthday cakes to hugging penguins - and then display them on their profile pages .
But estimates peg Facebook ’s digital gifts sales in the $ 35 million – 50 million range this year .
As more human interaction moves on - line , these social tokens of appreciation move on - line in parallel . "
6. eMarketer : Top 10 Predictions for 2009 - eMarketer , 2008
" [ Internet ] Search Marketing Remains Recession - Resistant :
While search marketing is not recession - proof , it is recession - resistant , with estimated spending growth in 2009 at 14.9 % , to $ 12.3 billion ...
Video ad spending growth will run counter to overall economic developments , rising by 45 % in 2009 to reach $ 850 million . "
7. Trendspotting , 2008/9
" 2009 total U.S. advertising will decrease 10.0 % to $ 252.1 billion , U.S. Internet advertising revenue will grow 6.1 % to $ 28.3 billion , 4 % growth in Display , 20 % growth in Search . "
I do n't think there has ever been a better time to build a brand than right now ... well that 's not entirely true ; yesterday was a better time .
So what do you need ?
A static website just wo n't cut it , in an acronym you need CMS , next ...
I recently read Ten IT Concepts That Non-IT People Do n’t Get .
Aside from the fact I noticed inconsistency between the capitalization scheme for the “ title ” of the first of the ten concepts and those that followed , I also felt a burning desire to respond to several of the points .
What follows is a summary of my thoughts on each of these concepts that , apparently , Non-IT People Do n’t Get .
By the way , if you do n’t read the original first , parts of this might not make much sense .
When to Click and When to Double - Click
This point is pretty much summed up in one question : “ Can you make rules for when to click and when to double - click ? ”
It gets more specific with “ Why do you double - click an icon to perform the action , but only single - click a button ? ”
The answer to the second question is actually pretty simple : you double - click an icon because there might be a reason to single - click it just to select the button .
The only reason in normal usage for selecting a button without clicking it is to be able to “ click ” it using the keyboard , so you do n’t have to use the mouse — say , using the Tab key to cycle through buttons until you get the one you want .
If you ’re going to use the mouse to select it , you might as well just use the mouse to click it .
You might want to select an icon to copy it , to get the full text below the icon to show up ( as in cases of long names for desktop shortcuts that get truncated when the icon is n’t selected ) , and so on .
There ’s another reason for the difference , too : a button on a GUI is a metaphorical representation of a physical button , which one would likely reason only requires one click to work .
The same does not apply to an icon .
I think a simple explanation of this theory of how to determine when to single - click and when to double - click could help immensely .
Of course , this is the logical approach .
Some UI designers do n’t stick to the logical approach , and we ca n’t really blame users if they have difficulty navigating the confusing waters of bad UI design .
Hierarchical Folders “ Folders ” are just stupid icons used in GUIs to represent filesystem directories .
They should never have been called “ folders ” in official application documentation in the first place .
The confusion engendered by hierarchically arranging “ folders ” , which are generally not arranged that way with real , physical folders , is a direct result of some idiot thinking the system needed to be dumbed down to the user ’s level by abandoning the term “ directory ” .
Maybe the schmuck thought “ directory ” had too many syllables in it .
The problem of inconsistent representations is a big one , and could easily be mitigated ( if not entirely solved ) by ensuring there ’s always an available hierarchical representation of the filesystem location of a given directory .
I still have n’t figured out why I need to explicitly open Windows Explorer , in default configuration , to get a hierarchical view of the filesystem while browsing through it ; browsing the same stuff by opening My Computer gives you a completely different view , with different behavior .
Bad UI design strikes again .
Inconsistency not only of appearance , but also of functionality , when there is no reasonable explanation for it , is not good design .
Using Add / Remove Programs
The unobviousness of linking unwanted software with Add / Remove Programs is largely the fault of the fact that it ’s not really a universal software management system .
In this respect , MS Windows could definitely learn a thing or two from open source Unix - like operating systems such as any mainstream Linux distribution or BSD Unix system .
When you expect all software , by default , to come from your software management system , it makes sense to expect all software to be removed through the software management system ’s interface as well — and the exceptions should be fairly clear .
When you have something like the Add / Remove Programs software management system on MS Windows , though , installation ( and all too often uninstallation as well ) is handled separately from that interface .
As a result , users never really become used to thinking of that as the logical place to check for how to uninstall software .
Even worse , trying to use Add / Remove Programs to uninstall software sometimes fails or even breaks the smooth operation of the system in nonobvious ways .
As for keeping software but stopping it from starting automatically — this is a big issue .
I have yet to encounter a centralized , simple interface for managing this sort of thing that does n’t run afoul of confounding exceptions far too often .
FreeBSD , Debian GNU / Linux , and MS Windows are all guilty of this sort of problem .
Installing Bundled Software Hurts Yeah .
I wish hardware did n’t come with crapware .
Even supposed experts like me have been stung by this problem from time to time .
This is not something that is a problem because “ Non - IT People Do n’t Get ” it .
This is something that ’s just a problem , period .
In some respects , I guess , it ’s a good thing hardware and software vendors rarely write software that runs on something other than MS Windows , because otherwise this problem would exist on Linux distributions and BSD Unix systems as well .
That There Is A Choice Of Software I have nothing to add here , other than that it goes far beyond browsers .
This was written using Vim in XTerm on FreeBSD .
The guy who originally wrote Ten IT Concepts That Non-IT People Do n’t Get has probably never used any of those , and probably has some kind of deep - seated belief that , really , he does n’t have the option of using them — for reasons of some excuse or other .
What Updates Do Here , the guy seems to be saying he ’s Non-IT People .
He seems to be saying he , too , does n’t know What Updates Do . I really do n’t know what to say about that .
Software Licensing
“ We need to put aside a discussion of whether software should be free or not for this one , and let ’s just assume that people are happy paying for software for now . ”
Actually , we do n’t need to put that aside .
I think he utterly fails to understand the difference between open source software and free ( as in beer ) software .
If people are , as he puts it , “ happy paying for software ” , they can do so even if the software is open source .
Certain open source licenses make this sort of thing more difficult than others , and in fact some of them are particularly well suited to corporate monopolistic practices .
Frankly , software with simple copyfree licenses such as the BSD and MIT / X11 licenses and the Open Works License solve this problem quite neatly .
They ’re even understandable by people who are n’t lawyers .
What Memory ( RAM ) Is For Yeah . . . that ’s a tough one .
I can always try explaining , one person at a time , what RAM does — but without getting OS and windowing system developers to make it easier to view information about memory usage , and easier to understand it , there is n’t really a systematic solution to this problem .
How To Use Networking OpenSSH is awesome .
Everybody in the world should learn how to use it , and every general purpose desktop system should have it readily available .
Copying across a network using OpenSSH utilities such as scp would help people start getting a grasp of How To Use Networking pretty quickly , I think .
Too bad MS Windows does n’t want its users to understand that stuff .
Turning computers off when not in direct use all the time seems to be more of an outgrowth of the penny - ante system architecture of MS Windows , really .
The damned thing needs to be rebooted so often one might as well just turn it off every time one goes to the bathroom , just to cover the bases .
More stable systems that do n’t require regular reboot for things like configuration changes to take effect do not train their users to turn them off just because they ’re heading to the kitchen for a cup of coffee .
Dropbox may be convenient , but I ’m skeptical of its security .
Also , y’know , it does much the same thing as sshfs — a network filesystem that uses the SSH protocol — except that it ’s entirely in someone else ’s hands .
Not my idea of a must - have tool .
Anyone put off by the poster that paints President Obama as a " socialist joker " might take a look at the typical American in the mirror .
We already combine the worst features of both socialism and market forces in healthcare , because we can't seem to learn from the best examples in other countries .
It 's time we did – because that 's where the real choices are .
And eventually , we 'll have to choose .
On the ( fully ) socialized side , US Medicare and Medicaid consume 8 percent of our national income – about the same share as socialist European systems .
Except that theirs cover everyone , not just the elderly .
And we 've only just begun to pay for our own collectivism , since the bulk of our boomers have n't retired yet .
When that gray wave crashes on our status quo shores , it 'll wipe away trillions in national wealth .
Then we pile on uniquely American layers of private - sector " innovation " in healthcare , forcing us to spend double what other rich countries do :
• Reimbursement rates disproportionately enrich specialists , who are better rewarded for being " partialists " doing procedures and heroic interventions .
We scarcely reward outcomes or results – most of our incentives actually preempt prevention .
• Primary care doctors are quitting front - line healthcare to join boutique practices in gated community medicine – because good primary care has become nearly impossible in practice .
• Insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists have written fat profit subsidies and price supports into federal legislation , particularly the Medicare drug benefit , inflating costs unsustainably .
Add the cost of our elderly socialized systems to what employers and families spend for coverage with private insurers – when they can afford it , which tens of millions of our citizens can't – and Americans burn more than $ 7,000 each year on healthcare .
That 's more than twice the average for other rich nations .
For all of that money , we get better quality – right ?
Well , no .
Our health system ranks 37th on the list of wealthy nations , on a definitive range of outcomes , according to the World Health Organization .
Enter T.R. Reid 's new book , " The Healing of America : A Global Quest for Better , Cheaper , and Fairer Health Care . "
It makes a critically important contribution to the conversation about reform , by taking a clear - eyed look at what is actually working in other countries .
While the right feeds culture - war flames of indignation about so - called death panels that would euthanize the elderly , and the left berates Mr. Obama for backing down on an opaquely defined and unaffordable " public option , " Mr. Reid starts our interview with a bracing statistic that frames the debate in simple moral terms .
He points out that some 18,000 Americans die each year , simply because they do n't have access to the basic medical treatment that would save their lives , according to the Institute of Medicine .
Now consider the lucky among us : Even among those with access , another 200,000 perish from preventable medical errors and avoidable hospital infections .
Overall , our failure to structure and deliver effective healthcare is 70 times more lethal to our citizens , every year , than the September 11 attacks .
We can do better .
" What I saw in all the other developed countries , " Reid says , " is that they decided that a rich society has an obligation to see to it that anybody who 's sick can see a doctor .
All of the rich countries have agreed on this except one .
The United States has never made that basic moral commitment . "
Reid , a veteran foreign correspondent , spotlights three paths that other countries have taken to walk their talk .
A " Bismarck " system of private insurers and providers – financed through payroll deductions , but universal and portable – works for Germany , Japan , and Switzerland .
Britain runs a " Beveridge " system ( similar to what the US provides military veterans ) .
Taiwan , France , and Canada run national single - payer health plans funded by government through taxes ( like Medicare , which we currently provide to 36 million of our own elderly ) .
What America can't continue to do forever is operate a mishmash of market and government systems that has become the worst of both worlds .
Reform will be as simple – and as difficult – as deciding on one approach and executing it .
Notably , once citizens in other nations have agreed that healthcare is a moral imperative and a right , they 've found ways to summon an equal measure of individual responsibility for healthcare that sounds … well , pretty conservative .
" In Britain , " Reid says , " if some fat guy is sitting at the bar with a pint and a plate of chips , a complete stranger will walk over to him and say , " Hey , mate – go easy on all that .
I 'm not paying for your heart attack . "
What true conservative would choose a fat tax over the simple stigma of a snack attack ?
Reid wonders aloud whether Britain 's peer pressure amounts to a " nanny state . "
But the effect seems the opposite , and far more effective : a health system where choices are made by individuals held accountable to family and community .
Where the irresponsible , rather than being policed by bureaucrats , make a direct impression on fellow citizens , right where it hurts – in their wallets .
Sounds more like a " neighbor state . "
" I want to see us get this done , " Reid says , well after midnight .
" If we could find the political will to cover everybody , the other countries can show us the way .
They 've all done it , for a lot less money than we spend .
And they 're getting far better health outcomes . "
Among all of the issues Americans are struggling with right now , healthcare reform is generating a fearful focus inward .
Let 's just take a deep breath , turn our heads , and learn .
It wo n't hurt a bit .
Mark Lange is a consultant and former presidential speechwriter .
As you probably know , JavaScript is not limited to the browser .
There 's server - side JavaScript , JS for various extensions , you can script Photoshop operations with JavaScript if you feel like it .
Or compile Windows executables .
You see where I 'm going with this .
JavaScript is everywhere 🙂
And yes , you can do shell scripting in JavaScript .
On any platform you can use Rhino to run your scripts .
On Windows there 's this WSH , Windows Scripting
Host you can benefit from , built right into the OS so you do n't have to install anything .
You can run your JavaScript shell scripts with the cscript utility like :
C:\> cscript jslint.js
And on the Mac there 's JavaScriptCore by WebKit .
WebKit is not limited to Safari , it 's used all over the place on the Mac .
So there 's a utility called jsc which can run your scripts .
JSC test run
JSC ( JavaScriptCore ) is well hidden in
/ System / Library / Frameworks/JavaScriptCore.framework/Versions/A/Resources/jsc
Check it out , it should be there .
And if it is , why not use it via a " shortcut " ?
So step 1 :
$ sudo ln / System / Library / Frameworks / JavaScriptCore.framework/Versions/A/Resources/jsc /bin/jsc
Step 2 ... no , there 's no step 2 , just give it a shot :
$ jsc -h Usage : jsc [ options ] [ files ] [ -- arguments ] -d Dumps bytecode ( debug builds only ) -e Evaluate argument as script code -f Specifies a source file ( deprecated ) - h| - - help Prints this help message - i Enables interactive mode ( default if no files are specified ) -s Installs signal handlers that exit on a crash ( Unix platforms only )
So you can just run any JavaScript code on the command line .
You can also use jsc as a JavaScript console to type away stuff .
Probably not that useful , because you have Firebug console to type into .
But still , an option .
$ jsc > var a = 1 ; undefined > a++ 1 > a 2 >
Shell version of an online tool
Here 's an example .
Last night I worked on a quick hack to experiment with minifying CSS .
There 's an online tool over here as a result .
Can I run this tool on the command line ?
Sure .
So imagine you have a JavaScript that parses CSS that looks like this .
It defines an object called cssparse .
You can use it in a browser - based tool , but also in the command - line version , without any changes .
All you need is to create a new file that will be the shell version of the tool , say csspsh.js .
In it put the something like :
if ( ! arguments [ 0 ] ) { print ( ' usage :
$ jsc csspsh.js " `cat parseme.css` " ' ) ; quit ( ) ; } load ( ' cssp.js ' ) ; print ( cssparse .
parse ( arguments [ 0 ] ) ) ;
You can probably guess but :
arguments [ ] array - like object contains command - line arguments
array - like object contains command - line arguments print ( ) prints to the console
prints to the console quit ( ) exits JSC
exits JSC load ( ) loads and executes an external file
How do you pass arguments to your shell script ?
After a -- delimiter , like so :
$ jsc csspsh.js -- one two three
And since this particular script works with contents of files , I can use cat to read the file and pass it to the script .
$ jsc csspsh.js -- " `cat my.css` "
Shell - script away !
So there you have it .
Shell scripting with JavaScript is at your fingertips , either Mac or Windows , or anywhere with Rhino .
If you have some cool scripts that you want to run the on the command line , like cron jobs or some automated process , there has never been a better time 🙂
Tell your friends about this post on Facebook and Twitter
given to or characterized by gross excess in drinking or eating .
suffering from or due to such excess .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Senate Democratic leaders met Thursday night with White House officials to consider including a government - funded public health insurance option , along with a provision allowing states to opt out of it , in a health care overhaul bill .
Two senior Democratic Senate sources told CNN that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is leaning toward a public option with the state opt - out provision in the Senate health care bill that will reach the full chamber in coming weeks .
According to one source familiar with the White House meeting , the matter was discussed with President Obama but no decisions were made .
Republicans and some moderate Democrats oppose a public option , threatening the chances for a bill that includes the provision to get the 60 votes necessary to overcome a Senate filibuster .
The state opt - out provision is considered a possible way to get moderate Democrats to support a bill with a public option .
However , the spokesman for Democratic Sen . Ben Nelson of Nebraska , a key moderate , said Nelson opposes the idea of a national public option with an opt - out for the states .
In addition , the idea is opposed by Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , the only Republican to support any kind of health care proposal so far .
Snowe 's spokesman , John Gentzel , confirmed to CNN her opposition to the modified public option .
Obama and Democratic leaders say the nonprofit public option will bring competition to the health insurance industry and lower costs while expanding access to Americans currently without coverage .
Republican opponents contend a public option would drive private insurers from the market and lead to an eventual government takeover of the health care system .
Of five health care bills approved so far by House and Senate committees , four include a public option .
The other bill , from the Senate Finance Committee , includes nonprofit cooperatives instead of a public option and is the proposal supported by Snowe .
In recent days , two administration officials have told CNN that the prevailing White House opinion is for the Senate health care bill to include a so - called " trigger " mechanism proposed by Snowe that would bring a public option in the future if thresholds for expanding coverage and lowering costs go unmet in coming years .
The source familiar with Thursday evening 's meeting said Obama " pushed for a so - called trigger , because it 's the more bipartisan way to go , " due to Snowe 's support for the concept .
A critical White House goal in passing a health care bill is the ability to call it bipartisan , so Obama officials are wary of doing anything to alienate Snowe .
Also Thursday , 36 moderate House Democrats threatened to vote against the current health care bill the chamber 's leaders are drafting because they do n't believe it will sufficiently reduce long - term health care costs .
In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , and House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Maryland , the fiscally conservative Democrats cited recent testimony by Congressional Budget Office Director Doug Elmendorf that indicated health care costs under the House legislation could rise after 10 years .
Elmendorf " has already indicated that the bill does nothing to rein in the costs of health care , and therefore may not be sustainable outside the 10 - year budget window , " the letter said .
" We will be unable to support any health care legislation that does n't meet the president 's goals of driving down and holding down the cost of health care , as determined by " the CBO , the letter concluded .
A Democratic leadership aide told CNN that final analysis from the Congressional Budget Office will be crucial to passing a bill in the House .
" If we do not get a reasonable sort of indication from CBO that we 're going to bend it , that will be a problem , " the aide said of lowering costs in the future .
House Democratic leaders learned earlier this week that the CBO projected their bill would cost $ 871 billion over 10 years and also reduce the deficit during that time .
But the CBO was unable to assess what the impact would be in the next 10 years .
Moderate Democrats have asked leaders for details about the long - term costs from CBO , but no final analysis has yet been released .
Rep. John Barrow of Georgia , a leader of the fiscally conservative " Blue Dog " Democrats , initiated the letter because " the question of cost is n't one that should be swept under the rug , " said Barrow 's spokesperson , Jane Brodsky .
CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story .
Auf dem Medienportal mediabiz haben nur Händler / Produzenten / Publisher und ähnliches von Filmen / Musik und Spielen zugriff .
Dieses Portal startete im Bereich Games vor Kurzem eine Umfrage zur Bundestagswahl 2009 bzgl .
der Frage welche Partei ihre Interessen am besten vertreten würde .
An dieser Umfrage nahmen über 200 Leute teil , welche abwägen mussten was für sie bei der der nächsten Bundestagswahl am Besten für sie wäre .
Seien es Verbote von gewalthaltigen Spielen in Deutschland , Stopp - Schildern im Internet oder der Förderung von Spiel - Entwicklung in Deutschland .
Dabei kam es zu sehr überraschenden Ergebnissen .
Die Volksparteien wie CDU / CSU oder auch die SPD wurden dabei gnadenlos abgestraft .
Nur 4,4 % stimmten für die SPD und die CDU / CSU kamen zusammen nur auf 14 % der Wählerstimmen .
Die FDP erreichte dabei , wie erwartet , eine hohe Quote in Höhe von 24,3 % .
Die Grünen kamen auf 18,4 % und die Linken auf 12,5 % .
Die wahre Überraschung war allerdings die Piratenpartei , welche für eine Modernisierung des Urheberrechtsparagraphen und gegen die Überwachung und Kontrolle der Bürger werben .
Diese erreichte mit 25 % die Mehrheit der abgestimmten Personen und wäre somit die stärkste Kraft im Bundestag wenn es nach dieser Umfrage ginge .
Quelle : www.mediabiz.de
WASHINGTON  After months of relentless courting and suspense , Senator Olympia J. Snowe , Republican of Maine , cast her vote with Democrats on Tuesday as the Senate Finance Committee approved legislation to remake the health care system and provide coverage to millions of the uninsured .
With Ms. Snowe ’s support , the committee backed the $ 829 billion measure on a vote of 14 to 9 , with all the other Republicans opposed .
“ Is this bill all that I would want ? ” Ms. Snowe said .
“ Far from it .
Is it all that it can be ?
No .
But when history calls , history calls .
And I happen to think that the consequences of inaction dictate the urgency of Congress to take every opportunity to demonstrate its capacity to solve the monumental issues of our time . ”
Ms. Snowe ’s remarks silenced the packed committee room , riveted colleagues and thrilled the White House .
President Obama had sought her vote , hoping that she would break with Republican leaders and provide at least a veneer of bipartisanship to the bill , which he has declared his top domestic priority .
Philadelphia , Pa. , Oct. 24 , 2009 - Born with a retinal disease that made him legally blind , and would eventually leave him totally sightless , the nine - year - old boy used to sit in the back of the classroom , relying on the large print on an electronic screen and assisted by teacher aides .
Now , after a single injection of genes that produce light - sensitive pigments in the back of his eye , he sits in front with classmates and participates in class without extra help .
In the playground , he joins his classmates in playing his first game of softball .
His treatment represents the next step toward medical science 's goal of using gene therapy to cure disease .
Extending a preliminary study published last year on three young adults , the full study reports successful , sustained results that showed notable improvement in children with congenital blindness .
The study , conducted by researchers from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , used gene therapy to safely improve vision in five children and seven adults with Leber 's congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) .
The greatest improvements occurred in the children , all of whom are now able to navigate a low - light obstacle course -- one result that the researchers call " spectacular . "
" This result is an exciting one for the entire field of gene therapy , " said Katherine A. High , M.D. , co-first author of the study and the director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics , the facility that sponsored the clinical trial at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
High , an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a past president of the American Society of Gene Therapy , has been a pioneer in translational and clinical studies of gene therapy for genetic disease .
" This study reports dramatic results in restoring vision to patients who previously had no options for treatment , " said High .
" These findings may expedite development of gene therapy for more common retinal diseases , such as age - related macular degeneration . "
Although the patients did not attain normal eyesight , half of them ( six of 12 ) improved enough that they may no longer be classified as legally blind .
" The clinical benefits have persisted for nearly two years since the first subjects were treated with injections of therapeutic genes into their retinas , " said senior author Jean Bennett , M.D. , Ph.D. , F.M. Kirby professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
For Bennett , the results build on nearly 20 years of gene studies on hereditary blindness , starting with pioneering work in mice and dogs .
" These remarkable results , " she added , " have laid a foundation for applying gene therapy not only to other forms of childhood - onset retinal disease , but also to more common retinal degenerations . "
The study team reported their findings today in an online article in The Lancet .
" Children who were treated with gene therapy are now able to walk and play just like any normally sighted child , " said co-first author Albert M. Maguire , M.D. , an associate professor of Ophthalmology at Penn and a physician at Children 's Hospital .
" They can also carry out classroom activities without visual aids . "
Maguire and Bennett have been researching inherited retinal degenerations for nearly 20 years .
Leber 's congenital amaurosis , the target of this current study , is a group of inherited blinding diseases that damages light receptors in the retina .
It usually begins stealing sight in early childhood and causes total blindness during a patient 's twenties or thirties .
Currently , there is no treatment for LCA .
Walking along a dimly lit , simulated street route , the children were able to negotiate barriers they bumped into before the surgery .
Another child , who since birth , could only see light and shadows , stared into his father 's face and said he could see the color of his eyes .
Later they played soccer together .
For children and adults in the study , functional improvements in vision followed single injections of genes that produced proteins to make light receptors work in their retinas .
The 12 subjects ranged in age from 8 to 44 years old at the time of treatment .
Four of the children , aged 8 to 11 , are the world 's youngest individuals to receive gene therapy for a non-lethal disease ( A fifth subject was 17 years old ) .
On the other end of the age scale , the 35 - year - old man and 44 - year - old woman are the oldest patients to ever receive gene therapy for retinal degeneration .
For the current human trial , the research team used a vector , a genetically engineered adeno - associated virus , to carry a normal version of the gene , called RPE65 , that is mutated in one form of LCA , called LCA2 , that accounts for 8 to 16 percent of all LCA cases .
Jeannette Bennicelli , Ph.D. , in Bennett 's laboratory , cloned the gene .
The clinical vector production facility at Children 's Hospital 's Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics ( CCMT ) , directed by Fraser Wright , Ph.D. , manufactured the vector .
The clinical trial brought together subjects and scientists from two continents .
Five patients enrolled in the study were identified at the Department of Ophthalmology at the Second University of Naples , an institution with a long - standing program in researching inherited retinal diseases , under the supervision of Francesca Simonelli , M.D. Two children from Belgium were recruited through Ghent University Hospital , under the supervision of Bart Leroy , M.D. , Ph.D. Jennifer Wellman , of the CCMT , directed all local and federal regulatory interactions for the study .
Another co-author , Edwin Stone , M.D. , Ph.D. , Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and director of the Carver Center , a genetic testing laboratory at the University of Iowa , identified and verified several of the disease - causing mutations in the study subjects .
In April 2008 , the current study team published encouraging preliminary results in the New England Journal of Medicine regarding three young adults , the first to receive gene therapy in this current clinical trial .
Those subjects showed improvements in their visual function in both objective vision tests and subjective reports by the patients themselves .
Patients who could only detect hand movements gained the ability to read lines on an eye chart .
After the first group of three young adults was treated safely , the study team extended gene therapy to five children from the United States , Italy and Belgium , in addition to four other adults .
Because animal studies conducted by Bennett and colleagues had shown that visual improvement was age - dependent , the researchers tested the hypothesis that younger human subjects would receive greater benefits from the treatment .
" LCA is a progressive disease , so if a treatment was possible , it was plausible to intervene before damage to the retina was severe , " said Bennett .
In all , 12 patients received the gene therapy via a surgical procedure performed by Maguire starting in October 2007 at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
For each subject , Maguire injected the therapeutic genes into the eye with poorer function .
There were three patient cohorts , receiving low , middle and high doses .
No serious adverse events occurred in any of the test subjects .
Starting two weeks after the injections , all 12 subjects reported improved vision in dimly lit environments in the injected eye .
An objective measurement , which measures how the eye 's pupil constricts , showed that all the subjects were able to detect significantly more light after treatment and also showed greater light sensitivity in each patient 's treated eye compared to the untreated eye .
In addition , before treatment , nine patients had nystagmus , an involuntary movement of the eyes that is common in LCA .
After treatment , seven of them had significant improvements in nystagmus .
Some of the most dramatic results , captured on video by the researchers , are apparent as subjects traverse a standardized obstacle course .
Before the treatment , the patients had great difficulty avoiding barriers , especially in dim light .
After treatment , the children navigated the course more quickly , with fewer errors than before , even at the lowest light levels .
Not all the adults performed better on the mobility course , and for those who did , the improvements were more modest compared to the children's .
" In follow - up studies , we will continue to monitor these patients to determine whether this treatment stops the progression of this retinal degeneration , " said Maguire .
" In the future , we hope to investigate whether other retinal disease will be amenable to this gene therapy approach . "
###
Media contact for CHOP :
Joey McCool Ryan
267.426.6070
267.258.6735
McCool@email.chop.edu
The clinical trial was sponsored and primarily funded by the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
Research support was received from the Foundation Fighting Blindness sponsored CHOP - PENN Pediatric Center for Retinal Degenerations , Research to Prevent Blindness , the Macula Vision Foundation , the Paul and Evanina Mackall Foundation Trust at the Scheie Eye Institute , and the F.M. Kirby Foundation .
Additional funding was provided by the Italian Telethon Foundation , the Regione Campania Convenzione , the Foundation for Retinal Research , the Associazione Italiana Amaurosi Congenita di Leber , the Fund for Scientific Research and the Fund for Research in Ophthalmology .
Drs. High and Stone are Investigators of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , which also provided support .
Other grant support came from the National Center for Research Resources .
About PENN Medicine : PENN Medicine is a $ 3.6 billion enterprise dedicated to the related missions of medical education , biomedical research , and excellence in patient care .
PENN Medicine consists of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine ( founded in 1765 as the nation 's first medical school ) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System .
Penn 's School of Medicine is currently ranked # 3 in the nation in U.S. News & World Report 's survey of top research - oriented medical schools ; and , according to the National Institutes of Health , received over $ 366 million in NIH grants ( excluding contracts ) in the 2008 fiscal year .
Supporting 1,700 fulltime faculty and 700 students , the School of Medicine is recognized worldwide for its superior education and training of the next generation of physician - scientists and leaders of academic medicine .
The University of Pennsylvania Health System ( UPHS ) includes its flagship hospital , the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania , rated one of the nation 's top ten " Honor Roll hospitals by U.S. News & World Report ; Pennsylvania Hospital , the nation 's first hospital ; and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center , named one of the nation 's " 100 Top Hospitals " for cardiovascular care by Thomson Reuters .
In addition UPHS includes a primary - care provider network ; a faculty practice plan ; home care , hospice , and nursing home ; three multispecialty satellite facilities ; as well as the Penn Medicine at Rittenhouse campus , which offers comprehensive inpatient rehabilitation facilities and outpatient services in multiple specialties .
The Department of Ophthalmology at Penn manages care for adults at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania , at Scheie Eye Institute , and also for children at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
The Department also houses the F.M. Kirby Center for Molecular Ophthalmology , founded in 1994 .
The Center was the first molecular biology center devoted to developing gene therapy for hereditary causes of vision loss .
The Center serves as home to the laboratories of seven investigators who conduct research on the cellular and molecular biology of eye disease and visual function .
About The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia : The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia was founded in 1855 as the nation 's first pediatric hospital .
Through its long - standing commitment to providing exceptional patient care , training new generations of pediatric healthcare professionals and pioneering major research initiatives , Children 's Hospital has fostered many discoveries that have benefited children worldwide .
Its pediatric research program is among the largest in the country , ranking third in National Institutes of Health funding .
In addition , its unique family - centered care and public service programs have brought the 430 - bed hospital recognition as a leading advocate for children and adolescents .
For more information , visit http://www. chop. edu .
The Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at Children 's Hospital was established in 2005 , with a mission of fostering a multidisciplinary approach to the development of new cell and gene therapies for the treatment of serious and debilitating childhood disorders .
The Center conducts cutting edge research in gene transfer , gene regulation , gene discovery , stem cell biology , experimental models of disease , and correction of genetic disease .
Consistent with Children 's Hospital 's research mission to transform scientific insights into improved medical therapies , the Center has the capacity to support rapid translation of promising results from the laboratory to the clinic , through facilities for manufacturing clinical - grade gene therapy vectors for clinical studies , and through specialized regulatory support for the design and implementation of clinical trials of complex , novel classes of therapeutics .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Usama Bin Laden ’s latest screed on the Western evacutation from Afghanistan is the height of hypocrisy , since Bin Laden actively connived at getting Western troops to go there .
Abdel Bar Atwan is a prominent Arab journalist and intellectual .
Here what he said about his meeting with Bin Laden in 1996 :
‘ Osama Bin Laden told me when I interviewed him in November 1996 , “ I ca n’t fight the Americans on the American mainland .
It is too far .
But if I succeed in bringing the Americans where I can find them , where I can fight them on my own terms , on my turf , on my own ground , this will be the greatest success . ” ’
The USG Open Source Center translated Bin Laden ’s newly - released message to Europe on withdrawing from Afghanistan from the German subtitles .
Bin Ladin Sends Message to ‘ People of Europe , ’ Urging Withdrawal From Afghanistan
Jihadist websites — OSC Summary
Friday , September 25 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
On 25 September , a forum participant posted to a jihadist website links to download an audio statement from Al - Qa’ida leader Usama Bin Ladin .
The statement , entitled “ A Message From Shaykh Usama Bin Ladin to the People of Europe , ” is 4 minutes , 47 seconds in length , and in Arabic with German and English subtitles available .
The video shows as still photograph of Bin Ladin .
The following is a translation of the German subtitles :
( Insert ) Say to those who disbelieve , if they desist , that which is past shall be forgiven to them ; and if they return , then what happened to the ancients has already passed .
( 8:38 )
( Subtitles )
All praise be to Allah , who forbade himself injustice and forbade it us ( people ) .
To the European people : Peace to those who follow the path of righteousness .
You know that violations bring down their originators and that injustice has deadly consequences .
And killing people is an enormous injustice .
This is precisely what your governments and soldiers are doing in Afghanistan under the cover of NATO .
They kill children , women , and the elderly , because Bush was angry with them .
Even though you know that they were in no way aggressive against Europe nor had any connections with the events in the United States .
So why do you violate values that you consider sacred , such as justice and human rights ?
Cont ’d ( click below or on “ comments ” )
Thus , would it not be appropriate to thoroughly think about this matter and to ask the people of reason and sensibility ?
Not much longer , and the war in Afghanistan will be over .
Afterwards not even a trace of the Americans will be found there .
Much rather , they will retreat far away behind the Atlantic , if Allah so wishes .
Then only we and you will be left .
Then , whoever was done an injustice , will revenge himself on that person who did him an injustice .
You are learning a lesson in Georgia , a state that is close to you .
Its inhabitants were bombed and humiliated .
They asked the Americans for help , to regain their sovereignty over what they had lost .
But the Americans had only empty words for them .
When they then screamed for help loudly , the American warships came .
However , they did not come to reestablish sovereignty over Ossetia and Abkhazia , but to offer them something they do not need : some tents , a bit of food , and detergent .
Therefore , think about this very thoroughly , because a sensible person does not waste his children and his property in the interest of a gang in Washington .
It is a disgrace for a person to be a member of an alliance , whose greatest leader does not care about the blood of the people and deliberately bombs villagers from the air .
And I am one of the witnesses to this !
Then come the Humvees , and when the crew realize that the casualties were children , they let American generosity pour out and give the relatives of the victims $ 100 for every child they killed .
This is a sad fact .
Is it possible to buy a sheep for $ 100 in Europe ?
This is what the lives of our innocent children are worth in the eyes of Washington and its allies !
So , what do you think our reaction will be ?
If you had seen how your American allies and their helpers gathered thousands of Taliban in containers , cramming them in like sardines , then kept them imprisoned until they died or threw them into rivers , then you would have understood the bloody events of Madrid and London .
When the United Nations initiated an investigations of the crimes of the north , the Bush administration put pressure on it and stopped the investigation .
This is what American justice is like .
In summary :
We demand neither something unjust nor absurd ; and it is certainly part of justice for you to stop your injustice and withdraw your soldiers .
It would also be sensible not to treat your neighbors badly .
When Europe suffers from an economic crisis today , when its center is no longer topping the list of the world ’s export nations , and the United States has started to sway strongly because of the bloodletting caused by the economic war , then what will it be like for you after the withdrawal of the Americans —
God willing — when we decide to revenge ourselves for the oppression on the oppressor ?
Happy is whoever learns a lesson from the mistakes committed by others .
Modest precautions are better than expensive follow - up care .
Returning to truth is better than insisting on falsehood .
And peace be upon those who follow the path of righteousness .
( Insert )
And if they incline to peace , then incline to it and trust in Allah ; surely He is the Hearing , the Knowing .
( 8:61 )
End / ( Not Continued )
This is the notepad ( the pencil and paper kind ) that in the late 80s / early 90s inspired an IBM researcher to name the company ’s new mobile computer the ThinkPad .
To me , the IBM ThinkPad was the classic laptop computer to have .
At least that was the case until I went full - time Apple and the Chinese got a hold of the brand .
At any rate , it is interesting to see the little promotional give - away that inspired a massive brand .
Recently I received an email that touched my heart - and brought back memories of some very special clients .
A few years ago , I spent 5 days in the fall showing property to a young married couple who wanted to buy a vacation home in our mountains .
On Saturday morning I faced every working mother 's worst nightmare - a conflict left me with no babysitter for my daughter Dani , then 7 years old , and a full schedule of properties to view .
I had never taken one of my children along on an appointment before but I was n't comfortable leaving a child that age home alone for several hours , so I made her PROMISE to behave herself and not say a word and off we went .
I met the couple at my office , introduced my daughter and apologized for the situation .
They were very understanding and we headed off to look at houses with my daughter sitting in the backseat with the wife while I sat up front with the husband .
The first house on our list had been vacant for several months .
I unlocked the door , ushered everyone inside ... and my daughter immediately wrinkled up her nose and said " Whew !
This place STINKS ! "
After a moment of shocked silence we all burst out laughing .
After all , how could I chastise my daughter for speaking the truth ?
That broke the ice and we had a delightful few hours together , as Dani entertained the couple , who were childless , with her stories of day to day life in our family .
Eventually my husband met us and took my daughter home but the rest of the day the couple had more questions about my daughter than about any of the houses we saw .
Dani spent the first 4 ½ years of her life speaking Mandarin Chinese living in a state - run orphanage with over 100 other little girls in Hainan , China .
They asked if I 'd be willing to talk about the circumstances that led to her becoming a part of our family .
I told the story that still brings tears to my eyes , how I 'd learned of the little girls in China , how my daughter 's soul had called to mine at 3 AM for a solid month afterwards , about the adoption process and our journey to China with our youngest son to bring home a little sister for him .
I talked about how difficult it was for her to come to a strange place with strange people at her age , how hard it was for her to learn to accept and then to trust us ... and , finally , about the day that she reached in and touched my heart .
The next day , they never showed up at the office and I found out they had checked out of their hotel .
I wondered if I had overstepped the bounds by sharing so much of my personal life with a client and somehow offended them .
Late in the day , I got a message from the wife .
She thanked me for the time I spent with them and said they had decided against buying a vacation home .
She explained that she was unable to have children and always wanted to adopt .
Her husband had been married before and his only child died at an early age .
The grief he and his first wife faced led to their divorce .
He had been unwilling to adopt because he did n't think he could accept a child that was n't " his . "
But on the way home , he told his wife that after seeing how my daughter interacted with all of us , and hearing our story , he was ready to consider adoption .
They decided to take the money they planned to use for a vacation house and adopt a little girl instead .
Not long ago , I got an email from them , thanking me for changing their lives and telling me of their happiness with little Mia .
All I could think of was that commercial -
1 commission lost - $ $ $
3 lives made happier - Priceless
Here 's my beautiful daughter Danielle
I interviewed Michael Moore for a few minutes in between his media stops about his new movie called Capitalism , A Love Story which I reviewed here .
As we discussed his film , the topic of conservatism , hate speech and FOX News came up and I asked him if he would consider going back on FOX News again .
His responses were interesting and I think FOX News will go scrambling to book him after they hear what Michael had to say .
I also think Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck will not be happy campers .
Moore :
Then I will make a point during this tour to try and go on one of their shows and give them something - something ...
Amato :
That would get huge ratings and it's also really enjoyable to see you kick them around because you know the type of Democrat that go on most of the time that are just so weak and that 's the way they like them so that they can serve them up and kick them around .
I stayed off because somebody at the studio told me that whenever I go on their ratings go up and I 'm not interested in helping them sell products and make money for themselves and having said that I 'm ready to tee up ( garbled audio , but I think he said Hannity ) Hannity I think pretty soon .
Moore : Yes , I would go back on FOX again .
I would not go on Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck because they use far too much hate speech and calls for violence and I cannot participate with anyone that goes down that road .
The attacks on President Obama by FOX News programs have been profoundly upsetting and as much as I object at times to lefties that go on FOX , I have to say that it would be very enjoyable to see Michael smack down Roger Ailes crew .
Do you think Michael will go on Hannity since he wo n't do they Beck or O'Reilly ?
Sheppard Smith might be a good choice .
And you can be sure that O'Reilly will whine about this .
The reason I asked the question is because I 've seen Moore duke it out with Bill O'Reilly before and they were very good segments to watch .
Michael Moore : [ laughing ]
It 's been two years , and if they had to beat somebody it might as well have been the Washington Redskins .
But I feel sorry for the Redskins as it ’s going to be a trivia answer for the next few decades .
John Amato : I just want to say one thing here before we get going .
How about those Lions ?
John Amato :
This is John Amato from Crooks and Liars and I am joined by the great movie maker Michael Moore and he has a new movie out " Capitalism : A Love Story . "
Hey Michael , thanks for joining me .
John Amato :
And you have Jim Zorn on the hot seat .
You know if you saw this or had a chance to check this out but you know that whole game follows along the lines of what your movie has been talking about , because I do n't know if you are aware but the NFL has imposed the old black - out laws and rules for home games .
So in other words , if they 're not sold out local TV areas are not allowed to broadcast games to the fans .
So , in Detroit and Jacksonville with Detroit 30 % unemployment the` fans cannot see any home games and the NFL when asked about it completely turned their backs on the fans of Detroit .
It 's truly stunning to me - have you heard about that so far ?
Michael Moore : Yes I have .
And it might be best that the people in Detroit are n't able to watch the Lions because I think there might be riots in the streets .
John Amato : I hear you but you know it goes back to what your movie is talking about because when you talk about " Capitalism : A Love Story " obviously greed is a big part of what fuels capitalism and I was listening to a sports talk show host questioning ( sic ) Goodell the NFL commissioner and just pleaded with him to show the games to Detroit .
I mean , they 're making billions of dollars now and when they first imposed those rules and regulations they were obviously afraid that TV would undermine the NFL and Roger Goodell just said " I 'm sorry , there 's nothing I can do . "
Michael Moore : Yeah , well that 's the way it is .
I mean , we live in the two Americas - one America is the wealthiest 1 % that have has much financial wealth as the bottom 95 % combined .
And that 95 % is the other America that 's struggling to get by .
John Amato :
Did you have some idea in mind when it started ?
( Sic ) Did it overall morph into what we have today ?
Because I know you started this movie a little while ago ; how did it - did it stay on course from your original premise ?
Michael Moore :
Well after the crash , it took a slightly different turn .
I started out by supporting capitalism and its immorality and its lack of democracy .
But when the crash happened it revealed a third problem with it which was that it does n't work .
And Wall Street essentially handed a gift to the people by showing that all the emperors of Wall Street had no clothes on .
John Amato :
In the beginning of the movie you start the Romans , the old footage .
Was that from a ' 50s movie ?
Michael Moore : Yes , that was from an Encyclopedia Britannica 1950s movie they made to show in schools .
John Amato : you have such a great sense of humor in all your movies when you see that .
People do n't want to admit that an empire could fail and especially the Roman Empire which ruled most of the world at that time .
Michael Moore :
That 's correct .
But you know the comparisons between their decline and our decline are quite evident .
And there 's a part of me that believes that it may just be too late to turn things around , though I do n't know that I 'd ever really want to turn it around to what it was .
Because it never really was what it claimed to be , The American Dream .
It was really intended for a few , it was a pyramid scheme .
It still is where just a few get sit on top and everybody else is told if they just work hard enough they can be on top too .
But of course it 's all a lie .
Amato :
You hear the conservatives " just work hard . "
Especially from Bill O'Reilly " right , if you just pull up your boot straps ... if you get out there , you too can be like Bill O'Reilly and make 10 billion dollars and promote lies all day . "
Michael Moore :
Well , that ’s the rap that they give people and sadly too many millions fall for it .
Amato : Would you ever go back on Fox again ?
Michael Moore :
Um , yes I would go back on Fox .
I would not go back on Bill O'Reilly because there is far too much hate speech and calls for violence .
I cannot participate in anybody who goes down that road .
I 've sort of stayed off because I realized - somebody at the studio told me every time I 'm on the ratings go up and I 'm not that interested in helping them sell products and make money for themselves .
Having said that , I 'm ready to tee up Hannity I think [ ca n't hear / ca n't understand ] pretty soon .
John Amato :
That would get huge ratings .
It 's also really enjoyable to see you kick them around a little because you know the type of Democrats that go on Fox most of the time are just so weak , and that 's the way they like them , so the can serve them up and kick them around .
Michael Moore : Right .
Well then I will make a point during this tour to go on one of their shows and give them a little something - something .
John Amato :
Do it for the blogosphere .
Michael Moore : [ laughing ]
For the blogosphere !
This one 's for you !
John Amato :
You know what was really fascinating about the movie also was that FDR footage that you found .
Was it actually called The Second Bill of Rights ?
Michael Moore : Yes .
Yes , and he wanted this filmed , wanted America to be able to see him suggesting that we have a second Bill of Rights - a right to a home , a right to a job , a right to health care .
And he knew that he was n't long for this world .
Unfortunately the footage got lost ; nobody saw it and [ ca n’t hear / understand ] found it .
The Roosevelt historian told us it did n't exist .
We found it in an archive in South Carolina .
John Amato :
It was fascinating ; it was brilliant .
The things that he talks about are exactly what you talk about in your movie .
Because you talk a lot about your own family and your history .
Like you , my father did n't work for one company , he did n't have much education but he finally got a union job when he was 40 years old .
And through that union job he was able to support my mother and myself and my sister .
And when he retired he was able to retire with dignity .
And that 's exactly what happened with your father .
Michael Moore :
That 's correct , right .
I know , it 's - that 's why I say we may have slid too far down the slope .
I 'm not sure .
I try to be optimistic about this but I realize that a lot has gone now , a lot of time has passed and they 've gotten away literally with murder .
Only a huge concerted effort , a movement by millions of people - let 's just say the millions who put Barack Obama into office - if everybody got active like they were last year .
We might have a chance .
John Amato :
That is true .
And you would have figured that the anger of what happened on Wall Street would have carried over , but instead we had this right wing CNBC reporter Rick Santelli that was used by the rich and the health insurance ( sic ) to start these tea parties .
They took this sort of anger and made a false populism out of it for the Republicans - has that surprised you as much as it has me ?
Michael Moore :
No , because I think that the historically the right wing in this country and other countries has always used times when working people are hurting .
They seek to manipulate them with fear and scapegoating and the like .
So , I 'm not surprised that they tried to do it this time .
John Amato : Mike , I want to thank you for spending a few minutes .
Michael Moore : Thank you John .
Thank you for all the good work that you guys do , it 's so important .
John Amato :
We 're up 24/7 fighting the good fight .
I appreciate it Michael .
Go to your next location , kick it and we 'll be in touch .
Michael Moore : Let 's do this again .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention caused quite a stir last week when word slipped out that the agency was considering , for the first time , making public health recommendations concerning circumcision .
In terms of a woman 's health , circumcision makes sense because it lowers a man 's risk of getting infected with HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases and , thus , decreases his likelihood of transmitting them to his female partner .
That 's probably why the editorial board of the San Francisco Chronicle has come out supporting recommendations , expected to be issued by the CDC next year , in favor of circumcision to " curb the spread of HIV and other infections . "
But those vehemently opposed to circumcision — who call themselves " intactivists " — have expressed outrage that the government is thinking about recommending that all newborn boys be circumcised .
They contend it 's a form of mutilation that destroys a man 's ability to fully experience sexual pleasure .
I 'm wondering why the CDC is choosing to tackle this controversial cultural issue at this particular time , when Americans ' tempers are already flaring over healthcare reform , and rumors of so - called death panels that will determine whether you live or die just wo n't go away even though there 's no mention of them in the legislation .
There 's just as much potential here for the spreading of misinformation .
Case in point :
One headline today reads " CDC Proposing Manditory [ sic ] Circumcision for Newborn Babies . "
That , of course , is a far cry from the truth .
As the CDC's Web site states , the " final circumcision recommendations will be completely voluntary . "
The agency says it has n't decided yet on the final content of the recommendations and whether they will actually include wording that recommends the procedure for all newborns or merely recommends that doctors educate parents about the potential benefits and risks to help them make an informed decision .
The CDC may also make special recommendations for adult men who are at high risk of contracting HIV due to having a female partner who 's infected and for men who have sex with other men .
At the moment , the agency has n't decided what to recommend or whether to issue any recommendations at all .
CDC officials are reviewing the latest studies from Africa showing reduced rates of HIV infections in men who were circumcised as adults .
These studies also found that circumcised men were less likely to become infected with the herpes virus and the human papillomavirus ( HPV ) , which can cause cervical cancer in women .
From this , many experts have drawn the conclusion that circumcised men are less likely to spread certain sexually transmitted diseases to women .
Hence , some say , circumcision should be advocated in newborns as part of a public health campaign .
I think , though , that this issue is actually far more complex .
Circumcision is not just a medical procedure but a religious and cultural one .
Judaism prescribes it on the eighth day after birth , while in Islam , boys may be circumcised anytime from birth to puberty .
As a cultural issue , most Americans have come to accept it as the norm ( although it 's less popular today than it was 20 years ago ) .
Europeans , on the other hand , have never embraced it .
In the Philippines , two thirds of teenage boys who responded to a recent survey said that they were choosing to get circumcised to avoid being different than their peers , according to this United Nations Web site .
Same , too , in South Korea .
The intactivists , who are growing in number , say that the procedure is barbaric and akin to genital mutilation in females .
In terms of the science , it 's not clear how much circumcision will protect American men from being infected with HIV , where the virus is largely transmitted through homosexual contact .
The studies involving African men suggest that it lessens the likelihood of infection through heterosexual intercourse , but research is n't clear as to whether it protects men from being infected by other men .
Other research has shown that circumcised men already infected with HIV are just as likely to transmit the infection to women as uncircumcised men .
And that leads to the larger potential pitfall of a public policy advocating circumcision :
Men may mistakenly think that if they 're circumcised , they 're protected from sexually transmitted diseases and do n't need to wear condoms — clearly not the message that the CDC wants to transmit .
Even now , with all the publicity the African studies have received , I think many women wrongly believe they do n't need to push a circumcised partner to use prophylactics .
Certainly , the debate is n't about mandatory snipping in the hospital cradle or whether circumcision will solve the AIDS crisis .
But I do think CDC folks will have to evaluate the latest research carefully before deciding to take a cultural practice and turn it into a public health mission .
This poll is now closed , but the debate continues in the comments section .
Should the government recommend circumcision for all newborn boys ?
We can carry Barack Obama 's message of hope and change to every family in America .
And pledge that we will be there for him , not only in the heat of this election but in the aftermath as we put his agenda to work for our country .
We can tell Republicans and independents , as well as Democrats , exactly why our nation so badly needs a change from the approach of Bush , Cheney and McCain .
After they wrecked our economy , it is time for a change .
After they abandoned the search for the terrorists who attacked us and redeployed the troops to invade a nation that did not attack us , it 's time for a change .
Principle VI
The crimes hereinafter set out are punishable as crimes under international law :
1. Crimes against peace :
1. Planning , preparation , initiation or waging of a war of aggression or a war in violation of international treaties , agreements or assurances ;
2. Participation in a common plan or conspiracy for the accomplishment of any of the acts mentioned under ( i ) .
2 . War crimes :
Violations of the laws or customs of war which include , but are not limited to , murder , ill - treatment or deportation to slave - labor or for any other purpose of civilian population of or in occupied territory , murder or illtreatment of prisoners of war , of persons on the seas , killing of hostages , plunder of public or private property , wanton destruction of cities , towns , or villages , or devastation not justified by military necessity .
3. Crimes against humanity :
Murder , extermination , enslavement , deportation and other inhuman acts done against any civilian population , or persecutions on political , racial or religious grounds , when such acts are done or such persecutions are carried on in execution of or in connection with any crime against peace or any war crime .
Principle VII
Complicity in the commission of a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity as set forth in Principles VI is a crime under international law .
If you have ever wondered how a serial murderer -- a murderer who is sane and fully aware of the acts he has committed -- can remain steadfastly convinced of his own moral superiority and show not even the slightest glimmer of remorse , you should not wonder any longer .
The United States government is such a murderer .
It conducts its murders in full view of the entire world .
It even boasts of them .
...
We are a nation that has voluntarily renounced all its most crucial values , and all its founding principles .
We can appeal all we want to " American exceptionalism , " but any " exceptionalism " that remains ours is that of a mass murderer without a soul , and without a conscience .
We have destroyed the most basic foundation of liberty -- and the nature and meaning of our act has already , in less than a couple of weeks , almost entirely vanished from public discussion .
It is useless to appeal to any " American " sense of morality : we have none .
It does not matter how immense the pile of corpses grows : we will not surrender or even question our delusion that we are right , and that nothing we do can be profoundly , unforgivably wrong .
...
No moral principle legitimizes our invasion and occupation of Iraq , just as it will not justify an attack on Iran .
Therefore , when the first person was killed in Iraq as the result of our actions , the immorality was complete .
The crime had been committed , and no amends could ever suffice or would even be possible .
That many additional tens or hundreds of thousands of people have subsequently been killed or injured does not add to the original immorality with regard to first principles .
It increases its scope , which is an additional and terrible horror -- but the principle is not altered in the smallest degree .
...
Iraq did not attack us .
Iraq did not threaten us .
Our leaders knew it .
Our invasion and occupation of Iraq were blatant , indefensible acts of aggression .
Therefore , when the very first Iraqi was killed as the result of our actions , we had committed an act that was gravely immoral , and entirely unforgivable .
[ T ]he Democrats are not going to impeach any of these criminals , barring events entirely unforeseeable at present .
And they will not for one overwhelmingly significant and determinative reason : always with regard to the underlying principles , and frequently with regard to the specifics , the Democrats are implicated in every single crime with which they would charge the members of the administration .
The Republicans ' crimes are their crimes .
[ T]o acknowledge the millions murdered by the U.S. government and our policy of aggressive military intervention across the globe would subject our own actions to the kinds of judgments that only the United States is entitled to make , and only about the actions of others .
The United States is uniquely exempt from the standards we apply to everyone else ; thus runs the catechism at the church of our inherent national superiority .
After blocking any serious investigation or impeachment hearings on crimes committed by President Bush , Speaker Nancy Pelosi finally addressed the allegations of presidential crimes on that forum of deep intellectual and legal thought : the television show The View .
She agreed to answer a question from Joy Behar , who will have to suffice as a substitute for Peter Rodino .
In a perfectly bizarre moment , Pelosi stated that there is simply no evidence of any crime committed by the President despite the findings of the International Red Cross , various international groups , and a legion of constitutional experts .
It seems that America has now had its impeachment hearing before the august body of Whoopi Goldberg , Barbara Walters , Joy Behar , and Elisabeth Hasselbeck .
Obama , a Harvard law school graduate and former lecturer on constitutional law at the University of Chicago , said impeachment should not be used as a standard political tool .
" I think you reserve impeachment for grave , grave breaches , and intentional breaches of the president 's authority , " he said .
" I believe if we began impeachment proceedings we will be engulfed in more of the politics that has made Washington dysfunction , " he added .
" We would once again , rather than attending to the people 's business , be engaged in a tit - for - tat , back - and - forth , non-stop circus . "
You desperately need to understand this : the next President of the United States , no matter who it is , will enter office knowing that he or she can systematically and regularly authorize torture , order mass murder , direct the United States military to engage in one campaign of criminal conquest and genocide after another , oversee uncountable acts of inhumanity and barbarity -- and he or she will never be challenged or called to account in any manner whatsoever .
It may have taken the Bush administration two terms to bring us to the point where such evils are committed and even boasted about in broad daylight , while almost no one even notices -- but this will be where the next President starts .
And for this monstrous , unforgivable fact , you can thank the Democrats and those who whore themselves for the Democrats ' success in our disgustingly meaningless elections .
From Al Gore 's speech tonight One of the Democrats ' already standard slogans in this campaign is that we 've been fighting " the wrong war " -- " the right war " supposedly being the one in Afghanistan ( and possibly Pakistan ) .
Although the line has become common , I do n't recall hearing the point expressed in exactly the way Gore said it .
Perhaps others have said it that way , and I missed it .
As I heard that phrase this evening -- " and redeployed the troops -- I froze for several seconds .
I could n't believe Gore had said it , or that I had heard it .
I doubt that even one commentator will say a word about it .
If you hear or read any remarks about it , please let me know .
I will be extraordinarily surprised .
I similarly doubt that more than one or two bloggers will note Gore 's comment .
Chris Floyd does n't count .
Zeroing in on the meaning of such remarks is one of his many specialties , and bless him for it , two thousand times over .
Here is Al Gore , former Vice President , speaking just a short time before Barack Obama , the Democratic nominee for President of the United States .
Given what we have read about the control exerted at " Obama 's Convention , " we can assume Gore 's speech met with the approval of Obama and / or Obama 's designated staff .
Consider the line again : " and redeployed the troops Iraq did not attack us .
Therefore , the United States was not acting in self - defense .
The invasion of Iraq was an act of aggression .
Thus , the invasion and subsequent occupation of Iraq constitute an ongoing war crime , indeed a huge , horrifying series of ongoing war crimes .
The war crimes continue today , and will continue tomorrow .
Those people who have been paying attention , and who understood that the propaganda spewed forth by the U.S. government and our subservient media was a series of remarkably unsubtle and frequently blatant lies , realized this would be the case before the invasion in March 2003 .
But the U.S. government and our subservient media deny it to this day .
If they go so far as to admit that the war was a mistake ( which many still will not ) , they insist it was an " honest mistake , " one based on " bad intelligence . "
But that 's a lie , and it relies on a profound misunderstanding of the role of intelligence in decisions of policy .
At worst , politicians and most of those in the media will say only that the invasion of Iraq was a " blunder , " perhaps a terrible one , but still only a " blunder .
" But Al Gore said we invaded " a nation that did not attack us . "
The United States committed That 's what Gore 's statement means .
Do not expect anyone to acknowledge that is what it means .
Consider the Principles of the Nuremberg Tribunal All of these provisions apply to the United States invasion and occupation of Iraq .
And always remember that the U.S. invasion and occupation unleashed a genocide
So which individuals are guilty of the commission of crimes against peace , war crimes and crimes against humanity ?
Certainly all the major officials of the Bush administration during the period of the planning and implementation of the invasion of Iraq and during the subsequent occupation .
Gore refers to " they , " dishonestly attempting to place all responsibility with the Republicans .
The facts and the historical record will not support flimsy strategems of this kind .
So add to the list of criminals all those in Congress who voted for the Iraq AUMF , as well as all those who voted to fund the war and the continuing occupation .
With regard to the Bush administration and Congress during the relevant time period , I think the list of those who areguilty would be very short , indeed .
To my knowledge , that list would include only Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich .
( If there are one or two others , my apologies .
But there are certainly not more than a few others . )
And who is one of the people who has repeatedly voted to fund the occupation of Iraq ?
That 's right : Barack Obama .
Obama , the Democratic nominee for President , is guilty of crimes against peace , war crimes and crimes against humanity .
Al Gore told you that , and he is entirely correct .
Yet the meaning of Gore 's statement will go completely unremarked .
You may wonder why that is .
This is why Tonight , Al Gore told us all that he agrees .
The crimes of those Republicans who supported these actions are unspeakable and eternally unforgivable .
Yet the crimes of the Democrats who supported the same actions are still worse .
The Democrats insist that they think the invasion and occupation of Iraq were wrong , yet they have continued to fund it , even though it has been within their power to defund it entirely for over a year and a half -- and , of equal and even greater significance in one sense , the DemocratsBut how can they hold anyone responsible ?
They would have to hold themselves responsible as well I wrote that just over a year ago .
But no one will ever be held to account for the crimes committed by the United States , for the United States makes the rules and is their sole enforcer
Not a single individual will ever be held responsible for the crimes of the United States , crimes which continue as I write this .
Nancy Pelosi has said so And Barack Obama has said so We have witnessed an ongoing series of monstrous war crimes , a genocide , countless lives destroyed forever -- but to hold even one person responsible would be to engage in " a tit - for - tat , back - and - forth , non - stop circus .
"
In his speech tonight , Barack Obama said not a word about holding anyone responsible for these crimes .
But as noted above , how could he ?
He would have to hold himself responsible , too .
Besides , if Obama is elected President , it will be time for " unity , " and time " to move on . "
Accountability ?
Justice ?
Forget it .
And that brings us precisely here
If you vote for the candidate of one of the two major parties , this is your choice : John McCain , war criminal -- or Barack Obama , war criminal .
In view of all this , are people still going to seriously tell me -- are they going totell me -- that it is crucial to vote for Obama , because McCain is a crazy old man ?
Why exactly ?
Are they going to tell me it is critical for Obama to be the next President so that But , they will whine , Obama would never do that .
They mayhe will not , and I hope they are right -- although the prospects are alarming in the extreme -- but he will have theto do all of it .
There is only so much I can stomach , and there are limits to what I will support .
I will not vote for a war criminal , especially a war criminal who has insulated himself from all accountability for his own acts .
Barring unexpected developments , I refuse to vote for either of these men .
They are both vile , cynical , lying , ignoble , contemptible , sickening human beings .
I therefore intend to follow a very different course
But one of these men will be the next President .
May
God have pity on us , and may God have pity on the world .
Palm has unveiled its plans for the WebOS developer program , which is scheduled to officially launch in December .
It will enable third - party developers to broadly distribute their own software applications for Palm 's Linux - based mobile platform .
Palm 's WebOS application platform takes advantage of standards - based Web technologies , making it possible for developers to build complete applications with HTML , CSS , and JavaScript .
Underlying device functionality is exposed through specialized JavaScript APIs and HTML 5 features are used to support graphics programming and video capabilities .
This model lowers the barrier to entry and allows Web developers to transfer their existing skills to the WebOS platform .
Palm has a major opportunity to attract a lot of talented Web developers to its mobile platform , but will only succeed in doing so if the WebOS developer program is easy to navigate and painless for participants .
It 's important for Palm to manage the developer program with a high level of transparency and provide clarity about the standards of its application approval process at an early stage .
The company 's announcement on Tuesday is a positive step in the right direction .
Palm faced some tough questions last month when well - known developer Jamie Zawinski wrote a blog entry criticizing the company 's developer pilot program .
He described the App Catalog submission process as a " Kafka - esque nightmare " and expressed frustration with Palm 's mixed messages about the admissibility of open source software in the App Catalog .
Zawinski also pointed out that the $ 99 - per - year fee that third - party WebOS developers have to pay in order to make their software available to end users is going to make it very difficult for open source software developers to embrace the platform .
Despite this nasty start , Palm is getting the developer program back on track and putting it on the right course .
In a major policy turn - around , Palm has revealed that developers will be allowed to distribute WebOS applications on the Internet without having to use the App Catalog .
Software that is made available in this manner will not have to undergo Palm 's application review process .
Developers will simply submit their software to an automated system that generates a special link which users can click to install the program .
The App Catalog will still be available , however , for developers who want to make their software available through a more direct distribution channel that is tightly integrated with the platform .
Software that is distributed through the App Catalog will still have to undergo a review process .
Developers will receive 70 percent of the revenue generated from sales of their applications through the App Catalog .
Developers will have to pay $ 50 for each application that they submit .
Developers will still have to pay $ 99 per year to participate in the WebOS developer program .
This will be required regardless of whether the developer makes software available through the App Catalog or through other channels .
As a gesture in " appreciation of what the open source movement has contributed to the web , " Palm says that it will waive the fee for developers who are making open source software available for WebOS .
Dion Almaer and Ben Galbraith , well - known and highly respected figures in the Web development community , were recently hired by Palm to lead the company 's developer relations team .
Almaer and Galbraith are the cofounders of Ajaxian , a popular blog about emerging trends and technologies in Web development .
Prior to joining Palm , they worked for Mozilla Labs where they launched the Bespin project .
They bring much - needed expertise to Palm and will hopefully be able to teach the company how to build a sustainable community around its platform .
In a blog entry posted Monday , Almaer describes his vision for the future of mobile platforms and discusses some of Palm 's plans for the WebOS developer program .
" Many of us see in the web the potential to be The Platform that we can use across all of these emerging devices to bring sanity to application development .
Imagine a world where you can develop Web applications that you can deploy to a plethora of devices and form factors .
We have a real opportunity to make this world a reality , and it will take the entire Web community to make this happen , " he wrote .
" We announced tonight that we 've decided to free developers to release and market their applications via the web . "
Palm is still committed to making building a top - notch marketplace for developers who want to use the App Catalog as a delivery channel , he says , but he 's convinced that the Web is ultimately the future of software deployment .
" We actually want the web to win for distribution .
We want to see people innovate in marketing their applications themselves and solving the app discovery problem , " he wrote .
The exact nature of the alternate Web distribution model is n't entirely clear yet .
The use of special links that are provided by Palm makes it sound like the company is n't going to completely relinquish its role as gatekeeper , but it 's definitely an improvement .
Allowing open source developers to avoid the $ 99 annual fee is also a very positive move and one that could potentially help enrich the WebOS third - party software ecosystem .
The local paper reporting this story quoted the teacher saying , " I have been suspended , but not without pay , " Delong , of Carlinville , said Wednesday .
" But I would rather not comment further until I speak with my union representative . "
In true student - activism fashion , a Facebook group called " Bring back Mr. Delong " has been created to show support and share information about this situation .
I thank this group for sharing this photo .
Mr. Delong is reportedly a married , heterosexual teacher who identifies as an ally of the GLBTQ community and clearly has the respect and admiration of his students .
This is just one of many examples of how teachers are taught to be conservative and non-controversial and why GLBTQ youth do n't feel safe in schools .
If a school district considers teaching with a scientific article written by a professor at Stanford University and published in a popular science magazine as controversial and worthy of suspension - then how can we convince other educators to stand up and teach critically ?
In order to help students learn to become critical thinkers and active citizens in a participatory democracy , it is essential to have teachers encourage students to question normative thinking and learn to critically evaluate information for themselves -- particulary with respect to sex , , and .
How suspending Mr. Delong teaches and intolerance
Mr. Delong 's assigned reading asks students to question the dominance and " naturalness " of heterosexuality .
He is helping his students understand concepts such as heterosexism and heteronormativity .
The concept of and subsequently heterosexuality is just over a century old ( Jagose , 1996 , 17 ) .
The resulting prejudice against those who deviate from this social script has been carefully developed by institutional heterosexism through the powerful institutional discourses of organized religion , medicine , sexology , , and psychology ( Bem , 1993 , 81 ) .
Sandra
Bem explains how the cultural lens of gender polarization works to reinforce heterosexuality by serving two major functions , " first , it defines mutually exclusive scripts for being male and female .
Second , it defines any person or behavior that deviates from these scripts as problematic ... taken together , the effect of these two processes is to construct and naturalize a gender - polarizing link between the sex of one 's body and the character of one 's psyche and one 's sexuality " ( 1993 , 81 ) .
These powerful social discourses are generated through various institutions including schools .
Educational structures wield extraordinary ideological power due to their role in teaching what the culture has deemed as important and valuable to future generations .
Ministries of , textbook publishers , and teachers , determine what lessons are passed on to students and whose knowledge or " truth " is valued ( Apple , 1990 , 2000 ) .
Subsequently , schools are important sites that contribute to the normalization of heterosexual behavior .
Ironically , schools make efforts to de-sexualize the experience of students while they simultaneously , subtly yet clearly , affirm heterosexual behavior and punish those who appear to deviate from it .
Epstein and Johnson explain , " Schools go to great lengths to forbid expressions of sexuality by both children and teachers .
This can be seen in a range of rules , particularly those about self - presentation .
On the other hand , and perhaps in consequence , expressions of sexuality provide a major currency and resource in the everyday exchanges of school life .
Second , the forms in which sexuality is present in schools and the terms on which sexual identities are produced are heavily determined by power relations between teachers and taught , the dynamics of control and resistance " ( 1998 , p. 108 ) .
These acts of surveillance are rooted in Foucault 's ( 1975 ) concept of the Panopticon - an all - seeing , yet completely invisible source of power and control .
This type of surveillance and control is particularly effective because we all unknowingly contribute to it unless we actively work to make it visible by questioning and challenging it .
This is part of the task for queer theory .
Another example of this panopticonic power is seen in what Mills ( 1996 ) calls ‘ containment discourses ' .
He explains how these methods of control are employed to limit work by teachers that push the boundaries of what is " comfortable . "
The discourse of teacher ‘ professionalism ' is one of the most powerful educational discourses in its containment of teacher - student challenges to the existing heteronormative order .
It regulates and monitors the boundaries between students and teachers so that much remains deliberately unspoken or unconsciously unseen .
Teachers who resist the heteronormativity of the school , of one 's teaching peers , are liable to be accused of unprofessional activity or have their careers ended ( cited in Martino & Pallotta - Chiarolli , 2003 , 227 ) .
This is one of the most powerful ways that schools reinforce heterosexism .
Through the surveillance and policing of bodies and language , school structures mandate hyper - heterosexuality using the curriculum and extra-curricular activities .
The heterosexuality of the curriculum is invisible to many , but some examples include : the exclusive study of heterosexual romantic literature , the presentation of the ‘ nuclear ' heterosexual two - parent family as the norm and ideal , and teaching only the reproductive aspects of sexuality and abstinence - only sex education .
Other forms of relationships and the concept of desire , or eros , are completely omitted from the official curriculum ( Britzman , 2000 ; Pinar , 1998 ) .
Extra-curricular functions that teach this hyper - heterosexuality include Valentine 's Day gift exchanges , kissing booths at school fairs , and deeply entrenched prom rituals that include highly gendered formal attire ( tuxedos and gowns ) and the election of a " king " and a " queen " .
This prom ritual has begun to be subverted by alternative proms often organized by gay - straight alliances or community youth groups .
At these events there are often two kings ( a male king and female " drag king " ) and two queens ( a female queen and a male " drag queen " ) .
Art Lipkin's ( 1999 ) groundbreaking work , Understanding Homosexuality , Changing schools , provides in - depth accounts of the experienced by gay , lesbian , and bisexual educators as well as the painful and enduring stories of students who were emotionally and physically harassed for their perceived or actual non-heterosexual , non-gender conforming performance of .
In other words , schools are not safe for " guys who are n't as masculine as other guys " or " girls who are n't as feminine as other girls " ( Coalition , 2004 ) .
Although the people in control of the school are not directly inflicting the harassment and harm on the non-conforming students ( in most cases ) , it is their lack of effective intervention in cases of homophobic and sexual harassment ( Coalition , 2004 ; Harris , 2001 ; Kosciw & Diaz , 2006 ; NMHA , 2002 ) along with the invisible scripts of the school that are reinforced through surveillance and discipline that sends the message that these borderland identities are not valued or welcomed .
Heterosexism and its more overt partner , homophobia , are very clearly linked to cultural gender boundaries and are informed by the imbedded practice of misogyny .
The most effective challenge to any boy 's masculinity is to call him ‘ gay ' , ‘ homo ' , ‘ fag ' , or ‘ queer ' ( Epstein & Johnson , 1998 ; Mac an Ghaill , 1995 ; Martino & Pallotta - Chiarolli , 2003 ) .
What is being challenged is his masculinity - his gender code - but it is being done by accusing him of being gay which is equated with being ‘ feminine ' .
Girls are also subject to similar kinds of policing ( Brown , 2003 ; Duncan , 2004 ) , but research shows that it is much more prevalent among male students ( Harris Interactive , 2001 ; Coalition 2004 ) .
It is for this reason that some activists and educators are pushing for a deconstruction of gender codes and de-labeling of sexual orientations .
By continuing to live within prescribed linguistic and behavioral matrices , the hierarchical binaries of male - female and gay - straight remain unchallenged .
This work of dismantling socially invented categories is necessary to create educational spaces that liberate and create opportunities as opposed to limiting and closing down the diversity of human experiences .
We must move towards understanding identities and experiences as falling on a continuum of gender expressions and sexual orientations .
How critical and queer pedagogy and community support can transform schools
In Kevin Kumashiro's ( 2002 ) work , Troubling Education : Queer Activism and Antioppressive Pedagogy he writes , " learning is about disruption and opening up to further learning , not closure and satisfaction " ( 43 ) and that " education involves learning something that disrupts our commonsense view of the world " ( 63 ) .
By doing away with the docile , submissive , " banking " style of learning in schools , we can open up more educational possibilities and socially just experiences for future citizens rather than confine them with ideologies of traditional heterosexist gender roles .
In order to move in this direction , it is important to work through the current obstacles that prevent teachers from teaching critically and connecting with their students and communities in meaningful ways .
In order to move in this direction , we need to support the work of critical educators such as Mr. Delong who through their teaching work to transform oppressive educational spaces .
Parents , educators , and community members need to ensure that critical educators are supported by their unions , their administrators , and their communities when a few " squeaky wheels " try to exert influence over what happens in the classroom .
Parents should not be allowed to silence discussion and close - off important learning opportunities based on their own prejudices and fears .
Please join the Facebook group to show your support for this brave teacher .
We need more leaders like him in the classroom .
Thanks to the Wicked Gay Blog for first bringing this story to my .
Staff at BBC Worldwide have been banned from taking domestic and short - haul flights as part of one of the most wide - ranging green travel programmes yet attempted in the UK .
Executives have been told they can only fly when travelling by train adds more than three hours to the journey .
The edict , from the BBC 's commercial arm , means that staff have to take the train to all domestic locations , as well as European cities as far afield as Strasbourg , Amsterdam and Bordeaux .
In addition , they must formally explain why a meeting cannot be held using one of the company 's five videoconferencing suites before they can book a long - haul flight .
" For some people it has been a bit painful , " admitted David Halford , head of ethical sourcing and environmental policy at the company .
" But we consulted with the board before we introduced the policy and took the view that if we are really serious about cutting emissions it will be painful at times . "
The company 's environmental department also undertook a study of all journeys taken in the year prior to introducing the policy and found that switching to the train would save the organisation money .
" One of the complaints was that rail travel would be more expensive than flying , but we analysed the data from an entire year and that was just not the case , " said Halford .
" We are definitely quids in because of the policy . "
The company 's travel - related carbon emissions have fallen in the past year , although Halford said that at least some of the cuts have been the result of less corporate travel across the business due to the recession .
The flights policy is part of a wide - ranging environmental initiative at BBC Worldwide .
It has moved to new BREEAM Excellent - rated offices in West London , replaced office bins with recycling stations , expanded the use of FSC - certified paper in its magazines , and introduced parking charges in the staff car park to encourage greater use of public transport .
Halford said the changes had been well - received by staff and those seeking to get round the new environmental rules will get short shrift from the company 's management .
" We got the board to sign this strategy off as company policy , " he said .
" Fiddling this will be seen in the same light as fiddling expenses – there will be occasional cases where people have to fly domestically , but they have to have a pretty good reason . "
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday 20 September 2009
At the end of the article below we described Roland de Wolfe as " the first player in the world to win a hat - trick of titles on the European Poker Tour , the World Poker Tour and the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas " but he is actually one of two people with this considerable achievement .
American Gavin Griffin was the first , completing the hat - trick in January 2008 .
I am 12 years old , in Portobello market with my father .
He thinks it 's time for me to start collecting something .
So we are rummaging around the antique shops and the bric - a - brac stalls , looking at ornaments and knick - knacks and pictures and hats and stuffed animals and silver trinkets , deciding what I am going to start collecting .
It 's a beautiful day .
The air is soft and warm , smelling of jasmine and hot - dog stands .
All the stall - holders are chatty and ready to haggle .
I 've got a toffee apple .
In the back of a dusty little shop near the Ladbroke Grove end of the market , my father picks up a china boat .
It has a funnel at each end , also made of china , and if you lift them out they are salt - and - pepper shakers .
The boat is a creamy - pearly colour , with blue piping , and on the side is printed " A Present from Southend - on - Sea " .
" How about that ? " my father says .
I think it is the cleverest , prettiest thing I have ever seen .
It is a lovely shiny object anyway , but it's also a salt - and - pepper set and it's also a boat !
" And it 's a present from Southend - on - Sea , " my father says .
" You could collect china seaside souvenirs .
You could look for ones that said Bournemouth and Weymouth and Margate and Clacton .
That 's about right for a collection : bit difficult to find , but not too difficult . "
We buy it for £ 12 .
" Just enough to make it a significant purchase , " my father says , " but not enough to cripple you . "
The man from the shop wraps it up in newspaper and gives it to me .
And as we walk back down the street , me gingerly clutching what at this point constitutes my entire collection , my father says , " One day , when you 're all grown up and I 'm not here any more , you 'll remember the sunny day we went to the market together and bought a boat . "
My throat feels tight because , as soon as he says it , I am already there .
Standing on another street , without my father , trying to get back .
I try to soak up every aspect of the moment , to help me get back when I need to .
I feel the weight of the chunky parcel under my arm , and the warmth of the sun , and my father 's hand in mine .
I smell the flowers with their sharp undertang of cheap hot - dog , and taste the slick of toffee on my teeth .
I feel the joy of an adventurous Saturday with my father and no school , and I feel the sadness of looking back when it is all gone .
When he is gone .
I 'm 15 years old .
My brother 's game is on the other side of that wall .
It makes the whole house smell of smoke .
It sounds like a murmur and a clatter at once .
Clop - clop go the clay chips .
Clink - burble go the ice cubes and the whisky in the glasses .
The conversation is low , male , rumbly , burst sometimes by laughter or howls of injustice .
It is a rebellious , beckoning sound .
I want to be there .
We 're doing Twelfth Night this term .
I 'm enjoying it .
But right now , I can't read it .
I 've been staring at the same page for an hour .
Do n't want to study Shakespeare .
Do n't want to solve equations , Do n't want to go to bed .
Clink - burble - clatter go the chips and the drinks in the other room .
The smoke floats and the boys laugh .
I want to be there .
The boys speak a weird language of " trips " , " bullets " , " cowboys " for kings and " a nugget " for a pound .
One of them , Matt , wears a T - shirt that says NOT ALL TRAPPERS WEAR FUR HATS .
He is going out with Al Alvarez 's daughter .
That 's why the boys play this funny game that nobody else does , because Alvarez led the way .
Al Alvarez has climbed mountains and written poetry , and he's been to the World Series of Poker , which might as well be the moon , and he has written a book about it .
Al Alvarez is God .
And God knows why but they are suddenly letting me play .
What do they think ?
Maybe it 's funny .
Giles 's kid sister – short , chubby , bookish , growing up slowly – putting her pocket money on the table and trying to fit in with the boys .
I do n't want to flirt with them .
I want to be them .
Big , brash , confident , 18 - year - old boys .
Other girls at school have boyfriends .
Other girls at school are willowy and graceful , flirty and coquettish , flawlessly bred and perfectly dressed and confident .
I still like climbing trees and visiting my grandma .
I 'm from different stock .
My bus home goes north , through Kilburn and up towards Golders Green , instead of west to elegant Richmond and Putney .
I 'm not glamorous .
And I do n't want a boyfriend .
I love boys but I do n't think of them that way , not yet .
When we were 11 years old , we did an exchange programme with our " brother school " and had mixed lessons for a week .
It was brilliant .
The boys mucked around in class , played practical jokes , spent break - time kicking footballs around instead of putting nail varnish on .
It was the most fun I 've ever had at school .
Then the exchange programme finished and all the boys went away again .
I miss them .
My brother 's a poker player but he is n't a gambler , not really .
That 's no thanks to Grandpa Sam .
When we were little , Sam gave us a comprehensive education in blackjack , which he called pontoon .
Here was the lesson : he was always the dealer , and we always lost .
Sometimes we lost enough to buy him a Fry 's Peppermint Cream .
If he was really in form , enough to buy him a packet of Park Lane .
But at the first sound of our parents ' key in the front door , he 'd move like a panther .
By the time my mother and father had walked the three steps to the kitchen , the money had vanished and he was sitting there in all innocence , " showing us a card trick " .
My parents only gamble once a year ; £ 5 each way on four horses in the Grand National .
That 's unless you count their bridge games with Roger and Fiona , every Friday or Sunday night , 10 p a hundred .
But I do n't think that counts .
At the end of every bridge night , they put the losers ' £ 2 or £ 3 or £ 5 into a jar , and at the end of the year they all go out for a big dinner with the money .
So it 's not gambling , really , it 's more like saving .
My father is not going to get sick on the dogs and the football , go skint and lose everything , like his uncles did .
My father is not like them .
He is a self - made man .
He went to university and learned to speak " properly " .
He became editor of Punch magazine .
He sent his children to private school .
My father 's damned if his children are n't going to benefit from his hard work .
They 're not going to be poor .
They 're not going to live and die in Southgate .
And they 're certainly not going to be crooks , or gamblers .
We do n't see much of the extended Corens .
But we hear tales of Uncle Sid who nicked the silver at Dunkirk , Great - Grandpa Dave who went away for GBH on his own son - in - law , Fat Sam 's spat with Ginger Phil , the Wet Fish Corens of Southgate , and the ones who threw their lives away in betting shops .
It 's close enough for my father to be glad he has left it behind .
But I 'm not .
Whenever we do see the relatives , gathered together for weddings or funerals , I love them all .
I loved sitting at the kitchen table with Grandpa while he smoked and dealt and chuckled , " It 'd take a lot of this to kill ya . "
I did n't care that I lost .
I just liked playing .
I hate being at school and I love being at home .
Especially when the house is full of Giles 's friends .
Boys show off and tell jokes , and shout when they 're angry .
They do n't smile and ask personal questions , then bitch behind your back and share your secrets with the class .
They do n't write diaries , all sweetly floral and girlish on the outside , for you to be unable to resist flicking through at break - time , which say things like , " I hope Vicky leaves school soon , we all hate her , the fat cow , " and then smile at you across the tuck shop and ask if you want a Highland Toffee .
Boys say what they think to your face .
Bit harsh , sometimes , but straightforward .
This room feels , for all its billowing smoke and whisky fumes , safe and healthy .
And they are playing this game … you get two cards face - down and one face - up , and you put chips in the pot if you like your cards , and more get dealt .
Or sometimes you only have two cards , and three are dealt face - up in the middle , and you hope that the three in the middle will chime somehow with your secret two .
But even if they do n't , you can pretend that they do .
And if you pretend right , you can double your pocket money .
It is a serious game .
I do n't know if they play well or not , since I barely understand the rules myself , but they play seriously .
Lots of macho stuff and poker jargon that one of them , Matt , has picked up from books and his trip to Vegas .
It 's really cool .
One time , we played all night and whoever won the most money took us all up to the Coffee Cup in Hampstead and bought us breakfast .
My entire poker strategy is based on one of Matt 's phrases , " Do n't disgrace an ace . "
I never pass any hand with an ace in it .
I sit waiting for aces to come .
It is 15 years on and I am playing poker at the Victoria Sporting Club – the Vic – in west London , comfortably in front , when the phone rings and I can see my brother 's name on the screen .
You are not supposed to answer the phone in a game .
I never do .
And yet I know , somehow , at this moment , although my brother and I speak often , that I must take this particular call .
I know it the way you know sometimes at the roulette table that you must bet a certain number .
So I get up and walk slowly away from the table to pick up the phone and I do n't say , " Hello " , I say , " What 's happened ? "
Freddie comes up to me at the cash desk where I am numbly counting out chips , and he says , " What 's happened ? "
I tell him that I do n't quite know what has happened , but my parents are on holiday in France and my father has been taken away in an ambulance .
And my mother is alone in a waiting room in a French hospital .
Fred gives me a solid , gentle hug and I look into his crinkled eyes and he tells me it will be all right .
The cab stops outside my house and I run in to get a change of clothes and a toothbrush and all the cash I have locked up in my desk .
And I close the door and go back up the steps and out to the cab where Giles is waiting , and then I go back in the house , very quickly , and take Jesse May 's Shut Up and Deal off the bookshelf .
And I shut the door again and go back up the steps and out to the cab and we carry on to Heathrow .
I am not ready for my father to die .
That is what I tell God , over the weeks in France .
I have been frightened of this for my entire life and I hoped I would be ready when it happened , but I am not .
I cannot bear this to be now .
I have never been so scared or so sad .
My brother phones his girlfriend in London every day , several times a day .
Part of the fear is being distant from everything normal .
He yearns for her .
I yearn for the Vic. I need to play poker .
I am aching with desire to get lost in the game .
There is no internet connection here .
There is no card room .
I need to look at cards , to face bets , to think about maths .
I need to hide there .
I can't cope with full consciousness of what is happening .
I have finished Shut Up and Deal and started it again .
I believe in God .
I have always believed in God .
I tried not to , but I do .
To some people that is as crazy as believing that green is unlucky , that a seven will come if you say its name near a dice table .
It is as impossible to explain faith to someone who does not feel it , as it is to explain being in love to someone who is not .
I tell God , every day , that I am not ready for this .
My brother flies home for 24 hours .
He needs to fetch clothes , pay bills and spend a night with his girlfriend .
When he comes back , I fly home for 24 hours .
I have no luggage .
I go straight to the Vic. Everybody asks about my father but I can't talk about it .
I do n't know why , but I can't .
I take £ 750 from my deposit slip and sit down in the £ 100 game .
The cards are large and bright .
The chips are perfect mirrored discs .
Fred makes it £ 15 to go .
I call .
I feel like I am breathing for the first time in 21 days .
My father is starting to wake up !
His eyes are open , beautiful and blue as £ 25 chips .
He is starting to talk , but he is talking about cards .
He asks , " Where is the queen of clubs ? "
And he says , " I think I can make four hearts . "
It 's funny .
Everything is funny because I can hug him and kiss him .
But the doctors are worried by this card talk .
They tell us it is probably the morphine .
But we know they are frightened about his brain .
I am not frightened any more .
When he asks if the diamond king will fall under his ace , I tell him that it will .
When he asks about the queen of clubs , I remind him that it is in his own hand .
I understand why my father 's mind has gone to bridge , the game he has played for 40 years .
He just wants to control this baffling situation , that 's all .
He wants it ordered into 13 clean tricks , 52 structured cards , four sorted suits , 40 neat points .
And he wants to be reassured that he holds the master card .
I could talk to him like this for ever .
My father is well enough to have flown back to a London hospital by air ambulance .
There are no " visiting hours " and I can sit there with him all afternoon .
He is not talking about cards any more .
He is talking about how much he hates doing the exercises , how bored he is waiting for Countdown to come on and how cleverly he thinks – he truly thinks – he is hiding his cigarettes from the nurses .
He actually keeps a secret ashtray in his bedside drawer .
He thinks it 's secret , anyway .
At the Vic a few weeks later , the room is packed , the bar is buzzing , the money flows , the waitresses run back and forth with cups of dark - orange tea .
It 's the 2006 European Championship .
The big British names are all here , bolstered by American and Scandinavian stars .
The first day goes like any other tournament .
Play pretty solid .
Keep it fairly tight because you can't win the tournament in these early levels , you can only lose it .
There 's a bad phase in the afternoon , when I lose a couple of nasty pots and go down to 5,000 .
But I feel a bravery and a determination that I have never felt before .
I am not going to be pushed around .
I am in control of the situation .
I am ready to craft my comebacks .
I stand my ground , push when I sense the time is right , and force my stack up to 35,000 by the end of the day .
A hundred and three of us return for day two , from an opening field of 400 .
My table is a little startling .
Phil Ivey is in seat one , Tom Parker Bowles is in seat six and Frank Pini is the short stack in seat five .
So we have a Vic regular , an international super - pro and a royal .
This is 21st - century poker .
Within 90 minutes , we are down to 80 players .
I feel unruffled , unrufflable .
I am making the right decisions today .
I am concentrating on making smart calls and well - timed raises .
I am thinking about my brother .
He is at home , watching this final play out on the internet .
I wonder if he is remembering the days when he taught me the game .
None of this would be happening without him .
By the dinner break , there are 55 of us left , 32 will cash , and the chip leader is American film star turned poker pro Chad Brown .
With 12 players left , at 3 am we stop for the night .
I can't sleep .
I try reading , but the words turn into clubs and diamonds on the page .
At 4 am , I find myself standing in the back garden , watering the roses .
I 'm prepared to bet that the other 11 remaining players are not doing this right now .
I hope the neighbours are n't watching .
They think I 'm quite peculiar already .
At last , the clock crawls round to midday on Sunday and I set off back to the Vic , taking my seat , ordering tea , shaking my chips out of their zipped - up polythene bag and counting them through .
Shuffle up and deal .
I knock out Michel Abécassis , the Frenchman .
At 5 pm , Oscar Schweinberg is knocked out in ninth place and we have a final .
I am in the final of the London European Poker Tour , the European Championship !
In my own home casino , wearing the professional PokerStars logo for the first time , I have made the final !
I do n't care what happens after this , it is my greatest result ever .
I go for a cup of tea and phone my parents .
And then I go back to play .
I find a pair of jacks and knock out lovely Sid Harris in eighth place .
Michael Muldoon races against me and is out in fourth place .
Jan Sjavic makes a good call with 33 but I am in form and he is out in third place .
They put the money and the trophy on the table .
I make a good call against Emad Tahtou to pick up a lot of chips .
And then , at three minutes before 11 pm , I look down and find 6 of clubs ♣7 of diamonds .
I feel like playing this hand .
So I call and Emad does n't raise .
The flop comes 5 of clubs ♣3 of clubs ♣4 of diamonds .
Oh my God .
Oh my God .
I think I am about to win this tournament .
I just have to play it right .
Emad checks .
I must make it look like I 'm trying to nick it with nothing .
I bet 100,000 .
Emad raises to 450,000 .
Oh my God .
I have got him .
He has something .
He is on the hook and I must not let him off it .
I call .
The turn is 10 of diamonds .
Emad says " all in " and I say " call " and turn my cards over and stand up so fast I almost knock my chair over and Emad puts his head in his hands and he rolls over 6 of hearts ♥ 8 of clubs♣ .
He can still hit a seven to win the pot .
But I know that is not going to happen .
The crowd is already cheering , making so much noise .
Normally , I would hate the early cheer but I know the seven is not coming .
Emad stands up and I give him a hug .
Then Deano , who is dealing , slides the next burn card off the top of the deck and he reaches for the river card and everything goes very , very quiet …
No seven …
And the river is J of spades .
The crowd goes wild like the last scene in a baseball movie .
I have won the London EPT .
I am the European Champion .
The prize is £ 500,000 .
Just under $ 1 m .
I can't speak .
Natalie Pinkham , the TV and Radio 5 Live presenter , tries to interview me but I can't speak .
Brian the manager comes over with one of those giant comedy cheques .
Cameras flash .
Then I am handed the trophy , the huge heavy glass trophy that I can hardly hold .
And it feels like the moment when Alice has worked out how to get her hands on the little golden key , she has bitten into the magic mushroom and grown larger and smaller and larger and smaller but finally found her balance and taken the key and unlocked the door and she finds herself at last in the beautiful garden , among the bright flower beds and the cool fountains .
They are pulling at my sleeve for interviews .
But I break away and go into the ladies ' room and I phone my parents and I speak to my dad and he says , " How much ? " and I can hear my mother in the background , all proud and tearful .
Up in Kentish Town , my brother is getting out of bed and pulling on whatever he remembers is supposed to comply with the Vic 's dress code and he is driving to the Vic .
I can't take £ 500,000 away tonight , it is crazy , so I sign a slip to leave it on deposit , but I take about £ 80,000 and give some money to old friends in the cash games who look like they might need it , and I throw some more at the waitresses and ask them to bring drinks for everyone in the card room .
And I am here with my Tuesday players and the Vic players and my brother and it is madness , everyone is clinking glasses and hugging me , and I love them all so much , it 's so right to see my brother among them .
Eventually the casino closes and we move on to the Gutshot Card Club in Clerkenwell and we drink till late and go home when it is light and I sit in my study staring out of the window and waiting for people to wake up .
It is in the newspapers and it is on the news , my phone rings all day , and I get hundreds of emails and one of them is from Al Alvarez .
I think back to those days when I knew only his name , playing in my brother 's cash game with my brother 's friends who long since gave up poker , and Al Alvarez was a god and still is .
I reach back and tap my little self on the shoulder , tell her that she has won a million dollars and Al Alvarez has written to congratulate her .
She looks satisfied enough , asks a few questions about how soon she can leave school , then shrugs me off and goes back to folding a pair of tens .
Ca n't be too careful .
At 5 pm , I go to the special wine shop in St John 's Wood and buy a bottle of champagne for £ 500 even though every glass of fizzy wine tastes exactly the same as every other , and I take it to my parents ' house and pour it into glasses and I still can't speak for joy and pride , and 3 % of that is because I won a poker tournament and 97 % is because my father is here to drink this champagne with me .
I always suspected that poker was not about money for me .
Now I know .
I have won a £ 500,000 tournament , but it has not made me happy because my father has come back and I am so happy already that there is no room for any more .
I know he will not be here for long .
I know he has come back to say goodbye .
We have all wandered into It 's a Wonderful Life or A Matter of Life and Death .
The angels met my father , irascible and restless and asking difficult questions about the queen of clubs ; they peered down and they said , " Ah , send him back for a last scene . "
He is not ill any more .
He is cured .
But I know there will not be 20 more years , or 10 , or even five .
I know it like you know , sometimes , on the roulette , that you must bet a certain number .
But this is neither a winning feeling , like the roulette , nor a bad feeling like my brother 's phone call .
It is a gentle feeling .
I have to lose my father and I know it is going to be soon .
But I will be ready .
I will be so ready .
I will be grateful that he came back to us even for five minutes , grateful that he was ever here at all .
Sometimes you cannot think about the whole game .
It is too big , too difficult .
So you have to play it hand by hand .
You play as well as you are able to play .
You make the mistakes you cannot avoid making .
The game has its own momentum .
Sometimes , it is enough just to hang on .
Sometimes , hanging on is the toughest challenge and the greatest triumph .
Nine months later , I am standing in my room at the Wynn , Las Vegas , during the World Series of 2007 .
I am looking through the window at the surreal lines of the landscape , the only one in the world with a pyramid and an Eiffel Tower , the rollercoasters and the castles and towers and water - slides like mirages in the July heat with the desert stretching weirdly behind .
And my mobile rings and it is my brother 's name on the screen .
And once again I know that I must take this call , so I click the green button and it is time , now .
Time to go home .
• For Richer , For Poorer : A Love Affair with Poker , by Victoria Coren , is published on Thursday by Canongate , at £ 16.99 .
Order a copy of For Richer , For Poorer at the Observer bookshop
About the author
Coren writes a weekly topical column in the Observer , and a weekly poker column in the Guardian
Her writing career began as a schoolgirl when she wrote a column about teenage life for the Daily Telegraph
She currently hosts the BBC4 quiz programme Only Connect .
She is a member of the Team PokerStars Pro , sponsored by an internet poker site .
Britain 's best players
Devilfish
Dave " Devilfish " Ulliott was the first winner of Channel 4's iconic TV series Late Night Poker , back in 1999 , becoming the first British poker celebrity .
A jeweller and former jailbird from Hull , he overcame a tough background to become one of the world 's most feared and respected poker players .
He is memorable for his red-tinted sunglasses and his knuckledusters , which spell DEVILFISH in gold across his hands .
The Hendon Mob
The Hendon Mob is a foursome of north London poker players who signed the first million - dollar sponsorship deal in poker history .
Individually they are Joe Beevers ( an entrepreneurial father of two ) , Ram Vaswani ( a snooker hustler turned poker pro ) and the Boatman brothers , Ross ( an actor who appeared for nine years on London 's Burning ) and Barny ( a regular commentator on Channel 4 poker ) .
Their website , thehendonmob.com , is the most successful non-gaming poker site in Britain .
John Duthie
John Duthie , a softly spoken TV director from Leeds , was the first player to take £ 1 m in a televised tournament when he won the Poker Million on the Isle of Man in November 2000 .
He went on to devise and launch the European Poker Tour , the biggest series of international poker tournaments in the world .
Roland de Wolfe
London boy Roland de Wolfe , 30 , was the first player in the world to win a hat - trick of titles on the European Poker Tour , the World Poker Tour and the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas .
He started out as a poker journalist for Inside Edge gambling magazine , but soon gave it up to " turn pro " and has never had another job since .
He acquired his triple crown at the 2009 World Series and has accrued lifetime tournament winnings of $ 4.5 m .
Mansour Matloubi
In 1990 , Mansour Matloubi became the first non-American to win the main event at the World Series of Poker .
Born in Iran , he had taken Welsh citizenship so , in true sporting tradition , the Brits can claim him as one of our own .
He remains the only British player to have won that championship title , though is rarely seen on the tournament circuit these days .
He is also a hero to all UK poker players after winning a case with the Inland Revenue to prevent them taxing his winnings .
VC
But Mr. McCain 's constituents in Arizona are n't as lucky as McCain and his family .
Here 's the truth about healthcare in Arizona , this is the information , John McCain does n't want you to know about .
Less access to care
20.3 % or 1,145,000 working - age Arizonans , ** did not have health insurance in 2007 .
• 1,301,816 Arizonans are enrolled in AHCCCS , the state 's Medicaid program .
It usually adds about 27,000 people each year , but the enrollment has surged by 183,000 people over the past year .
• $ 396.5 million was paid by Arizona hospitals in 2008 to cover the costs of bad debt and charity care for the uninsured .
Quality of care
20 % of Arizona children ages 19 to 35 months did not receive required immunizations .
• World Health Organization ranks the United States No. 37 in overall health care .
The report , issued in 2000 , ranks 191 nations based on factors such as life expectancy , health responsiveness and financial measures .
• 19 percent of Arizona women have not had a mammogram in the past two years , and 25 percent of Arizona children did not visit a dentist in the past year .
Administration and advocacy costs
300 people are employed at Phoenix Children 's Hospital to process paperwork so the hospital gets paid .
• $ 12.2 million in campaign contributions from insurance , health and pharmaceutical industries have been sent to members of Congress for the 2009 - 2010 election cycle .
• $ 5.4 billion spent by pharmaceutical industry in 2006 on consumer advertisements .
* Projected for 2009 ** Ages 18 - 64 .
Those 65 and over are eligible for Medicare , the government 's insurance program for the elderly .
***
Does not include pregnancy - related diabetes
[ Sources : Census Bureau , Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System , Dartmouth Atlas Project , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Kaiser Family Foundation , National Coalition on Health Care , American Journal of Medicine , Center for Responsive Politics , Republic research ]
I guess we now know why Mr. McCain ejected this blind woman from his town hall , she must have had a question about the collapse of the healthcare system in Arizona .
WE'RE ASKING YOU TO SUPPORT THE WORK SECURE A PUBLIC OPTION .
THERE ARE A GROUP OF PEOPLE WORKING LITERALLY DAY AND NIGHT TRYING TO SECURE A PUBLIC OPTION .
WE RECEIVE VERY SMALL STIPENDS ( FOR LIVING EXPENSES ) , BASED ENTIRELY ON YOUR GENEROSITY .
PLEASE DONATE WHATEVER YOU CAN .
WE RELY ON YOUR FINANCIAL SUPPORT , AND YOU HAVE BEEN AMAZING .
Photo by Anna Waigand
When I first saw them they were just tubes of raw , pink flesh frantically writhing in a shallow red bowl .
No skin , no scales , no head .
Just a line of pink flesh with a white lattice of fat woven into it .
In a couple of seconds , the slithering turned into an infrequent twitching , and then it joined the pink pile of now dead hagfish .
One narrow street of the Jagalchi Fish Market is where all the hagfish sellers seem to congregate .
The method for killing hagfish is just as disgusting as the fish .
Each hagfish seller has a board with a round peg that sits in a hole in one end .
They take a live hagfish , stick their head under the peg and crush it into the hole .
With the fish still moving , they do a couple of quick knife swipes to seperate it from its skin and organs .
( Hagfish hides are actually made into leather as it turns out . )
The fish are then tossed into a pile of their recently dead friends .
To see the process for yourself , check out the video .
Hagfish : God ’s Grossest Creatures from Seoulful Adventures on Vimeo .
Video by Andre Francisco .
Editing by Anna Waigand .
You probably have n’t heard of hagfish before because almost no one but Koreans eat them .
And why do n’t they eat them ?
Maybe because they ’re mud dwelling scavengers that burrow their way into nearly - dead fish that fall to the bottom of the sea and then eat their way out , even if the fish are still alive .
Or maybe it ’s because their other name is the slime eel because their defense mechanism is to produce a mucus that turns into unbelievable quantities of slime when mixed with water .
Slime that suffocates other fish who eat them .
When a disgruntled employee files a lawsuit that goes to court his employer must pay tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees .
Even if the courts reject the allegation as frivolous employers must still pay the lawyers .
That allows unscrupulous employees to use threat of going to court to win large settlements from their bosses for baseless claims .
Guilty or not guilty , the employer loses money that could have been used to expand operations and hire more workers .
Consequently many employers are turning to alternative dispute resolution methods that cost far less .
Many contracts require employers and employees to take legal disputes to arbitration .
There an outside arbitrator evaluates the claims and imposes remedies .
Arbitrators award employees fair damages in cases of actual injustice while quickly dispensing with merit - less nuisance suits .
Instead of legal bills running into the hundreds of thousands of dollars , however , arbitration usually costs only a few thousand dollars .
That saves employers the money they need to create jobs while giving rogue employees no leverage to win undeserved settlements .
Arbitration protects employees ’ legal rights while keeping the economy moving .
Everybody wins .
Except the trial lawyers .
They like high legal bills .
So they hate arbitration .
It takes away their customers .
The trial lawyer bar has long lobbied Congress to ban arbitration .
They want to guarantee that employers accused of wrongdoing must always settle ( with the help of attorneys ) or go to court and really rack up their legal costs .
Banning arbitration protects trial lawyers six - and - seven - figure lifestyles , but it sucks money out of businesses that would otherwise create jobs .
Last Tuesday the Senate gave the trial lawyers an enormous win .
It passed an amendment offered by Al Franken ( D - MN ) that bars any contractor with the Department of Defense from using arbitration .
The putative justification for this is a horrific case in which Jamie Jones , a Halliburton employee in Iraq , who alleges that she was gang - raped in her bedroom by her co-workers .
She claims that when she reported the attack to her supervisors , they placed her in a container under armed guard and did not let her leave or call her family for several days .
Halliburton HR officials allegedly told her to “ get over it ” or lose her job , and she asserts that Halliburton attempted to short circuit her lawsuit by sending the case to arbitration .
Given that Franken chose to highlight her case , you might assume that the courts ruled in Haliburton ’s favor , and that she was not able to bring her claims in court instead of to an arbitrator .
But then you would be wrong .
The courts ruled that Halliburton could not arbitrate her claims of assault and battery , intentional infliction of emotional distress , negligent hiring , retention and supervision of employees involved in the assault , and false imprisonment .
So why did Franken offer his amendment to ban arbitration ?
And why an amendment that applies to every company with contracts with the DOD , not just Halliburton ?
Because it has little to do with ensuring that Jamie Jones gets justice .
The courts have already allowed Jones ’ lawsuit to go forward .
This amendment is a move towards the plaintiff bar ’s longstanding goal of banning dispute arbitration .
But the allegations in this case are so egregious that it makes it difficult for Members of Congress to stand up for the rights of law - abiding employers .
Making it easier for lawyers to take their cut appeals to lawyers .
But it comes at the expense of job creation .
The money lawyers take undercuts healthy businesses and discourages new entrepreneurs from starting their own small businesses .
Why would anyone start a business if they expected to spend most of the money they earn on legal bills ?
Why take that risk ?
Congress should not let the trial bar pre-judge America ’s job creators guilty as charged .
Posted on by ChristineCanCook
My mom ’s been hearing this for years so , at this point , it wo n’t hurt ( too much ) to say it again .
My mom did not cook when I was growing up .
I had a running joke where my mom ’s co-workers would ask : “ What ’s the best thing your mom makes ” and I would say “ Makes ?
She does n’t cook !
She has the Italian and Chinese places on speed dial .
She orders shrimp parm better than anyone I know … ”
That was a long time ago .
Today my mom still does n’t cook , but at least she ’s come to terms with it …for the most part .
The once a year sausage and peppers are no more .
The bi-yearly baked flounder , potato , and tomato casserole ( that was soooo good ! ) has long gone .
The last time I had her 10 clove salmon was back in high school and the last time I can honestly say I even had a mouthful of her cooking was for my college graduation barbeque … more than 2 years ago !
And I know what you ’re thinking : “ It sounds like your mom can cook ! ”
Well , I never said she could n’t cook …
I said she did n’t .
So when I was craving cornbread recently I was brought back to that one time my mom made cornbread .
It was sweet but not overly so , and it was moist without being too crumbly .
I remember thinking “ I did n’t know my mom could make cornbread ” but she had , and now , about 10 years later , I tried my own hand at it .
This is n’t her recipe , but the end result is pretty close .
.
Not My Mom ’s Cornbread : 9 Servings
1/4 pd butter
1/2 c white sugar
2 eggs
1 c buttermilk
1/2 tspn baking soda
1 c cornmeal
1 c all - purpose flour
1/2 tspn salt
.
1. Pre -heat the oven to 375 degrees .
Generously grease an 8 - inch square pan with butter .
2 . Melt the butter in a large skillet .
Remove from heat and stir in sugar .
Add eggs and beat until well blended .
3 . In a separate bowl , combine buttermilk and baking soda and add to the pan with the butter , sugar , and eggs .
To this pan , add cornmeal , flour , and salt .
Mix well until little to no lumps remain .
Pour into the casserole dish .
4 . Bake for 40 - 45 minutes , or until completely cooked in the center .
I rarely like to bake ( I believe people are either very good at baking or very good at cooking … but very rarely are people good at both ) , but this came out incredibly moist , packed with flavor , and was perfect with dinner that night , for breakfast the next morning , and as a snack a few days later .
It was super versatile !
I initially wanted to make this so I could make cornbread croutons ( my new obsession ) but I went through the cornbread too quickly …
I think it ’s time for another batch !
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Recipes | Tagged : baking , cornbread |
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Glenn Beck , the overwrought , emotional , and frequently feuding Fox News host , has gone too far for his right - wing compatriots .
In an episode sure to further exacerbate tensions with the Right , Beck said Tuesday he would have voted for Hillary Clinton over John McCain and Sarah Palin .
Heresy !
Conservative thought leaders are stepping up a push to oust Beck from their ranks ( many of them wanted him out before the Clinton comment ) .
It 's a risky move for the Right -- Beck 's ratings are soaring , and as the 9/12 rally in Washington demonstrated , he can influence a big crowd .
UPDATE : Yet more Beck backlash from conservatives .
David Frum decried
Beck 's habit of treating punditry as all - out war against Obama : [ Beck ally David ] Horowitz agrees that Beck ’s attack on Sunstein was false .
Yet that falsehood does not worry Horowitz .
The country is " under assault . "
( As the broadcaster Mark Levin has said , President Obama is " literally at war " with the American people . )
In a war , truth must yield to the imperatives of victory .
Any conservative qualms about the untruth of Beck 's defamation of Sunstein amounts to " appeasement " – an appeasement that will end with the left decapitating the right .
This is the language and logic of Leninism .
There is no truth or falsehood comrades , there is only service to the revolution or betrayal of the revolution .
Peter Wehner called Beck " the antithesis of Ronald Reagan " who " should worry the conservative movement " : I understand that a political movement is a mansion with many rooms ; the people who occupy them are involved in intellectual and policy work , in politics , and in polemics .
Different people take on different roles .
And certainly some of the things Beck has done on his program are fine and appropriate .
But the role Glenn Beck is playing is harmful in its totality .
My hunch is that he is a comet blazing across the media sky right now — and will soon flame out .
Whether he does or not , he is n’t the face or disposition that should represent modern - day conservatism .
At a time when we should aim for intellectual depth , for tough - minded and reasoned arguments , for good cheer and calm purpose , rather than erratic behavior , he is not the kind of figure conservatives should embrace or cheer on .
Michael Gerson , a former Bush speechwriter and adviser , agreed with Wehner :
It is sometimes alleged , with varying degrees of accuracy , that conservatives refuse to police the excesses of their own .
Those persuaded by this argument should read Pete Wehner on Glenn Beck .
It is a model of reasoned response to an emotional populism that is something less than conservative .
Dan Riehl dismissed Beck as a disaster who " is n't and has never been " conservative :
Get your mind around one thing right now , a Perot or Paul - like fracture in the Republican Party in 2010 , or 2012 is a guarantee that Euro - socialism will prevail in America .
And it will be too late to do anything about it by the time some next election rolls around .
Turning back the clock will prove politically impossible after that .
You may as well pack up your kids to be raised in France , or the UK , as there will be no marked difference from what it is we become over here .
Allahpundit attacked Beck 's claim that both parties are essentially the same : [ P ] resumably his argument is that there ’s no difference between Republicans and Democrats these days and therefore we ’re better off with a president whom the right does n’t feel pressure to apologize for and whose tendencies towards big government it can oppose in earnest .
If you believe that — that there ’s no difference between the parties — then you have n’t been paying attention to Afghanistan , Iran , Russia , Honduras , Poland , and the Czech Republic lately .
Epic fail .
Meanwhile , Glenn Beck told Katie Couric he would have voted for Hillary Clinton over McCain / Palin in 2008 .
" I ca n’t believe I ’m saying this , I think I would have much preferred her as president and may have voted for her against John McCain , " he said .
" How about this ?
I think John McCain would have been worse for the country than Barack Obama .
How ’s that ? "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
CRYSTAL LAKE , Illinois ( CNN ) -- Karin Kubacki no longer buys clothing or toys for her 7 - year - old son , Max .
Karin and Chris Kubacki are cutting back to make her severance and unemployment pay last a year .
She avoids driving her 8 - year - old Honda Civic unless absolutely necessary and has no plans to repair a second vehicle , an 11 - year - old Ford F - 250 .
Bubble baths and Hershey bars are now her few luxuries .
These are among the cost - saving measures Kubacki is taking to make her 13 weeks of severance pay last a full year .
Kubacki , the family breadwinner , was laid off July 1 from a job she loved -- software project manager at Accenture , where she had worked for 15 years .
At first , she was stunned .
" I had this impression that someone had grabbed a big vacuum and sucked all the air out of the room .
It was like I could n't get my breath , " she said .
Her husband , a former schoolteacher who is a stay - at - home dad and a woodworker , feared for the family 's financial future .
Money Summit : Money & Main St. A year after the collapse of Lehman Brothers , Anderson Cooper and Ali Velshi look at whether the bailout worked and how the country is moving forward .
A CNN Money Summit Special : Money and Main St .
Thursday at 11 p.m. ET
In Depth : Money & Main St. »
" At first there is the panic , ' Oh my gosh , we are going to lose the house tomorrow and live in a cardboard box , ' " Chris Kubacki recalled .
Watch the Kubackis discuss how they 've handled Karin 's job loss »
Yet his wife was determined to make her loss an opportunity to spend more time with the family while taking time to find another job she would love as much as the one she had just lost .
So the Kubackis are trying to make Karin 's severance , unemployment checks and some extra cash Accenture provided to pay for an extension of her health insurance last a full year .
They are determined to keep paying the mortgage on their home in Crystal Lake , Illinois , a Chicago suburb , and not dig into savings -- all on an expected pre-tax income of $ 54,000 , a little less than half of the family 's normal earnings .
How to be frugal Do you need to economize ?
To find out , analyze your emergency fund , savings and debt .
Here 's how : Emergency fund :
This is ready cash in case of a job loss , disability or other crisis .
It should equal six months worth of essential expenses .
Savings ratio : Divide your annual savings , including employer matches , by your annual income .
( If fully employed , you should be doing better than just meeting your expenses . )
This ratio should be .10 or higher , meaning you 're saving at least 10 percent of your annual gross income .
Debt ratio :
Add up your monthly debt payments and housing costs , including mortgage principal , interest , insurance and property taxes , and divide the total by your monthly gross income .
The result should be .36 or lower , meaning you 're spending 36 percent or less of your income on debts and housing .
Are you spending too much and saving too little ?
Follow these steps : Monitor spending : Track your spending from credit card and banking statements , and itemize your spending for a month .
Categorize spending :
Is it a necessity , discretionary or a luxury ?
Decide what you can give up .
For more money - saving tips , go to CNNMoney.com
" We have been frugal people , and we have tried to save as much as we can , and that is one of the reasons why I have been able to stay home with Max , " said Chris , who builds wooden toys for his son .
But never have the Kubackis been as frugal as they are now .
For the first time , the family is living by a strict budget .
They are saving by :
• Biking and walking rather than driving , whenever possible
• Rarely going out to restaurants
• Finding enriching community activities for their child that cost little or nothing
• Taking out books from the library
• Purchasing only absolute necessities and buying what 's on sale .
" There are no luxuries now .
Before , we had a lot more where we could say , ' Let 's go do this . '
Now it 's a lot more careful , " Karin said .
" When I had a job , when I shopped , I would make impulse purchases .
Now , no way . "
Not only is diminished consumption not as painful as it might seem , the Kubackis say , but the change has also brought a fuller and more enjoyable lifestyle than at any time when Karin was earning a regular paycheck .
" We can have all kinds of fun doing things that do n't cost anything , " Chris said .
Chris concedes he has felt internal pressure to get a job , but the couple agrees that for now , they prefer to avoid that to be able to spend as much time together and have Chris available for Max .
After adopting a frugal lifestyle , the Kubackis say they now really appreciate life 's little luxuries .
" If you pick just a couple of luxuries like Hershey bars , then you really enjoy 'em .
And if you have a lot of luxuries , then they become necessities .
But if you only have a couple , boy are they terrific , " Karin said .
Even though neither Karin nor Chris now hold jobs , they are still giving 10 percent of Karin 's unemployment check to their church .
Living only a few doors from the neighborhood food pantry , they see frequent reminders of their blessings .
" So I do n't have a job right now , " Karin said .
" We 've got a house .
We 've got cars , we 've got food .
We have nothing to complain about . "
Are you fighting the recession , using innovative techniques to stay ahead in this economy or overcoming financial adversity ?
Share your story with us by sending an e-mail to realstories@cnnmoney.com , and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .
All About Unemployment Rate
Personal Injury Law Firm
Welcome to the website for Watkins , Lourie , Roll & Chance , PC , a personal injury firm based in Atlanta .
We have a hard - earned reputation for skill and passion in our representation .
Our injury lawyers have been working together since 1997 at the same firm and with the same goal : helping the innocent victims of negligence and misconduct pursue the justice and compensation to which they are entitled .
This website will provide you with important information on our firm and our broad base of legal experience , but the best way to learn about us and your legal rights and to decide if our personal injury law firm is the right firm for you is to contact us as soon as possible for a free consultation .
If you 've been the victim of someone else 's negligence in the Atlanta , Georgia area and you need an experienced accident lawyer , please call Watkins , Lourie , Roll & Chance , PC today at 404-760-7400 for a free consultation .
Accident Lawyers Who Can Help
At our firm , we 're about more than just pursuing compensation in the courtroom .
We work hard to help our injured clients in all phases of their lives .
That means helping you receive the medical care you deserve .
Our injury lawyers have a wide range of experience .
We 've helped clients who have been victimized by :
Of course , this is far from an exhaustive list .
If your accident does n't appear to fit any of the categories above , you should still contact us immediately .
We 're always willing to talk with you and advise you on your best course of action .
Moving Quickly with Our Experienced Injury Attorneys
The most important action you can take after receiving medical attention for your injury is to speak with our Atlanta accident lawyers as soon as possible .
Calling our office soon after your accident will greatly aid our investigation and make it easier for us to help you .
And that is our mission : helping you .
Helping you recover from your devastating injuries .
Helping you move beyond this awful time in your life .
Helping you find the care you need .
And helping you pursue the justice to which you are entitled .
If you 're injured in an accident in the Atlanta , Georgia area or in any of the nearby communities and you want to speak to our injury lawyers about your accident , please contact Watkins , Lourie , Roll & Chance , PC for a free consultation .
Dominic Epistolo had the idea of recreating some of the states in the USA out of pieces of meat and I for one thinks his works look good enough to eat .
Dominic Epistolo , a very talented photographer from Philadelphia has shot many photos in his career , from fashion to still - life , but his most popular set , “ The United Steaks of America ” has been featured all over the internet .
He had the original idea of carving the United States out of pieces of meat .
His photographs look amazing , but I wonder if he cooked his work after shooting it .
I ’d sure like to sink my teeth into juicy Pennsylvania .
via Toxel
Texas
New - Jersey
California
Florida
Pennsylvania
Delaware
Scores of radiation overdoses at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center have been traced to a single cause : a mistake the hospital made resetting a CT scanner .
Hospital officials said Monday that the error occurred in February 2008 , when the hospital began using a new protocol for a specialized type of scan used to diagnose strokes .
Doctors believed it would provide them more useful data to analyze disruptions in the flow of blood to brain tissue .
That meant resetting the machine to override the pre-programmed instructions that came with the scanner when it was installed .
“ There was a misunderstanding about an embedded default setting applied by the machine . . . , ” officials at the renowned Los Angeles hospital said in a written statement that provided no other details about how the error occurred .
“ As a result , the use of this protocol resulted in a higher than expected amount of radiation . ”
Advertisement
The dose of radiation was eight times what it should have been .
Once the scanner was programmed with the new instructions , the higher dose was essentially locked in .
Each patient who got the procedure -- known as a CT brain perfusion scan -- was subjected to the overdose .
The machine was used for other types of scans but the reset error affected only the potential stroke patients , said Richard Elbaum , a hospital spokesman .
The error went unnoticed for the next 18 months , until this August , when a stroke patient informed the hospital that he had begun losing his hair after a scan .
Advertisement
When the hospital reviewed its records , it found -- and contacted -- 206 people who had received the overdoses to inform them of the mistake .
Only then , Elbaum said , did the hospital learn that about 40 % of them had suffered patchy hair loss .
Many also experienced reddening of the skin .
A CT scan uses a series of X - rays to create a highly detailed image .
Possible stroke victims are injected with an iodine solution , which appears in the scans and is used to track blood flow in the brain .
Even under normal circumstances , the procedure requires more radiation than most other types of CT scans , said David Brenner , director of radiological research at Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
Excess radiation would be difficult to detect from simply looking at the scan results , he said .
More radiation simply produces a clearer image .
Advertisement
Radiation exposure increases the likelihood of cancer , though the risk is lower in older patients because they are likely to die of other causes first .
The median age of the patients who received the overdose is 70 , said Elbaum , the Cedars - Sinai spokesman .
The discovery of the overdoses prompted the Food and Drug Administration to issue an alert last week warning hospitals across the country to check their CT protocols .
The hospital has received calls from other “ advanced hospitals ” that now are reviewing their own safety procedures , according to the statement .
General Electric , the manufacturer of the scanner , released its own statement Monday saying there were “ no malfunctions or defects ” of the machine .
Advertisement
It said that any new scanning protocol should be carefully evaluated “ against the validated protocols that are provided on the scanners during installation . ”
Experts on medical radiation said it is not uncommon for radiologists to override the pre-programmed instructions -- most commonly when the doctors believe they can glean the necessary information using less radiation .
Dr. Thomas Dehn , a radiologist and chief medical officer for National Imaging Associates Inc. , which manages health plans for private insurers , said he believes that overrides are more likely to occur at large , state - of - the - art hospitals .
“ At a small hospital , you are not going to try and out - think GE , ” he said .
Advertisement
“ You have to be pretty confident to think you know more than the guys who designed the equipment . ”
--
alan.zarembo@latimes.com
Sometimes a game 's underperformance is n't down poor quality , lack of marketing or even brand weakness ; step forward Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars .
This game hit the ground running on its release , emerging from the Rockstar Games stable as part of one of the most bankable video game franchises of all time ( the words ' Grand Theft Auto ' are practically a license to print money ) .
Not only that but critics agreed that it also made arguably the best use of Nintendo 's DS console in its gameplay ; Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown
Wars is to date , the highest rated game on Nintendo 's handheld console .
So why did n't it sell by the bucketload ?
The first reason is because the Nintendo DS does n't cater as much to the GTA franchise 's more mature audience as the other platforms .
The second reason is piracy .
One of Rockstar 's best titles saw its sales numbers slashed due to thousands of immoral individuals helping themselves to ripped and cracked copies online for free .
Given its quality , Chinatown Wars deserved better .
PSP , iPhone and iPod Touch owners will get the chance to sample the game 's delights later next month ; here 's hoping history does n't repeat itself .
Users who relied on free service locked out
YouTube has been suspending accounts at a dizzying pace over the past month .
Part of the story is automated bots that find copyrighted material for publishers such as Sony Music and Warner .
The other part of the story is that YouTube may be getting too large to manage .
Users who have their accounts suspended are allowed to appeal ; however , YouTube switched all of the email accounts to Gmail login accounts this month as well .
Users are caught in the Kafkaesque state where YouTube refuses to acknowledge any email correspondence .
The suspension without appeal is essentially permanent deletion .
Thanks for your email .
The email address that you have provided does not match the email address of the account in question .
In order for us to review your issue , you must be the owner of the account .
To resubmit your request , please return to the YouTube Help Center at http://help.youtube.com/support/youtube/bin/request.py.
Please keep in mind that if you do n’t have access to your email account and have lost your username and / or password , we ’re unable to help you .
We do n’t store private passwords , so we ca n’t email them to you .
If you ’re unable to write us from the email address associated with the YouTube account , we ca n’t release any information about the account to you .
Regards , The YouTube Team
Deletion with little chance for appeal is the price we pay for a free service .
No one is paying for YouTube ’s free hosting of videos .
The widespread popularity of the service has been both the blessing and the curse .
Nowhere , so far , can a videographer find a ready audience for their work .
It costs nothing to post video after video , until they cut you off .
Not a commercial service
YouTube is not a business service and the fact your account can be suspended without notice has put some people ’s businesses on the ropes .
Accounts can be suspended if your ex-wife or enemy tells
YouTube your videos are copyrighted or flags some of them as “ inappropriate . ”
Anyone using video for a business should have their own web hosting server or rent space on a commercial hosting site .
People you are paying are less likely to turn off your video streams than a company like YouTube who are too busy to deal with individual customers .
Why does YouTube suspend accounts
The number one reason is copyright infringement .
The rules are : only post videos you if you own all the copyrights , including your cover of “ Stairway to Heaven . ”
The reality is YouTube has been primarily a place for people to post covers and unofficial videos of their favorite artists .
Some artists like the coverage .
Let ’s face it without fan promotion , most artists would be forgotten .
Other artists and labels protest they are losing revenues from videos you did n’t buy .
This is the whole file sharing argument that rages back and forth on mp3s .
The reality is the battle is almost lost for in favor of file sharing .
Bob Dylan has over 100,000 videos on YouTube but only 22 are official Bob Dylan videos .
Who ’s going to remember the guy if Sony is left to the job .
Rumor has it that over 40 % of YouTube ’s amateur and bootleg videos will be taken down by YouTube in the near future .
When YouTube takes the video down , they take down the user ’s channel as well .
There is a three - strikes - you - are - out policy at YouTube ; however , the 3 strikes can come so fast you do n’t have time to respond and you are outta there .
Only the future will tell if amateurs and fans take this lying down or move from YouTube to another service .
Our life on YouTube
Our account got suspended without notice two or three days ago – it ’s hard to tell why and YouTube is not taking emails .
My guess is the video of LCROSS landing on October 9th .
The video comes from NASA which clearly states its videos are public domain .
No one can claim copyright ownership and NASA encourages people to download their shots .
They need all the fans they can get for Congressional budget reasons .
There are billions of people around the world who could have their lives improved with the money that is spent on space programs .
On Oct 10th , Associated Press ( AP ) claimed the public domain NASA footage as their own .
Complaining about AP ’s claim put me in the bad books .
YouTube has no time for things like law and fair use .
They refused my public domain claim and probably deleted my account over it .
Time to move on to a paying service .
I still have all the original videos .
Our losses are mostly time and access to the hundreds of millions of YouTube viewers .
We ’ll survive and probably thrive since we wo n’t be distracted by what YouTube is doing .
It is always best to steer your own craft in rough waters .
We do apologize about the missing videos .
They will be back on line soon .
Update – there is a new site NJN Video which is being updated with all our original videos .
Slow going as we are adding new one ’s constantly .
Your patience is appreciated .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Magnetic devices have been used for arthritis for centuries Copper bracelets and magnetic wrist straps are useless for relieving pain in people with arthritis , say University of York researchers .
In the first tightly controlled trial to look at both alternative therapies , there was no benefit to their use for pain or stiffness .
All 45 patients tested a copper bracelet , two different magnetic wrist straps , and a demagnetised version .
An arthritis charity said people should not waste their money on the therapies .
Study leader Stewart Richmond , a research fellow in the Department of Health Sciences , said there had only been one other randomised controlled trial - comparing the treatment with placebo - on copper bracelets and that was done in the 1970s .
Although there is a big public appetite for non -drug treatments from arthritis patients , we would not encourage them to spend a lot of money on products for which there is very little scientific evidence
Jane Tadman , Arthritis Research Campaign
Read your comments here
The market - particularly in magnetic devices which can cost £ 25 and £ 65 for the wrist straps - is worth billions of dollars worldwide .
In the trial , 45 people aged 50 or over , who were all diagnosed as suffering from osteoarthritis wore each of the four devices in a random order over a 16 - week period .
They were all ineffective in terms of pain , stiffness and physical function , the researchers reported in the journal Complementary Therapies in Medicine .
Placebo effect
" It appears that any perceived benefit obtained from wearing a magnetic or copper bracelet can be attributed to psychological placebo effects , " said Mr Richmond .
" People tend to buy them when they are in a lot of pain , then when the pain eases off over time they attribute this to the device .
" However , our findings suggest that such devices have no real advantage over placebo wrist straps that are not magnetic and do not contain copper . "
He said the marketing of the devices was often to vulnerable elderly people .
Jane Tadman from the Arthritis Research Campaign said although many people with arthritis wore copper bracelets , there was no current research that supports their use .
" Although there is a big public appetite for non -drug treatments from arthritis patients , we would not encourage them to spend a lot of money on products for which there is very little scientific evidence , " she added .
The charity is in the process of compiling a report on the effectiveness of complementary therapies and arthritis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As he takes his time to figure out the US role in the Afghanistan conflict , President Obama has been forced to take a stand on another conflict – or rather two conflicts – in Sudan .
This state , the largest in Africa , will receive tough diplomacy from the US , based on a White House policy issued Monday , while also being given incentives for any progress on key issues .
This firm but still flexible stance is welcomed , but the policy leaves doubts as to how much Mr. Obama will use personal diplomacy and various types of pressure to solve one of the world 's top crises – which has seen millions either killed or made homeless .
During the 2008 campaign , candidate Obama took a strong stand on confronting Sudan 's repressive regime over the humanitarian tragedy in Darfur and the ongoing violence in oil - rich Southern Sudan , home to many Christians in a largely Islamic nation .
But since entering the Oval Office , he has let Sudan fall off his radar .
And meanwhile , his special envoy to the country , retired Air Force Maj .
Gen. J. Scott Gration , hinted at engaging the regime with small incentives that might seem to ignore past human rights atrocities – raising concerns in Congress and among activists on where Obama stood exactly .
Now Obama is clear once again that he wants the regime 's leaders to be held accountable for some 300,000 deaths in Darfur – a mass killing that the Bush administration labeled as genocide .
That stance by Obama will help back up the March indictment of Sudanese President Omar Hassan al - Bashir by the International Criminal Court at The Hague .
This emphasis on accountability for human rights violations is a tough call for Obama , as it would be easier for the United States to resolve differences in Sudan 's two conflicts by overlooking the past .
And Obama , who often sees himself as mediating peacemaker – after all , he won the Nobel Peace Prize this month – might like to end Sudan 's troubles during his time in office .
But long - term peace in Sudan relies on the survivors of violence there knowing that the main perpetrators are punished , thus setting a precedent that can prevent future violence .
At the same time , Mr. Bashir is still a powerful figure , unlikely to be overthrown soon or to buckle under foreign pressure .
His cooperation is necessary for now in letting aid groups operate in Darfur , in letting refugees return home , and in allowing a 2011 referendum to take place in Southern Sudan on whether the region should become independent .
Bashir has also been helpful to the US in fighting international terrorists .
No wonder , then , that Obama 's policy statement did n't specify the types of pressure that he might use , such as preventing a write - down of Sudan 's burdensome foreign debt .
And he made clear that any incentives wo n't be given until after progress is made on certain issues .
But beyond the issue of carrots and sticks , the president needs to get on the phone with other leaders to form a solid coalition that can persuade Sudan to solve these issues .
And he especially needs to enlist China , which buys large quantities of oil from Sudan and backs the regime , during his trip to Beijing next month .
Fortunately , Obama promised a quarterly review of his Sudan policy by top foreign - policy officials , raising this conflict higher up in priority .
And by not firing Mr. Gration – as many activists wanted – he keeps a well - regarded diplomat in place who knows the region well .
Solving Sudan 's woes will be difficult , especially with a referendum that may split up this large African country .
With better clarity and more determination , Obama is now on track to give this troubled land the attention it deserves .
Edited by Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , September 15 , 2009
Alex Jones has addressed Glenn Beck in the form of an open letter , appealing to him to “ be on the right side of history ” by using his growing public platform to tell the truth rather than exploiting it to deceive grass - roots conservatives and libertarians into following a re-birth of the neo-con agenda that Beck has embraced all along .
— — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Glenn Beck ,
It is important to preface this letter by highlighting the fact that I do not attack people lightly and have defended you in the past when Van Jones was calling for you to be fired .
I fully support your right to free speech .
It can not be denied that you – Glenn Beck – are an extremely talented radio and television host and you have a magnetism and a proficiency of public speaking that draws people in and maintains their interest .
However , being a novice history buff I am also painfully aware of the fact that Benedict Arnold was , like you , a talented individual – he was also a traitor .
History is what matters and being on the right side of history is what ’s important when it comes to the legacy we leave on this planet .
You do n’t want people to look back on you as a Benedict Arnold , as a traitor to America .
You do n’t want people to look back on you as a media whore , as playing the role of being loyal opposition to sucker legitimate and growing grass roots opposition to the new world order .
Your agenda is to put out a dual message – to discredit and polarize the conservative movement to the benefit of the establishment left and the elite .
Your bizarre and clownish antics of fake crying , which you proved were staged when you replicated them on demand for a GQ photo shoot , are doing nothing but reinforcing the stereotype that the conservative right is insane .
Your entire 9/12 project has nothing to do with uniting America and everything to do with reinforcing neo-conservative rhetoric about how we should relinquish our rights and accept the police state because terrorists want to attack us and Saddam Hussein has WMD ’s and yellowcake .
As the video below illustrates , despite the fact that you claim to be “ a Libertarian at heart , ” you have publicly supported programs and legislation that are universally abhorred by the vast majority of libertarians , such as the banker bailout and the USA Patriot Act .
During your Monday September 22 2008 TV broadcast , you expressed your vehement support for the bailout , stating , “ The $ 700 billion dollars that you ’re hearing about now is not only I believe necessary , it is also not nearly enough . ”
However , as soon as Bush left office and Obama picked up the baton and continued the same financial policy , you changed your tune and routinely attacked the bailout as an example of how socialism was taking over America .
The bailout was bad news for America under Bush just as it is under Obama , both were merely performing a transfer of wealth from America to offshore banks and giving the Federal Reserve total dictatorial control over the economy , but you only opposed it when Bush was out of office , proving that your opinions are not wedded to right or wrong , but to which puppet is in the White House .
A host of mainline conservative talking heads opposed the banker bailout , as did the majority of the American people , but you went on television and publicly supported it .
This is irreconcilable with you being “ a libertarian at heart ” as you claim .
In addition , you aggressively attacked Ron Paul and his supporters during the election campaign when it looked like the Texan Congressman might have a real chance of winning the nomination .
You implied that Ron Paul supporters were domestic terrorists and should be dealt with by the U.S. Army , but later tried to side with Ron Paul supporters when the infamous and discredited MIAC report echoed your own talking point that people who support Ron Paul were dangerous .
The smear came during a November 2007 show when you were still hosting on CNN .
Yourself and ex-Marxist David Horowitz smeared Ron Paul supporters , libertarians and the anti-war left as terrorist sympathizers and inferred that the U.S. military should be used to silence them , parroting a talking point that traces back to a September 2006 White House directive .
When asked about the issue , Ron Paul dismissed you as “ pretty discourteous ” and a “ demagogue ” .
You Glenn Beck have acted as a cheerleader for the wars of aggression launched since 9/11 and in addition called for Iran to be attacked , claiming that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is preparing a “ second holocaust . ”
Once again , these political opinions stand completely contrary to libertarian principles , which follow the founding fathers ’ view that an expansionist aggressive foreign policy is bad for America .
You have attacked Obama for unraveling the Bush war machine to give you left cover , when in fact Obama has done everything in his power to expand Bush ’s wars , beefing the campaigns in Afghanistan and Pakistan while removing a token amount of troops from Iraq and replacing them with an even greater number of contractors .
By attacking Obama for being different to Bush , when in reality he offers not change whatsoever , you keep people locked in the left - right paradigm and ensure that instead of coming to the realization that the whole system is rigged , they will merely vote in another puppet for the new world order in 2012 .
Glenn Beck – you are controlled opposition , you are there to co-opt and ensure the Tea Parties are under control and that they never focus on taking on the real power behind the American economy – the Federal Reserve .
Bearing in mind that you almost died not too long ago , would n’t you rather come to the end of your life , whether that be in one year or 30 years from now , knowing that you stood up for true liberty and freedom ?
Is n’t that more valuable than your $ 50 million dollars a year contract ?
When I was approached ten years ago and offered large sums of money every year to sell out and become what you are today – the new Rush Limbaugh – while accepting tight controls on what I could and could not discuss – I said no and I thank God every day that I made the right decision .
I appeal to you directly Glenn – think twice about what you are doing , think twice about what you are a part of right now .
Try to do what you can to redeem yourself and do n’t be a Benedict Arnold , do n’t be a traitor that takes legions of good - natured but hoodwinked people down the rat hole with you as America collapses because those who had voices and platforms used them to deceive and distract rather than tell the truth .
Alex Jones
Watch Alex Jones ’ video address to Glenn Beck which was made during his radio show yesterday .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull boss Christian Horner says his team has only " one eye on the championship " , as it focuses on winning the Brazilian Grand Prix to try and take the title battle down to the wire .
Sebastian Vettel took a significant step forward in his championship ambitions last Sunday , winning the Japanese Grand Prix to reduce the gap to Jenson Button from 25 to 16 points with two races to go .
The German , however , still has a mountain to climb , and he will need Button to have two very bad races to be champion .
However , with Kimi Raikkonen having managed to overcome a 17 - point deficit to Lewis Hamilton two years ago , Horner is adamant that it can happen again and that the pressure is on Button and his Brawn team not to lose the championship .
" Kimi came from further back two years ago , but we have only one eye on the championship , " said Horner after the Suzuka race .
" Our main focus is on trying to win the races , then the pressure is on Brawn .
" There is for sure a chance .
We are now 16 points away and we were 25 - so there is a better chance than it was .
" We have got to go and attack them and win the race - to try and take the championship into the final race in Abu Dhabi . "
Horner said his team will continue pushing with the development of its car in order to be more competitive in the final two races .
" We have kept our heads down and kept pushing , and we will have some new components in the next two events , " he added .
The Red Bull team principal also praised Vettel after his dominant performance in Japan .
" I think it was a very impressive drive , " Horner said .
" It was absolutely faultless and he was on it from start to finish .
I am delighted for him and happy for the team .
Shame for Mark , but his luck definitely deserted him this weekend but both will be there in Brazil . "
California could lose out on millions of federal education dollars unless legislators change a law that prevents it from using student test scores to measure teachers ’ performance , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan is expected to announce in a speech today .
California has among the worst records of any state in collecting and using data to evaluate teachers and schools .
Moreover , a 2006 law that created a teacher database explicitly prohibited the use of student test scores to hold teachers accountable on a statewide basis , although it did not mention local districts .
Only a few of the state ’s nearly 1,000 districts evaluate teachers by using their students ’ scores , though a dozen more are considering such moves , according to state officials .
Los Angeles Unified , the state ’s largest , does not grade teachers based on student performance .
Advertisement
Data - driven school reform is a major focus of the Obama administration ’s education policies .
Duncan , who has repeatedly chastised states with similar laws , plans to withhold some economic stimulus money from those states , according to an advance text of his speech to be given today at the U.S. Department of Education in Washington .
Money from the administration ’s Race to the Top fund , about $ 4.35 billion , is intended to help states boost reform efforts at a time when most are facing severe budget cutbacks .
That money , a fraction of the nearly $ 100 billion provided for education through the economic stimulus bill , will be granted competitively in large chunks to a few states .
Advertisement
In recent public appearances , Duncan singled out California ’s law as “ ridiculous ” and “ mind - boggling , ” saying that it prevents the state from identifying which of the state ’s 300,000 teachers are effective and which are not .
“ No one in California can tell you which teacher is in which category , ” Duncan said at one meeting of education officials .
“ Something is wrong with that picture . ”
If Duncan stands firm on his position , state legislators may have to renegotiate the sensitive issue with the state ’s powerful teachers unions , which are concerned that their local collective bargaining agreements would be trumped by state law .
“ We would have some very serious discussions with the Legislature ” if they tried to rewrite the 2006 legislation , said David Sanchez , president of the California Teachers Assn .
Advertisement
“ We ’d suggest the state look very carefully at that before they made that move , ” said Gary Ravani , an official with the California Federation of Teachers .
State education officials said they have repeatedly told Duncan that the amendment -- inserted into the law at the request of teachers unions -- in no way prevents such accountability at school districts in the state , where evaluation and pay decisions are made .
The state ’s three top education officials wrote to Duncan earlier this month disputing his interpretation of the law .
“ We want to reiterate to you that we have the capability to link teacher and student data , which is exactly what you are advocating nationally , ” said the July 9 letter signed by state Supt. of Public Instruction Jack O’Connell , state Board of Education President Ted Mitchell and state Secretary of Education Glen Thomas .
Advertisement
Duncan has not responded to the letter , but on Thursday a spokesman , Justin Hamilton , said the secretary “ stands by his public comments . ”
And Rep. George Miller ( D - Martinez ) , who is the chairman of the Education and Labor Committee , agreed with Duncan ’s interpretation and urged the state to alter its law .
“ I hope states that do n’t presently meet the eligibility will decide to take the steps necessary to meet it .
It ’s the right policy to take our education system to the next level , ” he said in a statement .
Regardless of the interpretation of the law , few would dispute that California is behind on data collection .
Advertisement
California ranks 41st among states in its use of education data , according to a 2008 survey by the Data Quality Campaign , a nonprofit based in Austin , Texas .
The federal guidelines have been widely anticipated for months and two other states , Arizona and Indiana , recently struck similar language from their laws to qualify for Race to the Top funds , according to the Data Quality Campaign .
Today ’s announcement will not be the final word on the dispute .
States have a month to comment on the draft guidelines before they are finalized .
As part of that process , California ’s attorney general also can certify that the state law does not create a barrier to teacher accountability .
State officials said they planned to argue their case forcefully .
Advertisement
If California is required to change its law , its reform efforts could be turned into confusion , some lawmakers say .
“ My worry is that the debate over this particular provision ends up generating opposition to the whole notion of meaningful accountability and a meaningful data system , ” said state Sen.
Joe Simitian ( D - Palo Alto ) , who wrote the 2006 legislation that created the statewide teacher database , known as CALTIDES .
“ We were able to strike a balance that brought a lot of folks along on a very challenging issue .
The consensus we ’ve developed could be badly damaged . ”
The dispute over state laws is not the only controversial aspect of Race to the Top .
The department will have spent more discretionary money on that program than any other reform in the last 29 years .
Advertisement
In recent speeches , Duncan has laid out four key areas of reform in which applicants must show progress : adopting rigorous academic standards ; recruiting and keeping effective teachers ; turning around chronically low - performing schools ; and building data systems to track student achievement and teacher effectiveness .
“ There are lots of things that are going to cause California and all 50 states to think differently about their education system , ” said Rick Miller , deputy superintendent of public instruction in California .
“ It fundamentally changes much of what we do . ”
--
jason.felch@latimes.com
Advertisement
jason.song@latimes.com
For me , the real Obama moment of this back - to - work season was n’t the speech before Congress or Wall Street .
It was in the Virginia schoolhouse when a ninth - grader asked him a question that had nothing and everything to do with his presidency : “ And if you could have dinner with anyone , dead or alive , who would it be ? ”
The president was not about to choose Lindsay Lohan .
Nor did he pick Abe Lincoln .
His answer was Gandhi .
Yes , that Gandhi .
“ It would probably be a really small meal because he did n’t eat a lot , ” he added with humor .
But the icon of nonviolent leadership was his inspiration because “ he ended up doing so much and changing the world just by the power of his ethics . ”
As I heard this , I imagined a huge groan emanating skyward from a frustrated phalanx of his supporters .
“ Gandhi ?
Did he say Gandhi ? ”
These are people who spent the summer waiting for Obama ’s inner fighter .
The left thought he ’d gotten right - wing sand kicked in his face .
The media were so anxious for a battle , they got nostalgic for LBJ , urging Obama to twist arms and knock heads .
Instead they heard the man telling a polarized Congress , “ I still believe we can replace acrimony with civility . ”
Gandhi , meet Joe Wilson .
This is the Obama story .
Right from the get - go , Americans were attracted to a man who was more collaborative than combative .
Hillary was the tough guy in the primaries .
McCain was the warrior in the election .
Obama was the Oprah candidate who believed we could talk with anyone , even our enemies .
At times , supporters urged him into trench warfare with Sen. Clinton .
He did n’t go , and he won .
At times , advisers wanted him to duke it out with Sen. McCain .
He did n’t , and he won .
The country liked a man who fashioned himself as a healer .
And yet there has always been this underlying anxiety .
Can you be a healer and a politician ?
If you try to mediate an ideological divide , do you just end up in the crossfire ?
Michael Ignatieff , leader of the Liberal Party in Canada , recently described his transition from academic to politician this way : “ It ’s combat .
And you have to be ready for combat , and you have to lead troops into a kind of rhetorical battle .
And you ’ve got to show fight .
This is not a seminar . ”
And that ’s in Canada .
Clearly , Obama knows this .
But it ’s equally clear that he wants to do this leadership thing his own way .
As his would - be dinner companion would say , “ Be the change you wish to see in the world . ”
This is risky stuff .
After all , the iconic American hero is the man who does n’t pick a fight but is inevitably pushed into one .
It ’s Gary Cooper in “ High Noon . ”
The duality that we feel around political “ combat ” is not unlike the anxiety about raising boys in our culture .
Parents want sons to resolve arguments without a fight , to use reason , not fists .
But deep in some primal place , they also believe that when push comes to shove , their boys had better be able to shove harder .
In the political playground , right and left , red and blue , have taken to their corners .
Meanwhile , Obama sees himself as the principal , the grown - up .
His resistance to getting riled up may come from the fear of being seen as an “ angry black man . ”
It may also come from that old Gandhi - on - a- T - shirt wisdom that says if you get an eye for an eye , pretty soon the whole world is blind .
But those who urge Obama to adopt a new style as if it were a pair of designer jeans do n’t realize just how deep this runs in his character .
“ I ’m skinny but I ’m tough , ” Obama laughingly reassured a union crowd this week .
For better or worse , he is as tenacious in rejecting polarized politics as in promoting health care reform .
He ’s not just after a policy change but a cultural change .
Indeed , he sees these two changes as fundamentally connected .
I ’m not sure he can pull it off .
This is not a seminar .
Rep. Joe Wilson raised hackles for disrespecting the president , but he also raised $ 1.5 million — for himself and his opponent .
We long for and disparage a fight , we reject it and reward it .
But I am reminded of Obama ’s bemused response to Steve Kroft of “ 60 Minutes ” on the woes of being , well , nonviolent , in the polarized world , and bringing civility to politics : “ It ’s still a work in progress .
No doubt about it . ”
For the president and the rest of us .
Ellen Goodman ’s e-mail address is ellengoodman1 ( at ) me.com .
Phillips did not disown the Marianas Islands publicity campaign before Maddow sprung her trap .
After Maddow explained the State Departments findings , Phillips pleaded that is was n't fair to pick one moment in a 25 year career to focus upon , and make it seem that he was a jerk based on that one instance .
Hardly a sterling defense of an action to take pride in .
Rachel pivoted nicely to Phillips involvement in the 2002 Saxby Chambliss campaign for Senate , in which Phillips crew ran that slimy ad that morphed Max Clelands picture into Osama Bin Laden , and claimed Cleland , who lost three limbs in Vietnam , did not have courage .
This pretty much devolved into a back and forth with Phillips trying to talk up the war on terror , with Maddow trying to get him to admit that Cleland did have courage after all .
The biggest highlight for me came about 2 minutes before the wrap up , when Maddow told Phillips straight to his face that she thought he was a fearmonger and she hoped his stock in trade would dry up and go away .
There is no way I can hope to do it justice from memory ... but the way she went after him , trying to shame him personally for being such a jerk was just inspiring .
Someone hurry up and get this video onto You Tube , because there is no way to adequately describe this interview .
It was Maddow at her finest .
Update : Ministryoftruth in comments recalls the verbiage Maddow used in the wrapup .
She told Phillips to his face " You are a parasite " .
And then she hoped his enterprise would fail ... right to his face .
It was all delivered with Maddow 's typical aplomb , which from my perspective is just hard to fathom , but which makes her so freaking brilliant .
UPDATE II : Here is a link to the MSNBC footage : Part 1 .
And Part 2 .
Part 1 is pretty standard fare as far as Maddow interviews go , which is brilliant .
But the real fireworks come in segment number 2 from my perspective .
Update III : Part 1 :
Part 2 :
The work ethic has become obsolete .
It is no longer true that producing more means working more , or that producing more will lead to a better way of life .
The connection between more and better has been broken ; our needs for many products and services are already more than adequately met , and many of our as - yet - unsatisfied needs will be met not by producing more , but by producing differently , producing other things , or even producing less .
This is especially true as regards our needs for air , water , space , silence , beauty , time and human contact .
Neither is it true any longer that the more each individual works , the better off everyone will be .
- Critique of Economic Reason , 1989
Go tell your momma that .
We have to become smarter about work and consumption and quality of life .
We have to lift our foot off the gas pedal as we speed toward the precipice .
If that means affecting the 72 % of the economy that consumer spending accounts for , then so be it .
It has to happen or we are going over the cliff .
I do not intend to do a Thelma and Louise thing .
I am getting out of the car before it takes the plunge , even if your mom thinks I 'm lazy , and wants to see me disappear over the horizon .
Oh , and by the way ?
Your mom is wrong .
Anyone seriously considering downsizing , or living with less , is going to be up against formidable opposition .
Courage , perseverance , and a tough leathery hide are required to venture into the Simple Zone .
When troubled times call for us to go shopping in order to do our part , not doing so is risking being unpatriotic .
Being seen as a penny - pinching tight - wad pales in comparison .
When I first decided that I wanted to delve deeper into simple living , some thought I was making a colossal mistake , or worse .
I could have stayed in my teaching position until I was 65 , rather than retire at age 40 .
Thing is , over the course of my career I heard of many colleagues that passed away shortly before , or just after retiring .
All that financial planning is rendered ineffective if you die before the first pension check hits your mailbox .
I had to change my life before it happened to me .
I took a two year sabbatical first , wanting to ease into a life with less .
After the freedom of these two years I could n't go back .
I quit .
" If you do n't teach what will you do ? " I was asked .
My mind was reeling thinking of the infinite possibilities .
Do n't get me wrong , teaching was one of the most incredible and satisfying things I have ever done .
But it has a way of consuming your time ; it takes over your life , becomes your life .
It is ' right livelihood ' but at what cost ?
Someone else asked , " What about retirement ? "
Since I try to live in the moment , considering this was not at the top of my list .
Sixty - five felt like a long way away , and I wanted to retire to a simpler life immediately .
My favorite reaction , though , came from two individuals I did n't even know .
I explained to these friends of friends , that I had quit teaching to live a slower - paced , environmentally responsible , low - income life .
The young couple were silent as they shook their heads in response to my words .
Finally the woman looked at me , and proclaimed , " My mom would think you are lazy .
" Ouch .
Move over Big Brother , Big Mother is here .
Call me a slacker , call me a hippie , a radical even , but do n't tell me your Mom thinks I 'm lazy .
That 's just mean .
I guess what she was saying was she thought that my work ethic sucked .
This is what 20th - century French philosopher André Gorz wrote about the work ethic :
China Molding Tooling of injected plastic parts
Our tool maker in China is a company of Triple -c ( ltd ) that is set up by 2 Western engineers .
Our Factory and toolshop has the best of two worlds :
A Western managed company with an eye for high quality and the best tooling shop of Shanghai for your custom designed parts .
We offer dedicated plastic precision molds and tooling used for export to Europe and the US and we make plastic injection moulds and parts for our own production facilities in China .
With Triple -c you find the right company in China for your sourcing needs .
We have 15 years experience in the following 5 design steps of realizing your plastic injection molded parts :
3D CAD Design Engineering
Do you have a sketch or an idea , but it needs to get more " body " and it needs to be made feasible for manufacturing ?
Our engineering team creates in NX or Solidworks your parts and products feasible and ready for injection molding .
Material Consultancy
Every product has it's specific application in a specific environment , meaning it has several requirements or specifications , so does it 's plastic material .
We consult you in the choice and application of the right plastic material ;
We have experience in material for transparent plastics ( PMMA , PC , PC etc ) , in material for living hinges , for 2 components products ( tpr / tpe combinations with PA ) and for parts in extreme conditions such as medical appliances or car lighting ..
Prototyping
Each product has its risks and needs to be assessed on assembly and other aspects such as functionality , feasibility and handling .
A rapid prototyping , one single made by cnc machining or stereolithography will verify or proof the right way .
mold and tool design
Once a part design has been made in 3d CAD the tooling design process will start at our Factory and we will finish the drawings with 3 - 4 working days , usually we show our customers the drawings to explain the general mould build up and details such as ejector pin and sprue point locations .
We use standards such as DME or specified by you .
injection mold making
During this process we will do EDM , CNC machine the parts and fit the cavities , made by machining on the mold base
Why do you need our injection molding Factory ?
we are not only a factory , so don not expect a ( Chinese ) factory attitude : expect additional services such as :
experienced western project management
fluent communication in English and Dutch
material and product design engineering
experience with complex and high quality molding / tooling / molding
mold flow analysis if necessary
assembly and secondary processes such as pad printing , silk screen painting , packaging ( blisters )
And last but not least , not to mention our price , you will still pay up to 50 % ( fifty percent ) less than the tooling costs in USA or Europe .
So , If you have a 3d cad file for quotation , please send to our email address info@injectionmoldinchina.com and than we can quickly review it and give you advise on our pricing of the necessary tooling / moulds and injection molding manufacturing these plastic parts .
You are always welcome to visit our injection mould shop near Shanghai .....
examples of injection molded pa ( polyamide ) clips , or check our other website mold china
here above you see an encasing molded for an electronic company and precision molded parts for a bike device .
injection mold making for the medical industry read this story :
The medical field is the fastest segment for injection molded plastics .
The medical industry requires that medical products must be quality controlled to avoid failures and save the medical practitioner and his employer from lawsuits .
If you want to know more about the advantages of buying molds china click here .
about the advantages of buying molding China click here Companies that are involved in the manufacturing of moulds are equipped with advanced machineries such as famous Italian milling machines , but als EDM machinery .
They also have experienced technical teams with applications on CAS / CAD / CAE / CAM / CAQ systems in design and manufacturing .
Chinese Molding companies are established with a good reputation and in good ties with Volkswagen , Audi , Sony , Mazda and other foreign customers from Brazil , Canada , Israel , the Middle East , and Singapore among others .
If you wish to read more about
Software Patents Just As Ridiculous As Literary Patents ?
from the indeed dept
Imagine the outcry if the courts were to legalize patents on English prose .
Suddenly , you could get a " literary patent " on novels employing a particular kind of plot twist , on news stories using a particular interview technique , or on legal briefs using a particular style of argumentation .
Publishing books , papers , or articles would expose authors to potential liability for patent infringement .
To protect themselves , writers would be forced to send their work to a patent lawyer before publication and to re-write passages found to be infringing a literary patent .
Most writers would regard this as an outrageous attack on their freedom .
Some people might argue that such patents would promote innovation in the production of literary techniques , but most writers would find that beside the point .
It 's simply an intolerable burden to expect writers to become experts on the patent system , or to hire someone who is , before communicating their thoughts in written form .
I think patent scholars would do well to pay a lot more attention to how the patent system is experienced by individuals who are required to obey it , rather than focusing on abstract doctrinal questions that are of interest only to patent attorneys .
We might call this a bottom - up perspective on patent law .
I spent the summer developing software for Dancing Mammoth , the company that also hosts this blog .
If Dancing Mammoth were really serious about avoiding patent infringement , it probably should have hired a patent lawyer to verify that each line of code I wrote did n't infringe one of the hundreds of thousands of software patents in existence .
Obviously , this would be completely impractical , as the patent attorney 's fees would likely exceed my own salary , so like most software firms they did n't do that .
Now , I do n't know of any patents I infringed , but as a statistical matter it 's likely that I infringed some .
Fortunately , it 's pretty unlikely anyone will sue me or Dancing Mammoth for any infringement we may have committed , because there are other potential targets with much deeper pockets .
But that hardly justifies this situation where everyone 's a lawbreaker but most people do n't get caught .
Small firms do get sued for inadvertent software patent infringement .
Laws that are virtually impossible to follow are bad laws , regardless of how infrequently they 're actually applied .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Occasional Techdirt contributor Tim Lee has a great writeup for Cato , detailing why software patents do n't make much sense , comparing the idea to what would happen if there were " literary patents " :
While I think Tim 's comparison to " literary patents " is compelling , it 's worth noting that there are some who believe that literary plots are , indeed , patentable .
There 's a guy who 's been pushing for a patent on his story plot for years -- though , I half wonder if it's a combination marketing device and attempt to prove how ridiculous patents are .
However , well - known patent system commentator Greg Aharonian has made the case that movie scripts should be patentable .
So , it 's worth noting that , as ridiculous as the concept sounds to many of us , there actually are some people who take the concept of patenting plots or storylines as being reasonable .
Tim 's larger point , though , stands .
It 's that for those who actually work in software development world , patents make no sense .
In fact , it 's quite troubling that a significant number of people who actually develop software find patents so troublesome , and the defense of such things tends to come more often from lawyers .
Tim points out that there 's a rather large disconnect there , when so many of the people that software patents are supposed to " protect " are against the concept .
Tim suggests that patent lawyers who defend software patents might want to spend more time around actual developers :
In the original piece , Tim also points out how software patents ( contrary to the claims of some defenders of the system ) unfairly tilt the balance of power to big companies -- the ones who can stockpile tons of patents to use as a weapon against infringement suits .
It 's the small companies who are left exposed .
Tim , and many others , hope that the Supreme Court ruling in Bilski will exclude software ( and business method ) patents , and I would probably cheer on such a ruling as well .
However , there is a part of me that worries that drawing a red exclusionary line around certain areas is simply a way to duct - tape over a much bigger problem with the patent system .
It may be a good short - term solution , but I 'd rather see the entire patent system fixed , rather trying to create special cases for each individual problem .
Filed Under : literary patents , patents , software patents
Former UFC world light heavyweight champion Quinton “ Rampage ” Jackson is now locked in to portray Sgt. “ B.A. ” Baracus in Fox ’s upcoming film remake of 80’s TV series classic “ The A - Team ” according to The Vancouver Sun .
Made famous by Mr. T in the series , Jackson arrived in Vancouver on Friday to begin filming the role on the production that will shoot over the next six weeks .
Jackson joins Bradley Cooper as Face , Liam Neeson as Hannibal , and a still as yet undisclosed star as ‘ Howling Mad ’ Murdock .
The Joe Carnahan - directed film will hit cinemas next June .
H. G. Wells ( 1866-1946 ) , English author , futurist , essayist , historian , socialist , and teacher wrote The War of the Worlds ( 1898 ) ;
Yet across the gulf of space , minds that are to our minds as ours are to those of the beasts that perish , intellects vast and cool and unsympathetic , regarded this earth with envious eyes , and slowly and surely drew their plans against us .
And early in the twentieth century came the great disillusionment .
—Ch. 1 .
The invasion of earth by aliens from Mars , tripods attacking with Heat Rays and Black Smoke and the evacuation of London while people were terrorised in the surrounding countryside became one of the first internationally read modern science fiction stories .
Wells is often credited , along with Hugo Gernsback ( 1884 -1967 ) and Jules Verne ( 1828-1905 ) as being one of the fathers of science fiction .
Forty years after its publication , on the night of Halloween 1938 , Orson Welles ' Mercury Theatre on - air radio broadcast of the novel caused widespread panic in New York City .
Wells ' masterpiece spawned more invasion literature and inspired numerous movie adaptations and print sequels .
The popular novel foreshadowed things to come for the human race : robotics , World Wars , warfare tactics including aerial bombing , use of tanks and chemical weapons , and nuclear power .
Part prophet , part pessimist , Wells was a prolific author not just of science fiction but also fiction and non , utopian and dystopian short stories , travel sketches , histories , and socio-political commentary .
While his most popular works tend to show a bleak future for humanity , he was not without his sardonic wit and wry humour ;
Think of all the advantages of a cheap possession -- cheap and nasty , if you will -- compared with some valuable substitute .
Suppose you need this or that .
" Get a good one , " advises Aunt Charlotte ; " one that will last . "
You do -- and it does last .
It lasts like a family curse .
....
Her mahogany was avuncular ; her china remotely ancestral ; her feather beds and her bedsteads !-- they were haunted ; the births , marriages , and deaths associated with the best one was the history of our race for three generations .-- from " Thoughts on Cheapness and My Aunt Charlotte " , Certain Personal Matters
Herbert George Wells was born on 21 September 1866 in Bromley , Kent County , England , son of Sarah Neal , maid to the upper classes , and Joseph Wells , shopkeeper and professional cricket player .
The Wells were quite poor and it was not the happiest of marriages ; they would soon live apart though neither re-married .
At an early age Herbert was an avid reader but it would be some years before his talents as a writer were realised .
He attended Thomas Morley 's Academy for a few years before financial hardship forced him to leave and seek practical employment .
His father had broken his leg and not being able to play cricket anymore or pay for Herbert 's school , Herbert became an apprentice to a draper at the age of fourteen .
The experience provided much fodder for his future works including Kipps ( 1905 ) wherein orphan and draper 's apprentice Artie Kipps gains a large inheritance and quick education on the ways of upper - class society .
The Wheels of Chance : A Bicycling Idyll ( 1896 ) followed ;
Thus even in a shop assistant does the warmth of manhood assert itself .... against the counsels of prudence and the restrictions of his means , to seek the wholesome delights of exertion and danger and pain .
—Ch. 1 .
When Wells won a scholarship in 1883 to the Normal School of Science in London he realised another area of interest that would serve him well in his writing ; he began studies in biology and Darwinism under Thomas Henry Huxley , Aldous Huxley 's grandfather .
The Island of Doctor Moreau ( 1896 ) , another of Wells ' many stories to inspire movie adaptations , deals with themes of eugenics , the ethics of scientific experimentation , Darwin 's theories , and religion .
Wells was not able to complete the requirements for his degree and lost his scholarship , so , faced with financial hardship he moved to Fitzroy Road in London to live with his Aunt and Uncle Wells .
He tutored part - time and studied part - time at his uncle 's school .
His cousin Isabel Mary also lived with them and they were soon married , in 1891 .
It lasted only four years ;
Wells left her for one of his students , Amy Catherine Robbins ( Jane ) whom he married in 1895 and had two sons with : George Philip ( 1901 - 1985 ) and Frank Richard ( b.1903 ) .
Wells had liaisons with a number of other women , who became models for his characters , while married to Jane : writer Amber Reeves gave birth to their daughter Anna Jane in 1909 and in 1914 author and feminist Rebecca West gave birth to their son Anthony West .
" I did n't believe in marriage anyhow , I insisted .
The great thing was not marriage but love .
I invoked Godwin , Percy Bysshe Shelley , Socialism . " -- from Experiment in Autobiography ( 1939 ) .
For quite some time Wells had been writing stories and in 1895 he had several published ; Select Conversations with an Uncle was his first , followed by The Time Machine ( 1895 ) which would become a best - seller .
Wells is credited as coining the term " time machine " and popularising the concept of time travel .
The Wonderful Visit ( 1895 ) was followed by The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents ( 1895 ) .
His collection of essays and stories , Certain Personal Matters ( 1896 ) was followed by The Invisible Man ( 1897 ) ;
The stranger came early in February , one wintry day , through a biting wind and a driving snow ....
He was wrapped up from head to foot , and the brim of his soft felt hat hid every inch of his face but the shiny tip of his nose ; the snow had piled itself against his shoulders and chest , and added a white crest to the burden he carried .
— Ch. 1 .
When the Sleeper Wakes ( 1899 ) was followed by Love and Mr. Lewisham ( 1900 ) , The First Men in the Moon ( 1901 ) and his first non-fiction best - seller about what the world would be like in the year 2000 , Anticipations ( 1901 ) .
A year after its publication Wells joined the socialist Fabian Society and met playwright and co-founder of the New Statesman George Bernard Shaw .
A Modern Utopia was published in 1905 ;
Man is the unnatural animal , the rebel child of nature , and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him .
—Ch. 5 .
Wells continued his prodigious output of fiction and non-fiction essays and articles on politics , liberalism , democracy , and on society including Tono - Bungay ( 1909 ) , Floor Games ( 1911 ) , The Great State : Essays in Construction ( 1912 ) , An Englishman Looks at the World ( 1914 ) , The War That Will End War ( 1914 ) , and Mr. Britling Sees It Through ( 1916 ) .
After he published Outline of History ( 1920 ) he followed it up with A Short History of the World ( 1922 ) " to meet the needs of the busy general reader .... who wishes to refresh and repair his faded or fragmentary conceptions of the great adventure of mankind . " -- Preface .
Wells collaborated with his son , zoologist and author George P. Wells and biologist Sir Julian Huxley ( Aldous 's brother ) for The Science of Life ( 1930 ) , the same year Wells met Rabindranath Tagore in Geneva , Switzerland .
They discussed issues of modern civilisation , government and education , comparing them in the East and West .
Wells was fast becoming a celebrity and he traveled extensively , meeting with world leaders and fellow authors .
The Shape of Things to Come ( 1933 ) was followed by Wells ' examination of fascist dictators in The Holy Terror ( 1939 ) .
The New World Order was published the same year , Mind at the End of Its Tether in 1945 .
It would be the last book published during his lifetime .
H. G. Wells died on 13 August 1946 at his home in Regent 's Park , London .
In a tribute to his friend of over 40 years , George Bernard Shaw wrote in the New Statesman - - " he never behaved like a gentleman nor like a shop assistant , nor like a schoolmaster , nor like anyone on earth but himself .
And what a charmer he was ! "
In the Preface to the 1941 edition of The War In The Air ( first published in 1908 , then again in 1921 ) Wells wrote :
" Again I ask the reader to note the warnings I gave in that year , twenty years ago .
Is there anything to add to that preface now ?
Nothing except my epitaph .
That , when the time comes , will manifestly have to be : ' I told you so .
You damned fools . '
( The italics are mine . ) "
On 4 January , 1902 , Wells gave a lecture at the Royal Institute in London , titled " The Discovery of the Future " ;
" It is possible to believe that all the past is but the beginning of a beginning , and that all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn .
It is possible to believe that all the human mind has ever accomplished is but the dream before the awakening . "
Biography written by C.D. Merriman for Jalic Inc. Copyright Jalic Inc. 2007 .
All Rights Reserved .
The above biography is copyrighted .
Do not republish it without permission .
Recent Forum Posts on H.G. Wells
Forum Discussions on H.G. Wells
Waves of Americans faced with negative home equity are choosing to game the system and walk away from their mortgages and strategically default , despite their likely ability to pay .
Research by Experian and Oliver Wyman shows that there were 588,000 strategic defaulters in 2008 , concentrated in regions worst hit by the housing bust such as California and Florida .
The thing is , these strategic defaulters are frequently the type of borrower with perfect credit histories and high credit scores .
Unfortunately , they also tend to be the type of people pretty knowledgeable about the trade - off between owing a few hundred thousand dollars on a house and destroying their credit history via default .
LA Times : People who default strategically and lose their houses appear to understand the consequences of what they 're doing .
Piyush Tantia , an Oliver Wyman partner and a principal researcher on the study , said strategic defaulters " are clearly sophisticated , " based on the patterns of selective payments observable in their credit files .
For example , they tend not to default on home equity lines of credit until after they bail out on their main mortgages , sometimes to draw down more cash on the equity line .
While we agree with Felix Salmon that strategic defaulters act perfectly within the rights banks agreed to , we can't help but notice a deafening silence from financial industry critics on this one .
Imagine the firestorm this could have created , should the tables have been turned and it were banks ( even within their rights ) gaming the system .
Perhaps in the future showing off financial knowledge could ding your credit score .
Scotland exports hundreds of millions of pounds worth of whisky to the US Calls for a boycott of Scottish goods have been made in the US following the controversial decision to release the man convicted of carrying out the Lockerbie bombing .
A website urging Americans to " Boycott Scotland " has been set up featuring a list of e-mail addresses for prominent Scottish and UK politicians , as well as contact details for Scottish newspapers and a list of Scottish products and companies .
The site accuses the Scottish and UK governments of committing a " flagrant betrayal " by releasing Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi .
It said a boycott was the " only way to send a clear and direct message " of American anger over the decision .
The Scots are loved in America so this [ calls for a boycott ] is out of left field
Tom Rivers
ABC Radio
Would you ' boycott ' Scotland ?
An online petition calling for a boycott of Scottish goods which was linked to by the website had attracted 460 signatures by Monday morning .
However , many of those who had signed were Scots who backed the release of Megrahi on compassionate grounds .
A second petition said to have been started by Scots opposed to Megrahi 's release had been signed by about 250 people on Monday , many of them anonymous .
Grassroots campaigns were also taking hold on social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook , while calls have even been made to have Scotch whisky renamed as Freedom Liquor .
Tourist body VisitScotland said it had received e-mails from Americans pledging to cancel holidays in Scotland .
Visitors from the US accounted for 340,000 trips to Scotland in 2008 , and spent £ 260 m in the country , according to figures published by VisitScotland .
This accounted for 21 % of spending by people from outside the UK .
VisitScotland spokeswoman Alison Robb said : " We have had e-mails from people in America saying they 're going to cancel their holidays but have had no cancellations through our booking engine .
" We have alerted our staff and made them aware of the situation . "
However , she confirmed that a US advertising campaign for the Year of Homecoming will still go ahead next month as planned .
The States is Scotland 's single biggest export market , with some £ 2.3 bn of Scottish goods sold to America in 2007 .
Whisky exports alone were worth £ 370 m .
But members of the whisky industry have told BBC Scotland they were confident any boycott would soon fizzle out and not pose a long - term threat to sales .
Megrahi's release is a ' hot ' topic in the US broadcast media , Mr Rivers said And the Scottish North America Business Council said Scotland 's relationship with America should not be affected by the decision to release Megrahi .
It said the issue was a political rather than a business one , and it was unaware of any anti-Scottish sentiment in terms of business or trade links .
Tom Rivers , ABC radio's correspondent in the UK , said the early release of the terminally - ill Megrahi was vey much a " hot " topic in the US media .
He said it was being widely discussed on the talk show circuit , and well as the television morning shows and the tabloid press .
This had been accompanied by a " growing phenomenon of flak " on the internet , he said , with websites calling for boycotts of Scottish goods and for people not to holiday in the UK .
Mr Rivers said : " You think back six years to when French Fries were renamed in America as Freedom Fries , when French wine was being poured down the gutters of certain streets in certain large cities in America .
I think it is symbolic , I think it is a bit superficial , but that sentiment is there .
" How does it change ?
What can people like Gordon Brown do and say to change public perception in America ?
It is a big question . "
An annual Tartan Week of events in New York has been held in recent years , with the aim of giving Scotland a higher profile in the US in a bid to attract tourism .
' More flak '
" The Scots are loved in America so this [ calls for a boycott ] is out of left field , we have never seen anything like this before , " Mr Rivers added .
" As to how it will evolve and change , we will just need to sit back and watch because it will be hard to read , but I think there is going to be more flak in the coming days .
" It may be yesterday 's news next month , but right now it is hot . "
Mr Rivers said Americans had been told that the Scottish legal system was the " gold standard " for the world at the time of Megrahi 's trial at Camp Zeist in the Netherlands in 2001 , and there had not been the same controversy over Megrahi 's conviction in the US as there has been elsewhere .
He added : " Now that these questions have been raised once again Americans are saying ' I do n't want to go back to square one and have to re-examine evidence and rethink . '
" They are saying ' Megrahi is the one who done it - how can you guys release him ? ' "
Read some of your comments :
Sadly , I must show my support for the victims of Lockerbie , and now forego my favorite luxury , that being imported single malt scotch whisky .
As an American of Scottish descent , this is particularly painful , though not as painful as watching a mass murdered be set free .
On the bright side , I will instead enjoy my Jack Daniel 's Tennessee whisky and Kentucky Bourbon , which will actually save me money , a welcome side benefit of Scotland 's cruelty to the families of those lost by the acts of the murdered they deemed worthy of " mercy . "
His release is a slap in the face to civilized societies .
John , Washington , DC Lets make this painful for Scotland , Scotch is off the shopping list along with anything else that they make .
Trade with Lybia if you like but not me .
David , Tamworth UK
I like my single malt scotch , I like the Scots though I find them a bit dour at times .
I have no intention of boycotting anything Scottish ( except perhaps haggis which I had once in Scotland and swore never again ) ; the very idea is absurd .
Why ?
Because Megrahi was a bit player here , he did not do this on his own .
Leonard , New York City , USA
There will not be any real support for such a boycott .
This is just another stupid reaction by my fellow citizens .
It is really time for me to immigrate elsewhere !
David , Chicago , USA Anti-Scottish sentiment ?
I have yet to see any .
Also 6 years ago French Fries were n't renamed for the entire country .
The manager of the capitol 's cafeteria just changed the labels as a joke .
Also wine poured down drains if it did happen was not widespread .
Who is this Mr. Rivers ?
Christopher , Washington DC , USA
This is the most moronic thing I 've ever heard .
What exactly is this boycott supposed to achieve ?
This will only hurt a population who are already struggling financially .
Do any Americans actually believe the majority of Scotland agrees and supports the decision to free this man ?
If these people want to vent their anger , I suggest they look at the politicians who made the decision , and not the Scottish people .
Are they failing to remember how many Scots also lost their lives that day ?
Neil , Arbroath , Scotland I think most people are bright enough to realise not everyone in Scotland is in agreement with the release .
I am sure that even the most hardline will understand that Bells , Johnny Walker and even the Moffat Woollen Mill , were left out of the decision making process .
As such , pouring whisky " down the gutter " , or burning shortbread will only result then them being out a few quid and having an empty bottle and a singed biscuit .
Also to be honest , after reading numerous comments on various forums ; anyone that posts comments like : " I am ashamed of my 15 % Scottish Blood " or " We should blow up one of their flights " , I can live without bumping into in the pub anyway ...
John , Edinburgh , Scotland I 'm from Scotland .
As for Scotland being the " Gold Standard " legal system , I 've never heard such rubbish .
Scotlands legal system is a joke .
If you are American help us out and punish our incompetant and lilly livered politicians .
Brian , Greenock I think the boycott 's a good idea .
Alas , I shall not participate .
As an Edinburgh resident , I would have to drive to Berwick to buy my groceries and that 's not feasible .
Although the release of Megrahi is something over which reasonable people might disagree , Mr MacAskill 's sanctimonious and paternalistic justification of it -- reminiscent of the Bush administration at its worst -- and the subsequent furor it engendered has exposed the depth and level of anti-Americanism in Scotland in particular and Britain generally .
Frank , Edinburgh , Scotland I am appalled by the actions of our and Scottish ' politicians ' , and whole heartedly agree with any boycott against Scottish products , as a mark of protest .
Being proudly British , I feel as if should personnaly appologise to all the still grieving families for the actions of our elected leaders , and the back room dealing , that allows a convicted mass murderer freedom .
Simon , Stockton on Tees , UK Yes , am in suport of d boycott , this megrahi's issue is an international affair , scotts can't just release him becos of one stupid excuse , america should stop all deal with scotish , dis guy may strike again , only God kwon's .
Dr Akhator , Benin city , Nigeria
We including all UK should be proud that we stand by our principals and can be the bigger person .
Should we be more worried that we can't stand up for ourselves or that the richest country and well educated population thinks a reaction like this is justified .
Steven , Perth , Scotland America just wants a bogey man to indefinitely punish and the talk of a Scots product boycott is clearly ridiculous .
The Scots should be praised for following due process and envied for the high quality of their legal system .
Richard , Pontypridd , Wales Boycott Scottish products in the U.S. , that 's funny .
Everything here comes from China anyway .
Jeff , Alton , USA I 'll be boycotting macdonalds - they sound Scottish .
jimbo , I have already been boycotting the Scottish Football team for years as they are rotten .
I will continue this boycott and no amount of terrorist releases will make me change my mind .
Sean , Greenock
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Instead of detaining prisoners forever without a trial in Guantanamo , Obama will just detain them forever without a trial in Bagram :
Yesterday , the Obama DOJ — as expected — filed a legal brief ( .pdf ) which adopted the arguments originally made by the Bush DOJ to insist that detainees whom they abduct from around the world and then ship to Bagram ( rather than Guantanamo ) lack any constitutional rights whatsoever , including habeas review .
I guess Obama lied when he said habeas corpus ( the right to legally challenge your imprisonment ) was compatible with our fight against terrorism , and that abandoning habeas corpus was a “ dangerously flawed legal approach ” and damaged our “ credibility as a nation committed to the rule of law . ”
The great liberal betrayal continues .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The United States is overhauling Bush - era plans for a missile defense shield in Europe , based partly on the latest analysis of Iran 's offensive capabilities , President Obama said Thursday .
President Obama on Thursday says the Bush - era missile defense plan will be replaced with a new system .
The " new missile defense architecture in Europe ... will provide capabilities sooner , build on proven systems and offer greater defenses against the threat of missile attack than the ... program " that former President George W. Bush proposed , Obama said .
Obama said the change of gears was based on an " updated intelligence assessment " about Iran 's ability to hit Europe with missiles .
The Islamic republic 's " short - and medium - range " missiles pose the most current threat , he said , and " this new ballistic missile defense will best address " that threat .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , speaking from the Pentagon immediately after the president 's announcement , denied the United States was " scrapping " missile defense .
" This new approach provides a better missile defense capability for our forces in Europe , for our European allies and eventually for our homeland than the program I recommended almost three years ago , " said Gates , who was defense chief in the last two years of the Bush administration and stayed on when Obama took office .
Watch as Obama says the new approach is suited to threats of 21st century »
The Bush - era proposal called for the U.S. to set up a radar site in the Czech Republic and 10 missile interceptors in Poland to counter the threat of Iran launching long - range missiles at America 's allies in Europe .
See how the system would have worked » |
See a map of proposed sites under the Bush - era plan »
American officials from Obama on down insisted Thursday 's announcement does not reflect any lesser commitment to European defense .
A U.S. delegation held high - level meetings Thursday in Poland and the Czech Republic to discuss the missile defense system .
Polish Prime Minister Donald
Tusk told reporters he spoke to Obama and other U.S. officials and received " certain other signals " that left him cautiously optimistic about " Poland 's future security and our relationship with the United States . "
Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer issued a statement saying that Obama told him in a Wednesday phone call that the United States would shelve its plans .
" At the NATO summit in April , we adopted a resolution focusing on building a defense system against real , existing threats , i.e. short - range and medium - range missiles , " Fischer said .
" We expect that the United States will continue cooperating with the Czech Republic on concluding the relevant agreements on our mutual [ research and development ] and military collaboration , including the financing of specific projects . "
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev welcomed Obama 's move with a televised statement of his own from Moscow .
Watch how Obama 's plan may affect U.S. - Russian ties »
" We appreciate the responsible approach of the U.S. president , " Medvedev said , characterizing the new American position as " putting into practice " an agreement he made with Obama earlier this year .
" I discussed this issue with the U.S. president during our meetings in London and Moscow .
At that time , in our joint statement , we agreed to , and set in stone that Russia and the United States will seek to work together to assess the risks of missile proliferation in the world , " he said .
Watch CNN's Matthew Chance report on the U.S. missile defense shield »
A top expert at the Council on Foreign Relations backed Obama 's decision .
" The system that President George W. Bush proposed ... would have deployed interceptor missiles that had yet to be tested under real - world conditions to defend against long - range missiles that Iran had yet to develop , " said the council 's senior vice president , James Lindsay .
" Meanwhile , the interceptors would have been useless against the short - and medium - range missiles that Iran is rapidly developing , " he said in a written statement .
But the change of gears , while making strategic sense , does present Obama with diplomatic problems , Lindsay said .
" Poles and Czechs worry that his decision signals a softening U.S. commitment to their security .
Both countries saw the system as a way to tie themselves more closely to the United States and thereby deter an increasingly belligerent Russia , " he said .
" Critics will also insist that the Poles and Czechs are right :
He axed the Bush program in a foolish and doomed bid to ' reset ' relations with Russia , " he said .
" Here Moscow is n't likely to be of much help to the White House .
The Kremlin will claim a diplomatic victory and it wo n't offer any concessions in return . "
Reaction from Poland and the Czech Republic was cautious , with leaders saying they were assured that the United States remained committed to a strong relationship and their security .
The council released a report Thursday that said repeated technological failures had put the Bush missile plan behind schedule and likely over budget , as well .
Obama 's Republican adversaries were quick to accuse him of selling out allies to placate Russia .
The " decision calls into question the security and diplomatic commitments the United States has made to Poland and the Czech Republic , " said Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the 2008 Republican nominee for president .
Obama has been seeking a stronger relationship with Russia and better cooperation from the Kremlin to support tough U.N. economic sanctions against Iran if it continues to pursue its nuclear ambitions .
Missile defense has been a sore point in relations between Washington and Moscow , with Russia believing the shield would ultimately erode its strategic nuclear deterrent .
But a senior administration official denied a diplomatic motive to scrapping the missile defense program .
" This has nothing to do with Russia , " he said .
" The notion that we 're abandoning missile defense is completely false .
It 's evolving into a different system . "
At the briefing with Gates , the Pentagon 's point man on the issue said the new system will have " hundreds " of missile interceptors .
It also will have mobile radar units , including some in space , " that can move to wherever the threat actually emanates and wherever we feel we need to defend ourselves , " said Gen. James Cartwright , deputy chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Cartwright contrasted the new sensor technology with the radar systems envisioned in the old plan , which he called " basically left over from the Cold War . "
The new plan includes three types of missiles to shoot down incoming threats -- Patriot missiles , which defend a single location ; SM - 3 interceptors , which he said could protect " a general area like the area from Philadelphia to Washington , D.C. " ; and large ground - based interceptors in Alaska and California .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said that the Missile Defense Agency 's budget would remain the same through fiscal year 2015 .
" Now that the plan is official , we are working with MDA to review all costs , " he said .
The Government Accountability Office reported in February that the MDA had spent about $ 56 billion since since 2002 and is budgeted to spend an additional $ 50 billion through 2013 .
The European strategy , the MDA said , is budgeted at $ 4.5 billion .
Cartwright did not say how much the new plan would cost compared with the old one .
But he pointed out that Patriot and SM - 3 missiles are significantly cheaper than the interceptors the Bush proposal relied on .
" You do not want to go after large numbers [ of missiles ] with the very expensive missiles unless it 's absolutely essential , " he said .
He said the fact that the United States sells Patriot and Aegis systems to other countries reduces the cost to Washington .
The SM - 3 missiles are part of the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense systems .
Other countries , he said , are helping to fund the research and development of the systems .
The first phase of the system is due to be in place in 2011 , with the subsequent phases rolling out around 2015 , 2018 and 2020 , he said .
" It 's a more advanced system , more cost - effective and efficient , " the senior administration official said before the president and Gates spoke .
" The technology has evolved in a way that allows you to deploy a system that is more effective in countering both short - , medium - and long - range missiles , " said the official , contrasting the types of missiles that Iran , for example , is believed to have with intercontinental ballistic missiles of the kind feared during the Cold War .
The Bush administration had cited the perceived nuclear threat from Iran as one of the key reasons it wanted to install the missile shield in Eastern Europe .
But a 60 - day review mandated by Congress and ordered by Obama recommended the new approach that was unveiled Thursday .
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Barbara Starr in Washington , Per Nyberg in London , England , Matthew Chance and Michael Sefanov in Moscow , Russia , and Richard Roth at the United Nations contributed to this report .
All About Russia • Poland • Czech Republic
When you are a person living with a physical or mental disability , just getting through your life on a day - to - day basis can be a struggle .
You should not have to worry about paying your bills and feeding your family , and you certainly should n't have to worry about a confusing application for disability benefits or how to appeal a Social Security or VA denial .
Going to the local SSA or VA office means having to wait in long lines just to talk to someone .
When you call on the phone , there ’s another long wait before your call is answered .
Improve the chances of your disability application or appeal being approved by utilizing our Veterans benefits and Social Security disability attorneys .
Applying For Disability Benefits Can Be Exhausting & Confusing .
Let Our Father and Son Team Represent You .
At Cuddigan Law , disability is the only legal area our firm handles .
Working with his son Sean Cuddigan , attorney Tim Cuddigan has been strictly devoted to helping thousands of people across Nebraska and Western Iowa with their Social Security needs .
We represent Veterans throughout the United States .
We serve the Social Security Disability needs of the western Iowa cities of Sioux City , Council Bluffs , Atlanta , Creston , and Shenandoah along with their neighboring communities .
We also serve the Social Security needs of Nebraska including the cities of Omaha , Lincoln , Grand Island , Norfolk , Kearney , Nebraska City , Fremont , and the surrounding communities .
We stand by your side from your initial application all the way to federal court — or we can jump in if you tried to go it alone and feel you finally need some legal assistance .
“ How Can a Disability Attorney Help My Case ? ”
If you 've been looking around for the disability lawyer that seems right for you , you may have noticed that some firms do n't feel as personal as others ... and that 's because they are n't .
We will give your case the attention it needs and you the respect you deserve .
Both the Social Security and the Veterans ' Administration conduct their claims process electronically and we are able to help you navigate this process .
Do you really want to entrust one of the most important days of your life to someone you 've never met , who is n't legally licensed to practice law ?
Cuddigan Law does not have a call center .
From the very beginning , you are considered part of our family and will be treated that way .
Applying for disability benefits is n't as easy as filling out a few forms and then receiving your first check .
The system is complex and confusing , and the rules are different for Social Security disability than they are for disability for Veterans .
Because of that , an overwhelming number of initial applications are denied .
The tremendous backlog of VA benefits applications has made national headlines lately , and two out of three first - time Social Security disability claims are denied .
We understand how the entire process works and can determine which disability program you may qualify for , fill out your application , gather supporting medical records , work with your doctor and present the best case possible to the Social Security Administration or the VA .
Membership in National Advocates ' Groups Keep Us on Top of Changing Rules and Regulations
The National Organization of Social Security Claimants ' Representatives ( NOSSCR ) is an association of attorneys and other legal advocates who represent applicants for both Social Security Disability Insurance and Supplemental Security Income .
Tim Cuddigan is a past president of NOSSCR , and has been a member of their Board of Directors since 2004 .
With over 40 years of legal experience and over 20 years of focusing his law firm on the representation of Social Security disabled clients , he 's uniquely positioned to represent you before the Social Security Administration .
In addition to the Cuddigan Law attorneys being sustaining members of National Organization of Social Security Claimants ' Representatives , both Tim and Sean have made presentations at the national conferences to educate other Social Security advocates .
The National Organization of Veterans ’ Advocates is made up of attorneys and other qualified members all united in their dedication to advocating for the disabled Veterans of this nation .
Both Sean and Tim Cuddigan have been accredited attorneys by the Veterans Administration since 2008 .
We represent Veterans throughout the country .
Contact Us Today for a Free , No-Obligation Case Evaluation
If you need help with your disability benefits , we encourage you to give us a call at 402-933-5405 today for a completely free evaluation .
Our firm has offices in Omaha and Lincoln , making it easily accessible to individuals from western Iowa to central Nebraska .
We are available for phone appointments for those who are unable to travel to our offices in Omaha or Lincoln .
Results :
( Top ) This image , when stared at for a while , can reveal four instances of a familiar figure .
Two of the figures are easier to detect than the others .
Locally there is little meaningful information , and we perceive the figures only when observing the whole figures .
( Left ) A classic example of an emergence image .
Although at first sight the left image looks meaningless , suddenly we perceive the central object as the Dalmatian dog pops out .
( Right ) Emergence images , when observed through small windows , look meaningless .
Although we perceive the subject in the whole image , the smaller sized segments , in isolation , look like random patches .
In contrast , the elephant can be recognized through similar windows of the normal shaded scene .
( Left ) We often fail to perceive an emergence image when the subject is in an uncommon pose .
Among the users who were shown the above images , the average success rate was only 54 % and 4 % , respectively .
When the inverted versions of these images were shown , the success rates went up to 96 % and 91 % , respectively .
Mouse over the image to flip it .
( Below ) Typical emergence images generated by our synthesis algorithm .
We generate a range of examples on various subjects synthesized at different difficulty levels .
Each example contains exactly one subject .
( Please refer to supplementary material for other examples . )
( Beow )
In many computer vision recognition or segmentation algorithms , the first stages comprise of multi-scale edge detection or other means of bottom - up region processing .
At multiple - scales , we detect edges using standard Canny edge detector , and retain the ones that persists scales .
Such curves are then linked together based on spatial proximity and curvature continuity .
We observe that while on the original renderings the method successfully extracts the feature curves ( right image in each box ) , on the emerging images the results can mostly be seen as noise .
This indicates the difficulty that bottom - up algorithms face when detecting objects in the emergence images .
( Left ) Emerging frog at various difficulty levels , increasing from left to right .
We control the difficultly by controlling the sampling density , breaking the silhouette continuity , perturbing silhouette patches , and adding clutter using cut- perturb - paste .
The Galapagos is one of the few pristine archipelagos in the world where loss of the original biodiversity has been kept to a minimum , says Gunter Reck , an ecologist and longtime resident .
Reck has , however , been joined by Galapagos officials , businessmen and locals in warning that this paradise is on the brink of a crisis .
Overpopulation and a corresponding rise in tourism have worsened energy , water and waste problems .
Many families have four children or more , and 80 to 85 percent of the population makes its living from tourism .
Videographer Pailin Wedel reports from Galapagos :
Pailin Wedel , who normally covers Thailand for GlobalPost , traveled to the Galapagos Islands this summer to report there .
BBC online forums were today flooded with support for the BNP leader , Nick Griffin , in the wake of his controversial appearance on last night 's Question Time .
The Have Your Say pages of Question Time were filled with comments supporting Griffin and attacking the BBC , the other panellists and the anti-fascist demonstrators outside Television Centre yesterday .
However , there were also comments supporting the BBC for its decision to invite Griffin on to the Question Time panel .
Richard from Norwich said : " My wife and I think Nick Griffin is the most courageous man in UK politics .
He was very brave to go on this show to speak in what was always going to be a hostile environment .
We are English , hard working people who can see that this country has an unsustainable population rise and a crippling level of debt .
We also see many imigrant arriving to exploit our generosity yet not respecting our culture .
Nick Griffin speaks sense .
We are being invaded whilst our boys are dying abroad , its wrong . "
Mary Scott from West Yorkshire added : " The whole programme was a farce !
it actually made Nick Griffen [ sic ] look calm and intelligent !
the rest of the panal were just bullies .
I am sick to death of being told what I should think and do .
I am a nurse and I feel like I am walking on egg shells if I even ask a question about mass immigration How DARE the rest of the panel tell the likes of me what I should think !!
I work with drug misuse and the huge numbers of immigrants who arrive here needing treatment is a joke !
whoops I should be quiet . "
Mrs Smith from Hull said : " I dont vote BNP but i must agree with him .
The three main parties must get their act together other wise we could well be going down a very dark road . "
Among posters praising the BBC decision to invite Griffin on to the flagship BBC1 current affairs discussion programme , Fred Webb , from Cambridge , said : " I like many thousands of people in this country do not support the BNP but are interested in what they have to say .
The BBC were right to have Nic Griffin on the show and he was treated , just like other members of the panel in the way they deserve to be , after all if you are going to be a politician for what ever party then you must expect the criticism as well as the accolade .
After watching the show I have not changed my opinion of the BNP . "
There was also some criticism of Griffin .
" Nick Griffin came across like the majority of politicians - a liar .
Unlike most politicians he was also exposed as a holocaust denier , an admirer of Hitler and the Klu Klux Klan , " said jpmonty of Dorchester
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Disclaimer
This website and the information contained here within is provided by Fulton & Barr , PA as a service to clients and friends .
It is not intended to be a solicitation or to render legal advice .
Contained in the website is information about legal issues and legal developments .
Content provided is for informational purposes only and may not reflect the most current legal developments .
The content is not intended , and should not be taken , as legal advice on any particular set of facts or circumstances .
You should contact an attorney for advice on specific legal problems .
Use of this website or the information provided by this website , including contacting one of our attorneys , does not create an attorney - client relationship between you and the firm .
Prior to the acceptance of a new client or matter , the firm must conduct a search for possible conflicts of interest ( already representing another party involved in the matter ) , and obtain a signed engagement letter .
This website should not be used to provide confidential information about a legal matter .
This website may provide links to third - party websites .
Such linked websites are not under the control of Fulton & Barr , PA and the firm assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the contents of such websites .
I wrote months back about how much TC is biased and this time around I am going to speak and speak out loud !
It seems like Michael Arrington of TC has found a brilliant new way of swelling his statistics : Just throw a post against anti-Jewish ( read holocaust deniers ) groups and let people fight over it .
His latest target is Facebook .
And guess what ?
There ’s a pattern in his posts .
Just search ‘ jew ’ on TechCrunch and see his and his writers ( who definitely share his biased views and that ’s probably one of the requirements to get a job at TC ) posts filled with just one theme : Jews .
Yes I know Mike ’s a Jew but that does not mean he make TC a launching pad for his hate against Jew - haters .
My simple and straight forward question to Michael is :
There are more anti-Islam groups on Facebook then holocaust deniers , why do n’t I see one single post on that ?
OK I understand you never will because you ’re a Jew but there are other hate groups too .
Why not actively campaign against them ?
Why are you deluded only with Jewish hate groups ?
Oh yes , you ’re a Jew .
That ’s not your fault but for heaven ’s sake do n’t MISUSE TC network for fights revolving around your personal dislike about certain hate groups .
I thought TC was a Tech industry news blog but I have started to feel it ’s more like your personal blog .
Please cut this crap and find better ways to increase your uniques .
[ photo joi ]
In The 5000 Year Leap , Cleon Skousen writes that most Americans in the early years of our Republic truly regarded the Constitution as a miracle , declaring that the formation and adoption of our new system of federal government represented a political achievement unprecedented in human history .
The Founders believed the Constitution was destined to bless all mankind , and that it was incumbent on their successors to preserve and defend our national charter :
" If we and our posterity ... live always in the fear of God and shall respect His Commandments ... we may have the highest hopes of the future fortunes of our country ....
But if we ... neglect religious instruction and authority ; violate the rules of eternal justice , trifle with the injunctions of morality , and recklessly destroy the constitution which holds us together , no man can tell how sudden a catastrophe may overwhelm us and bury all our glory in profound obscurity . "
( Daniel Webster , Address to the New York Historical Society , 1852 )
Skousen details the 28 great ideas utilized by the Founders in the formulation of our Republic .
While some were derived from the Romans and others from the Anglo - Saxons , the greatest and most important foundations are Biblical .
There are two foundations of supreme importance .
First , the transcendent Triune Creator God is uncreated , eternally existing ; unchanging Reality
Who spoke creation into existence ex nihilo .
All that He created is His created reality :
" … the foundation of all reality is the existence of the Creator , who is the designer of all things in nature and the promulgator of all the laws which govern nature .
" ( A Miracle that Changed the World : The 5000 Year Leap , Principles of Freedom , p. 101 )
Second , the unique Biblical view of mankind is absolutely vital , for it 's precisely from this – the most radical view of man ever known in human history – that our personhood , liberties and rights derive .
Life is only with the living God of Revelation , the God Who spoke , the Way , Truth , and Life ; Creator and upholder of the life and personhood ( soul / spirit ) of men .
But if
He does not exist , it logically follows that there is no ultimate source for life , conscious being , transcendent truth , moral law , meaning and purpose ; or for the sanctity of human life , worth , dignity , individual liberty and personal property .
Without God the Father Almighty unalienable ( God given ) human rights are as meaningless as America 's founding documents have become in our Godless , God-hating , paganized society .
Revolution From Hell
The Triune God of Revelation , " .... Is the leftists ' chief rival . "
( Peter Hitchens , " The Rage against God ” )
From the close of the Medieval Age on through to our own time , revolutionary Globalists , the W. European and American ruling classes , and corrupt priests have been waging war against the God of Revelation and His faithful church :
" The idea of God is the keynote of a perverted civilization .
It must be destroyed . "
( Karl Marx , Marx and Satan , Richard Wurmbrand , p. 59 ) .
" In its essence , the Revolution is a single great historical fact : the invasion of the human mind by the doctrine of the absolute sovereignty of man , thus making him the source and centre of all truth , by substituting human reason and human will for divine revelation and divine law .
The Revolution is the history of the irreligious philosophy of the past century ; it is , in its origin and outworking , the doctrine that – given free reign – destroys church and state , society and family , produces disorder without ever establishing liberty or restoring moral order , and , in religion , inevitably leads its conscientious followers into atheism and despair … ” ( Guillaume Groen Van Prinsterer , Christian Political Action in an Age of Revolution )
Revolution -- a strange fire from the pits of hell -- burns in the hearts of revolutionary god-men and their corrupt theological allies at work throughout the fallen , darkened church .
Under their guiding hands , the world as the creation ex nihilo of the sovereign Triune God of Revelation first gave way to the world as an evolving aspect of sovereign man 's experience .
More recently it has given way to an Eastern - oriented mystical pantheist illusion created by the will of the ‘ word ’ of the god -man who at the same time no longer regards himself as the image bearer of God but as a fragmented being ,
" …. ruled by ancient urges and lusts which control him and reduce his reason to a façade for rampant irrationalism .
Not surprisingly , T.S. Eliot saw modern man in a waste land of his own making . "
( The Word of Flux , Rousas John Rushdoony , p. 54 )
The main reason for this unrelenting attack upon the Creator God Who spoke ( John 1 ) is mankind 's sinful fallen condition .
Revolutionaries desire both suppression of the knowledge of their own sin as well as desire to be their own gods ( Gen. 3:5 ) in order " to replace God 's Word with man 's word . " ( p. 51 )
In order to be his own god and replace God ’s Word with his own word , revolutionary god-man has established his own evolutionary origin account ( anti-creation account ) , deterministic religion of nature , philosophy , ideology , politics , and ( broken ) law to control the whole of artificial reality by his fiat word exercised through the instrument of science .
By inventing an artificial reality under his control he excludes the sovereignty of God and the authority ,
" … of His Word , because man cannot allow such a God to exist in his world and to speak with authority to man . " ( p. 53 )
Though corrupt priests may concede a god is possible within their own version of artificial reality , it is only as an evolved deity , a First Cause of the Big Bang and life .
In this way they maintain the illusion of revolutionary god -man ’s sovereignty .
But in fundamentally changing Genesis — the Book of Beginnings --- they change every Book , even the Book of Revelation :
“ I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book : if anyone adds to them , God will add to him the plagues described in this book , And if anyone takes away from the words of this book of prophecy , God will take away his share in the tree of life and the holy city , which are described in this book . ”
Revelation 22 : 18-19
Philosophically , the god -man ’s artificial reality and its evolutionary origin account is a species of nihilism ( meaninglessness ) and sub humanism .
Sub humanism , because if life emerged out of matter and man has supposedly evolved from lesser to greater biological organisms , then man is a subhuman being , a soulless genetic mixture of seaweeds , bugs , fish , dogs , and apes .
He is less than nothing .
Nihilism , because the same evolutionary change process is in continuous play in the areas of truth , morals , the one human race , the two created sexes , biblical infallibility , and law .
Therefore , all that can be known at present – and forever – is that there is no absolute or fixed certainty in any of those areas allowing man to re-invent himself within an ever - evolving menu of fluid genders and multiple evolved races .
Acts 17 : 18-19
“ Some of the Epicurean and Stoic philosophers also conversed with him .
And some said , “ What does this babbler wish to say ? ”
Others said , “ He seems to be a preacher of foreign divinities ” — because he was preaching Jesus and the resurrection . ”
Acts 17:18
The god -man ’s deterministic nature religion elevates matter and evolutionary energy to ' creator ’ and is a mixture of revamped and revised Epicurean , Stoic , Babylonian , Egyptian , and Hindu nature religions , making it idolatrous worship of nature ( Romans 1:25 ) .
The Stoics and Epicureans were the two most prominent schools of nature philosophy , nature science and nature religion of that time .
Theirs was a humanist , animist , monist , evolutionary , and occult scientific worldview predicated upon a one - dimensional universe of animated ( evolving ) physical matter or divine psychic energy ( spiritualized matter ) .
They were the physicists of their age . ( 1 )
Stoic and Epicurean sages received their ideas from ancient Babylonians , Egyptians and Hindus , whose one - dimensional , evolutionary nature systems extended back centuries before Greek and Roman civilization to ancient Sumeria and the Babylonian Enuma Elish .
The Enuma Elish is the original evolutionary origin account , the source and model for all ancient and modern evolutionary origin accounts , Mysteries , nature religions , and evolutionary philosophy .
Though it was found in Nineveh , the capital of the Assyrians , evidence indicates that it dates back to the Sumerians .
It begins with an evolutionary account of beginnings .
Thorkild Jacobsen comments :
" Enuma Elish assumes that all things have evolved out of watery chaos ... Then , in the midst of this watery chaos , two gods come into existence ... "
( The Long War Against God , Dr. Henry Morris , pp. 243-244 )
The Greatest Commandment
“ Teacher , which is the greatest commandment in the Law ? ” Jesus replied : “ ‘ Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind . ’
This is the first and greatest commandment .
And the second is like it : ‘ Love your neighbor as yourself . ’
All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments . ”
Matthew 22 : 36-40
If love of truth and love for neighbor ( other human souls ) animated the cold , shriveled hearts of powerful , influential revolutionary god-men and corrupt priests , they would repent of their infernal project for it has brought disaster upon great numbers of human souls who have run after them .
But as love for brother has no place in their hard - hearts they choose instead to work around the clock to ensure that since they have chosen hell then all people must end up there , thus their relentless intellectual assault .
Peter Hitchens comments ,
" The current intellectual assault on God in Europe and North America is in fact a specific attack on Christianity – the faith that stubbornly persists in the morality , laws , and government of the major Western countries . "
( The Rage Against God , p. 134 )
From the end of the Medieval Age up to our own age , lies of omission and commission , deceptions , propaganda , and other false narratives continuously spun by web - weaving revolutionary god-men and corrupt priests doing the work of Satan is now a vast , intricately interconnected web of deceit -- the artificial reality -- in which Westerners and people around the world are entangled and lost .
This vast web is the oppressive demonic darkness overshadowing the West and America .
And it is in this context that the fire - breathing hatred and blood - seeking vengeance furiously pouring out upon President Trump , VP Pence , AG Barr , and the men and women of good will who serve and protect the President , together with all of the President ’s supporters , especially faithful Christians , can be understood .
Regeneration and Reformation Against The Spirit of Revolution
“ As surely as the priesthood was taken away from Eli ’s house and its corrupt ministry was set aside and destroyed , so will the corrupt , idolatrous and faithless ministers of today ’s churches be set aside , and those denominations and movements who treat the sacred as profane and blaspheme the name of a Holy God by their abominations and rejection of God ’s Word , be overthrown .
When corruption is manifest in the sanctuary , look out , for judgment begins at the house of God ( 1 Pt. 4:17 ) ….
The challenge in our time remains the same … Regeneration and reformation , over against the spirit of revolution against God and his Word .
This battle can only be won when Christ ’s faithful prophets and priests hear the Word of God and declare the whole counsel of God to the culture without fear or compromise .
A corrupt priesthood that strengthens the hands of evildoers will find itself , as the prophet Jeremiah declared , in slippery paths of gloom , “ for what is straw compared to grain ? ” Jer. 23:28 ” ( Cultural Prophets vs. Corrupt Priests , Joe Boot , Ezra Institute , Feb 1 , 2019 )
Throughout the West and America , said Joe Boot , we need modern faithful Samuels -- cultural prophets and priests ready to serve and possessed of the uncompromising courage to speak the truth , no matter how unpopular , hated , and bitter tasting .
When these new prophets and priests obediently say , “ Speak Lord , your servant is listening ” their words will not return to them void ( 1 Sam. 3:19 - 21 ) for God ’s
Word never falls to the ground when working through obedient , faithful lovers of His truth and light .
Thus they will be able to throw down the demonic artificial reality constructed on a vast network of lies and make straight all crooked ways .
Western civilization ’s decayed and dying , paganized societies desperately need new Samuels if there is to be regeneration and reformation .
2020@Linda Kimball
Linda writes on worldview and similar subjects .
1. Acts 17:18 - 19 — The Modern Pagan and Pantheist Antithesis of the Word of God , L. Kimball
The US Economy Heading Towards Chaos ?
By Robert Singer
13 October , 2009
Countercurrents.org
The U.S. Department of Labor Official Employment rate in September 2009 is now 90 % ( Unofficial rate is 75 % ) .
And for those Americans who are still employed , they will find it harder to get that sweet deal on a new car because auto dealers wo n’t be competing with each other now that Brian Deese , special assistant to president Obama for economic policy made the decision ( not the Chrysler bankruptcy judge ) , to close dealerships without regard to profitability .
Deese , age 31 , in his first government position , shuffles back and forth from the West Wing to the Treasury Department dismantling the US Auto Industry and rewriting the rules of American “ capitalism ” . [ 1 ]
Deese ’s first rule : Withdraw Credit and Liquidity .
Result – Catch 22 :
The pullback in spending causes companies to cut back on inventory and staff - Creating unemployment .
Which causes spending to fall and companies to cut back on inventory and staff - Creating more unemployment .
Causing spending to fall even further , forcing companies to cut back on inventory and staff - Creating even more unemployment … 263,000 jobs eliminated in September .
Full Un - Employment is on Track for 2012
The world is engulfed in a global economic crisis of staggering ferocity .
Making matters worse , a government " by and for " the American people may not be prepared for the social dislocation , economic despair and breakdown in law and order that is likely to ensue .
The Los Angeles Times Reports on the Current Un- Employment Situation :
In addition to the 15.1 million people counted as officially unemployed , the number of people so discouraged that they have quit looking for jobs is 9.2 million .
Is the total number of unemployed now 24,300,000 ?
No .
The newly defined “ de - facto ” unemployment rate does not include all the categories of people who are no longer in the labor force , in other words , the under - employed , the marginally employed , and the part time job seekers who can no longer find work .
Data from The McKinsey Global Institute estimates the real de facto unemployment rate in the United States would be 24.78 % .
Thus , there are almost 39 million , not 15.1 million , or even 24.3 million Americans who are no longer working or looking for work , and that figure is before the Federal Reserve kicks Brian Deese into high gear . [ 2 ]
Since there is not enough police , National Guard or military to keep order when 39 million people panic , Barack Obama will restore order by telling his followers standing in lines that this nation , unlike in the past , will put its hands on " the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day . "
As a president elected in a landslide by young and old , rich and poor , Democrat and Republican , black , white , Hispanic , Asian , Native American , gay , straight , disabled and not disabled , Obama will lead the nation out of its unsustainable American Dream and into a great new depression .
Even with evidence to the contrary , Americans believe government is suppose to take care of them because " it 's their job . "
In an environment of homelessness , poverty and suffering , millions of unemployed Americans will forget their 60 years of unprecedented prosperity -- at the expense of the Third World and the environment -- and look for someone to blame .
But they wo n't find a Bush , Clinton or even a Ronald Reagan in Washington .
Instead , sitting in the Oval Office will be King Barack Obama , telling us to return to our homes , cars or tent cities .
The newest leader will , in fact , be followed because this time Americans believe their dreams came true in 2008 when Barack Obama was elected the 44th President of the United States .
We hope and pray Obama wants to put us back to work and reclaim the American Dream but the new rules of capitalism call for an American Nightmare .
Barack Obama , an unknown senator four years ago , is not one of " us . "
He travels in the same circles as other members of the super - secret Skull & Bones society of Yale University who pretend to be running for president every four years .
The decision to make Obama Commander in Chief of the collapse was made four years ago ; the November election was a formality [ 3 ] .
To believe otherwise is to ignore the Bradley / Palin effect , the voting machines that flipped ballots before the voter left the booth , and the decision by John McCain to wait until his concession speech to shed the image of a nasty " grumpy old man . "
In September 2008 , when the Obama campaign seemed to be slumping and their candidate 's long - standing lead in the polls had evaporated , the senator 's supporters openly worried that a potential victory might be slipping away .
Then providence joined the campaign : the failure of the giant investment bank Lehman Brothers followed by a global financial meltdown which began in the month of October . [ 4 ]
" If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible , who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time , who still questions the power of our democracy , " on Nov. 4 , 2008 you received your answer :
It did not matter who you voted for because it was already written : Barack Obama would be the President of the United States by a landslide .
Instead of being the “ most dangerous man in America ” , the Candidate for Change and Hope will be the “ most remarkable leader the world has ever seen ” -- intellectual , oratorical , governmental and a genius who will guide us through the greatest calamity the world has ever seen .
Thanks to Barack Obama , a 21st century Martin Luther King , there will be chaos , but not anarchy .
The really inconvenient truth is this :
The 600 detention centers built by the Halliburton subsidiary KBR do not have the capacity to hold the 39 million Americans who will be out of work , out of home and out of food .
Will they be out of hope ?
Robert Singer is an Entrepreneur and the author of a forthcoming book on the Federal Reserve .
His articles cover politics and the financial and environmental implications of our consumer society .
The articles have been main headlined and can be found on numerous popular websites : Marketoracle , Silverseek , Silver Bear Café , Goldseek , Daylife , LAprogressive , Canadafreepress , Opednews , Daily.pk and many of the Wordpress sites .
Richard Daughty , The Mogambo Guru , proclaimed him a Junior Mogambo Ranger ( JMR ) .
Dem Bones is Connected To De Debt Bone by Robert Singer , an analysis of the Federal Reserve , can be found on numerous popular websites including G. Edward Griffin 's Unfiltered News .
Edward Griffin is the author of the definitive work on the Federal Reserve , The Creature from Jekyll Island .
Meat , Milk and Motors : The New China Syndrome by Robert Singer , an essay about China first released in February 2009 has been widely posted and read on the Internet .
Quotes from the article can be found in The Wall Street Journal Digital Network and was the Top World Story on the Pakistan Daily website for over a week .
Footnotes :
[ 1 ] The 31 - Year - Old in Charge of Dismantling G.M. by David E. Sanger , The New York Times : May 31 , 2009
[ 2 ]
We do n't want your tired , poor , huddled masses yearning to trash the planet :
The Federal Reserve , 2009 by Robert Singer
[ 3 ]
Why Joseph Biden will be the Next Vice President of the United States by Robert Singer
[ 4 ] October Crashes , Black Monday 10/28/1929 , Black Monday 10/18/1987 , Soviet Union Black Friday
10/18/1991 and Black Tuesday
10/29/2008
A MEMORANDUM TO THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , UNITED STATES SENATE , UPON ITS HEARINGS WHETHER TO CONSENT TO THE APPOINTMENT OF THE HON .
SONIA SOTOMAYOR TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Sonia Sotomayor 's Collaboration in a Judicial Deceit and Cover - Up While a Federal District Judge and a Member of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals Raises Troubling Questions
WHEN THE FEDERAL JUDICIARY'S CULTURE OF COLLEGIALITY BECAME A CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE
" The American legal system is an adversarial system of justice .
What that generally is understood to mean is that parties are entitled to put their case before a judge and a jury in the way they want , have their evidence challenged and tested by their adversaries in the way their adversaries want , and the trier of fact or law then decides the issues as presented by the parties . "
Sonia M. Sotomayor , " No Lawyer , Bad Lawyer – What 's a Judge to Do ? , " Jon Newman Annual Lecture on Law and Justice , University of Hartford , October 20 , 2008 .
pg 4 .
" Under Rules 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) and 12 ( c ) , where a motion for judgment on the pleadings or to dismiss for failure to state a claim requires the court to consider matters outside of the pleadings , the motion must be treated as a summary judgment motion , and " all parties shall be given reasonable opportunity to present all material made pertinent to such a motion by Rule 56 . "
Fed. R. Civ. P. 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) , ( c ) .
We have observed that . . . " [ a ] district court may not convert a motion under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) into a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment without sufficient notice to an opposing party and an opportunity for that party to respond , " Groden v. Random House , 61 F.3d 1045 , 1052 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) . "
Scaglione v. Mamaroneck Union Free School Dist. , 144 Fed. Appx . 120 , No. 04-1054 -cv , 2005 WL 6818 ( 2d Cir. March 25 , 2005 )
* * *
Citations for the Cases Under Discussion
Scaglione v. Mamaroneck Union Free School Dist. , 144 Fed. Appx . 120 , No. 04-1054 -cv , 2005 WL 6818 ( 2d Cir. March 25 , 2005 )
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 45555 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 11794 , 32 U.S.P.Q.2d 1266 , 1994 - 2 Trade Cas. P70,702 , 22 Media L. Rep. 2257 ( S.D.N.Y. Aug. 23 , 1994 ) ( No. 94 - Civ. 1974 ) ; Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 519871 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 13416 ( S.D.N.Y. , September 23 , 1994 ) ( No. 94 Civ. 1074 ( JSM ) ) ; Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 681770 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 17296 ( S.D.N.Y. , December 5 , 1994 ) ( No. 94 Civ. 1074 ( JSM ) ) ; aff'd 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) .
* * *
Introduction and Summary
Probably the worst fear that any average citizen has in dealing with a local , state or federal government official is the fear of running up against a brick wall : not having a chance to tell his side of the story .
When people are not allowed to present evidence on their own behalf , their basic citizenship is being denied .
The authorities are saying , " Go away .
We do n't want to interact with you . "
Besides the opportunity to state our case – to present evidence – we also trust that the people who make decisions over our lives will be neutral ; that , if they are not entirely free of bias , which is very difficult , they will at least be able to suppress their bias in an effort to be fair and objective .
We also expect people in authority to be free of ties to the parties in dispute .
Finally , we expect that , whatever the outcome of our problem , the rules – both the procedural rules and the rules that assign legal responsibility – will be applied consistently with the experience of others in the community .
We justifiably expect these norms .
When they are violated , what is important is the opportunity to appeal to other decision makers to correct any inaccuracy or unfairness .
All of this assumes the integrity and the honest motives of those who exercise decision - making authority in our society .
In the civil lawsuit that Robert J. Groden brought on February 17 , 1994 , against Random House , Inc. , The New York Times , and Gerald Posner , each of these legitimate expectations was seriously compromised by multiple lies that were told by judges who were sworn to uphold the law and seek the truth .
Lawyers are indoctrinated in the belief ( " delusion " might be a more apt term ) that judges are incapable of lying ; they merely commit " error " or " abuse of discretion . "
However , when judges falsify the procedural facts of their written opinions to conceal what actually occurred in pre-judgment proceedings – i.e. , when they lie to the press , the public , the bar , and other courts about the facts of a case – the descriptive application of such lawyerly , dignified , felicitous , and neutralizing verbal formulae as " injudicious , " " unsound , " " abuse of discretion , " or " error of law " deforms language itself and camouflages something infinitely and egregiously more threatening , coercive , and destructive of the judicial process .
Such linguistic anaesthetization deeply and subtly oppresses an attorney who seeks to represent his client and at the same time maintain proper decorum toward – and his future relationship with – the courts .
It overlays the respective roles of supposedly neutral judges and the lawyer - advocate with a connivance , or a tacit collaborative agreement , to pretend that intentional falsehood and deception are something altogether different .
It places him in conflict between his untrammeled loyalty to his client and his role as an officer of the courts .
This Memorandum deals with what until now had been the hidden history of a legal matter that ranged between 1994 and 2000 , and in which Sonia Sotomayor played a role , both as a United States District Court Judge and as a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
I say " hidden history " because the matter played out just as the World Wide Web was in its infancy , and mostly in unpublished court decisions and administrative proceedings still not readily accessible to the general public or to journalists .
While sitting as a federal district court judge , Sonia Sotomayor was also a member of an executive committee of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York : the Committee on Grievances .
In that capacity , she became intimately familiar with the facts of Robert J. Groden 's lawsuit against Random House , Inc. , The New York Times , and Gerald Posner , in which I represented Bob Groden as his attorney , and she played a role in my disbarment following the Groden litigation upon the complaint of the district court judge who presided , John S. Martin , Jr. Later , as an appellate judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , Sotomayor cited the appellate Opinion written in the Groden case by her mentor , Judge Jon O. Newman , almost as if her citation was an inside joke among her colleagues , knowing that Newman had falsely portrayed the facts of that case , nevertheless promoting it ( and not so coincidentally , protecting her mentor 's reputation ) in a deeply dishonest manner .
When Sotomayor wrote for the Second Circuit in the Scaglione case quoted above , she knew full well that Groden had been purposely , willfully , and deliberately denied that " reasonable opportunity to present all material made pertinent " to defeat his opponents ' motion to dismiss his case .
The Second Circuit has repeatedly promoted its Opinion in Groden as valid precedent for this " reasonable opportunity " principle without ever admitting to the underlying procedural facts of the Groden court record , which reveal that he was deprived of the very opportunity to which they say he was entitled .
Sotomayor superficially appears to be a rather sympathetic figure from an earthy background .
Such people , however , do not always remain loyal to their roots when ushered through the Ivy Leagues and the halls of judicial power .
When Sonia Sotomayor had the chance to " speak truth to power " – indeed , when she herself was the power – when she had the chance to expose the denial of a litigant 's due process right to be heard , Sotomayor did not merely remain silent ; she protected her judicial colleagues and directly participated in sinking injustice into an embarrassed silence .
At a crucial moment in the history of the controversy over President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , she helped to denigrate a true patriot in American history and destroy his life ; helped to destroy his attorney 's career and his life ; and failed to meet the test of honesty , independence , and integrity .
As accomplished a legal technocrat as she may be , the spirit of the law and justice does not reside in this woman , Sonia Sotomayor , and it is doubtful she may be trusted to perform the role of a principled legal decision - maker in the nation 's court of last resort .
Public confidence in that Court 's role and function in government requires that the Senate refuse to give this nomination its consent .
True copies of five documents indispensable to an understanding of this matter are attached to this Memorandum as exhibits .
The Groden v. Random House , Inc. Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
Nature of the Groden v. Random House , Inc. Lawsuit
During two weeks in August 1993 , Random House published an advertising campaign for the sale of its book , Case Closed , in The New York Times .
It consisted of four separate advertisements .
After twice promising readers to name " the guilty " in the assassination of President Kennedy , the last two ads named and depicted Robert J. Groden as one of six persons boldly accused of being " GUILTY OF MISLEADING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC " regarding the assassination .
Each in the series of four advertisements ran in two separate editions of The Times that were disseminated nationwide .
The last two advertisements attributed a quote to Groden – purported theory of responsibility for the assassination of the President .
The source and origin of the quote were not otherwise specified .
Beneath the photos appeared the legend in bold : " ONE MAN .
ONE GUN .
ONE INESCAPABLE CONCLUSION . "
Readers were solicited to purchase Case Closed by Gerald Posner .
Mr. Groden in the Fall of 1993 had a competing book of his own entering the marketplace , The Killing of a President .
This had been publicized in the trade press , also some mass media , during the spring and summer of 1993 .
Besides this new book , Groden also produced and simultaneously released a video product for the home market , JFK : The Case for Conspiracy .
Mr. Groden retained me in September 1993 .
On February 17 , 1994 , once his pecuniary damages appeared ascertainable , I filed a Complaint with a jury demand on his behalf in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Random House , Inc. , The New York Times , and Gerald Posner .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. et al. was a trade regulation case in which Mr. Groden claimed violation of the New York Civil Rights Law ßß 50 - 51 ( commercial misappropriation of name and likeness ) , and the federal Lanham Act ß 43 ( a ) [ 15 U.S.C. ß 1125 ( a ) ] ( false advertising ) .
The Groden case did not begin as a politically - oriented case pursued for political purposes , but as a commercial case grounded in traditional commercial theories to recover commercial damages .
Originally , the only issues we raised were the misappropriation of Mr. Groden 's name and photograph in the defendants ' print advertising , and the misattribution to him of a quotation that he never wrote or uttered – a quotation expressing a political conspiracy theory that Mr. Groden never espoused and does not hold .
1
In fact , both Mr. Groden and I disclaimed at the earliest opportunity any desire to make his case a platform for testing the Warren Report 's and Posner 's version of the Kennedy assassination .
For example , my Memorandum of Law in Opposition to the defendants ' motion to dismiss the Complaint began :
" The assassination of President Kennedy , which is rapidly passing from the sphere of current affairs into history , has been the subject of impassioned debate since it happened more than thirty years ago .
This case is about neither the assassination nor the relative merits of that debate .
Rather , it concerns the civilized norms of and proscriptions against certain forms of behavior in the commercial marketplace .
That the assassination and collective memory of that event deeply touch the facts of this case , invites the constant danger that a fact pattern which , if it concerned any other subject , would be mundane , may obscure and overwhelm the very clear applicability of settled principles with unseen and unfortunate consequences . "
Plaintiff 's Memorandum of Law in Opposition to Defendants ' Motion to Dismiss , dated May 20 , 1994 ( Document No. 12 , Docket No. 94 CIV 01074 ( JSM ) )
To us , the fact that the subject of the assassination was involved was initially no more than coincidental to the fact pattern .
In other words , this was a case of commercial exploitation of Groden 's personality and renown by a market competitor in an advertising campaign to sell a book that dealt only in passing with Groden himself .
Other than to allege the falsity of the advertisement in general terms , Groden 's original Complaint did not specifically assume any burden of proving the falsity of the " One Man . One Gun. One Inescapable Conclusion " assertion in the ad as part of his Lanham Act claim .
Furthermore , we did not claim that Case Closed was false , or that it falsely attacked Groden .
Our position was that Posner had the right to his views , the problem involved here being one of unfair competition .
Almost from the outset of the district court litigation , the defendants admitted that the sole purpose of their advertising campaign was to promote the sale of Case Closed .
Their obvious intent was to promote the salability of the Random House book by attacking and discrediting a direct competitor ( i.e. , negative comparative advertising ) in the marketplace for books on the subject of John F. Kennedy 's assassination .
The thrust of the case , therefore , was to secure for Mr. Groden ( and other critics of the government 's response to the assassination ) the same limited protections for commercial marketing that are guaranteed to any other seller of a product or service , including communicative , without fear of having their personalities and good will with the the public exploited , and their books bulldozed , by wealthier and more powerful interests who , notwithstanding their own exercise of civil liberties , unmistakably seek also a commercial gain .
Procedural Chronology of the Groden Case
April 1 , 1994 , the defense firm notified me that they desired to make a Motion to Dismiss the Complaint under Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , and enclosed a copy of their proposed Notice of Motion without supporting papers .
A pre-motion conference with the presiding judge was set under his Individual Rules .
2
At the outset of that initial conference in chambers , the presiding judge expressed some concern whether we were " going to litigate the Kennedy assassination . "
We did not regard litigating that subject as strictly required to secure Groden 's recovery under either of his pleaded causes of action .
I asked , but was specifically directed by the presiding judge not to take any discovery of the defendants while their motion was pending .
Defendants served their motion papers May 4 , 1994 .
The final version was styled as a motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) , or " in the alternative , granting summary judgment . "
The attorneys for the parties exchanged papers on the motion , and oral argument was scheduled for June 24 , 1994 .
Up to that point , the simple essence of the defendants ' arguments was that the first amendment should protect advertising for a book if it accurately reflected the book 's contents .
3
They did not claim anywhere in their briefing that the advertising campaign made a true statement about the Kennedy assassination .
They did not argue anywhere that it was a statement of opinion about the Kennedy assassination .
They did not so much as even suggest that one side of the assassination controversy was right or the other wrong .
So long as they did not claim at any point in their papers that their book was true , or that what the book said about Groden was true , I was unconcerned .
We were there about an ad campaign , not a book .
Raising a New Argument and Interjecting the Milkovich Doctrine
On June 24 , 1994 , during oral argument of the defendants ' motion to dismiss , their counsel , Victor A. Kovner , made a remarkable and bold new contention not contained in his briefs .
The Kennedy assassination is such a controversial and seemingly irresolvable topic , he argued , that since no one has ascertained with any certainty what happened during the assassination , the ad must be taken as merely opinion .
( They were apparently reluctant to expound this argument in plain written English on the public record while they were promoting Case Closed 's strident , anti-conspiracy defense of the lone assassin thesis . )
To my mixed pleasure and concern , I heard the judge say to Mr. Kovner , " You 're going to have more of a problem under the Lanham Act . "
4
In a follow - up letter to the presiding judge dated July 5 , Kovner advanced the completely new and novel suggestion that the standard laid down by the Supreme Court in Milkovich v. Lorain Journal Co. , 497 U.S. 1 ( 1990 ) for distinguishing actionable statements of fact from protected opinion in common law libel cases should govern the same distinction in Lanham Act cases .
Milkovich had never before been applied to a false advertising case .
5 ( See Attachment No. 1 . )
In his letter to Judge Martin dated July 5 , 1994 , Kovner described how this came up :
" At that argument , Your Honor addressed the issue of whether the advertisement 's headline " GUILTY OF MISLEADING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC " could be found to constitute a " false or misleading " statement actionable under ß 43 ( a ) ( 2 ) of the Lanham Act .
Specifically , Your Honor questioned whether this statement misrepresented plaintiff 's " product " – whatever that may be – as opposed to misrepresenting defendants ' product , the book Case Closed .
Since this issue was not the focus of plaintiff 's complaint or papers and thus was not discussed in detail in defendants ' moving or reply papers , the Court may find helpful supplemental briefs by the parties . . . on this limited issue . "
Letter to The Honorable John S. Martin , Jr. from Victor A. Kovner , July 5 , 1994 .
Joint Appendix at 206 .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) .
This much we can derive from what Kovner wrote :
At the oral argument , Judge Martin guided him in substance : " You 've covered the point about the ad representing the theme of the book , but what about the ad's attack against Groden ? "
This was a glaring " blind spot " in Kovner 's entire submission .
Judge Martin's question went to this principle of advertising construction in trade regulation jurisprudence : " Statements susceptible of both a misleading and a truthful interpretation will be construed against the advertiser . "
6
In other words , even if it were true that the ad accurately described the book , it might still be a false negative comparative advertisement as respects Groden .
Here is the way Mr. Kovner summarized and finessed the new argument in his July 5 letter to Judge Martin :
" Defendants ' supplemental brief would demonstrate that under both standard First Amendment analysis and false advertising cases applying ß 43 ( a ) , a verifiable false fact must be present for an action to proceed .
See , Milkovich v. Lorain Journal Co. , 497 U.S. 1 , 110 S. Ct. 2695 ( 1990 ) ; . . . .
Thus , finding a statement of fact in the observation that Groden 's conspiracy theory , as quoted in the advertisement , was " misleading " would require this Court to determine the truth or falsity of the conclusion of the Warren Commission . "
Letter to The Honorable John S. Martin , Jr. from Victor A. Kovner dated July 5 , 1994 .
Joint Appendix at 206 .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) .
This issue raised by Kovner was not only outside the scope of Mr. Groden 's original Complaint , but was of a very different order of magnitude than the issues that either side had argued in their previous written submissions on defendants ' motion to dismiss .
Kovner was now challenging us , in effect , with the assertion that proving the Warren Commission 's Report false was a logical requirement for Groden to prove his case , but that he could not do so because no one else had yet been able to prove it false .
That assertion arguably rose to the level of injecting an issue of fact into the dispute at bar .
The questions were now on the floor whether the court should / would apply the Milkovich standard to Groden 's lawsuit , and whether the advertisement stated or implied provable facts about Groden 's work that were capable of being objectively characterized as either true or false .
7
The Concept of Summary Judgment
The key to understanding the significance of Kovner 's letter to the judge , and of what happened next in the Groden case , lies in the legal concept of " summary judgment . "
Summary judgment is a method for expediting the resolution of a lawsuit without the expense and length of a trial when there are no material issues of fact outstanding between the parties .
When such issues exist , they must be resolved by a trial .
( When Robert Groden filed a Complaint in his lawsuit , he demanded a trial by jury .
Sometimes , people ask for a trial by a judge alone . )
The party seeking summary judgment bears the burden of demonstrating that there are no material issues of fact that would affect the outcome of the case , and that applying rules of law would require a judgment in his favor .
The party opposing summary judgment must demonstrate either that there are factual issues for trial , or that , if there is agreement upon the facts , the law favors him instead .
Because summary judgment has the potential of depriving a litigant of his day in court , a number of procedural rules and formal requirements have grown around it .
However , exactly how much it takes to persuade a court that there either are or are not sufficient factual issues to warrant a trial was left in some doubt by a series of Supreme Court decisions in 1986 , known as the Celotex , Anderson , and Matsushita " trilogy " .
If , prior to Judge Martin 's dismissal of the case , there was any argument made by the defendants that hair - triggered summary judgment , this was it , because it challenged us to come forward with proofs .
But the parties had already submitted their papers and their memoranda , and the motion had been orally argued .
Meeting the Defendants ' New Issue
I replied to Mr. Kovner 's letter with a letter of my own , addressed to Judge Martin and dated July 8 , 1994 .
( See Attachment No. 2 . )
First , I noted that the defendants ' motion had been fully argued and submitted , and I objected to expanding the scope of the motion , While expressing plaintiff 's willingness to litigate further " if it will assist the Court in rendering a decision . "
Turning to the new issue proposed by the defendants , I wrote :
" The twin statements " Guilty of Misleading , etc. " and " One Man. One Gun. One Inescapable Conclusion " are false statements .
They state facts that are objectively verifiable , and are made in connection with products and services in interstate commerce , both the plaintiff 's and the defendants ' . "
I concluded the letter with the following :
" In oral argument , counsel raised the suggestion that , since the Kennedy assassination is such a controversial and seemingly irresolvable topic , the ad must be construed as stating an opinion .
The Kennedy assassination happened over thirty years ago .
Over half the population has no personal recollection of that weekend .
The controversy is not a real controversy in the sense that , were the Government to reveal tomorrow that there was a conspiracy to kill the president , our lives or our society would change one iota .
Also , as a private citizen , Mr. Groden is not in any position to affect the ultimate outcome of that controversy .
" On the other hand , President Kennedy was either killed by one man or more than one man .
This is , however , a matter that is capable of resolution .
. . .
" We offer to prove , through what the Government has represented to be the original autopsy X - rays of President Kennedy now reposited in the National Archives , the Zapruder film , and other demonstrative evidence , that there is a reasonable medical and scientific basis for concluding that President Kennedy was assassinated by more than one gunman , so that a jury may decide who is guilty of misleading whom .
Groden cannot try the case of Oswald 's guilt or innocence in a civil action in the Southern District of New York , nevertheless , we can make a showing that there are substantial reasons to believe that Kennedy was shot by more than one gunman .
Moreover , we will show that plaintiff 's belief that there was a conspiracy in the assassination is long - held , sincere , and well - founded in objective evidence .
These showings would unquestionably render the advertisement false . "
Letter to The Honorable John S. Martin from Roger Bruce Feinman , Esq. dated July 8 , 1994 .
Joint Appendix at 209 - 11 .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) .
Judge Martin did not respond to my letter dated July 8 , 1994 .
I called his chambers and asked his law secretary whether the judge would take any further submissions .
I was told by his law secretary that no further submissions would be taken .
After writing my letter to Judge Martin , I amended Mr. Groden 's Complaint as of right , served the defendants , and filed the Amended Complaint with the Clerk of the Court .
The Amended Complaint added a new defendant , and furthermore contained the following additional language at paragraph 83 :
" 83 .
The claim in the advertisement that there was only ' one man , one gun , and one inescapable conclusion ' about the Kennedy assassination was a materially false and misleading representation of fact , either in whole or in part .
There is serious and substantial cause for a reasonable doubt that one man , acting alone , shot and killed President Kennedy , and to otherwise believe that more than ' one man , one - gun ' was involved .
In the alternative , President Kennedy was in fact assassinated by at least two gunmen . "
The Grant of Summary Judgment
Judge Martin issued his Memorandum Opinion and Order granting summary judgment to the defendants and dismissing Mr. Groden 's case with prejudice .
The defendants ' new " Milkovich argument " was central to his Opinion dealing with the Lanham Act branch of the lawsuit :
" The issue is therefore whether or not the statement in the Advertisement , " GUILTY OF MISLEADING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC , " could be reasonably interpreted as stating or implying provable facts about plaintiff 's work .
Cf. Milkovich v. Lorain Journal Co. , 497 U.S. 1 , 110 S. Ct. 2695 ( 1990 ) ( in context of state defamation laws , distinguishing between statements , of opinion which imply false assertions of fact and statements of opinion – which merely articulate subjective assertions ) . "
" The proliferation of theories about the Kennedy assassination is proof that there is no universally accepted factual answer to the question , " Who killed President Kennedy ? "
The statements " GUILTY OF MISLEADING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC " and " ONE MAN .
ONE GUN .
ONE INESCAPABLE CONCLUSION " could not reasonably be interpreted as stating anything other than a subjective belief .
Therefore , the challenged statements are inherently different than the type of factual representations covered by the Lanham Act . "
" The Court rejects plaintiff 's assertion that each statement in the Advertisement is capable of objective verification .
While this may be true hypothetically , the known evidence concerning the Kennedy assassination and the extensive debate over the Warren Commission 's findings demonstrate that the actual facts will never be verifiable to everybody 's satisfaction . "
Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure stated in pertinent part :
" [ I ] f the motion shall be treated as one for summary judgment . . . all parties shall be given reasonable opportunity to present all material made pertinent to such a motion by Rule 56 . "
In his decision , Martin included the following statements :
" Plaintiff has failed to establish any factual dispute on the threshold element of a false advertising claim : falsity . "
And ,
" Plaintiff has failed to establish any genuine issue for trial on his false advertising claim . "
In truth , Martin had refused to permit us the opportunity to meet the defendants ' argument with evidence , the nature and substance of which we had apprised him we were prepared to submit .
Martin made no direct reference to , neither did he evaluate , my offer to submit those proofs that we were prepared to submit in opposition to summary judgment had we been given the opportunity .
Quite the opposite , it would be fair and natural to infer from Martin 's decision that he had given Mr. Groden the opportunity to submit evidence on the Milkovich question , but that Mr. Groden was unable to meet his burden of proof , and that " the known evidence " does not admit to ascertaining the truth .
This clear implication was nonetheless false .
The Judgment , dated August 25 , 1994 , read :
" [ T ]he Court on its own initiative having treated the motion as a motion for summary judgment ... the complaint is hereby dismissed for the reasons stated in the Court 's Memorandum Opinion and Order , dated August 23 , 1994 . " ( emphasis supplied ) .
Doc. No. 15 , Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 45555 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 11794 , 32 U.S.P.Q.2d 1266 , 1994 - 2 Trade Cas. P70,702 , 22 Media L. Rep. 2257 ( S.D.N.Y. Aug. 23 , 1994 ) ( No. 94 -Civ. 01074 ) .
( See Attachment No. 3 . )
When he issued his Opinion on August 23 , with its false account of the procedures leading to his award of summary judgment , Judge Martin made sure that it went to the district court 's press office , and it was immediately publicized over the wire services and other media ( I first learned about it through a phone call from an Associated Press reporter ) .
There could not have been a better way to intimidate the lawyer who had taken this case into abandoning it as hopeless as soon as he read the decision , instead of vigorously pursuing corrective remedies , nor to confront a lawyer with the implicit threat that challenging this instantly and highly publicized decision would entail challenging the honesty and veracity of the judge , with all of the dire consequences such a challenge might portend .
Martin was not going to alter that decision , let alone admit that he had refused our offer to submit evidence .
It bears repetition and bold emphasis that Martin had raised a substantive issue in Mr. Groden 's case that we did not originally raise ; prodded the defendants to advance a brand new argument after their motion to dismiss had been fully argued and submitted ; then undercut us at the very instant that we sought to join this new issue – his issue .
He used this belated argument , for which he allowed no contradiction , as a pretext to go beyond the four corners of Groden 's original Complaint and – in the manner of a preemptive strike – undermine and denigrate the significance of what my client had attempted to accomplish for three decades .
It had been a particular concern of mine to protect Groden from this exact kind of overreaching .
He had come to court to redress serious economic injuries inflicted upon him by the defendants , nevertheless he ended up suffering further gratuitous injury at the hands of the presiding judge .
" The known evidence " that he " knew " about was not identified to Mr. Groden or me before Judge Martin issued his decision , or to the public and the legal profession through the decision itself .
How that " known evidence " demonstrated anything , or would if it were identified , was left unclear , so that its relevance could not be evaluated .
It certainly did not include " the known evidence " that he refused to examine .
There is no requirement that a jury verdict put an end to all public controversy and debate .
The " actual facts will never be verifiable " statement was an unwarranted and indefensible question - begging assumption .
Judge Martin had our written offer to submit proof , which he refused to allow before issuing his decision .
Since no competent or admissible evidence concerning the Kennedy assassination was before him when he wrote these words , they clearly showed that he was proselytizing on the merits or the importance of the controversy surrounding the Kennedy assassination .
Among the other major flaws in this argument were its fallacious appeal to ignorance – we cannot infer objective probability or improbability , let alone truth or falsity , merely from the failure to demonstrate them in the past – and its fallacious appeals to popularity and to common knowledge :
The merits of something are one matter and its popularity another ; the issue in the Groden case was not what is commonly known ( or believed ) but what is true .
More than the mere denial of an opportunity to be heard , Martin 's false account of the procedural facts of the Groden case was an integral , indispensible , incorporeal supporting element in the overall thrust of his Opinion , which conveyed to the press , the Bar , the general public , and other courts his " message " of what the Kennedy assassination controversy supposedly meant to him .
For we need not concern ourselves with truth or falsity if people will never be able to agree upon the truth in the first place .
Of course , this makes the whole discussion seem pointless .
Post - judgment Proceedings
September 1 , 1994 , within ten days after Martin granted summary judgment to the defendants , I submitted to the district court on Mr. Groden 's behalf a bare Notice of Motion to Reconsider , Reargue , Alter , Amend , Modify , Vacate and Voluntarily Recuse .
Pursuant to Martin's Individual Rules , the proposed Notice of Motion was served and submitted to chambers without any supporting papers , pending a motion conference .
The Notice of Motion asserted numerous errors of fact , law , or both , also several grounds for recusal .
Because the document incorporated on its face the names of the witnesses whose affidavits we sought to present , among other items , it evinced our clear intent to submit to the District Court the evidence that it had prevented us from submitting before the Opinion , Order , and Judgment dismissing the action .
Although Victor Kovner never answered the Amended Complaint , on September 8 , 1994 .
he did write a letter to Judge Martin requesting a conference to discuss the Notice of Motion .
However , for more than three weeks after service of Groden 's Notice of Motion upon both chambers and the defendants , Martin never scheduled a conference or responded in any other way .
Meanwhile , I was informed for the first time that a parallel lawsuit directed at the Random House ad had been brought by Mark Lane in the District Court for the District of Columbia ; that a motion for summary judgment was pending there ; and that Groden 's defendants in New York had submitted a copy of Martin 's decision to the D.C. court .
Now , time was of the essence .
Given his extravagant ridicule of the entire subject of President Kennedy 's assassination , and his refusal to allow me to submit evidence on a question that he himself had raised , it was a foregone conclusion that Martin would deny my motion to re-open his judgment .
I had to make an effort to expand the Groden record , giving Martin issues that he could not determine as matters of law absent a jury .
I had to get my evidence into the appellate record of that case .
Then , on September 23 , 1994 , I was telephonically notified by Martin 's law clerk that , without ever having conferred upon Mr. Groden 's motion ; without having received any papers in support or in opposition ; and without having heard any oral argument , the court had issued a Memorandum Opinion and Order denying the Motion to Reconsider , Reargue , Alter , Amend , Modify , Vacate and Voluntarily Recuse , and dismissing the Amended Complaint on his own initiative .
8
Addressing what he characterized as " personal attacks , " which he also called " hysterical , " Martin publicly accused me of disciplinary violations , referred his accusations to the grievance committees of both the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and the New York State Supreme Court , Appellate Division , First Department , and ordered me to show cause why I should not be sanctioned under Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure .
I was ordered to submit papers by October 14 .
The hearing date of the Order to Show Cause was October 21 .
With the issuance of Judge Martin 's Memorandum Opinion and Order of September 23 , there was still no evidence in the official record of the Groden case that we had , by way of my letter to the court dated July 8 , offered to make an additional factual showing to defeat defendants ' argument that the statements in their advertising campaign should be considered mere opinion .
Thus , there was still no means for Mr. Groden to seek effective appellate review of Judge Martin 's refusal to allow him to submit those proofs to defeat the grant of summary judgment .
Technically , I could not have properly or permissibly advised the Second Circuit Court of Appeals that this had even occurred without " testifying " for my client dehors the record .
I resolved to seize the occasion of responding to Judge Martin 's Order to Show Cause , and to submit to the record those proofs that he prevented me from submitting earlier to preclude summary judgment , or later in support of the Notice of Motion to Reconsider , etc. , together with further proofs relating to the quotation used in the advertisement .
We might not be able to require the Second Circuit to consider these materials , since they entered the record in post - judgment proceedings and Martin had shown no willingness to take cognizance of them , however , at least the materials would be in the record for the Second Circuit to see for themselves , instead of my asking them to use their imagination .
Friday , October 14 , 1994 , I served and filed with Martin 's chambers a set of papers and a videotape cassette of exhibits in response to the Order to Show Cause .9
An additional set was filed with the Clerk of the Court the following week .
Demonstrating the good faith and substantive factual bases for plaintiff 's Motion , I included in these papers and the videotape cassette the nature and kind of showing I would have made upon the Motion to Reconsider , etc. , but which Judge John Martin prevented me from making .
During Mr. Groden 's subsequent appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , this evidence was included in the Joint Appendix and record on appeal .
Thursday afternoon , October 20 , I served , and Friday morning , October 21 , I filed on behalf of Mr. Groden a Motion pursuant to 28 U.S.C. ß 144 .
On this second disqualification motion , Judge Martin would have yet another chance to reconsider and either amend or affirm his previous findings .
Friday afternoon , October 21 , I appeared with Mr. Groden and his wife in court .
The transcript , a copy of which Judge Martin later sent to the Grievance Committee of the Southern District court , which included Judge Sotomayor , shows that , while I referred more than once to Martin 's refusal to allow me to support the September 1 Notice of Motion , neither he nor defendants ' counsel contradicted that assertion in any way .
( See Attachment No. 4 . )
The transcript of that hearing also shows that Judge Martin made no comment respecting the materials I submitted to his chambers one week earlier .
By order entered December 5 , 1994 , Judge Martin denied the second recusal motion .
John Martin had no less than four separate and distinct opportunities to calmly and dispassionately assess Mr. Groden 's good faith showing ; after summarily dismissing his original and Amended Complaint , Martin 's option of vacating his judgment , at the very least to reconsider or amend his purported findings , subsisted to December 5 , 1994 , the day he filed his last substantive Memorandum Order in this case .
The extended post - judgment proceedings etched a clear portrait of Martin 's repeated refusal to allow Mr. Groden a fair opportunity to be heard so that his conduct cannot be attributed to mere mistake or abuse of discretion .
Evidence That More Than One Gunman Assassinated President Kennedy
For readers with no interest at all in the subject of President Kennedy 's murder , the governing purpose of this section is to compare and contrast the Milkovich issue as it was raised and discussed by Judge Martin and his law school classmate , Victor A. Kovner , Esq. , in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York with the body of relevant , competent and admissible evidence , including medical expert affidavits and exhibits , photographs and films , scientific analysis of those films , eyewitnesses and earwitness statements , and official government documents that we submitted to the official record of Mr. Groden 's lawsuit , bearing in mind that the judge had precluded us at the outset from taking any discovery .
That evidence included the following :
An affidavit ( JA 213- 223 ) with accompanying illustrated exhibits ( JA 224-235 ) from Dr. Randolph H. Robertson , M.D. , the first board - certified diagnostic radiologist in private practice to have been afforded access to original X - rays and photographs from the Kennedy autopsy ;
An affidavit from Dr. Cyril H. Wecht , M.D. , J.D. , then the Coroner Of Allegheny County ( Pittsburgh ) , and one of the most experienced and respected forensic pathologists in the world , Dr. Wecht accompanied Dr. Robertson on the last of his four examinations at the National Archives , so that Robertson could explain his findings to Wecht with the benefit of the original materiais arrayed before them .
Dr. Wecht has been there before , but he is not a specialist in radiology .
He concluded that his earlier stated opinion of this matter was erroneous and concurred in Dr. Robertson 's findings .
Authentication of the autopsy x-rays through the sworn testimony and expert report of a reknown forensic odontologist , Dr. Lowell Levine , D.D.S. ( JA 252 ) ; An Affidavit of Francis X. O'Neill , Jr. , dated November 8 , 1978 ( JA 266 ) .
O'Neill was an FBI agent who witnessed the Kennedy autopsy ; Hand drawings by Francis X. O'Neill , Jr. , attested and witnessed ( JA 280 - 281 ) , and illustrating his observation of the gunshot wounds sustained by President Kennedy ; A true copy of the official form FD - 302 report by FBI Special Agents Francis X. O'Neill , Jr. and James W. Sibert , another eyewitness to the autopsy , dated November 26 , 1963 ; A hand drawing by another autopsy eyewitnesses , Richard A. Lipsey , attested and witnessed ( JA 280 ) , depicting the wounds to President Kennedy ; A hand drawing by Secret Service Agent Roy H. Kellerman attested and witnessed by staff counsel of House Select Committee on Assassinations ( JA 279 ) .
Kellerman was one of the two Secret Service Agents who rode in the front bench seat of the presidential limousine during the assassination , and who both attended the autopsy ; Extracts of sworn testimony before the Warren Commission of Roy H. Kellerman ( JA 286 ) , and William Greer , Special Agent , Secret Service , who drove the death limousine and also attended the autopsy ( JA 291 ) ; Official contemporaneous signed statements of Secret Service Special Agent of the White House Detail , George W. Hickey , Jr. ( JA 294 ) .
Hickey was riding in the Secret Service follow - up car immediately behind the presidential limousine , and witnessed the assassination ;
The affidavit of plaintiff Robert J. Groden , a photooptical technician and an expert on the film and photographic evidence in the Kennedy assassination who was retained as such by the House of Representatives Select Committee on Assassinations , dated October 12 , 1994 ( JA 236 ) ; Video Exhibits ( in a videotape cassette enclosed in an envelope attached to Document 19 ) including : Detailed blow - ups from the Zapruder film of the assassination ( Exh 2 - 5 , 10 , 11 ) ; Details from the Orville Nix film of the assassination ( Video Ex 9 , 11 ) Statements by journalists Robert MacNeil ( Ex 6 ) , an earwitness to the assassination , and Mary Woodward ( Video Ex 7 ) , an eyewitness ; Statement by Bobby Hargis , the Dallas motorcycle policeman who was riding to the immediate left - rear of the presidential limousine at the time of the assassination ( Video Ex 12 ) ; Interviews with assassination eyewitnesses Marilyn Willis ( Video Ex 18 ) and Malcolm Summers ( Video Ex 19 ) ; Interviews with the Parkland Hospital doctors who attempted to rescuscitate Kennedy ( Video Ex 14 - 16 ) ;
An interview with former FBI agent O'Neill ( Video Ex 17 ) ; and Other narrative and visual material placing the evidence into appropriate background and context ; Portions of the technical analysis of the Zapruder film by the photo - analytical consulting firm , Itek Corporation ( JA 297 ) ; and Warren Commission Exhibit No. 387 , the official autopsy protocol re John F. Kennedy ( JA 283 ) .
Competent medical and scientific evidence , corroborated by eye - and ear witness accounts of the assassination , showed that President Kennedy sustained two separate missile impacts to his head , instead of one as originally reported by the Warren Commission .
This meant that at least four shots were fired during the assassination , as opposed to the alleged maximum of three shots from Oswald 's alleged weapon .
Further , the two head shots occurred within such a minute interval of time as to physically preclude their having been inflicted by only one gunman using any weapon then available ; the minimum time to operate the bolt - action mechanism of Oswald 's alleged weapon , as repeatedly tested by law enforcement agencies and experts , is far greater than the interval between the two separate hits . [ JA 416 ]
A digital enhancement of the Zapruder film demonstrated two separate and distinct impacts to the head , and this was also corroborated by measurements of the acceleration and velocity of the president 's movements as performed by photometric specialists at the Itek Corporation .
The first shot to strike the President 's head came from behind the limousine in which he was riding .
The available evidence is somewhat more equivocal regarding the directionality of the second strike , however , it affirmatively supports the conclusion that the second shot also came from behind the limousine .
The sworn statements of trained law enforcement eyewitnesses to the President 's autopsy [ JA 266 - 283 , 286 - 293 ] corroborate the autopsy pathologists ' contemporaneous bench drawing [ JA 226 - 27 ] , their official autopsy report [ JA 283 ] , and schematic representations that they later prepared for the Warren Commission [ JA 232 ] ( the commission decided not to receive the X - rays and photographs into their record ) in their location of one head wound .
Expert evaluation of the autopsy x-rays and photographs confirm that wound location , but establish in addition the existence of a second , separate wound to the head .
[ JA 213 ff . ]
( A panel of physicians appointed by then Attorney General Ramsey Clark in 1968 noted the second wound but overlooked evidence of the first , and conjectured that the autopsy pathologists had been mistaken by a factor of four inches in their location of a bullet 's entry . )
A digital enhancement of the Zapruder film demonstrates two separate and distinct impacts to the President 's head .
[ VIDEO EXHIBITS 3 , 4 , & 5 ]
That the effects of two distinct impacts are obvious only when the resolution of the film is enhanced and it is viewed in stop motion is corroborated by measurements of the acceleration and velocity of the head during the relevant Zapruder frames , as performed by photometric specialists at the Itek Corporation .
[ JA 297 , see also Groden Affidavit at JA 236 ]
Fragments of skull and brain tissue are seen to eject forward at the moment of the first impact .
In another filmed view of the shooting taken by Orville Nix , a major fragment is seen to fly rearward at the moment of the second impact .
[ VIDEO EXHIBIT 9 ]
At that point , contrary to what we were all led to believe many years ago , the president 's wife , far from attempting to escape the limousine , frantically retrieved that fragment .
[ VIDEO EXHIBITS 10,11 ]
Radiological findings further confirm what the film unequivocally portrays at frames Z315 - 316 , the elevation of the scalp in the rear of the President 's head at the time of the second impact [ See , generally , Robertson Affidavit at JA 213 and Wecht at 382 ] .
Earwitnesses to the assassination heard a " double - bang " at the time the President sustained his head wounds .
[ JA 286 - 296 ; VIDEO EXHIBITS 6,7 , & 8 ]
Although some of the witnesses interviewed on film were not formally qualified under oath , all of them were alive and available to testify or to be deposed .
The synergistic relationship between these independent sources of data hardly merits extended discussion :
The medical evidence describes what the motion picture films portray ; the mathematical evidence measures what the eye perceives ; and both the autopsy and the film evidence propose what the closest witnesses to the assassination actually heard .
Juries decide matters of historical fact on the basis of such evidence every day .
The apologists , including Posner , merely speculate that a neuromuscular spasm or " reverse jet effect " occurred .
The evidence , however , affirmatively proves two shots to the head .
With only three weeks to put this material together , I believe that I established a serious issue warranting a hearing and / or trial .10
Interestingly , at no point during the district or appellate court litigation did either the district court judge or the defendants ever advert to the plaintiff 's initial offer to make an evidentiary showing , or to our actual submission of the evidence during post - judgment proceedings .
The Groden case marked a turning point in the history of the controversy over President Kennedy 's assassination .
Until then , the federal government , its minions , and its sycophants could boast that , despite all their sniping , the critics of the Warren Commission had never been able to produce any credible , affirmative evidence that more than one gunman was responsible for the crime .
The Posner Case Closed phenomenon was to put a cap on the case , marginalize the critics , and allow organized society to carry on , at least for the foreseeable future .
What neither the Warren Commission 's apologists ( including Posner ) nor the critics could anticipate , however , was that the emergence of a coherent and cohesive body of evidence forcing the conclusion that at least one or two additional assassns may have escaped would mandate a drastically different tact by the established order .
Now , instead of championing " one man , one gun , one inescapable conclusion , " there would no longer be any conclusion :
They would simply throw Posner 's book into the dustbin of history together with all the rest , and let those dwindling numbers who were still absorbed by the subject argue among themselves on the Internet .
If the courts assume to legislate a community norm for discussion of this subject , e.g. , by declaring that it is all a matter of taste and not conducive to the application of rational processes for settlement of the dispute – in other words , once confrontation according to the rules of evidence and logic is decreed unnecessary – then they bring themselves into conflict with their own institutional nature and the freedom of advocacy .
Judge Jon O. Newman ( Earl Warren's Former Law Clerk ) Covers Up
Mr. Groden filed a complaint of misconduct against Judge Martin with the Judicial Council for the Second Circuit on or about November 4 , 1994.11
It was denied by then Chief Judge Jon O. Newman , who subsequently reserved Mr. Groden 's appeal in the Random House case for himself , presided , and wrote the opinion affirming the judgment of dismissal .
Judge Newman was the late Chief Justice Earl Warren 's senior law clerk ( 1956 - 57 ) .
It is a bitter irony that , while serving as Chairman of President Johnson 's Commission to Investigate the Assassination of President Kennedy , Earl Warren refused to receive the vital evidence pertaining to President Kennedy 's autopsy that we attempted to get Judge Martin to review thirty years later ; that Martin deliberately refused to look at it ; and that Warren 's former senior law clerk , Jon Newman , had it in his record - on - appeal , yet chose to cover up for Martin 's actions .
Here is how he did it :
" In any event , Groden had ample opportunity to present evidence outside the pleadings , and in fact he did so , submitting affidavits , Warren Commission testimony , and technical data concerning the Kennedy assassination . "
Newman falsely declared that the district court had allowed us to submit our evidence , and even implied that Judge Martin had given it due consideration !
Newman , who had the full record in front of him , kept from his readers that the defendants raised a new issue at the last minute , but that Martin refused to receive evidence going to that issue and , in fact , tried to prevent us from submitting it into the record of the case .
" The District Court ... rejected the Lanham Act claims because appellant had failed to present facts supporting his claims of false advertising . . . "
He did not mention my July 8 , 1994 letter to Martin .
" In this case , Groden had sufficient notice that appellees ' motion might be converted and a sufficient opportunity to present any evidence relevant to the resolution of the action . "
" Initially , it is doubtful that the District Court acted sua sponte , as Groden contends , since the motion before the Court explicitly sought summary judgment as an alternate form of relief to a Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) dismissal . "
In other words , according to Newman , the judgment filed in the official court record stating that Martin had converted the defendants '
Motion on his own initiative was a false instrument , and Groden was a liar .
Newman passed over the amendment of Mr. Groden 's Complaint to claim that more than one gunman killed President Kennedy as nothing but " ... a new substantive paragraph clarifying the Lanham Act claim . "
" Appellant thereafter moved for reconsideration of the dismissal ruling and for recusal of the District Judge .
Judge Martin denied rehearing and dismissed the amended complaint , concluding that nothing new had been alleged .
The recusal motion was denied for lack of any factual basis . "
Demonstrating an intricate capacity for denial , deflection , and distortion , Newman clearly implied that Groden 's Motion had been fully litigated ; in truth , Martin never held a motion conference and would not permit me to submit papers or argue the Motion .
Finally , in his Opinion dated July 28 , 1995 , Judge Newman divined " [ Groden 's ] real interest in filing this lawsuit – an attempt to use a district court trial as a forum for ascertaining the facts concerning the Kennedy assassination . "
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 )
Quite the opposite , these judges had something they wished to say about how they felt about the Kennedy assassination controversy , and the efficacy of Bob Groden 's calling , and they were not about to let evidence , or even argument , stand in the way of their pompous pronouncements .
Newman did more than make himself an accessory to the deceit by the district court ; he embellished and improved upon it .
What Did Sonia Sotomayor Know , and When Did She Know It ?
The Hon. Sonia Sotomayor was a Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and a member of its Committee on Grievances .
Indeed , the record of the disciplinary proceeding reflects that Judge Sotomayer was one of the original recipients of a September 27 , 1994 internal court memorandum that Judge John Martin wrote to his colleagues complaining against me .
Judge Sotomayer is now a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
This is not a case where the author of a judicial opinion has fallen victim to a deceit foisted upon her by her own judicial brethren .
Sotomayor was all too familiar with the facts of the Groden case .
The Committee on Grievances reviewed and deliberated upon an uncontested record consisting of documents that were submitted by both the Committee 's counsel and me .
These included virtually the entire contents of the District Court 's and Second Circuit Court of Appeals ' files from the Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , litigation .
The District Court , both in its final disbarment order and while defending itself from an appeal , represented that it conducted a de novo review of these submissions , which means that it did not simply rely on briefs or selected excerpts of the record , but reviewed all the evidence submitted in the matter .
During the Groden litigation in the District Court
Of particular interest is a contemporaneous fax by the Grievance Committee of the full transcript of my appearance in front of Judge John Martin on October 21 , 1994 .
( See Attachment No. 4 . ) ( The fax header identifies the Committee Chair , Judge Robert P. Patterson , Jr. , as a recipient . )
Besides indicating that the Committee was secretly monitoring the Groden post - judgment proceedings , this transcript records me referring repeatedly to Martin 's refusal to allow me to submit papers in support of , or to or orally argue , the September 1 Notice of Motion , and it further reflects that neither Martin nor defendants ' counsel contradicted that assertion in any way .
Thus , months before Newman wrote his appellate affirmance of Martin 's dismissal of the case , Sotomayor and her colleagues knew that ( a ) both sides in the Groden litigation had requested a pre-motion conference ; ( b ) Martin had refused to hold one ; ( c ) Martin had instead denied me the opportunity to submit supporting affidavits , appurtenant exhibits , and a Memorandum of Law ; and ( d ) had denied me any opportunity to argue the Motion .
Besides having this faxed transcript in their hands even as the Groden post - judgment litigation continued , Ms. Sotomayor and the Committee on Grievances had the same transcript in the Joint Appendix to Groden 's appeal , which was among the many documentary materials submitted to them in the subsequent disciplinary proceeding .
Both in my appellate briefs and in my submissions to the Grievance Committee , I repeatedly emphasized Martin 's obstructionist conduct .
Thus , upon their de novo review of the evidence and briefs , Judge Sotomayor and her colleagues had full notice and knowledge of what had occurred .
Following the appeal in Groden to the Second Circuit
On December 18 , 1995 , the widely - circulated official newspaper of the law profession in New York City , The New York Law Journal , published a full column - length letter by me , replying to an earlier article about the Groden case .
( See Attachment No. 5 . ) Besides its publication in the newspaper , I later included a copy of this letter in my later submissions to the Grievance Committee .
Here is a relevant excerpt :
" For the first time in history .
substantial relevant , competent and admlssible evidence was presented to a court of law through the affidavits of medlcal experts , official government documents ( including eye- and earwitness accounts ) , and nearly two dozen film exhibits on videocassette to support Mr. Groden 's contention that President John F. Kennedy was shot by at least two gunmen , and that the defendants ' advertising campaign was literally and explicitly false , disparaging , and anticompetitive .
Initially , notwithstanding our written offer of proof , the district judge refused to allow us to submit this material in opposition to the defendants ' motion to dismiss under Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) or , in the alternative , for summary judgment . "
( Respondent 's Exhibit 9 , Letter to the Editor , " Additional Comment on Lanham Act Suit , " The New York Law Journal , December 18 , 1995 ) , In the Matter of Roger Bruce Feinman , S.D.N.Y . ( Docket No. M-2-238 ) .
Besides having access to the entire record , it is indisputable that Ms. Sotomayor and her colleagues actually reviewed and examined it .
De Novo Review of the Evidence
The Committee on Grievances retained an attorney , Steven C. Krane , Esq. , to defend it against my appeal from its disbarment order to the U.S. Court of Appeals .
In Mr. Krane 's appellate brief and oral advocacy before that Court , he asserted both in writing and orally on behalf of the Committee on Grievances that the entire Committee had actually reviewed and examined the evidence before issuing its Order .
In his " Brief for the Appellee , " Mr. Krane asserted :
The district court " examined the evidence ( including that submitted by Mr. Feinman ) and made its Order . "
12
The district court conducted a " de novo review of the panel 's findings .
"
13
According to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals ' audio recording of Mr. Krane 's appearance on July 17 , 1998 , the following colloquy occurred between the presiding member of the Court , Judge José Cabranes , and Mr. Krane :
" BY THE COURT : Judge Patterson 's Order is on behalf of the Committee – KRANE : Yes , it is .
THE COURT : – on behalf of the committee of six district judges ?
MR .
KRANE : Yes it is .
The Findings and Recommendations were reviewed by all six judges , and Judge Patterson signed the Order as Chair at - the time of the Committee on Grievances .
Audio tape of proceedings held by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , Matter of Roger Bruce Feinman , Docket No. 97-6064 ( July 17 , 1998 ) ( on file with Calendar Clerk , Tape # 278 ) .
Upon information and belief , when Mr. Krane appeared before the Second Circuit Court , he acted within the scope of his representation , with full authority as an attorney on behalf of the Committee on Grievances .
Accordingly , both his written and oral assertions before that Court bind the Committee as having been made by their agent , at their behest , and with their knowledge , consent , and full blessing .
The evidence , and the conclusions that logically flow from that evidence , are therefore inescapable : Sonia Sotomayor was fully apprised and aware that Jon O. Newman filed a false account of the Groden case in his Opinion affirming the judgment of the District Court dismissing Mr. Groden 's case .
She had the facts even before Newman published his Opinion .
Nevertheless , she twice subscribed to that false account , first when she ratified the disbarment of Mr. Groden 's attorney , and later , when she cited and promoted Newman 's Opinion in the Groden case .
The Deleterious Effect of Falsifying Judicial Decisions
Lying may be entrenched in public and private life , but it has no place in judicial decisions .
A judicial opinion is an official act on which others rely .
It decides a case and pronounces the law .
A judge who decides a case without weighing one party 's evidence is denying the possibility that evidence will sway him .
Such a judge is unlikely to be a person of integrity .
14
Writing an opinion without presenting a truthful account of the procedure or a meaningful account of one side 's arguments is propaganda .
A judge who sets out to write a decision in which he knowingly falsifies the procedural facts of the case to achieve a desired result is perforce a dishonest judge .
He has filed a false instrument with the clerk of his own court .
He has obstructed justice .
An appellate judge who would cover - up for the wrongdoer , going so far as to applaud his action as " appropriate " in any sense of that word , would be little more than a common criminal disguised in judicial robes .
The fact that a judge 's recitation of the relevant facts in his decision cannot be trusted is crippling .
Lawyers throughout the country rely on these written decisions in arguing their own clients ' cases .
Other judges in other state and federal courts rely on these decisions in deciding those other cases .
Once it spreads through the literature ( and the spread can be fairly rapid ) the consequences of this kind of misrepresentation – this fiction – can be practically irreversible absent some dramatic countermeasures .
In the final analysis , this is not a question of " disagreeing " with the decisions of the Groden courts :
One must disagree with them only in the same broad sense that one must condemn all forms of willful fraud and deceit .
These judges did not make mistakes ; what they did , they did knowingly , intentionally , and with malice .
These judicial opinions were deliberately written with the purpose and intent of deceiving their audience .
They falsify the facts of the Groden case .
The inference that naturally flows from this falsification is that these Judges resorted to expedient lies to gain credibility and acceptance for decisions that could not otherwise stand up to scrutiny .
They are obviously documents constructed to be used for polemical purposes .
They have the smell of dead fish .
The Disciplinary Proceeding
In a post - judgment Memorandum Decision and Order issued on September 23 , 1994 , District Judge John S. Martin , Jr. publicly accused me of knowingly making false accusations against him on September 1 , 1994 , in the 28 U.S.C. ß 455 ( a ) recusal branch of a bare Notice of Motion to reconsider his dismissal of Mr. Groden 's complaint , and next in a letter dated September 19 , 1994 , that I wrote to Judge Royce C. Lamberth of the District Court for the District of Columbia .
There were five recusal allegations in the motion and Judge Martin refused to comment on two of them .
He also refused to allow me to support , litigate , or argue any of them .
In that letter , I referred to Martin's " crooked and corrupt decision in our case . "
I have never seen any reason or need to retract or apologize for that characterization .
Notwithstanding Judge Martin's representation that he was referring his complaint to the Disciplinary Committee of the Supreme Court of the State of New York , Appellate Division , First Department , no complaint was referred to that or other state court authorities .
Instead , he sent his complaint against me to each individual member of the federal district court 's own Committee on Grievances , including Judge Sotomayor , then he continued to preside over post - judgment proceedings in Groden until mid-January 1995 .
All the while , he apparently funneled Groden suit papers to the Committee on Grievances .
From that point , Ms. Sotomayor and her colleagues lay in wait , detained any disciplinary action , and did not even notify me that they were coming after me – not until after the Second Circuit affirmed Judge Martin 's dismissal of Mr. Groden 's case , and after Groden 's alternate appellate remedies had expired .
So , I argued Mr. Groden 's case to the Second Circuit without full knowledge of the Grievance Committee 's actions and future plans .
Had those been timely revealed and all the facts then been known , it is a fair assumption that Mr. Groden 's appeal would have been argued differently , and possibly by another attorney .
In effect , the Southern District 's Grievance Committee became a silent party to the Groden litigation .
There is no justification in principle for using disciplinary charges as a delayed action fuse .
Serious allegations of ethical violations , if meritorious , should neither be detained nor reserved for the time and forum most advantageous or convenient to a complaining judge and his judicial colleagues .
The Grievance Committee never deigned to explain the delay , either in notification of the charges or the activation of the actual disciplinary proceeding .
The Southern District court 's disciplinary procedures , which were thoroughly revised within weeks after my disbarment , had clearly contemplated proceedings that were merely reciprocal or derivative of state court and state bar association disciplinary matters .
They did not permit an attorney accused of professional misconduct to compel either the testimony of non-cooperative witnesses or the production of documents not under his control .
I declined to appear before a court - appointed panel of attorneys in private practice , objecting to the panel mechanism upon Article III and Appointments Clause constitutional grounds .
There was no evidentiary hearing in the disciplinary matter .
Additionally , the structure of the federal district court does not allow one judge to rule directly on the legality of another judge 's judicial acts or to deny another district judge his or her 1awful jurisdiction .
This , plus the employment of " law of the case , " inter - panel accord , or presumption of regularity principles , effectively precluded me from challenging any aspect of the trial and appellate court rulings in Mr. Groden 's case .
Indeed , the attorney advisory panel appears to have relied solely upon Judge Newman 's Opinion and affirmance of Judge Martin 's judgment in Groden as the basis for determining that I made false accusations against Judge Martin .
The Grievance Committee placed the advisory panel under extraordinary pressure .
Whenever I provided extensive submissions in response to the charges , they were amended expansively with new charges , until I ceased answering altogether .
Under the original charges of alleged disciplinary violations , the panel was unable to adduce a shred of relevant , competent , or admissible evidence of knowing or reckless falsehood under DR 8 - 102 ( A ) on any of the stated counts .
They were forced to resort to other theories of professional misconduct .
Nevertheless , despite the extraordinary and clearly improper pressure exerted upon the panel , they completely exonerated me of two complaints that Judge Martin had emphasized in his public denunciation of September 23 , 1994 , and concluded that my first motion for his recusal – on the grounds of Martin 's past ties to potential witnesses in Mr. Groden 's case – had sufficient factual bases .
Immobilized by the incontrovertible documentary evidence of a judicial deceit , the panel was then reduced to the silliness of employing their brilliant and expensive prose to express their theory of what constitutes felicitous writing .
Having found that it was ethically permissible for me to seek Martin 's disqualification for bias on certain grounds , the attorney advisory panel launched against my alleged rhetorical inferiority with an orgy of self - congratulation .
They proposed to disbar me for want of style , taste and discernment .
For example , if I called Martin 's disposition of the Groden case and his intemperate Memorandum Opinion of September 23 , 1994 , " more the products of ill will than honest intellectual inquiry , " then my bourgeois plain - spokenness , sniffed these polished and refined partners from the vaunted elite law firms , grated on their sensitive ears and offended their delicate tastes .
I was accused essentially of failing to maintain proper decorum , as though I were a mere spectator at a football game who impulsively ran onto the field to run interference for my home team 's wide receiver and had to be ejected from the stadium .
The disciplinary process had no other purpose than to defame and discredit me ; to defuse my justifiable criticism of the judges involved in Mr. Groden 's matter ; and to protect their reputations .
It 's goal was to hermetically seal judicial lies perpetrated against a litigant , his attorney , the press , the Bar , the general public , and other courts .
A strong indication of the urgent , imperative nature of this goal was that , despite the lack of any interpersonal contact between the Committee on Grievances or its advisory panel and me , I was precluded from ever applying for reinstatement as an attorney without producing " a psychiatric evaluation stating that Mr. Feinman is in good health . "
In other words , they had no means through which to attack the credibility of my dissection of this judicial fraud , and it was apparently a struggle for them to impeach my sanity as well , albeit they gave it their best shot .
Shades of " re-education " in the former Soviet Union and Communist China .
The Culture of Collegiality
One judge lies ; the others swear by it .
That is the sum and substance of the problem facing the Judiciary Committee and full Senate in the matter of the Sotomayor nomination .
There is a culture of collegiality among the incumbents of the Second Judicial Circuit , grounded in the general motive to preserve and continue their future relations and interaction , both formal and informal .
Although their tenure is constitutionally guaranteed , from a practical standpoint , they must rely upon one another 's cooperation .
However , when this culture of collegiality – this community of interest that the federal judiciary has created – encapsulates a closing of the ranks behind two judges without any regard to whether the facts supported their rulings – much like volunteering a passcard to enjoy their gated enclave – then what becomes of due process ?
Of Article III judicial independence ?
In a form of emotional blackmail reminiscent of the children 's fable about The Emperor 's New Clothes , the judges who presided in the Groden matter made their colleagues their willing accomplices in order to avoid the social and political costs of exposing and condemning their deceits .
They counted on the decisive role being played , not by facts , evidence or law , but by cherished beliefs and comforting assumptions about the honesty , integrity and good faith of judicial officers and the common interests they supposedly share .
It is clear that Sonia Sotomayor followed and complied .
Despite her strong familiarity with the Groden matter and subsequent disciplinary proceeding as a district court judge , she nevertheless cited to Newman 's opinion in the Groden case as an appellate judge , as though it related the true facts .
She knew what had happened .
She knew that she was promoting a false and fraudulent account of the procedural facts in Groden .
She could have washed her hands of the fraud , and refrained from giving it practically her support .
Instead , she kept silent ; she went along .
She put her colleagues ' reputational interests ahead of repudiating false and fraudulent judicial misrepresentations .
Covering up must be seen for what it is : taking on a shared responsibility for her colleagues ' malfeasance .15
If , while sitting as both a district court and a circuit court judge , Sotomayor would not expose her colleagues ' manipulation or disregard of the facts in Bob Groden 's matter , can she be trusted to perform the role of a principled legal decision - maker ?
It is not merely her truthfulness ; the issue is her willingness and backbone to transcend twenty years of acculturation as a member of the federal judiciary – including the personality cult surrounding that master of mythology , Jon O. Newman – and to stand up to expose a wrong committed in her presence and with her approval .
It is her ability to think and act in an independent manner , paying no special deference to her colleagues .
It is her ability to withstand the stress of going it alone .
The collegiality problem in the Second Circuit has previously reared its head in slightly different form , when Senator Bob Dole and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , among others , repeatedly criticized Judge Harold Baer , Jr. , also of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , and accused him of harboring a prejudice and bias that infected his decision in a drug case .
16
In the case of Carol Bayless , Baer suppressed 80 pounds of cocaine and heroin , with a street value of $ 4 million dollars , found in the back of a rental car with out - of - state license tags , at 5:00 a.m. , after police officers observed four men loading duffel bags into the trunk of the car , and after at least one of the men fled upon seeing the police .
Judge Baer incorporated into his decision on that search - and - seizure problem a personal stereotype he had about what the white police and the black street denizens of Harlem were like , and how they were prone to behave .
He let that stereotype infiltrate his reasoning and judgment , and he apparently did this without having heard all of the available evidence .
Because he allowed his personal and highly prejudicial generalization of life on the streets of Harlem to invade his evaluation of the issue before him , Judge Baer effectively precluded the prosecution from bringing out the truth at the trial of the matter .
For a very brief while , the obsequious and sycophantic letter - writing , editorializing , and speechmaking hierarchy of the law profession found in Harold Baer a cause as convenient to their political agendas as it befit their unctuous sanctimony .
Although Baer later admitted he had made a mistake , that was not before a tremendous public furor erupted over criticism of the judiciary as posing a grave threat to the foundations of the country .
Leaders of the bench and bar rushed to publish articles condemning the criticism of judges .
They stood reflexively together to defend a judge under attack , even though he had committed a grave error .
Amid that frenzy of adulation for the federal judiciary from the vaunted dignitaries of the Bar , on March 28 , 1996 , four senior judges of the Second Circuit injected themselves into the public debate over the boundaries of criticism directed against federal judges by issuing what one major newspaper called an " extraordinary public statement " 17 brazenly condemning criticism of federal judges .
Perhaps not so coincidentally , just eight months earlier , two of the judges ( Newman and Feinberg ) had upheld John Martin 's rulings in the Groden matter .
Although criticism of Baer posed no realistic threat to the judiciary , such attacks , they pontificated , " threaten to weaken the constitutional structure of this nation . "
Embellishing their sanctimonious demagoguery , they said ,
" Attacks on a judge risk inhibition of all judges as they conscientiously endeavor to discharge their constitutional responsibilities .
"
18
How did the attacks upon one threaten all ?
The high priests did not deign to explain .
The judges apparently felt so strongly about the need for them to defend judges against attack that they deemed it " overriding " of the Code of Conduct for United States Judges .
The hallmark of the Groden case , and the related disciplinary proceedings that followed it , is that , between all the federal district and appellate court proceedings , eleven district judges and a " baker 's dozen " of Second Circuit judges were exposed to the full Groden record , whose pertinent aspects were highlighted in the numerous briefs , motions , and petitions that I filed from 1994 through 2000 .
There was n't a single whistleblower concerning Groden 's attempts to meet the Martin - Kovner argument with a showing of evidence , or the lies that covered up his thwarted efforts .
Not one , including Sotomayor , deemed the denial of Groden 's basic , unquestionable procedural and due process rights worthy of mention – not even in an obscure footnote .
Not a single judge raised his or her voice in protest against the perversion of the judicial process .
They were more concerned with their institutional priority of upholding the reputation of the federal judiciary than with a plain , ordinary citizen 's simple claim to due process – the right to present his evidence and arguments in court , and to have them weighed before losing his legal rights and more .
They stood as one to protect the church of the federal judiciary in preference to exposing a rank and odious injustice .
Like John Martin's " actual facts " or Jon Newman 's " true facts " of President Kennedy 's death , the plain facts of Mr. Groden 's case lie buried beneath a small avalanche of glib citations , including that endorsed by Ms. Sotomayor during her own federal tenure .
Nonetheless , it is Sotomayor , not her colleagues in the Second Judicial Circuit , who now stands for elevation to the nation 's court of last resort .
And that is what casts her conduct in such a worrisome light .
Can a judge who was willing to lend herself to a judicial lie – an outright fraud perpetrated upon a litigant , the organized Bar , the press , the public , and the courts of other jurisdictions – be trusted to sit on a court from which no further appeal can ever be taken ?
This is a question too critical to be left in the hands of lawyers and judges .
For the sake of our democracy , it must be answered by the people themselves and their representatives in the United States Senate .
Therefore , Professor Feldman 's cautionary notes merit at least a brief pause at the sound of the two - minute warning in this game .
For all must understand that federal judges enjoy life tenure , and that the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court may enjoy a tenure lasting as long as 35 years .
Assuming his re-election , Mr. Obama 's maximum tenure is eight years , nevertheless , the rest of us will live with his choice for decades to come .
The stakes could not be higher .
Postscript
Jon O. Newman continues to hear a reduced appellate caseload as a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Although she has sat with Newman on dozens of appellate panels since she ascended to that Court nine years ago , the number of dissents from his opinions that Sonia Sotomayor has filed may be counted on the fingers of one hand .
The Honorable John S. Martin , Jr. , having failed to advance to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals or the Supreme Court of the United States , eventually became dissatisfied as a federal district judge and decided that his time was actually worth far more than a public servant 's salary – as much as $ 1,000 per hour , or so he proclaimed to the trade press – so he resigned from the federal bench in 2003 and returned to the private practice of law .
Although he attempted to cloak his retirement from the judiciary as a " resignation in protest " against the harshness of federal sentencing guidelines , such noble pretensions contrasted starkly with his imposition of perhaps the cruelest and most unusual criminal sentence in United States history , condemning Luis Felipe , leader of the Almighty Latin King & Queens Nation , to a living death – life plus 45 years in solitary confinement , to be served incommunicado , i.e. , without visitation , and completely isolated from all except his lawyer .
Martin continues to practice law in a private partnership on Fifth Avenue in New York City .
Due to the deaths of key witnesses during the intervening years since the Groden lawsuit , Martin was , and will likely remain , the only federal trial court judge in history who – at his own instigation , it bears emphasis in bold – was ever presented with a body of relevant , competent , and admissible evidence ( medical , scientific , eyewitness .
earwitness , photographic and motion picture ) that two gunmen shot President Kennedy , but who turned aside and refused to even look at it , not less than four times .
NOTES
1 . Although not identified in the ad campaign , the quote came from a 1989 book called High Treason , the product of two men , Mr. Groden and Harrison E. Livingstone .
That book contained separate copyright notices , Livingstone 's clearly indicating that he owned the sole copyright to some of the work . [ JA 68 ]
Later paperback editions completely eliminated Mr. Groden 's copyright interest . [ JA 300 ] During litigation in the U.S. District Court of Random House 's motion for summary judgment , conflicting evidence about the authorship and copyright ownership of High Treason was submitted , and there was no evidence in the record that Mr. Groden had ever held himself out to the public as co-author of the entire work , or that he had any control over the original publication and later revisions of the book .
2. Judge Martin's Individual Rules as then in force are reproduced in the Joint Appendix at 302-04 .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) .
3. Document No. 9 , " Memorandum of Law in Support of Defendants ' Motion to Dismiss For Failure to State a Claim or , in the alternative , for Summary Judgment , " Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 45555 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 11794 , 32 U.S.P.Q.2d 1266 , 1994 - 2 Trade Cas. P70,702 , 22 Media L. Rep. 2257 ( S.D.N.Y .
Aug. 23 , 19941 ( No. 94 - Civ. 1074 ) .
4. Although Martin had extensive and longstanding personal and professional ties with the Department of Justice ( as Assistant Solicitor General he participated in the extradition of James Earl Ray following the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. ; as U.S. Attorney in Manhattan he prosecuted members of the Weather Underground ; and he had previously employed the in -house lawyer for Random House who was supervising both the Groden litigation and a parallel lawsuit brought by Mark Lane in the District of Columbia ) , during the Groden litigation Martin seemed more impressed by the " old school " ties he shared with the defendants ' lead outside counsel , his Columbia Law School classmate , Victor A. Kovner .
Indeed , in a September 23 , 1994 , post - judgment Memorandum Order and Opinion , Martin called his connection to Kovner " a far more significant fact " in his dismissal of Groden 's lawsuit than his Justice Department connections and experiences .
Kovner was Bill Clinton 's chief New York fundraiser , friend , confidant and , according to one newspaper columnist , a " judge maker " .
Kovner 's wife , Sarah Schoenkopf Kovner , was Special Assistant to Clinton 's Secretary of Health and Human Services , Donna E. Shalala .
One of his law partners , Laura Handman , was the wife of Clinton 's former White House Deputy Chief of Staff , Harold Ickes .
The Kovners accompanied the Clintons to Israel during the Groden litigation , although their role in Mideast diplomacy was never clarified .
While Kovner 's motion to dismiss Groden 's lawsuit was pending , he and Martin dined together at New York 's Waldorf - Astoria Hotel , a fact they never disclosed to Mr. Groden 's attorney .
5 . That case holds that there is no first amendment privilege for expressions of " opinion " per se , since such expressions often imply an assertion of objective fact .
An allegedly libelous ( hence , false and defamatory statement , is not protected under the first amendment if it states or implies assertions of fact which are provable as false .
As Mr. Kovner correctly noted , therefore , the test , was " verifiability , " or whether the statement was capable of being objectively characterized as true or false .
6. Murray Space Shoe Corp. v. FTC , 304 F.2d 270 , 272 ( 2d Cir. 1962 ) , citing United States v. Ninety - Five Barrels of Vinegar , 265 U.S. 438 , 443 ( 1924 ) ( " Deception may result from the use of statements not technically false or which may be literally true . " ) .
7. Kovner 's raising an important argument for the first time in a post - submission letter under the guise of a request for further briefing did not seem to trouble the District Court , neither did it trouble the Second Circuit Court of Appeals , as we 'll see later .
8. ( Joint Appendix at 177 .
Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) )
9. Joint Appendix 184-352 . Groden v. Random House , Inc. , 61 F.3d 1045 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( Docket No. 94-9100 ) and the videocassette enclosed in an envelope attached to Document 19 , Groden v. Random House , Inc. , et al. , 1994 WL 45555 , 1994 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 11794 , 32 U.S.P.Q.2d 1266 , 1994 - 2 Trade Cas. P70,702 , 22 Media L. Rep. 2257 ( S.D.N.Y. Aug. 23 , 1994 ) ( No. 94 - Civ. 1074 ) .
( see also , Respondent 's Exhibit 5 and the videocassette submitted to the U.S.D.C. - S.D.N.Y .
Grievance Committee in Matter of Roger Bruce Feinman , Docket No. M-2-238 . )
10 .
This case would have been for me to try , not Mr. Groden .
Consistent with my duty to exercise independent judgment on behalf of my client , the evidentiary showing that we wished to make in opposition to summary judgment was entirely my work product and responsibility -- conceived , ordered and compiled by me based upon my own studies of the Kennedy assassination during the past 30 years , and Mr. Groden merely assisted me in editing a videocassette of exhibits ; consulting with me about the contents of his affidavits ; and reviewing and signing the affidavits that I drafted for him , adding a few of his own personal touches as he and I felt appropriate .
11 . In re Charge of Judicial Misconduct , No. 94-8563 ( Jud'l.
Council of the 2nd Cir. ) .
12 . Brief for the Appellee Committee on Grievances of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , dated July 10 , 1998 , at p. 13 , U.S.C.A.2d ( Docket No. 97-6064 ) .
13 . Id. at 21 , n. 10 .
14 . Stephen L. Carter , Integrity .
Basic Books , New York : 1995
15 . Sissela Bok , " Lying : Moral Choice in Public and Private Life . "
Second Vintage Books Edition ( 1999 ) at 158 .
16 . See , e.g. , The New York Daily News , Saturday , January 27 , 1996 , p. 5 .
17 . The New York Times , March 29 , 1996 , p. B1,4
18 . Joint statement of Jon 0 .
Newman , J. Edward Lumbard , Wilfred Feinberg , and James L. Oakes , former chief judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , March 28 , 1996 .
June 30 , 1992 - Eric Lindros traded by the Quebec Nordiques to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Peter Forsberg , Steve Duchesne , Kerry Huffman , Mike Ricci , Ron Hextall , Chris Simon , Philadelphia 's 1993 1st round draft choice , Philadelphia 's 1994 1st round draft choice and $ 15,000,000 .
Quebec relocated to Colorado and won 2 Stanley Cups .
Forsberg is a likely Hall of Fame player .
Lindros never lived up to potential , and suffered frequent injuries , especially concussions .
Philadelphia never won a Stanley Cup under Lindros ' leadership ; Lindros retired never having won a Stanley Cup .
Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson , the GOP establishment favorite in the state ’s Senate race , lagged well behind his primary opponent Rand Paul in third quarter fundraising .
Grayson announced he raised only $ 642,800 , despite getting fundraising support from Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and NRSC chairman John Cornyn during the quarter .
Grayson ended September with $ 1.18 million cash - on - hand .
His third quarter total was dwarfed by Paul , who raised over $ 1 million , much of it coming from online donors supportive of his father ’s libertarian presidential campaign .
Paul has banked $ 912,000 in his campaign account .
Paul ’s significant fundraising advantage – combined with polling showing him within striking distance of Grayson – indicates that the Republican nomination is truly up for grabs , even though national Republicans are behind Grayson ’s campaign .
comments closed
permalink
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney had his facts wrong when he blasted Attorney General Eric Holder last week for launching an investigation into past CIA interrogation techniques , an administration official asserted Monday .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney has repeated his defense of enhanced interrogation techniques .
Holder 's decision to review waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques was politically motivated , Cheney claimed in remarks broadcast on " Fox News Sunday . "
Cheney made clear in the interview , conducted Friday , that he believes that President Obama directed Holder to launch the review in response to pressure from left - wing Democrats .
But the administration official , who asked not to be identified , said , " the attorney general made a determination independently , based on the facts and the law . "
The official also objected to Cheney 's statement that " the president is the chief law enforcement officer in the land . "
" That 's not true , " the official replied .
" It 's the attorney general . "
During his Fox interview , Cheney repeated his defense of the effectiveness of what are called enhanced interrogation techniques , such as waterboarding .
The techniques " were absolutely essential in saving American lives and preventing attacks on the United States , " Cheney said .
" I think they were directly responsible for the fact that for eight years , we had no further direct attacks on the United States . "
In response , the official noted that a recently released 2004 report from the CIA 's inspector general concluded that " the effectiveness of the enhanced interrogation techniques are hard to measure . "
The official highlighted a page from the report stating , among other things , that " measuring the effectiveness of EITs , however , is a ... subjective process and not without some concern . "
The official also noted a separate conclusion in the report that " the effectiveness of particular interrogation techniques in eliciting information that might not otherwise have been obtained cannot be so easily measured . "
The official also took issue with Cheney 's assertion that a new interagency group tasked with overseeing terrorist interrogators will spend the bulk of its time deciding " who gets to ask what question and who 's going to mirandize the witness . "
" Mirandizing " refers to the process of informing an individual of his or her rights under the U.S. Supreme Court 's 1966 Miranda ruling .
The primary goal of the High Value Detainee Interrogation Group will be intelligence collection , not law enforcement , the official said .
The group will be based out of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which , according to the official , currently mirandizes less than 1 percent of detainees .
" That will be the same practice " with the new group , the official asserted .
CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .
All About Dick Cheney • Terrorism
JERUSALEM — Israel ’s vice Prime Minister Moshe Yaalon recently cancelled a planned trip to London over fears that he could be put on trial for alleged war crimes , his spokesman said on Monday .
He called off the trip for fear pro-Palestinian groups in London might seek his arrest for his role , as military chief - of - staff at the time , in the 2002 deaths of 15 people , among them a Hamas leader and eight children .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yaalon , who is also strategic affairs minister , had been invited to attend a fund - raising dinner hosted by the British branch of the Jewish National Fund , but the foreign ministry ’s legal team advised against it .
Yaalon was military chief - of - staff when an Israeli warplane dropped a one - tonne bomb in Gaza City which killed Salah Shehadeh , the head of the armed wing of Hamas , and 14 civilians , including his wife , in July 2002 .
Last Tuesday Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak branded a bid to have him arrested in Britain “ absurd ” as he attended the governing Labour party ’s annual conference .
British activists had sought his arrest over Israel ’s 22 - day offensive in Gaza at the start of this year , when more than 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed .
The request was denied on the grounds of diplomatic immunity .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
This is the fifth installment in a series of health - care columns by Fortune 's Shawn Tully .
The Obama Administration is touting its pact with the pharmaceutical industry as " an historic agreement to lower drug costs . "
Both sides claim the deal will save consumers -- and especially -- the federal government , a total of $ 80 billion over the next decade .
A close look at the details of the agreement , however , shows that the new rules could have precisely the opposite effect by substantially raising spending on pharmaceuticals .
Seniors will wind up paying less in the short term , but taxpayers are going to get soaked down the road .
Why ?
Because the deal would weaken incentives for seniors to purchase cheap , generic drugs , incentives that are strong today .
It 's brilliantly designed by the manufacturers so that the elderly pay no more from their own pockets to consume costly , brand - name medications , with the government covering most of the extra bill .
Covering the ' donut hole '
The advertised " savings " come from the industry 's pledge to cover part of what 's known as the " donut hole " in Medicare drug coverage .
Today , the program pays 75 % of seniors ' prescription drug bills up to $ 2,700 ( after a $ 295 deductible ) .
Then , they must spend as much as $ 3,500 of their own cash for 100 % of their purchases until total spending reaches around $ 6,200 .
That coverage gap between $ 2,700 and $ 6,200 is the famous donut hole , and the $ 6,200 is the " catastrophic care " threshold .
After that , it 's essentially a free zone where the government pays 95 % of a senior 's drug costs .
The donut hole actually has its virtues :
By forcing millions of seniors to pay a large portion of their medication costs , it encourages them to buy much cheaper generic drugs .
The new agreement between Obama and the drugmakers , however , would make generics far less attractive by effectively " shrinking " the donut hole .
Here 's how it works :
The industry is promising to provide a 50 % discount for all brand - name drugs that seniors purchase in the " donut " zone between $ 2,700 and $ 6,200 -- a discount that does not apply to generics .
The consumer pays half , but the amount that 's billed is still full price as it applies to the donut hole .
How shrinking the hole raises costs
That still sounds like a great solution , but the perils appear when you do the math .
The plan changes the game by enabling seniors to buy branded drugs for no more than they now pay out - of - pocket for generics .
Worse , it will push far more seniors into the " free zone " , where they can consume virtually any drugs they want , no matter what the price , at a tiny extra cost .
Let 's take an example .
Under the current plan , Harry , age 70 , uses one brand - name medication that does n't have a generic equivalent , for $ 250 a month , and three generic medications at $ 40 each , for a total of $ 370 .
Remember , the limit of the donut hole is determined not by what Harry spends , but the total bill for the drugs .
Harry 's drug purchases come to just over $ 4,400 a year .
With 75 % of the first $ 2,700 covered , minus the $ 295 deductible , $ 2,640 comes out of his pocket , most of it from covering the full price once he reaches the donut .
He does n't come anywhere near the $ 6,200 that would lift him into the catastrophic category .
Any more money he spends on drugs would come out of his own pocket , since he 's smack in the middle of the coverage gap .
But now , let 's zoom forward to the new deal that shrinks that coverage gap .
With the 50 % discount , Harry can now pay for $ 6,200 worth of drugs for the same $ 2,640 out - of - pocket , instead of $ 4,350 under the old rules .
Now that he 's over the threshold , he decides to buy three brand - name drugs at $ 250 a month , each in place of the generics , at six times the cost .
The enormous extra expense adds a piddling amount to the $ 2,640 he was paying out of pocket , since it 's 95 % covered by the government .
The result is that Harry now buys $ 12,000 in drugs versus $ 4,400 before .
Indeed , the drug companies are paying part of the difference , but the government is paying far more �� hence the brilliance of the plan for Big Pharma .
Harry can also get all the antibiotics and temporary therapies he wants for 5 cents on the dollar , now that he's in the free zone .
One caveat : " It wo n't be easy to switch from generics to branded drugs because of rules at the insurance companies , and state laws that favor generics , " says Dr. Max Ferm , a distinguished consultant to the drug industry .
But the incentives will shift enormously , not where the White House promised but where the drug industry aimed them : Toward billions upon billions in new spending .
Read Shawn
Tully 's other installments in this series :
4 hidden costs of health care
Obamacare could cost you $ 4,000 a year
Designing the ideal health care system
Do n't like Obamacare ?
Here 's an alternative
The site had been charged with " contributory copyright infringement , " by the Dutch anti-piracy agency , as the site did no direct copyright infringement .
Mininova notably removed links if copyright holders flagged them , but as with all trackers , when one went down , five would take its place , making the whole situation redundant .
The new court decision says Mininova was profiting from " inciting copyright infringement " and made over € 1 million in 2007 on ad sales .
Estimates have said about 90 percent of Mininova content is infringing .
The site must now " adopt proactive filtering " of copyrighted content or face a large fine .
We are open to the public .
If you have any questions please Contact Us Please note : Condition reports are completed by Capital Auto Auction personnel , not by certified mechanics , these are physical condition inspections only .
All items are sold " Sold As - Is with No Representation or Warranty . "
Please inspect , review and bid on all items carefully and accordingly .
Proxy Bidding is available prior to the live auction start time .
MASKS MUST BE WORN AT ALL TIMES WHEN ON THE PROPERTY .
PLEASE MAINTAIN SOCIAL DISTANCING ( 6 ' APART )
Please make sure you have a place to store your vehicles , you wo n't be able to register them until the DMV opens , ( Please check with your state ) .
BID WITH CAUTION !
Scientists using data from the recently - Moon - smacked Kaguya spacecraft have found evidence of radioactive elements on the lunar surface , including , for the first time , uranium !
That ’s pretty cool .
It ’s a little unexpected to me , too .
One of the key aspects of the Moon is that it ’s not as dense as the Earth — in fact , it ’s just a bit more than half the Earth ’s density — so you do n’t expect it to have a lot of denser materials .
Also , dense materials tend to sink and lighter ones float in a liquid , and we know the Moon was once entirely molten .
So most of the uranium ( which is among the densest of all elements ) should be near the Moon ’s core , not on the surface .
Most , but not all .
It appears there is some on the surface !
[ Update : I received some comments and email ( hi Emily ! ) about this .
I was trying to simplify the story about dense stuff sinking and I suppose I left off too much ; of course , since we find uranium on the Earth ’s surface it ca n’t all sink down .
Basically , uranium likes to bind with oxygen , and that makes it into a less dense molecule which does n’t just drop all the way down to the core , and that ’s why it can be found on the Earth ’s surface .
I appreciate the comments on this — they keep me honest and usually give me a chance to learn something . ]
moon uranium
The way you detect uranium is by gamma rays ( having an old prospector pan for it probably wo n’t get you far , even if he has a Geiger counter ) .
The nucleus of a uranium atom is packed with protons and neutrons ; Uranium - 238 , for example , has 92 protons and 146 neutrons all coexisting in a little ball .
Because of the weird ways of the quantum mechanical world , this nucleus is unstable , and after a while it spontaneously ejects a little clump of two protons and two neutrons : a helium nucleus , or what ’s called for historical reasons an alpha particle .
Along with this alpha the uranium also emits two gamma rays , photons of light with very high energy .
These photons go screaming off in some random direction .
In this case , enough gamma rays were sent to the then - still - orbiting Kaguya ’s gamma ray detector that it was able to see them .
Different elements decay in different ways , and so they send off gamma rays with different energies , too .
Kaguya ’s detector was built to distinguish between these different gamma rays , and that ’s how the scientists knew they had found uranium .
And it ’s also how they found other elements like thorium , potassium , oxygen , magnesium , silicon , calcium , titanium , and iron , too .
We already knew that there was oxygen and a few of those others on the lunar surface , but this method of mapping from orbit is effective in finding these particular flavors ( OK , isotopes ) of the elements .
What does this mean ?
Practically , not a whole lot for now .
It ’s not like the first astronauts to go back to the Moon will get rich mining uranium , or even have enough to use it for power .
In the future , however , any colonists will have to do large - scale mining to get access to aluminum , oxygen , and other things they need to build and survive on the Moon .
Maybe they ’ll find uranium in useful quantities then .
It ’s not a good reason to go back to the Moon , but it ’s something for future space travelers to remember .
But what this does do is give us more clues into the birth , history , and evolution of the Moon ; how it ’s changed since it formed over 4 billion years ago .
We ’re pretty sure the Moon formed when a Mars - sized object slammed into the Earth , and the ejecta coalesced into our satellite .
But we can always learn more details , and those help us understand just how this happened , and what has changed since .
More knowledge is always good .
You never know where it may lead .
This is another step in understanding the Moon , and one day it ’ll be the home for a lot of people .
The more we know , the better .
Prospector image from ToOliver2 ’s Flickr photostream .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/tooliver/
/ CC BY 2.0
Germany has made its choice .
It voted the grand coalition out of office with a bang , consigning the Social Democrats to the political abyss .
Only ruins remain of the once - proud Gerhard Schröder 's SPD .
Despite a clear win for the center - right , the Christian Democrats ( CDU ) did not escape unscathed .
But while their losses were moderate , CDU 's Bavarian sister - party , the CSU , experienced a debacle second only to the Social Democrats .
So it looks like SPD hit rock bottom , CSU is in freefall , and CDU the worse for wear .
The clear winners are Guido Westerwelle and his Liberal party , followed by the Left , and the Greens - all three of which got their highest vote count ever .
But the reality is a bit more complicated .
The clearest winner is Angela Merkel .
The chancellor played for high stakes , seemingly against the odds , and hit the jackpot .
Unlike her party , she is now stronger than ever .
So will we see a new Merkel , a chancellor who , freed from the restraints of SPD in the governing coalition , will be more decisive , reformist , and willing to take political risks ?
Do n't bet on it .
Merkel barely avoided political oblivion in the last general election , after the CDU had embraced market radicalism and then campaigned on it in 2005 .
Her savior came in the unlikely form of the then Social Democratic Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , whose wild performance on election night handed her the chancellorship .
To be sure , fortune and success are inseparable in politics .
But Merkel has n't tried to press her luck since then .
On the contrary , she has unflinchingly steered the CDU towards the left , because she learned three things from the CDU 's election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005 : Germans do n't want to go to war , do n't think much of economic reform , and are mostly to the left of the CDU / CSU .
Merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the FDP , which would attract voters dissatisfied with the CDU 's leftward turn , but then join in a CDU - led coalition .
At the same time , by moving to the left , Merkel ousted the SPD from the political center - where elections are won and lost in Germany - while still being able to form a workable majority in the new five - party system without risking new coalition constellations and fierce internal conflict .
In other words , the secret of Merkel 's election victory was to secure a majority for the center - right in order to pursue , more or less , a center - left policy agenda .
A change of tack by Merkel now would merely reinvigorate the devastated SPD .
To be sure , the " black and yellow " CDU - FDP coalition will make some policy corrections - slowing the nuclear phase - out , cosmetic changes to the tax system , etc. - in order not to disappoint parts of their constituency and economic supporters .
But there will be no clear - cut change in policy direction .
That said , governing will hardly be a cinch for Merkel .
In the coming years , she will face the economic crisis , increasing unemployment , mounting public debt , and demographic challenges at home , as well as tough foreign - policy choices in Afghanistan , Iran , Pakistan and the Middle East .
Moreover , with the grand coalition gone , she will no longer be able to blame SDP 's obstructionism for her inaction .
Indeed , Merkel 's room for maneuver will be reduced .
Until now , Merkel had to deal with a weak or non-existent opposition .
This will change very quickly , particularly given the possibility of NATO troop increases in Afghanistan .
From now on , she will require a trait that she has lacked so far : leadership and decision - making skills .
The victory of black and yellow has , moreover , defined the alternative : red , dark red , and green .
The political camps of old - left and right - are back for the time being .
If this situation prevails beyond 2013 , the SPD will face an unenviable challenge .
It will have to manage a realignment that includes a possible coalition with the Left at the federal level , but without moving too far to the left in policy terms .
The SPD , together with the Greens , will have to take the fight to the political center , which precludes competing with the Left for fringe voters .
Moreover , the Left - a party that is descended from the former East Germany 's ruling Communists and Social Democratic dissenters - will have to play ball by embracing political realism .
The best way to achieve this is through the Left 's participation in regional ( länder ) governments .
But it is difficult to predict whether such a division of labor with the disenchanted former Social Democrat Oskar Lafontaine will be possible .
And the Greens ?
Their part in such a constellation will be to represent middle - class and ecologically oriented voters .
If , however , a scramble towards the left occurs within the left camp , the Greens would stand to lose , as would their most likely coalition partners .
A Personal ‘ Nuclear Posture Review ’
THE DEPROLIFERATOR —
When viewed on film , a nuclear weapons test might strike the discerning eye as a rip in the very fabric of existence .
While one might view a supernova in the same light , not only does n’t the explosion of a star occur within the confines of a planet , but in an entire galaxy .
Furthermore , a supernova is ultimately a creative force that leads to the formation of new stars .
By contrast , a nuclear explosion is a “ destroyer of worlds , ” as Robert Oppenheimer famously described the first test , Trinity .
He prefaced that expression with the words “ I am become Death , ” from the Bhagavad Gita .
In fact , viewing a nuclear explosion can induce a variety of religious experience ( apologies to William James ) .
We ’re engulfed by the sight of the mushroom cloud unfurling and billowing in slow , majestic motion .
An inner peace obtains .
Never mind that it ’s as insidious as being aroused by a snuff film .
Besides a break in the space - time continuum , nuclear weapons were a leap forward in the weapons - development continuum .
But it was n’t long before they could be filed under the category of watch out what you wish for .
Once the Pentagon and policy makers began coming to their senses , they realized that the larger , strategic weapons were , to understate the case , impractical .
Even smaller , tactical weapons intended for battlefield use remained on the shelf because they failed to prove immune to the atomic and , especially , the hydrogen bomb ’s point - of - no - return taint .
Hawks , however , seem oblivious to how far nuclear weapons have fallen — from the ultimate weapon to cold storage .
Deterrence may make it all worthwhile to hawks , but , in fact , it reduces a nuclear - weapons program to a shotgun behind our national - security door .
Not that much of the American public has a problem with deterrence .
After all , what ’s behind the door in many American households is an assault rifle .
Not only are we accustomed to overkill , we like our retaliation massive ( our actual nuclear policy for a brief period in the 50s ) .
In fact , the quantum leap in weaponry that the development of nuclear weapons represents is an opportunity for those of us opposed to them to examine the very nature of war itself .
After all , what are nuclear weapons if not war writ large ?
But , as with other weapons remarkable for their brutality , such as land mines and cluster bombs , an obstacle to comprehending their meaning is just as inherent in them as the opportunity .
In other words , the immediacy of the threat makes stop - gap measures imperative .
These not only mitigate against reflection , but make it seem like impotent musing .
Yet one ca n’t help but wonder if those who favor proliferation , deterrence , or even an attenuated disarmament understand a key characteristic of humans .
Not only are n’t most of us equipped to survive in a post - apocalypse world , we ’re incapable of imagining it .
Meanwhile , the Pentagon has become less bullish about nuclear weapons , if only out of frustration with how hamstrung their use is by constraints .
But the military is traditionally buoyed by its reflexive belief that the country with the most powerful weapons will prevail , as well as a professed willingness to die for its country .
Policy makers too may feel some insulation from the consequences of their decisions .
They could swear they heard somewhere about an atomic shelter for the federal government .
Unfortunately for them , while it existed — in West Virginia — it closed in 1995 .
Also , their sites set on the big picture , their own vulnerability eludes them , as do national doubts about starting the human project over after a nuclear holocaust .
More to the point , though , inadequately informed about nuclear weapons , they ’ve become complacent about their risk since the end of the Cold War .
Those of us opposed to nuclear weapons need to take care lest hawks and self - described realists consign us to ideological exile , where we ’d be neither seen nor heard .
Usually it ’s a mistake to allow members of the latter two groups to dictate the terms of the debate .
But , in this case , it might prove advantageous to try seeing things from their point of view .
First , we need to stop acting horrified by nuclear weapons ’ capacity for destruction .
While , in truth , assimilating nuclear weapons into a national defense strategy may have been making a deal with the devil , to the military , they were a tool devoid of moral implications .
Conservative civilians , however , have fewer qualms about viewing nuclear weapons as not only not immoral , but moral , because , to them , the loss of American lives is tolerable if it ’s in the service of our national freedom myth .
Unfortunately , refraining from making value judgments can only take us so far because the two arguments currently most popular with nuclear weapons advocates are tough to defeat by reason .
First , there ’s that old standby , deterrence , in response to which one might argue , “ What about that one accident ? ”
As Mohamed ElBaradei can attest , “ the mere existence of nuclear weapons exponentially increased the risk that they ’d end up being used either intentionally or unintentionally . ”
Even Robert McNamara said , “ It can be confidently predicted that the combination of human fallibility and nuclear arms will inevitably lead to nuclear destruction . ”
Apparently , to conservatives , our good fortune in eluding disaster thus far is sufficient indicator that our luck will hold .
If it ’s not broke , do n’t fix it is the conservative default position , immune to reason .
But , their second argument has logic on its side .
It runs something like this :
If the world goes to zero nukes , that leaves the United States at the mercy of a sole state , or non-state actor , that manages to rustle up just one bomb .
Even if the weapons are retained but disassembled , in the time required to assemble them , the aggressor , armed and ready , can launch or detonate a nuclear weapon .
In the process of trying to win arguments like these , we may come to doubt ourselves .
Our argument of last resort becomes , well , nuclear weapons just feel like an offense against nature .
Perhaps responding to them with our gut is inevitable because ultimately it ’s a nation ’s emotional state that determines whether it ’s moving toward or away from proliferation .
On the one hand , the national egos of Pakistan and India were swollen with pride after their first nuclear tests .
On the other , a movie , The Day After , helped to pave the way for the Nuclear Freeze movement in the 80s , as well as crystallize Ronald Reagan ’s opposition to nuclear weapons .
Thus does disarmament also depend on the kindness of presidents , such as the present one .
In fact , Barack Obama would do us all a service if he framed disarmament as honoring the sainted Reagan ’s legacy and realizing his dream of a world free of nuclear weapons .
Nuclear Weapons Hold a Mirror up to War
Earlier I suggested that the urgency of nonroliferation distracts us from the broader subject to which nuclear weapons defer : war itself .
Once we discover just how protracted the struggle is , though , we realize that reflecting on the nature of war is no longer a luxury , but a necessity if humanity wishes to avoid remaining boxed into a corner with weapons of mass destruction .
Sometimes it seems as if what characterizes those who believe war is inevitable , as opposed to those who do n’t , is what can either be described as an insensitivity to , or the maturity to accept , the loss of life in large numbers .
After all , to the public , one of the most critical functions of a leader is to bear the consequences of agreed - upon policies on their consciences for the sake of all of us .
In fact , the unconscious reason that much of the public exhibits a distinct lack of enthusiasm for prosecuting George Bush and Dick Cheney is because they shouldered that burden ( and because we , in bestowing upon them that awesome responsibility , are complicit ) .
Speaking for myself , I keep tripping over the corpse of a citizen of Hiroshima , who , after the bombing , blinded and skin peeling , stumbles towards the river before collapsing .
Those of us who ca n’t get past that one death are , perforce , disqualified from a seat at the policy table .
Why not just use this as more incentive to examine the origins of war instead ?
Meanwhile , rooting out the causes of war is really one for the behavioral sciences .
However obvious , it bears repeating that those who instigate war or terrorist acts are taking out on others the indignities perpetrated on them by their families and societies .
The Swiss psychotherapist and author Alice Miller writes : “ The total neglect or trivialization of the childhood factor operative in the context of violence .
. . sometimes leads to explanations that are not only unconvincing and abortive but actively deflect attention away from the genuine roots of violence . ”
Meanwhile , Lloyd deMause , one of the founders of psychohistory , has written that psychological , as well as anthropological , research has shown that “ the more traumatic one ’s childhood , the more one is likely to be in favor of military solutions to social problems . ”
In fact , he writes , “ A childhood more or less free from [ violence and sexual abuse ] is in fact a very late historical achievement , limited to a few fortunate children in a few modern nations . ”
Those “ few fortunate children ” need to compound the “ late historical achievement ” by enlightening others if , as another psychohistorian , Jerrold Atlas , writes , they wish to end the “ race between too slowly improving childrearing and too fast evolving destructive technology . ”
Chances are , the fewer citizens whose childhoods are marked by abuse in any form , the fewer policy makers and military commanders to whom strategies that put enormous numbers of individuals in harm ’s way make sense .
Also , it ’s true that the American public is altogether too complacent about U.S. intervention in other states .
But the significance of the lack of tolerance for large numbers of casualties — even if only our own — that has emerged on our part since the Vietnam War is a development that ca n’t be underestimated .
Slowly but surely , not only the United States , but much of the world , seems to be walking back the number of deaths it accepts in the interest of national defense .
This is paralleled by what ’s become a decided trend — however subject to derailment — toward disarmament among the more developed countries .
But to actually go to zero , as that ungainly phrase would have it , presents the most Gordian of knots .
I dream of another planet where one of its enduring global sagas is the fate of one individual shrouded in the mists of time .
It seems that a couple of millenniums earlier , a human on this planet was murdered .
Lacking redemption , it ’s not their version of the Christ story .
Now imagine nuclear war breaking out on earth .
For eons hence , should humans survive , they would puzzle over how mankind allowed it to happen .
In the same vein , the imaginary planet has spent much of its recorded history trying to figure out how one man could possibly have killed another .
That ’s my idea of going to zero .
First posted at the Faster Times .
26 Jun 2002 @ 01:50 , by Martin Oliver
On July 5th 1932 , in the middle of the Great Depression , the Austrian town of Wörgl made economic history by introducing a remarkable complimentary currency .
Wörgl was in trouble , and was prepared to try anything .
Of its population of 4,500 , a total of 1,500 people were without a job , and 200 families were penniless .
The mayor , Michael Unterguggenberger , had a long list of projects he wanted to accomplish , but there was hardly any money with which to carry them out .
These included repaving the roads , streetlighting , extending water distribution across the whole town , and planting trees along the streets .
Rather than spending the 40,000 Austrian schillings in the town ’s coffers to start these projects off , he deposited them in a local savings bank as a guarantee to back the issue of a type of complimentary currency known as ' stamp scrip ' .
This requires a monthly stamp to be stuck on all the circulating notes for them to remain valid , and in Wörgl , the stamp amounted 1 % of the each note ’s value .
The money raised was used to run a soup kitchen that fed 220 families .
Because nobody wanted to pay what was effectively a hoarding fee , everyone receiving the notes would spend them as fast as possible .
The 40,000 schilling deposit allowed anyone to exchange scrip for 98 per cent of its value in schillings .
This offer was rarely taken up though .
Of all the business in town , only the railway station and the post office refused to accept the local money .
When people ran out of spending ideas , they would pay their taxes early using scrip , resulting in a huge increase in town revenues .
Over the 13 - month period the project ran , the council not only carried out all the intended works projects , but also built new houses , a reservoir , a ski jump , and a bridge .
The people also used scrip to replant forests , in anticipation of the future cashflow they would receive from the trees .
The key to its success was the fast circulation of scrip within the local economy , 14 times higher than the schilling .
This in turn increased trade , creating extra employment .
At the time of the project , Wörgl was the only Austrian town to achieve full employment .
Six neighbouring villages copied the system successfully .
The French Prime Minister , Eduoard Dalladier , made a special visit to see the ' miracle of Wörgl ' .
In January 1933 , the project was replicated in the neighbouring city of Kirchbuhl , and in June 1933 , Unterguggenburger addressed a meeting with representatives from 170 different towns and villages .
Two hundred Austrian townships were interested in adopting the idea .
At this point , the central bank panicked , and decided to assert its monopoly rights by banning complimentary currencies .
The people unsuccessfully sued the bank , and later lost in the Austrian Supreme Court .
It then became a criminal offence to issue ' emergency currency ' .
Unterguggenberger was opposed to both communism and fascism , championing instead what he referred to as ' economic freedom ' .
Therefore , it was deeply ironic that the Wörgl experiment was first branded ' craziness ' by the monetary authorities , then a Communist idea , and some years later as a fascist one .
The town went back to 30 % unemployment .
In 1934 , social unrest exploded across Austria .
In 1938 , when Hitler annexed Austria , he was welcomed by many people as their economic and political saviour .
The 1920's had already seen a scrip currency called the ' wara ' in the German town of Schwanenkirchen .
This saved the town 's economy and kept a coal mine operating .
It started circulating more widely , and became part of a movement called ' Freiwirtschaft ' ( Free Economy ) , based on the ideas of the economist Silvio Gesell .
Central to Gesell 's ideas was the use of a hoarding fee of the kind used in Wörgl ( technically known as ' demurrage ' ) .
The soundness of such an idea was affirmed by John Maynard Keynes in his 1936 work ' General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money ' .
Perhaps the most groundbreaking feature of demurrage is that it is intrinsically anti-inflationary .
Whereas conventional currencies are progressively devalued by interest , anti-inflationary money steadily increases in value .
As each monthly stamp is added , the value of the note effectively increases by the stamp amount .
This is technically equivalent to a negative interest rate .
The present short - term focus of investments , and the consequent lack of long - term vision are exacerbated by interest - driven currency devaluation that , from a profit perspective , reduces the appeal of longer - timescale projects .
The use of a demurrage currency gives an edge to those working for sustainability , because a rate of return is achieved SIMPLY BY LENDING OUT MONEY .
When money is repaid ( remember these are non-interest currencies ) , it will have increased in value owing to the money saved by having avoided paying the monthly demurrage fees .
This has the potential to enable investment in highly benefical but economically marginal activities such as earth repair .
A recommended book that covers scrip currencies and more fully explains this ' negative interest ' principle is Bernard Lietaer 's ' The Future of Money ' ( see Resources ) .
The following three sites also cover demurrage :
[ link ]
[ link ]
[ link ]
In case the ending of the Wörgl story was disempowering , I 'd like to add that the number of complimentary currencies around the world is undergoing an exponential growth .
As of 2000 , there were more than 2,500 in operation , and I expect that the number is still fast - growing .
Local stamp scrip currencies can only work in a country firmly committed to decentralising power .
