Slang Meaning Literal Translation
¿ Qué onda ?
What ´s up
What is the vibe ?
¿ Como va ?
What ´s up
How 's it going ?
¡ No hinches las bolas Don´t bother me !
Don´t swell up the [ my ] balls !
¡ No me rompas las pelotas !
Don´t bother me !
Don´t break my balls !
Piola adj .
Cool people
pelotudo / topo. idiot / asshole big balled
boludo / a stupid big balled
escrachado / escrachar ( verbo ) ashamed
te quiero mucho I love you I want you a lot
Pibe n. Boy Boy
Chabón Guy/ dude
Mina woman Mine
Nabo Stupid , Penis ( Spain ) turnip
Gil adj .
Stupid
Tacho n. Taxi Trash bin
Bondi n. City bus
Pilcha n. Clothes
Garca adj .
Cheater / dishonest ( inverse of cagar : to shit / to screw up )
Langa adj .
Cool person
¡ Che ! Idiomatic
Morfar v. To eat
Charlar v.
To have a conversation , to chat
¡ Ojo !
Be careful !
Look out !
Eye !
Dar bola v.
To pay attention
To give ball
Rajar v.
To go away / to escape To crack
¡ Rajá !
Go away !
Crack !
Pirárselas v.
To go away
Pirado adj .
Crazy gone away
Verso n. a lie a verse
Falopa n. Drugs / marijuana
Botón n. Squealer / tattle - tale Button
la Cana n. The Police the white hair
Estar en cana
To be imprisoned
Trolo adj ./n. Homosexual ( male )
Re ...( prefix ) Very
Torrar v.
To sleep
Guita n. money
Guacho adj ./n. Son of a bitch Orphan
Guarango adj .
Obscene
1 Mango n. 1 Peso ( currency unit )
Baranda n. Bad smell
Concha n Vagina Shell , Clam
Y la puta que te re parió ( like ) Go to hell !
And the slut / bitch that gave birth to you
pajero masturbator , es mentiroso o exajerado en Honduran ( watch out for the accent  )
puto fag homosexual / can be offensive
el colectivo n the bus
el subte the subway
una pavada something stupid or easy
una gata / un gato prostitute / slut a cat
un piropo a flirty comment
afanar v to steal / rob
una fiaca a laziness / lack of desire to do something
una luca 1000 pesos
laburo a job
chorro a thief
un quilombo a mess
¿ Qué contás ?
What 's up ?
trucho / a fake
Today , in the class I TA - I had about 5 students on facebook , another 2 texting , a bunch checking their email , 1 playing tetris , 1 reading the sports , and another reading the nytimes .
It drove me mad .
One on facebook was even looking at pictures of girls in their bras .
After class , one student had the nerve to tell me he should be allowed to be on the internet in class because he takes good notes and has an A in the class ( if he was in my section , trust me - he would no longer have an A ) .
All of this frustration ( and I teach at an Ivy League school ) - got me thinking , when I 'm the head instructor - what can I do ?
Our university does n't have the option to turn off the internet .
Do I just ban laptops ?
Is there anything else I can do ?
How do I keep my students off the internet during lecture ?
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Lindsay Lohan does not have a film shoot in Texas next month , contrary to what the actress 's lawyer told a judge Monday , according to a movie studio .
Lohan 's lawyer , Shawn Chapman Holley , asked Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel to reconsider ordering Lohan to wear an alcohol - detecting ankle bracelet because it would interfere with her filming .
" Miss Lohan has indicated to me that she has been told that there are scenes she must reshoot for the ' Machete ' film , " Holley told CNN Tuesday .
" I believe her and , for that reason , I mentioned it to the judge . "
But a spokesman for 20th Century Fox told CNN Tuesday that " Machete " is well into post - production already and no reshoots are scheduled .
Lohan was cast as the daughter of the title character in the film , which is expected to hit theaters in early September .
Judge Revel was not swayed by Holley 's appeal .
She said the 23 - year - old actress must remain in the Los Angeles area so she will be available for random drug testing .
" It 's going to be drug testing here , " meaning in California , Revel said .
The SCRAM ( Secure Continuous Remote Alcohol Monitoring ) ankle bracelet and random drug tests were among several new bail conditions imposed on Lohan by the judge until there is a probation revocation hearing on July 6 .
Revel also prohibited Lohan from drinking alcohol or missing any weekly alcohol counseling sessions .
The SCRAM bracelet samples perspiration on the skin every half hour to detect if the wearer has ingested alcohol , according to an online fact sheet posted by its maker , Alcohol Monitoring Systems Inc .
The bracelet collects data and transmits it to a monitoring location .
Random drug testing was ordered because of previous evidence that Lohan was under the influence of cocaine , Revel said last week .
It was Lohan 's alleged failure to attend alcohol counseling classes , ordered after a 2007 drunken driving conviction , that landed her back in court this month .
Holley told Revel that Lohan missed her session last week because her uncle died .
" Did she go to the funeral ? " Revel asked .
" She did not , " Holley answered .
Lohan 's failure to show up for court as ordered last Thursday prompted the judge then to rule there was " probable cause to believe ( Lohan ) is in violation of probation . "
Holley told the judge that Lohan was unable to catch a flight from France two days earlier because she had lost her passport at the Cannes Film Festival .
Prosecutor Danette Meyers on Monday asked for proof that Lohan had a ticket to fly back to the United States in time for last week 's hearing .
Holley said she has the proof and will show it to the court .
During last week 's hearing , the judge revoked Lohan 's probation , issued an arrest warrant and imposed the new conditions .
" I warned her before , " Revel said .
" She knew it was very serious . "
Lohan was not arrested when she finally arrived in Los Angeles from France Saturday because her $ 100,000 bond had already been posted .
Lohan traveled to France last week to promote her newest movie role as 1970s porn star Linda Lovelace .
She was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence and in the second incident also was charged with cocaine possession .
The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes - Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills .
Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehab facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car .
CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .
Have an event or trade show coming up ?
You have come to the right place !
Extreme Marquees has a huge range of printed gazebos and marquees .
Whether you need a small gazebo , large gazebo , printed gazebo , or event tent we have you covered !
Extreme Marquees is Australia ’s leading supplier of custom printed promotional gazebos .
With both digital paper sublimation and UV printing processes available Extreme Marquees can guarantee your gazebo will be full of colour and attract attention to you and your company .
Do n’t need printing ?
That ’s fine as well .
Our gazebos are all commercial standard and built tough .
They are engineered to last and are perfect for any commercial or recreational use .
Plain tops and side walls come in a range of colours and a full spectrum of accessories are available .
Need something bigger ?
Extreme Marquees produces some of the largest event marquees in Australia .
Extreme Marquee event tents are perfect for large functions and events .
Event marquees can be built to virtually any size .
Want to learn more about Extreme Marquees ?
Find out at About Us .
U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan By Jose Luis Magana ,
AP
WASHINGTON  A top prospect for the Supreme Court was a paid member of an advisory panel for the embattled investment firm Goldman Sachs , federal financial disclosures show .
Solicitor General Elena Kagan was a member of the Research Advisory Council of the Goldman Sachs Global Markets Institute , according to the financial disclosures she filed when President Obama appointed her last year to her current post .
Kagan served on the Goldman panel from 2005 through 2008 , when she was dean of Harvard Law School , and received a $ 10,000 stipend for her service in 2008 , her disclosure forms show .
A spokesman for Goldman Sachs did not respond to requests for comment Monday .
SHORT LIST : See bios of possible nominees
The advisory panel met once a year to discuss public policy issues and was not involved in any investment decisions , Justice Department spokesman Tracy Schmaler said .
Kagan , the administration 's top lawyer before the high court , has been named in news reports as a possible replacement for retiring Justice John Paul Stevens .
Last year , Obama interviewed her for the high court seat now held by Sonia Sotomayor .
If Kagan is nominated to replace Stevens , senators will scrutinize those ties to Goldman Sachs , said Northwestern University law professor Lee Epstein .
" One side will pick apart anything a nominee has done , " said Epstein , who co-wrote a book on the politics of judicial nominations .
" Here , Goldman Sachs does n't have a lot of fans .
It may make things more complicated for her . "
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil lawsuit against Goldman Sachs earlier this month , accusing the financial giant of failing to disclose important information about an investment it sold in 2007 that was tied to subprime mortgages .
The SEC lawsuit alleges investors lost $ 1 billion and that Goldman Sachs did n't tell them it had packaged the mortgages at the request of a hedge fund manager who bet the housing bubble would burst .
Goldman Sachs insists it did nothing wrong .
CEO Lloyd Blankfein will testify today before a Senate panel that the company did not bet against its clients .
The Global Markets Institute , Goldman Sachs ' public policy research unit , was not involved in the conduct being challenged by the SEC .
The council Kagan served on is a group of outside experts called on to organize discussions and examine public policy issues .
The institute provides analysis and advice to Goldman Sachs and its clients .
Although Goldman 's executives have been generous political donors , particularly to Democrats , some lawmakers are trying to distance themselves from that link .
One example : Republican Rep. Mark Kirk , who is running for the Senate in Illinois , announced he will return more than $ 20,000 in campaign contributions linked to Goldman Sachs .
( CNN ) --
If the title alone is n't enough to make you squirm , a brief rundown of the premise for the indie horror movie , " The Human Centipede , " certainly will .
Any film involving three humans sharing a single digestive tract obviously is n't aiming to be easy on the eyes .
Yet director / writer Tom Six 's portrayal of a crazed surgeon who takes his skills at separating conjoined twins and uses them to create his own living human insect has left some critics appalled that it was even created ; venerated critic Roger Ebert did n't think his star rating system was even applicable .
" No horror film I 've seen inflicts more terrible things on its victims than ' The Human Centipede , ' " Ebert wrote in his review .
" The star rating system is unsuited to this film .
Is the movie good ?
Is it bad ?
Does it matter ?
It is what it is and it occupies a world where the stars do n't shine . "
These kind of reviews -- filled with cautious synopses that often start with " warning , if you have a weak stomach , stop reading " -- is also exactly the kind of thing that piques the curiosity of fans of horror or " torture porn , " although " Centipede " is thought to be such a psychologically challenging picture that it 's almost outside of that category , said Rachel Belofsky , director of movie festival Screamfest L.A .
" It 's definitely gut - wrenching , but I do n't put it in that category .
Torture porn is more graphic [ violence ] , like in ' Saw , ' and ' Hostel , ' and it 's typically viewable multiple times , " Belofsky explained .
People who watch movies within this gory horror sub - genre " are going to see the blood and guts , and they 're trying to see what creative ways people are getting tortured . "
While the creativity qualification is fulfilled , " Centipede " is different from its torturous predecessors in that the gore is implied rather than shown , asking the audience to use their imaginations and thus creating a more personal , and thereby uncomfortable , viewing experience .
" It 's certainly less gory than ' Saw ' or the ' Hostel ' movies .
Despite the fact that it 's explicit , the uncomfortable moments are because of what you imagine could happen , " said Las Vegas Weekly film critic [ LINK ] and FilmCritic.com contributor Josh Bell .
There 's a moment when the first person in the centipede line - up needs to defecate , and the audience is left imagining what the second person in the centipede is going through .
Moments like those are what made even the most die - hard fans leave the Screamfest viewing craving a shower and having not an inkling of a desire to sit through the movie again , Belofsky said .
And yet , she added , they 'll still " tell their friends that they have to see it because it 's so messed up . "
Having a desire to watch the movie in the first place may befuddle those who are n't fans of the genre , but for many moviegoers who enjoy a good scare or thriller , part of the interest to watch even the incredibly depraved is to satisfy a curiosity , said Kendall Phillips , Syracuse University Chair of the Department of Communication and Rhetorical research who wrote " Projected Fears : Horror Films and American Culture . "
The movie has that train wreck or car crash quality that -- sort of like with the viral video " Two Girls , One Cup " -- we crane our necks to get a better view even though we end up wishing we had n't .
Secondly , Phillips said , there 's a problem - solving pleasure at work .
" We watch these films because we have to figure out how they get resolved .
In torture porn , there 's the guy strapped to a chair and he has a drill coming to his head and you 're trying to think , ' how in the world is he going to get out of it ? '
We still have that hope of restoring something like normal and figuring out how you get past this point . "
With films that rely less on a body count and more on extended displays of violence or sadism , sometimes people -- particularly adolescent males -- want to watch so they can say they lasted through the viewing , said Indiana University associate professor of telecommunications Andrew Weaver , who has studied the physiological and psychological effects of watching something frightening or disturbing .
" It 's not that people like it -- the natural reaction to this kind of movie is fear and disgust , " Weaver said .
" The gratification comes from pushing yourself and proving to yourself what you can take . "
While Phillips believes torture porn is correlated with a post - 9/11 culture and its corresponding images of wartime violence , Weaver believes this type of movie , in which death is the resolution and not the climax , has been around for ages .
" When I was in high school , what was very popular among the adolescent males was this series called ' Faces of Death . '
It was real - life images of murder , and it was gruesome and gory and disturbing even more so than some of these torture porn movies because it was real , " Weaver recalled .
Now , Weaver said , " We have so many more ways to gain access to this kind of stuff .
' Faces of Death ' was something that you had to get underground copies of , and now you can find that kind of stuff on the Internet pretty easily . "
As a result , " maybe the filmmakers constantly have to push the idea [ of torture ] more to get that same audience 's attention , " he added .
The strong reaction to this film , then , " might be the fact that we 're more discomforted that someone might defecate in our mouths than someone might cut off our limbs .
It 's a more visceral revulsion , " Bell said .
There are horror flicks going straight to DVD every week that offer a plethora of individuals being hacked limb from limb by one crazed person or another , but the sharing of a gastric system is one that you do n't come across , Bell said , and in that sense , yes , the filmmaker did something truly innovative .
But , he added , we can't say it 's the limit to torture porn just yet .
" It 's foolish to say of any movie that this is the furthest we 'll ever go .
Someone will see this movie and say , ' I can do more disgusting and more disturbing , ' and they 'll go out and do it .
We can't necessarily imagine it right now , but it will happen , " Bell said .
" It may happen in the sequel to this movie . "
Yep , you read that right -- there are plans to make a sequel to " The Human Centipede " with four times the number of victims , and odds are that someone , somewhere , will be curious enough to watch it .
— The risks of texting while driving are obvious , but that does n't stop some people from sending text messages while behind the wheel .
Texting while driving became against the law in North Carolina last December .
But enforcing the texting - while - driving ban has become a law enforcement challenge .
Since the law took effect , the state Highway Patrol has issued two citations in Wake County , while troopers in Durham County have written one .
" It ’s an excellent law ; it 's just that a trooper has to articulate that a person is in fact texting and not looking at their phone number or making a phone call , " Highway Patrol spokesman Sgt. Jeff Gordon said .
Under the law , drivers are supposed to either pull over or wait until they have stopped their vehicle before texting or sending an e-mail .
" It is bad .
I know it 's unsafe , but if you 've got to text , you 've got to text , ” 21 - year - old Nadia Hedgley said .
Hedgley and 21 - year - old Alicia Tegen are among the people who are still flipping open cell phones and glancing down to type .
" There have been times when I ’ve texted , and I ’ve realized I ’m getting up too close to a car , ” Tegen said .
Troopers recommend that habitual text - messagers turn their cell phone off while driving to eliminate the temptation to respond to a text .
But despite the dangers , some people have shown that they are n't willing to stop texting while driving
" I have seen people texting and driving at the same time , following too close , erratic driving .
So it is a distraction .
It is a problem , " Gordon said .
Some drivers say they are more aware since the law went in to effect , but still are n't obeying it .
" I just do n't want to get caught and I ’m making sure that someone 's not running into me , ” Tegen said .
" If I ’m on a straight road and I do n't need to turn anytime soon , I ’ll just like put it ( phone ) in front of me and type , ” Hedgley said .
Troopers say the law is making a difference , however .
" A lot of it has to do with awareness .
It could be us getting the word out there to people , " Gordon said .
Since last December , troopers have issued 71 texting - while - driving tickets statewide .
Among all law enforcement agencies , including police officers , sheriff 's deputies and troopers , more than 220 citations have been issued since the law went into effect .
Violators face a $ 100 fine , plus court costs .
OTTAWA — Rahim Jaffer sought $ 100 million in federal government funds for a company that he and a Toronto business associate were hoping to take public in a $ 1 billion deal , the Star has learned .
The latest revelation came the same day that Jaffer , a former Conservative MP , endured a bruising session before a Commons committee that saw a withering cast - off by his one - time Tory colleagues and damning allegations from opposition MPs of influence peddling and drug possession .
After listening to Jaffer , the committee demanded information on attempts by his company Green Power Generation to obtain federal grants for several companies .
Jaffer ’s business partner Patrick Glemaud initially refused to reveal the companies behind the three proposals he submitted to Conservative MP Brian Jean , parliamentary secretary to Transport Minister John Baird , who administered the $ 1 billion Green infrastructure fund .
Then Glemaud claimed he could “ not recall . ”
But the Star obtained copies of the three proposals last night , revealing that Jaffer ’s firm had gone to bat for Green Rite Solutions , an arm of Wright Tech Systems .
The Star has previously reported that Jaffer and Toronto businessman Nazim Gillani were involved in a plan to take Wright Tech public in a $ 1 - billion deal , which later fell through .
It ’s also a company that Jaffer ’s wife , then cabinet minister Helena Guergis , touted to Simcoe County officials in a letter , urging them to consider “ this presentation of alternative waste management technology . ”
Guergis has denied any conflict of interest , saying she wrote the letter only “ after assuring myself that my husband had absolutely no business links or financial interest in ( Wright Tech Systems ) ” .
Jaffer tried to insist that he did not have a hand in submitting the proposals to Jean ’s office .
Yet handwritten across the top of one is , “ From Rahim . ”
The late - day revelations marked another blow against Jaffer , who had hoped to use the committee appearance to fight back against claims of improper lobbying .
Instead , he was looking shell - shocked as he found himself in the crosshairs of all parties for two hours , with the Conservatives charging that he had sullied them all .
“ Do you believe and understand that your actions have tarnished the reputation of politicians from all parties — do you get that ? ”
Conservative MP
Tom Lukiwski asked Jaffer at the end of the grueling two - hour trial by fire on Parliament Hill .
“ I ’m quite surprised and shocked that I ’m sort of being treated in this capacity , ” answered the one - time Conservative caucus chair , reminding Lukiwski that Jaffer had ridden to power in Ottawa with the rest of the Harper team on a vow to clean up politics .
But Jaffer was repeatedly blasted as he sought to defuse the controversy that erupted around him and his wife , former cabinet minister Helena Guergis , after a Toronto Star article on Jaffer in early April painted a picture of alleged cocaine use , parties with busty hookers and ties to associates engaged in questionable business practices .
NDP MP Pat Martin led the charge , accusing Jaffer of improper lobbying and even questioning whether the former Conservative MP got a bag of cocaine as payment .
In a sharp exchange , Martin took issue with Jaffer ’s claims that his contacts with Conservative MPs did not constitute lobbying .
“ How could you not think that the work you were doing does n’t fit into the category of lobbying , ” said Martin , saying that Jaffer ’s own website touted his countless relationships from his former political career .
“ I do n’t know what ’s wrong with your ethical radar personally that some alarm did n’t go off in your head and say ‘ I ’m crossing a line here ’ , ” Martin said .
Although describing Jaffer in friendly terms , Martin made no attempt to disguise his loathing over allegations that the former Conservative was using his political connections to drum up business .
“ As soon as you got the opportunity , you got your nose in the trough , worse than the people you used to vilify , ” Martin said .
Until Wednesday , Jaffer has declined to speak publicly about the controversy that led Prime Minister Stephen Harper to dump Guergis from cabinet and the Tory caucus and call in the Mounties .
Shifting from remorse to defiance and , finally , resignation , Jaffer maintained that neither he nor Guergis had engaged in any illegal or unethical behaviour .
“ We ’re completely being hung out to dry without any real evidence that we ’ve done anything wrong , ” Jaffer told MPs at one point .
He is a victim of “ vicious attacks ” and “ second - hand allegations ... rumour and innuendo , ” Jaffer , 38 , said .
“ All of this based on political agendas that have been playing fast and furious with people ’s reputations , destroying their lives without any basis in fact . ”
But Jaffer did apologize for his “ poor judgment ” last September when he was stopped by police and charged with drunk driving and cocaine possession .
He pleaded guilty to careless driving – the other charges were withdrawn .
“ I do want to state for the record that I have never partaken in any illegal substance .
Nor have I ever endorsed this type of behaviour , ” he said .
He apologized to his former political colleagues and his family for the episode , saying it was “ out of character ” and singled out Guergis .
“ She ’s the most important person in my life and I love her dearly , ” he said .
“ It ’s very unfortunate that her good name has been dragged into my problems . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Jaffer was testifying before a Commons committee looking into allegations of lobbying by a company he co-founded with Glemaud , a former Conservative candidate .
A Toronto Star investigation revealed that Jaffer dined with Gillani last September , who later sent a message to associates boasting “ Mr. Jaffer has opened up the Prime Minister ’s office to us . ”
It was on the drive home from that dinner that Jaffer was stopped by police .
“ You say you did n’t receive any money for services rendered from any client .
Did he give you that cocaine as part of your payment for services to be rendered , ” Martin asked .
Glemaud immediately intervened , saying he objected to the questions , forcing committee chair Yasmin Ratansi to ask him to “ calm down . ”
Jaffer snapped back at Martin , “ You ’re not the judge and jury .
. . .
It will be clear we have n’t done anything wrong . ”
He told MPs that he and Gillani were not friends and that soon after meeting the Toronto businessman , it became clear that Gillani ’s and Jaffer ’s companies “ were not convergent . ”
Yet Martin went after the “ serious contradiction ” between their two interpretations of how the meeting went .
“ You left with a feeling of no synergy and a pocketful of cocaine .
He was left with the opinion that you guys were going to be great business partners and it was full steam ahead and next stop the PMO , ” Martin said .
Among the other revelations :
• Jaffer says he never boasted about being able to open doors in the Prime Minister ’s office .
“ Anyone who knows how this place works knows that no one has access to the Prime Minister ’s office , ” Jaffer told the committee .
• Jaffer denied misusing his wife ’s parliamentary office resources .
The ex-MP says he did store boxes of documents in her office after his defeat in 2008 and the loss of his own office .
And while he had a Blackberry from his wife ’s office , he used it only to check to her schedule .
He says his business dealings were carried out at his own office .
• Jaffer denied that he had financial holdings in Belize , contradicting claims .
“ I have no interests in Belize . . . . this is complete rumour and innuendo . ”
He told MPs his environmental company had not received any government grants and had not been paid to lobby public officials .
He conceded that he had met socially with MPs since his election defeat in 2008 but only to “ catch up . ”
“ Obviously , people would be curious as to the type of career I was embarking upon .
I would update them on the work we were doing , trying to build a new business , ” Jaffer said .
“ This would be the extent of conversations as it related to my business affairs , ” he said .
In fact , Jaffer said his and Glemaud ’s company , Green Power Generation , had not received any revenues yet .
He said the firm is running on “ blood , sweat and tears ” and “ our own capital . ”
Jaffer , 38 , who lost his parliamentary seat in the 2008 election , co-founded Green Power Generation along with Glemaud , a Conservative candidate for Ottawa - Vanier in the 2008 federal election .
Read more about :
Bear with me while I vent for a moment .
On financial reform , there are clear villains in the political process : Mitch McConnell , the US Chamber of Commerce , etc. .
But at this point I ’m accustomed to that sort of thing .
What ’s frustrating is the way people who favor reform keep getting pulled off into side issues and obvious misinterpretations .
If you want to push too - big - to - fail as a key issue , fine ; but please do n’t say that resolution authority is encouraging too - big - to - fail , because we do n’t have anything like that for smaller banks .
Aside from the fact that you ’re lending aid and comfort to Mitch McConnell , it ’s just not true : the whole point of resolution authority is to recreate for shadow banks the same kind of authority the FDIC already has for smaller , old - fashioned banks .
If you want to argue that Wall Street is corrupt , fine ; but do n’t use emails showing Goldman employees crowing over their success in shorting housing — which is ugly but does n’t amount to wrongdoing — to make your point .
( Use the rating - agency emails instead ; S&P may not be a vampire squid , but it did enormous harm ) .
If you want to condemn Obama administration officials for being too Wall - Street friendly , fine — but do n’t charge those officials with outright corruption , of sharing private information with Wall Street , unless you have some real evidence ; and do n’t pretend that potential Greek default , which has many fathers , proves your point .
My sense is that too many people are taking the easy route of going for the cheap slogans instead of thinking things through ; and some people are pushing their signature issues even when the evidence clearly shows that they ’re wrong .
And we ca n’t afford that kind of self - indulgence .
( CookingLight.com ) --
Some nutrition myths bounce around on crazy e-mail chain letters and pop up on goofy evening news reports .
Others fuel the sale of rip - off diet books .
Some are so accepted they seem hardwired into our brains .
Take deep - fried foods , for example .
They 're universally bad for you , right ?
Well , no .
When we challenged ourselves to explore whether fried foods could be made healthy , we discovered that , when done properly , fried foods do n't have to be forever banished from a healthy diet .
The exercise inspired us to take on some other ingrained nutrition misconceptions .
We talked with leading nutrition researchers , chefs , and food scientists and did some sleuthing of our own to debunk 10 myths so you can enjoy many once - forbidden foods without that old familiar twinge of guilt .
CookingLight.com : Spring clean your diet
Myth 1 .
Added sugar is always bad for you .
Truth :
Use the sweet stuff to ensure that sugar calories are far from " empty " calories .
Sugar is essential in the kitchen .
Consider all that it does for baking , creating a tender cake crumb and ensuring crisp cookies .
Then there 's its role in creating airy meringue or soft - textured ice cream .
Keep in mind that other sweeteners like " natural " honey are basically refined sugar anyway and they are all metabolized by your body the same way , as 4 calories per gram .
Sugar also balances the flavors in healthy foods that might not taste so great on their own .
Do n't go overboard , of course .
Most health experts suggest that added sugar supply no more than 10 percent of your total calories -- about 200 in a 2,000 - calorie diet .
Good news : A little sugar can go a long way .
Adding a wee bit of sugar to balance a too - tart tomato sauce is a good thing ; so is a teaspoon of honey on a tart grapefruit half or in plain yogurt .
" Add a little bit of sugar to help boost your intake of nutrient - rich foods by making them tastier , " says Jackie Newgent , author of the All - Natural Diabetes Cookbook .
In this refreshing palate cleansing sorbet , sugar tames the tartness of grapefruit juice .
And with just two ingredients , it could not be simpler to prepare .
A serving delivers about two - thirds of your RDA for vitamin C , and only 145 calories .
CookingLight.com : 8 healthy office snacks
Myth 2 . Eating eggs raises your cholesterol levels .
Truth : Dietary cholesterol found in eggs has little to do with the amount of cholesterol in your body .
The confusion can be boiled down to semantics :
The same word , " cholesterol , " is used to describe two different things .
Dietary cholesterol the fat - like molecules in animal - based foods like eggs does n't greatly affect the amount of cholesterol circulating in your bloodstream .
Your body makes its own cholesterol , so it does n't need much of the kind you eat .
Instead , what fuels your body 's cholesterol - making machine is certain saturated and trans fats .
Eggs contain relatively small amounts of saturated fat .
One large egg contains about 1.5 grams saturated fat , a fraction of the amount in the tablespoon of butter many cooks use to cook that egg in .
So , cutting eggs out of your diet is a bad idea ; they 're a rich source of 13 vitamins and minerals .
Good news :
Eggs of all kinds are fine .
The kind of cholesterol found in eggs does n't affect the cholesterol in your blood , so go ahead and enjoy eggs for breakfast , lunch , or dinner , guilt - free .
In healthy people , " the research with eggs has never shown any link of egg consumption with blood lipids or with risk of heart disease , " says Don Layman , professor emeritus in the Department of Food Science and Human Nutrition at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Make this Mexican scrambled egg dish for dinner , brunch , or for a hearty breakfast .
Leave all the seeds in the jalapeño if you want a spicier kick , adjust the hot pepper sauce to taste , and throw in your favorite add-ins to create a satisfying meal for four .
Myth 3 : All saturated fats raise blood cholesterol .
Truth : New research shows that some saturated fats do n't .
Just when we'd all gotten comfortable with the idea that there are good - for - you mono - and polyunsaturated fats ( like those found in olive oil and walnuts ) , along comes new research calling into question the one principle most health professionals thought was sacrosanct :
All saturated fat is bad .
Researchers have long known that there are many kinds of saturated fats , and they are handled differently by the body when consumed .
Stearic acid , a type of saturated fat found naturally in cocoa , dairy products , meats , and poultry , as well as palm and coconut oils , does not raise harmful LDL cholesterol but boosts beneficial HDL cholesterol levels .
CookingLight.com : Color your palate
Good news : Saturated fat may be better than once thought .
Eating foods like coconut and chocolate that contain stearic acid , an HDL - cholesterol booster that may eventually be called the " good " saturated fat , is healthier than once thought .
This is not a license to eat freely of anything containing stearic acid , though , because foods rich in any type of fat tend to be dense in calories , as well .
Given that both chocolate and coconut are not as " bad " as once thought , and given that they taste mighty good together , we baked up a batch of toasty , chocolaty treats to celebrate .
Like all sweets with few other nutrients , though , they are treats perfectly healthy every once in a while .
Myth 4 : The only heart - friendly alcohol is red wine .
Truth : Beer , wine , and liquors all confer the same health benefits .
The so - called French Paradox elevated red wine to health - food status when researchers thought it was the antioxidants in the drink that protected the foie gras - and cheese - loving French from heart disease .
More recent research , however , has shown that antioxidants are n't the answer after all .
Alcohol , the ethanol itself , raises levels of protective HDL , or good cholesterol , which help protect against plaque buildup in the arteries and reduce clotting factors that contribute to heart attack and stroke , according to Eric Rimm , associate professor of nutrition at the School of Public Health at Harvard University .
Any kind of beverage that contains alcohol , when consumed in moderation ( and that means one to two drinks a day ) , helps reduce heart disease risk .
Myth 5 : Adding salt to the pot adds sodium to the food .
Truth : Salt added to boiling water may actually make vegetables more nutritious .
Public health messages encouraging us to shake our salt - in - everything habits are , in general , good ; sodium is a potential problem even for non-hypertensive people .
But it 's easy to overlook how sodium can actually help in recipes .
" Salt in the cooking water reduces the leaching of nutrients from vegetables into the water , " says Harold McGee , author of On Food & Cooking .
That means your blanched broccoli , green beans , or asparagus likely retains more nutrients .
" It also speeds up the cooking process so you do n't lose as many nutrients from overcooking . "
McGee recommends using about 1 teaspoon of salt per cup of water .
The amount of sodium absorbed by the food is minuscule .
Myth 6 : Fried foods are always too fatty .
Truth :
Healthy deep - fried food is not an oxymoron .
Here 's how frying works :
When food is exposed to hot oil , the moisture inside boils and pushes to the surface and then out into the oil .
As moisture leaves , it creates a barrier , minimizing oil absorption when the frying is done right .
Meanwhile , the little oil that does penetrate the food 's surface forms a crisp , tasty crust .
To keep foods from soaking up oil , fry according to recipe instructions .
For most foods , 375 °F is optimal .
Oil temperatures that are too low will increase fat absorption .
When we added tempura - coated vegetables to cooler - than - optimal oil , the result was greasy and inedible -- they absorbed more than 1 cup of oil instead of 1/3 cup .
So , watch the oil temperature like a hawk using a candy / fry thermometer , and drain cooked foods on a paper towel for a minute or two before diving in .
Good news :
You can have fried catfish and hush puppies , too .
Keep in mind that we 're not giving fast - food fried chicken dinners with French fries a passing grade .
Such a meal contains an entire day 's worth of calories and sodium , thanks to large portion sizes , excessive breading , and globs of sauces .
CookingLight.com : Food court survival guide
But as an occasional treat , home - fried foods have a place in a healthy diet .
Use in moderation by pairing with a sensible side or salad .
Always choose a healthy oil that 's low in saturated fat -- such as peanut , soybean , and canola oils -- and follow our step - by - step techniques to frying basics to keep calories and fat as low as possible .
In the hands of a careful home cook , a delicately breaded and fried catfish fillet with a few hush puppies can be a perfectly reasonable and delicious dinner .
Myth 7 : The more fiber you eat , the better .
Truth :
Not all fibers are equally beneficial .
Consider the source .
Yogurt does n't naturally come with fiber , yet the grocery aisles now boast fiber - supplemented yogurt , along with cereals , energy bars , even water .
What 's the deal ?
Fiber is a fad - food component right now , and manufacturers are isolating specific types of fiber and adding them to packaged foods to take advantage .
But the science is n't entirely clear yet :
Just as we 're learning more about different types of fat , research is showing how complex fiber is as well .
We now know that different fibers have different functions ( wheat bran helps move foods along ; oat bran lowers cholesterol ; inulin supports healthy gut bacteria ) .
Some experts are skeptical that the so - called faux - fiber foods offer the same beneficial effect as naturally fiber - rich ones like whole grains , vegetables , fruits , and legumes .
CookingLight : Dietitian - approved 12 healthy snacks
Good news : Fiber - rich whole foods satisfy hunger .
While it 's true that only half of us eat the fiber we need for good health , eating processed foods with added fiber does n't get us off the hook .
Fact is , most processed foods lack a bevy of vitamins , minerals , and phytonutrients .
Eating fiber - rich whole foods is the best way to gain this essential component of you diet .
In this recipe , whole - grain wheat berries are chewy , mild , and packed with fiber .
Dressing the hot wheat berries in a homemade spicy - sweet vinaigrette and letting stand for 20 minutes infuses them with intense flavor .
And more good news :
This fiber - and protein - rich salad will curb hunger pains , something packaged foods can't always deliver on .
Myth 8 : You should always remove chicken skin before eating .
Truth :
You can enjoy a skin - on chicken breast without blowing your sat - fat budget .
Half the pleasure of eating roast chicken comes from the gloriously crisp , brown skin that seems to melt in your mouth .
Yet the skinless , boneless chicken breast -- one of the more boring protein sources on Earth -- became the health - conscious cook 's gold standard somewhere along the way .
Fortunately , the long - standing command to strip poultry of its skin before eating does n't hold up under a nutritional microscope .
A 12 - ounce bone - in , skin - on chicken breast half contains just 2.5 grams of saturated fat and 50 calories more than its similarly portioned skinless counterpart .
Good news :
You can splurge with skin - on chicken from time to time .
A chicken breast will always be lean -- skinned or not .
What 's more , 55 percent of the fat in the chicken skin is monounsaturated -- the heart - healthy kind you want more of , says Amy Myrdal Miller , program director for Strategic Initiatives at The Culinary Institute of America at Greystone .
CookingLight.com : Big gains , small steps
So if you and your family are tired of plain skinless , boneless chicken breasts , splurge on a skin - on option like this oregano - and lime - scented dish .
A quick pan sauce made from some of the delectable pan drippings will make your regular chicken dinner a lot more interesting and appetizing .
Myth 9 : Organic foods are more nutritious than conventional .
If you buy organic because you believe that sustainable farming supports the health of the soil , the work of small farmers , or the well - being of livestock , that 's all good .
And you may find it more tasty .
However , it 's not accurate to also promote organic as inherently more nutritious .
Researchers at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine provided the most comprehensive review of organic foods to date .
Their conclusion :
No significant nutritional difference exists between conventional and organic crops and livestock .
A good radish by any other name is still a radish .
There is , of course , still the issue of trace amounts of pesticides or herbicides -- wash conventional produce carefully .
Myth 10 : Cooking olive oil destroys its health benefits .
Truth : Even delicate extra -virgin oils can take the heat without sacrificing nutrition .
This one has been kicking around ever since olive oil became a " good " fat :
Cook with premium versions and you heat away the healthful properties .
It simply is n't true .
First of all , heart - healthy mono- unsaturated fats are n't unfavorably altered by heat .
They survive a sauté intact .
Now , research is showing that other plant - based compounds -- the elements that likely give olive oils their complex flavor profiles as well as other healthful properties -- can also stand up to standard cooking procedures .
They 're surprisingly stable , as long as the oil is n't heated past its smoking point , which for extra - virgin olive oil is pretty high , about 405 °F .
Good news :
Olive oil can take the heat
As long as oil is kept below its smoking point , flavor and nutrition are intact .
More important is how you store the oil .
Fats and phytonutrients stay stable for up to two years in unopened opaque bottles stored at room temperature and away from light .
Heat , light , and air drastically affect stability .
Store oil in a room - temp cupboard , and use within six months .
In this simple side dish , extra - virgin olive oil adds great fruity flavor , and sautéing over high heat does n't burn away the oil 's healthful antioxidants .
Enter for a chance to win in our $ 5,000 Grocery Giveaway
Copyright 2011 Cooking Light magazine .
All rights reserved .
Mr Bahari said Iran was trying to scare opposition activists A reporter for the US magazine Newsweek says he has been sentenced in absentia to 13 years in jail in Iran , after covering opposition protests .
Iranian - Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari was jailed in Iran for four months last year , but later freed on bail and allowed to leave the country .
Mr Bahari said he had been sentenced to 13 years and six months in jail , plus 74 lashes .
He was arrested after reporting on protests over disputed elections .
Iran has not commented on the sentencing .
The Iranian regime wanted to " scare as many people as possible " to prevent them from taking to the streets to mark the anniversary of the June poll , Mr Bahiri said in an interview with the Associated Press .
Bloody protests Scores of protesters died in clashes with security forces during protests in the wake of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election on 12 June 2009 .
Reformists claimed the election had been rigged , a charge the government denied .
Mr Bahari said the Revolutionary Court that sentenced him had not informed him formally , but he had heard the news from a relative present at the court .
The charges included unlawful assembly and conspiring against the state , collection secret documents , one year for propagandising against the system , insulting the Supreme Leader and the president , and disrupting public order , Mr Bahari wrote in Newsweek .
He said more than 30 journalists , writers and bloggers were still being held in Iranian prisons .
Five Iranian activists were hung over the weekend .
Mr Bahari , 42 , is a reporter and documentary maker who had been accredited to work in Iran for more than a decade .
He was released in October on bail of 3 billion rials ( $ 300,000 ) and allowed to travel to London , where his wife was due to give birth .
Another critic being held by the Iranians is film - maker Jafar Panahi .
He was due to be a judge at this year 's Cannes Film festival .
At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since last year 's disputed elections , although the opposition says more than 70 have died .
Thousands have been detained and some 200 activists remain behind bars .
At least nine have been sentenced to death , and two have been executed already
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Federal prosecutors are investigating whether Morgan Stanley misled investors about mortgage - derivatives deals it helped design and sometimes bet against , people familiar with the matter say , in a step that intensifies Washington 's scrutiny of Wall Street in the wake of the financial crisis .
Morgan Stanley arranged and marketed to investors pools of bond - related investments called " collateralized debt obligations , " or CDOs , and its trading desk at times placed bets that their value would fall , traders say .
Investigators are examining , among other things , whether Morgan Stanley made proper representations about its roles .
Among the deals that have been scrutinized are two named after U.S. Presidents James Buchanan and Andrew Jackson , a person familiar with the matter says .
Morgan Stanley helped design the deals and bet against them , but did n't market them to clients .
Traders called them the " Dead Presidents " deals .
The probe is at a preliminary stage .
Bringing criminal cases involving complex Wall Street deals is a huge challenge for prosecutors .
The government must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that a firm or its employees knowingly misled investors , a high bar .
The government launches many criminal investigations that end without any charges being filed .
Morgan Stanley was n't among the biggest players in the CDO market .
Although the firm made money on the Dead President deals , any profit was far overshadowed by the $ 9 billion the firm lost on bullish mortgage bets in 2007 , a person familiar with the matter said .
The investigation grew out of an ongoing civil - fraud investigation launched by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2009 , examining the mortgage - bond business of more than a dozen Wall Street firms , the people say .
The Manhattan U.S. Attorney 's office now is investigating some of those firms ' activities in a criminal probe .
A Morgan Stanley spokesman said , " We have not been contacted by the Justice Department about the transactions being raised by The Wall Street Journal and we have no knowledge of a Justice Department investigation into these transactions . "
Continue reading at The Wall Street Journal
2010 -05 -17 - Dieter Plaetinck
Hi , New installation media are available .
There are fewer of them , and they are smaller .
But they can do more ...
Notable changes :
Archiso ( image builds ) :
all iso files can now be burned onto CD's as well as written to media like usb sticks ( isohybrid )
more than half of the packages in core are now xz compressed
next to the single architecture images we provide dual images which can be used as 32 bit or 64 bit medium
use isolinux bootloader exclusively for booting the live media
snapshot of current core , including kernel 2.6.33.4 - 1 , pacman - 3.3.3 - 5 and glibc - 2.11.1-3
updated memtest
support for PXE booting
provide wpa_supplicant
support virtio
AIF ( installation tool ) : * ability to choose uuid / label / devicefile blockdevice representation ; automatically applied in menu.lst , fstab , etc * split off UI library into separate libui-sh project * support virtio blockdevices * allow user to specify additional custom arguments for mkfs and the like
Additionally , quite some bugs have been fixed , mostly in AIF .
And of course , the Official installation guide has been updated to reflect these changes .
Thanks to everyone who contributed , this release took a long time but I think it 's worth it .
Overall Rating
75 attendee(s ) rated this provider Customer Reviews View Courses by this Provider
Training Provider Description
Experts in health and safety training with excellent results to support the claim .
Their instructors use a variety of training methods to keep delegates interested and involved , placing a huge emphasis on interaction .
Their health and safety courses are filled with games , quizzes , activities and movies to supplement the more traditional training techniques which are also used .
The organisation is accredited by some of the UK's leading examination bodies and safety institutes .
Quality Rating
Americans love their bacon .
With the recent influx of such bacon - inspired products like Vosges Bacon chocolate bacon mayonnaise and even bacon gumballs , it seems we can all get our fair share of the greasy pork product at every meal .
But now the obsession with bacon has been taken a step further , right here in Chicago
David Burke 's Primehouse Executive Chef Rick Gresh takes bacon love to a whole new level with the creation of his Bacon Candle .
It ’s made with rendered bacon fat and stands at 2 inches tall with a vegetable base wick , but the kicker is how you actually use the candle .
The candle emits a delicious - smelling bacon aroma and is poured over dry aged beef , scallop sashimi , or any other delectable treat worthy enough to be covered in bacon ( so in other words , almost everything ) .
Get the Bacon Candle with your meal at Primehousem or purchase one for $ 5 at the in - house butcher shop in case you want to try it at home .
Mmmmm ... bacon .
There is something very comforting in walking around in a city after sunset .
Contrary to popular belief , most of them do n’t turn into cut - throat places and it ’s not like you risk your life at every block .
Quite the opposite actually : people tend to be more relaxed after a stressful day .
I ’ve been in love with night skylines since I lived briefly in a very tall building in the heart of Kowloon in 2001 .
French cities are beautiful by night but rarely have skyscrapers to offer a good vantage point .
Besides , electricity must be more expensive in France because there are n’t as many night lights – good for the environment I guess , but terrible for photographers .
When I arrived in Hong Kong , I could n’t take my eyes off the skyline .
I used to sit by the window for hours in the evening — from the 33rd floor , we had a huge bay - window and we overlooked most of Hong Hum and part of Victoria Harbor .
When it comes to night skylines , Toronto has it all : tall buildings , wide and busy streets , condos with lights at all windows , and good vantage points .
Throw in a clear sky , a warm night and the funky CN Tower ( timing to catch the lights is tricky though ! ) and the deal is done .
It was pitch dark when I shot these pictures at the waterfront , but thanks to long exposure and a laser beam ( ?! ) , the sky looks purple and the clouds are like pieces of cotton candy .
You can see the full set of the pictures taken in Toronto here
And now they ’re working on a tablet too , according to TechCrunch , which ran the above video today .
It ’s a Google demo of how Chrome OS might work on a tablet .
TechCrunch also ran pix of some Google tablet mockups , which it found on a Chromium OS site .
( See mockup photo below . )
Funny thing is , that Google tablet bears a pretty striking resemblance to our iPad , does n’t it ?
Pretty amazing coincidence that the freetards could get this knocked together just as we ’re coming out with our tablet computer .
I mean , it ’s almost as if they knew what ours was going to look like , even before we announced it .
But how could that be ?
How could anyone at Google possibly know what our iPad was going to look like ?
Oh wait .
And people wonder why I say that “ Do n’t be evil ” is bullshit .
" Until now , corporate interests had to rely on campaign contributions and influence - peddling to achieve their goals in Washington , " the candidate , who was unavailable for an interview , said in a statement .
" But thanks to an enlightened Supreme Court , now we can eliminate the middle - man and run for office ourselves . "
William Klein , a " hired gun " who has been enlisted as Murray Hill 's campaign manager , said the firm appears to be the first " corporate person " to run for office and is promising a spirited campaign that " puts people second , or even third . "
The ad makes a particularly passionate case for why it 's necessary to have more direct corporate representation in Congress .
It concludes with a rousing call to action : " Vote for Murray Hill Incorporated for Congress -- for the best democracy money can buy . "
Consider this article , which appeared in The Economist on March 21 , 2010
It was picked up by BBC World Business , which recorded an interview broadcast tonight ( East Coast ) .
THE effort to elect Murray Hill to Congress is a political campaign unlike any other .
It is rare for an election candidate to pledge to " put people second , or even third " , instead of the habitual first , but then the aspiring representative for Maryland ’s 8th District is not a person but a company .
Murray Hill , a public - relations firm , is taking advantage of a recent Supreme Court ruling that granted corporations full first - amendment political rights as people , to help create " the best democracy money can buy . "
Despite the Supreme Court ’s controversial 5 - 4 ruling in the " Citizens United " case , which removed longstanding restrictions on political activism by companies , these bids for office still face significant obstacles — not least the requirement that candidates in Maryland be at least 18 years old .
Murray
Hill is just five .
And it is hard to imagine many people voting for a candidate explicitly committed to putting business first .
Still , the Murray Hill candidacy does raise an important point about the future of democracy and the role of business within it .
The Supreme Court decision appears certain to increase the influence of business in American politics , which is widely perceived as having grown significantly in recent years , and is often assumed , fairly or not , to be a bad thing .
Barack Obama , for one , fears that it will " open the floodgates to special interests , including foreign corporations , to spend without limit in our elections . "
Read both , when you have the time .
And check out the Pod cast on BBC World Business News , when it is uploaded later today .
The interview is side splittingly funny , and will make you weep .
And , check out the Murry Hill web site ...
HT to Calouste
ICWSM Datasets
Datasets made available through ICWSM are not restricted to use in the ICWSM conferences .
Our long - term goal is to make weblog and social media datasets available to the research community , and while we hope that ICWSM will be a premier venue for presenting that research , we are happy to see the ICWSM datasets used far and wide .
ICWSM 2011 Spinn3r Dataset
That dataset , provided by Spinn3r.com , is a continuation of the 2009 Spinn3r Dataset .
The dataset consists of over 386 million blog posts , news articles , classifieds , forum posts and social media content between January 13th and February 14th .
It spans events such as the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian protests ( see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/January_2011 for a more detailed list of events spanning the dataset 's time period ) .
The content includes the syndicated text , its original HTML as found on the web , annotations and metadata ( e.g. , author information , time of publication and source URL ) , and boilerplate / chrome extracted content .
The data is formatted as Spinn3r 's protostreams - an extension to Google protobuffers – providing better performance in terms of speed and size over XML encoding .
The data is separated by date , content type and language , thereby allowing researchers to either work with the entire dataset or selected aspects thereof .
With over 133 million blog posts and 231 million social media publication ( see table below for more details ) the dataset comes to a size of ~3 TB ( 2.1 TB compressed ) .
Content Type # of Elements Weblog 133683918 Mainstream News 14744094 Classified 517373 Forum 5734378 Review 32773 Social Media 231861650 Memetracker 2473 Total 386576659
Access to this dataset is provided just as it is for the 2009 dataset .
In fact , if you 've already signed the agreement , your access credentials will already permit you to download the collection with no additional paperwork .
If you are planning on obtaining this and / or the 2009 datasets for the first time , please download and sign the ICWSM Spinn3r Datasetsage agreement , and email it to dataset - request ( at ) icwsm.org .
Once your form is processed ( usually within 1 - 3 days ) , you will be sent a URL and password where you can download the collection .
Cite this dataset using the following reference :
K. Burton , N. Kasch , and I. Soboroff .
The ICWSM 2011 Spinn3r Dataset .
In Proceedings of the Fifth Annual Conference on Weblogs and Social Media ( ICWSM 2011 ) , Barcelona , Spain , July 2011 .
ICWSM 2009 Spinn3r Blog Dataset
The dataset , provided by Spinn3r.com , is a set of 44 million blog posts made between August 1st and October 1st , 2008 .
The post includes the text as syndicated , as well as metadata such as the blog 's homepage , timestamps , etc .
The data is formatted in XML and is further arranged into tiers approximating to some degree search engine ranking .
The total size of the dataset is 142 GB uncompressed , ( 27 GB compressed ) .
This dataset spans a number of big news events ( the Olympics ; both US presidential nominating conventions ; the beginnings of the financial crisis ; ... ) as well as everything else you might expect to find posted to blogs .
To get access to the Spinn3r dataset , please download and sign the ICWSM Spinn3r Dataset usage agreement , and email it to dataset - request ( at ) icwsm.org .
Once your form is processed ( usually within 1 - 3 days ) , you will be sent a URL and password where you can download the collection .
Here is a sample of blog posts from the collection ( To download the sample data , right click on the link and select save as from the context menu ) .
The XML format is described on the Spinn3r website .
Spinn3r provides free access to researchers .
If you are interested in making use of their data beyond the ICWSM collection , for example to crawl linked posts or earlier stories from certain blogs , visit their site , spinn3r.com
Cite this dataset using the following reference :
K. Burton , A. Java , and I. Soboroff .
The ICWSM 2009 Spinn3r Dataset .
In Proceedings of the Third Annual Conference on Weblogs and Social Media ( ICWSM 2009 ) , San Jose , CA , May 2009 .
JDPA Sentiment Corpus
The JDPA Corpus consists of user - generated content ( blog posts ) containing opinions about automobiles and digital cameras .
They have been manually annotated for named , nominal , and pronominal mentions of entities .
Entities are marked with the aggregate sentiment expressed toward them in the document .
Mentions of each entity are marked as co-referential .
Mentions are assigned semantic types consisting of the Automatic Content Extraction ( ACE ) mention types and additional domain - specific types .
Meronymy ( part - of and feature - of ) and instance relations are also annotated .
Expressions which convey sentiment toward an entity are annotated with the polarity of their prior and contextual sentiments as well the mentions they target .
The following modifiers are annotated .
These may target other modifiers or sentiment expressions
negators ( expressions which invert the polarity of a sentiment expression or modifier )
neutralizers ( expressions that do not commit the the speaker to the truth of the target sentiment expression or modifier )
committers ( expressions which shift the commitment of the speaker toward the truth a sentiment expression or modifier )
intensifiers ( expressions which shift the intensity of a sentiment expression or modifier )
Additionally , we have annotated when the opinion holder of a sentiment expression is someone other than the author of the blog by linking the expression to the holder .
We also annotate when two entities are compared on a particular dimension .
The data , organized into training and testing sets , consists of 515 documents ( blog posts ) covering 330,762 tokens which make up 19,322 sentences .
87,532 mentions and 15,637 sentiment expressions are annotated .
To get access to the JDPA collection , download and sign the usage agreement , and email it to ICWSM .
JDPA.Corpus@gmail.com .
Once your form is processed , you will be sent a URL and password where you can download the collection .
Wikipedia User Contribution Dataset
http://nile.ics.uci.edu/events-dataset-api
Sara Javanmardi and Yasser Ganjisaffar , University of California , Irvine
This dataset has been prepared for an ongoing study on user reputation and content quality in Wikipedia at University of California , Irvine .
This research is done mainly by two PhD candidates : Sara Javanmardi and Yasser Ganjisaffar under the supervision of Prof. Lopes , Prof. Baldi , and Prof. Grant .
One of the building blocks of this study was a software component that can monitor changes in content of the wiki pages over time .
We have developed the component and we are please to share one of our datasets on English Wikipedia which contains user contributions .
For each article we have modeled the evolution of the content through insert and delete events over time ( up to September 2009 ) .
Since the dumps released after October 2007 for English Wikipedia do n't contain full text of revisions , and also processing the text of revisions is a complicated and time consuming task , we hope sharing this dataset helps to expedite research studies on Wikipedia and Social Media in general .
Community - Created Data Resources derived from the Spinn3r Collection
The following resources were created by ICWSM 2009 data challenge authors and are being made available for general use alongside the 2009 ICWSM Spinn3r dataset .
Spinn3r collection metadata Meeyoung Cha , Juan Antonio Navarro Perez , and Hamed Haddadi , MPI - SWS : " A collection containing the data that we extracted from the Spinn3er dataset .
It includes data about all the posts from mayor blogging domains that were included in the dataset , as well as the extracted social graph among their corresponding blog users .
We also include metadata that we collected from the most popular YouTube videos shared in blogs . "
Large - scale personal story corpus Andrew Gordon and Reid Swanson , USC : " To facilitate the distribution of large - scale story corpora , our group has identified individual blog posts that contain personal stories within existing large - scale corpora of posts .
Most recently , we identified nearly one million personal stories in the ICWSM 2009 Spinn3r Blog Dataset , which we call the ICWSM 2009 Story Subset . "
Lucene index of the ICWSM 2009 collection Dan Knights , JD Power & Assoc : Includes README ( explains how to use the lucene index and search )
index-all.tar.gz ( the lucene index )
jdpa.lucene.tar.gz ( the JDPA Java packages that does the indexing and searching )
parsexml.py ( a quick - and - dirty python script to parse and strip the post text from the Spinn3r xml )
Community
We have a mailing list for discussing the datasets at http://groups.google.com/group/icwsm-data.
Please join to talk about whatever you 're doing with the data .
In particular , if you are looking for groups to collaborate with , here 's a forum for you .
We also have a project at Google Code , http://code.google.com/p/icwsm-data/, where we can host tools and resources that you create to go along with the datasets .
Data Challenge Chairs
Holdren : astronauts support our plan , too
The video above is a response to a question about NASA ’s new plan posed to presidential science advisor John Holdren at the AAAS Forum on Science and Technology Policy in Washington on Thursday , one day after he appeared before the Senate Commerce Committee to discuss the administration ’s new human spaceflight plans .
He outlined the admininstration ’s objections to Constellation , including its “ rapidly escalating costs ” and schedule slips .
“ The president and his advisors , including me , made the decision that there are other destinations in deep space , destinations beyond low Earth orbit , that will enable us to do more science sooner , with more missions , more visits , more exciting discoveries than going back to the Moon 50 years later , ” he said .
He noted that some of the astronauts who went to the Moon during Apollo oppose the new plan .
“ It ’s not real surprising that the American heroes who were the first people to set foot on the Moon might think the most exciting thing we could possibly do now is to go back there , but not everybody agrees with them . ”
He pointed out that a “ large array ” of astronauts support the White House ’s plan , from Buzz Aldrin and Sally Ride to Mae Jemison and John Grunsfeld .
“ I think we ’re getting some very bad press , frankly , ” Holdren continued , “ because there ’s huge attention in the press ot the fact that Neil Armstrong and Gene Cernan testified against the president ’s proposal and practically no attention at all to a large number of astronauts who support it . ”
See a UK wide list of seats which the major parties are targetting or defending .
Target Seats
Defence Seats
All Steven Apilado , LaRon Charles and Jon Russ wanted to do was to win the championship game at the Gay Softball World Series for their amateur San Francisco team .
Instead , they were marched one by one into a conference room at the tournament in suburban Seattle and asked about their " private sexual attractions and desires , " and their team was stripped of its second - place finish after the men were determined to be " non-gay , " they said in a lawsuit accusing a national gay sports organization of discrimination .
The suit , filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Seattle , pits the National Center for Lesbian Rights , a San Francisco group backing the men , against the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Alliance , which prides itself on barring discrimination based on sexual orientation .
At issue is whether the gay sports alliance violated Washington state 's public accommodations laws by enforcing a rule limiting to two the number of heterosexuals who can play on a team .
Apilado , Charles and Russ were members of D2 , a team that was part of the San Francisco Gay Softball League .
The squad made it to the championship game at the August 2008 tournament in Kent , Wash .
But another team , the Atlanta Mudcats , which had lost to D2 in a semifinal game , complained that the San Francisco team had too many straights .
D2 ultimately lost the championship to a team from Los Angeles .
Afterward , Apilado , Charles and Russ were called separately into a conference room in front of 25 people for a hearing to determine whether they were heterosexual or gay , the suit said .
They were asked " very intrusive , sexual questions , " including what their sexual interests and preferences were , Suzanne Thomas , a Seattle attorney for the plaintiffs , said Wednesday .
Charles , who was D2's manager , asked whether he could say he was bisexual and was told , " This is the Gay World Series , not the Bisexual World Series , " the suit said .
According to Charles ' Facebook profile , he is married to a woman .
In a statement , Charles said , " When you play softball , you never expect for anyone to corner you and ask you personal questions about who you are and what you do .
It was emotional for me as a coach to go in there and not only get grilled , but watch my team be put in this situation . "
The alliance ultimately determined that the three men were " non-gay " and that D2 had broken the rules .
The alliance placed the San Francisco Gay Softball League on probation , " with the consequence that if a San Francisco team is found to have too many ' non - gay ' players on its roster again , " the league will be expelled , the suit said .
D2 has since disbanded , but the plaintiffs each want at least $ 75,000 in damages and their second - place standing reinstated , along with a team trophy .
Thomas said the men were essentially branded as " not gay enough . "
" It engages in a whole series of stereotyping that somehow , gay men are less able players than straight men , " the attorney said .
Beth Allen , an attorney for the alliance , said Wednesday that the suit has no merit and that none of the plaintiffs suffered any discrimination .
She said the San Francisco league 's suggestion to remove the heterosexual limit is problematic .
" Presumably , if that were to occur , teams could be comprised of heterosexual players only , " Allen said .
" This is not a bisexuals vs. gays issue , " she said .
" It 's whether a private organization may say who may be a member of their organization .
It 's an issue of freedom of association . "
Calculating the exact flow of crude out of the bent Deepwater Horizon oil rig " riser " pipe on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico is difficult .
But it 's now likely that the actual amount of the oil spill dwarfs the Coast Guard 's figure of 5,000 barrels , or 210,000 gallons , a day .
Independent scientists estimate that the renegade wellhead at the bottom of the Gulf could be spewing up to 25,000 barrels a day .
If chokeholds on the riser pipe break down further , up to 50,000 barrels a day could be released , according to a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration memo obtained by the Mobile , Ala. , Press - Register .
As estimates of the spill increase , questions about the government 's honesty in assessing the spill are emerging .
At the same time , pressure is building for the US to release worst - case scenario estimates so residents of the Gulf Coast can adequately prepare .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Meanwhile , BP is working furiously to do the unprecedented : Activate a faulty blowout preventer a mile under the Gulf to stop the leak at its source .
If that fails , it could take three months , or more , to drill a relief well in order to plug the renegade well .
“ In the environmental arena , risk modeling is done day - in and day - out for every type of pollutant , whether going in the water , earth or air , " says Stuart Smith , an environmentl attorney in New Orleans , in a statement .
" Why are BP and the Environmental Protection Agency not releasing such information to the public ?
After originally saying the rig was n't leaking at all , the Coast Guard originally used estimates in part provided by BP to describe the size of the spill as 1,000 barrels a day .
The Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 and injuring 17 of a 126 - member crew .
It exploded again and sank 36 hours later .
The resulting leak has created a Jamaica - sized oil slick that is now whirling in a hurricane shape into sensitive marshes of the Louisiana coastline , endangering birds , fish , oysters , and many peoples ’ livelihoods .
President Obama prepared to visit the affected area this weekend as the government began wresting control of the relief operation from BP , which leased the Deepwater Horizon rig , and which has so far provided leak estimates based on reconnaisance of the crumpled pipe done by remote - controlled mini-subs on the murky bottom .
Officials say measuring the outflow is extremely difficult – like trying to gauge by eye the amount of water spurting from a leaky garden hose .
The Obama administration , which only a month ago proposed opening up new coastal areas for oil exploration , has put on hold all new exploratory drilling along the US continental shelf and is now fighting to stay ahead of what sociologist Steven Picou at the University of South Alabama calls a " monster catastrophe that boggles the mind . "
A government report obtained by the Mobile , Ala. , Press - Register explains that " choke points " in the crumpled riser are controlling the flow from the so - called Macondo well at Lease Block 252 in the Mississippi Canyon .
But scrubbing action from sand in the oil is further eroding the pipe .
There are likely tens of millions of gallons in the deposit that BP tapped with the Deepwater Horizon .
" The following is not public , " reads National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Emergency Response document dated April 28 , according to the Press - Register .
" Two additional release points were found today .
If the riser pipe deteriorates further , the flow could become unchecked resulting in a release volume an order of magnitude higher than previously thought . "
An order of magnitude is a factor of 10 .
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that John Amos , an oil industry consultant , said that NOAA revised its original estimate of 1,000 barrels after he published calculations based on satellite data that showed a larger flow .
The 5,000 barrels a day is the " extremely low end " of estimates , Mr. Amos told the Journal .
" There 's a range of uncertainty , and it 's very difficult to accurately gauge how much there is , " BP spokesman John Curry told the Journal .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Related :
Experts : Most of Gulf of Mexico oil spill wo n't be cleaned up
With Katrina comparisons inevitable , Obama plans oil spill visit
The Monitor 's View
Obama and offshore drilling : a crude move
Scientists may be one step closer to being able to generate any type of cells and tissues from a patient 's own cells .
In a study that will appear in the journal Nature and is receiving early online release , investigators from the Massachusetts General Hospital Center for Regenerative Medicine ( MGH - CRM ) and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute ( HSCI ) , describe finding that an important cluster of genes is inactivated in induced pluripotent stem cells ( iPSCs ) that do not have the full development potential of embryonic stem cells .
Generated from adult cells , iPSCs have many characteristics of embryonic stem cells but also have had significant limitations .
" We found that a segment of chromosome 12 containing genes important for fetal development was abnormally shut off in most iPSCs , " says Konrad Hochedlinger , PhD , of the MGH - CRM and HSCI , who led the study .
" These findings indicate we need to keep improving the way we produce iPSCs and suggest the need for new reprogramming strategies . "
Although iPSCs appear quite similar to embryonic stem cells and give rise to many different types of cells , they have important limitations .
Several molecular differences have been observed , particularly in the epigenetic processes that control which genes are expressed , and procedures that are able to generate live animals from the embryonic stem cells of mice are much less successful with iPSCs .
Previous studies have compared iPSCs generated with the help of viruses , which can alter cellular DNA , to embryonic stem cells from unrelated animals .
To reduce the chance that the different sources of the cells were responsible for observed molecular differences , the MGH / HSCI research team prepared two genetically matched cell lines .
After generating mice from embryonic stem cells , they used a technique that does not use viruses to prepare lines of iPSCs from several types of cells taken from those animals .
They then compared the iPSCs with the original , genetically identical embryonic stem cells .
The most stringent assay of cells ' developmental potential showed that two tested lines of embryonic stem cells were able to generate live mice as successfully as in previous studies , but no animals could be generated from genetically matched iPSCs .
Closely comparing RNA transcription profiles of several matched cell lines revealed significantly reduced transcription of two genes in the iPSCs .
Both genes are part of a gene cluster on chromosome 12 that normally is maternally imprinted - meaning that only the gene copies inherited from the mother are expressed .
Examination of more than 60 iPSCs lines developed from several types of cells revealed that this gene cluster was silenced in the vast majority of cell lines .
While the gene - silenced iPSCs were able to generate many types of mouse tissues , their overall developmental potential was limited .
In an assay that produces chimeric animals that incorporate cells from two different stem cells , mice produced from gene - silenced cells had very few tissues that originated from the iPSCs .
However , in a few iPSC lines the gene cluster was normally activated , and in the most rigorous developmental assay , those iPSCs were as successful in producing live animals as embryonic stem cells have been .
The authors believe this is the first report of animals being produced entirely from adult - derived iPSCs .
" The activation status of this imprinted cluster allowed us to prospectively identify iPSCs that have the full developmental potential of embryonic stem cells , " says Matthias Stadtfeld , PhD , of the MGH - CRM and HSCI , a co-lead author of the report .
" Identifying pluripotent cells of the highest quality is crucial to the development of therapeutic applications , so we can ensure that any transplanted cells function as well as normal cells .
It 's going to be important to see whether iPSCs derived from human patients have similar differences in gene expression and if they can be as good as embryonic stem cells - which continue to be the gold standard - in giving rise to the 220 functional cell types in the human body . "
Hochedlinger adds , " Previous studies in mice have shown that embryonic stem cells derived from nuclear transfer - the technique used to clone animals - are indistinguishable from stem cells derived from fertilized embryos .
Nuclear transfer is another way of reprogramming adult cells into embryonic - like cells , and comparing that approach with iPSC generation may yield important insights into ways of producing the safest and highest quality pluripotent cells for use in patients . "
Hochedlinger is an associate professor in the Harvard University Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine .
###
Efie Apostolou , PhD , of the MGH - CRM and HSCI is also a co-lead author of the Nature report .
Additional co-authors are Patricia Follett , MGH -CRM and HSCI ; Toshi Shioda , MD , PhD , MGH Cancer Center ; Hidenori Akutsu , MD , National Institute for Child Health and Development ; Sridaran Natesan , PhD , Sanofi - Aventis and Atsushi Fukuda and Tomohiro Kono , PhD , Tokyo University of Agriculture .
Hochedlinger is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Early Career Scientist and received a Director 's Innovator Award from the National Institute of Health .
Additional support for the study includes grants from the Schering Foundation , the Jane Coffin Childs Memorial Fund and Sanofi-Aventis .
Massachusetts General Hospital , established in 1811 , is the original and largest teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School .
The MGH conducts the largest hospital - based research program in the United States , with an annual research budget of more than $ 600 million and major research centers in AIDS , cardiovascular research , cancer , computational and integrative biology , cutaneous biology , human genetics , medical imaging , neurodegenerative disorders , regenerative medicine , systems biology , transplantation biology and photomedicine .
Pope Benedict XVI was hit by fresh allegations yesterday that he failed to crack down on sexually abusive Catholic priests before becoming pontiff .
A letter written in 1985 , when the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was the head of the Vatican 's doctrinal unit , resists a request for the defrocking of an American priest with a record of molesting children , for the " good of the universal Church " .
The letter , published by Associated Press , also notes the " detriment that granting the dispensation can provoke within the community of Christ 's faithful , particularly considering the young age " .
The priest , Father Stephen Kiesle , was 38 at the time .
Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , confirmed the cardinal 's signature on the letter , but added : " The press office does n't believe it is necessary to respond to every single document taken out of context regarding particular legal situations . "
But the letter does switch the spotlight back to Benedict as a wave of sex abuse scandals involving priests , as well as alleged cover-ups by their bishops , sweeps Europe and the US .
The Vatican has previously denied reports suggesting Benedict failed to tackle cases of abuse in Munich and Wisconsin before he became pope .
Kiesle was sentenced in 1978 to three years ' probation after pleading no contest to charges of lewd conduct for tying up and molesting two young boys in a San Francisco rectory .
In 1981 he asked to leave the priesthood , a request backed by his diocese , which forwarded the papers to Rome .
In 1982 , Oakland bishop John Cummins urged Ratzinger , as head of the Vatican 's congregation for the doctrine of the faith , to grant the request .
But the case was still pending in 1985 when Ratzinger wrote to Cummins that although the argument for defrocking Kiesle was of " grave significance " , it was necessary " to submit incidents of this sort to very careful consideration , which necessitates a longer period of time " .
Another priest , George Mockel , wrote to Cummins : " My own reading of this letter is that basically they are going to sit on it until Steve gets quite a bit older , " reported AP .
Kiesle was finally removed in 1987 , but in the meantime had carried out volunteer work with children through the church .
He was arrested and charged in 2002 with 13 counts of child molestation from the 1970s , but all but two were thrown out after the US supreme court struck down as unconstitutional a California law extending the statute of limitations .
He was later sentenced to six years in jail in 2004 for molesting a young girl in 1995 .
He is now 63 and a registered sex offender .
" The then cardinal Ratzinger did not cover up the case , but as is clearly shown by the letter , he indicated the need to study the case with greater attention , " said the Vatican 's assistant spokesman Ciro Benedettini .
In an editorial published yesterday on the website of Vatican radio , Lombardi said the pope had become the victim of " unfounded insinuations and criticisms " , and recalled the offer made by Benedict to meet abuse victims in a letter to Irish Catholics last month .
The experience the church has gained in battling abuse in its ranks " could be useful to other institutions and society as a whole , " he added .
" It seems that the media has not considered this aspect sufficiently . "
by Guest RanterKen Druse
“ Do you know what sphagnum peat moss is ?
Do you know what it ’s used for ? ”
I asked several gardeners these questions after a lecture I gave in Connecticut a while back .
Here are the results of my informal poll .
Fifteen out of 20 people did not know what peat moss was , including the manager of a garden center .
( He thought it was the same as homemade compost . )
Perhaps more surprisingly , seven out of the 20 people did not know what peat moss is supposed to be used for ( although they all bought it ) .
One person said her husband spread it on their lawn .
Most of the gardeners suggested that peat moss was a mulch to put on top of the soil .
Peat moss is the partially decomposed remains of formerly living sphagnum moss from bogs .
Because it ’s nearly impossible to rewet once it ’s dried , it repels water and makes a terrible surface mulch .
As a soil amendment , which is what the baled product is mostly sold for , peat moss is also a poor choice .
It breaks down too fast , compressing and squeezing air out of the soil , creating an unhealthy condition for plant roots .
Peat moss can be a useful growing medium for containers , however , when lightened with a drainage material like perlite .
The biggest problem with peat moss is that it ’s environmentally bankrupt .
Peat moss is mined , which involves scraping off the top layer of living sphagnum moss .
The sphagnum peat bog above the mined product is a habitat for plants like sundews , butterwort and bog rosemary , as well as rare and endangered animals like dragonflies , frogs and birds , not to mention the living moss itself .
Despite manufacturers ’ claims that the bogs are easy to restore , the delicate community that inhabits the bog cannot be quickly re-established .
Yes , peat moss is a renewable resource , but it can take hundreds to thousands of years to form .
Like all precious wetlands , peat bogs purify fresh air and even mitigate flood damage .
And there are archeological reasons to preserve peat bogs .
In the acidic moss below the living layer , wooden artifacts of people who lived long ago survive , even the remains of the people themselves .
CO2 is also preserved – trapped in the moss , but released into the air when mined .
In fact , peat bogs store about 10 % of all fixed carbon .
In the U.S. , peat moss is almost exclusively used by the horticulture industry .
40,000 acres of sphagnum are currently being harvested in Canada , with 90 % of the product destined for gardens in the U.S.
In the U.K. , where peat moss is burned as fuel , as well , nearly 94 % of the lowland bogs have been altered or completely destroyed due to harvesting .
And most of our peat is shipped hundreds of miles , often when it ’s wet and heavy , which adds further to the fuel required for shipping .
Many conservationists , gardeners , and wetlands scientists in these countries have recommended a boycott of peat .
The Royal Horticultural Society hopes for a 90 % reduction by 2010 .
Areas in Ireland have already banned the harvesting of peat moss altogether .
Producers in both Canada and the United States maintain that they never cut sphagnum faster than it grows , and leave behind enough peat to ensure regeneration .
The Canadian Sphagnum Peat Moss Association claims that peat - moss operations keep the bogs from being drained for development , that five to ten years after harvesting , the bog will be a “ functioning wetland ” again , and that after 25 years , 90 percent of the original flora will grow back .
I have my doubts .
Some wetlands scientists point out that a managed bog lacks the biodiversity of the original bog .
In a development at the center of the gardening world , Monrovia Growers has just introduced a new line of bagged “ soil ” which contains peat moss .
That ’s according to their press release about the products ; the word “ peat ” never appears on their website .
Though gardeners seem to have been programmed to buy peat and are as loyal to the product as some car - buyers used to be about their beloved Pontiacs , there ’s simply no need to use it .
Chopped leaves make a much better and more attractive mulch , and compost is superior as a soil amendment .
If only more Americans could be encouraged to compost .
If only corporations started their own composting facilities , and if only more municipalities got serious about composting .
In addition to homemade compost , I use coir , a byproduct of the coconut processing industry .
( Here ’s one reliable source . )
This formerly discarded material can be shipped completely dehydrated – very lightweight – which reduces its energy requirements for transpor ting .
What do other organic gardeners think about peat moss , coir , or about Monrovia ’s new products ?
This week on the radio show “ Ken Druse Real Dirt , ” Ken interviews Tovah Martin .
It ’ll be available tomorrow right here .
Canadian peat bog photo credit .
They ’re evidence of extraterrestrial visitation , time travelers or lost civilizations like Atlantis – or perhaps they ’re here to show us that some ancient peoples were far more advanced than we think .
It ’s hard not to get caught up in the mystery and intrigue of these puzzling and often bizarre ancient objects , most of which simply ca n’t be explained by modern science .
Antikythera Mechanism
The world ’s oldest computer predates Bill Gates only by about 2,000 years .
In fact , the absolutely mind - boggling Antikythera Mechanism – a corroded clocklike object found among the ruins of a sunken ship – may prove that advanced scientific technology existed far earlier than we ever thought possible .
Scientists have since discovered that this mysterious Greek invention predicted solar eclipses , organized the calendar in four - year cycles , and may well be linked to renowned astrologer and engineer Archimedes .
Though no other such mechanisms have ever been found , experts believe that many more made around the same time in 100 B.C.E. once existed .
The Baigong Pipes
“ Alien toilet found in China ” .
This is just one of many absurd headlines seen on the internet concerning the undoubtedly bizarre Baigong Pipes , rusty red iron pipes that lead into a pyramid atop Mount Baigong from a nearby salt water lake .
What ’s so strange about the pipes ?
Well , for one thing , they ’re in an area that is completely inhospitable to man – no civilization is ever known to have lived there .
They ’re uniform in size and seem to have been created in an intentional pattern .
No clear explanation exists for the presence of these pipes , and scientists do n’t seem to agree on whether they could be natural occurrences .
The Roman Dodecahedra
These fist - sized bronze Roman artifacts found in France , Switzerland and Germany pose a fascinating problem for archaeologists : they just do n’t have a clear purpose , but many are covered in symbols , some undecipherable and others relating to the Zodiac .
But for all the speculation on their use , including that they may have been surveying instruments , some experts believe the Roman dodecahedra were merely decorative candlesticks .
Phaistos Disc
There ’s very little that we actually know for sure about the Phaistos Disc .
It ’s made of clay – check .
It dates back to the second millenium B.C.E. – maybe .
But its origin , meaning and purpose remain shrouded in mystery .
Discovered in Crete , the disc is features i241 impressions of 45 distinct symbols , some of which are easily identifiable as people , tools , plants and animals .
But because nothing else like it from the same time period has ever been found , archaelogists have n’t been able to provide a meaningful analysis of its content .
Baghdad Battery
What need would ancient people have for batteries when electronics did not yet exist ?
Found outside Baghdad , Iraq in 1936 , the Baghdad Battery is a small clay jar containing an iron rod suspended in a copper cylinder which is soldered shut and sealed with asphalt .
Replicas that have been made since then can produce small mounts of electricity , proving the battery ’s capabilities , but the question of what the battery was used for many never be answered .
Voynich Manuscript
Is the Voynich Manuscript evidence of a forgotten civilization , or merely an elaborate hoax ?
This handwritten book full of text that the world ’s top cryptographers and codebreakers have never been able to decipher dates to the 15th century and was discovered in 1912 by book dealer Wilfrid M. Voynich .
If it is a hoax , it ’s incredibly convincing , given how fluidly the text was written and the fact that statistical analysis has revealed patterns similar to those found in natural languages .
Shroud of Turin
A linen cloth bearing the barely - visible image of a man with apparent crucifixion wounds became the center of both devotion and controversy when it was first discovered in the Middle Ages .
Could this be the burial shroud of Jesus Christ ?
Radio carbon dating puts the origin of the shroud between 1260 C.E. and 1390 C.E. , consistent with the theory that it was a forgery .
But the results have been disputed and since then , a wide range of modern tests have been unable to explain the markings on the cloth .
The Giant Stone Spheres of Costa Rica
They appear to be flawlessly round , ranging in size from just a few centimeters to over 6.6 feet in diameter , and are found all over the Diquis Delta and Isla de Cano in Costa Rica .
Weighing up to 16 tons , it ’s hard to imagine how humans could have moved these gigantic sculptures hewn from hard granodiorite – considering that the nearest quarry for that material is over 50 miles away from where the sculptures were found .
Over three hundred of them are scattered across Costa Rica , but we ’ll never know why – the people who made them back in 1,000 C.E. are long gone and had no written records .
The Coso Artifact
When a spark plug was found encased inside a 500,000 - year - old lump of hard rock , self - professed paranormal investigators decided there were three possibilities for how it got there : A , it was created by an extremely advanced ancient civilization ( maybe Atlantis ? ) , B , aliens visited the earth during the time of dinosaurs or C , time travelers from the future left clues in the distant past .
All three explanations are highly unlikely to say the least , but scientists have n’t been able to come up with a better explanation – probably due to the fact that the Coso Artifact has mysteriously disappeared and is thus unavailable for analysis .
The Maine Penny
When a genuine Norse coin dating to the early 11th century was found among Native American ruins in Maine in 1957 , it seemed to offer an intriguing piece of evidence that Vikings did indeed travel further south than Newfoundland long before the time of Christopher Columbus .
And it could be so – but experts have their doubts .
The fact that the ‘ Maine Penny ‘ was the only Norse artifact found at the site seems to indicate that it came to the site through native trade channels from Viking sources in Labrador and Newfoundland .
Ladbrokes ist einer der Riesen im Sportwetten Business .
Mit einer facettenreichen Geschichte und einem seriösen Ruf macht es den anderen Konkurrenten das Leben schwer .
Kurzer Rückblick in Ladbrokes Geschichte
Wie bei den anderen erfolgreichen Sportwetten Anbietern üblich , beginnt die Reise von Ladbrokes in Großbritannien auf einer Pferderennbahn .
Auch der Ursprung von bet365 , BetVictor und anderen hat dort begonnen .
Dabei wissen die wenigsten , dass die Gründer der Sportwetten - Riesen schon damals um die Kundschaft der Pferderennbahn kämpften .
Sie standen Seite an Seite mit unterschiedlichen Taktiken und setzten sich auf ihre eigene Art und Weise in dem Business durch .
Bei Ladbrokes beginnt die Reise im Jahre 1886 .
Zu der Zeit waren Sportwetten in England immer noch illegal und der Job des Buchmacher ein sehr heikler .
Dennoch ließen sich die Geschäftsmänner nicht von dem Gesetz einschüchtern und führten ihr Unternehmen weiter .
Der Name des Unternehmens wurde 1902 offiziell gegründet und Spieler haben unter dem Namen Ladbrokes erstmals ihre Sportwetten abgegeben .
Das Drei-Mann - Unternehmen begann ganz klassisch mit dem normalen Buchmachergeschäft , anschließend mit dem Telefongeschäft im Wettbereich sowie darauffolgend mit der Einführung ins Internet .
Ladbrokes besitzt heute 2700 Wettshops , mehrere 100.000 Telefon Wetten und weit über 1 Million online Spieler und hat es somit zu einem der erfolgreichsten Konzerne der Wettbranche geschafft .
Das Unternehmen führt derzeit 14.000 Mitarbeiter .
Eine Zeit lang gab es das Gerücht , dass Ladbrokes hauptsächliche Gewinne über die Wett - Shops generiert und das Internet bloß die zweite Geige spielt .
Dies kann derzeit widerlegt werden und zeigt heute , dass auch Ladbrokes viel Zeit in die Pflege des Netzwerks online investiert .
Die Bewertung von Ladbrokes
Durchschnittlich ist Ladbroks ein sehr seriöses Unternehmen , das sich sein Ruf mehr als verdient hat .
In der Gesamtwertung erreicht es einer Prozentzahl von 83 % , was für einen Sportwetten Anbieter eine beachtliche Zahl darstellt .
Besonders überdurchschnittlich ist die Vielzahl der Wettangebote sowie die Einzahlung bei Ladbrokes .
Die Bewertung bei diesen Kriterien liegt bei 86 % .
Der gute Durchschnitt zeigt sich beim Neukundenbonus , der Ladezeit sowie der Performance mit 76 % .
Das Kriterium Sicherheit zeigt sich als Spitzenreiter der Kriterien des Unternehmens .
Mit 96 % ist dies eine Quote , die wahrlich als exzellent bezeichnet werden kann .
Vor allem Spieler , denen die Sicherheit beim Wetten sehr am Herzen liegt , und das sind bei weitem nicht wenig Menschen , sollten sich Ladbrokes als Alternative anschauen .
Somit ist klar , dass dieser Vorteil gegenüber den anderen Konkurrenten ein sehr klares Image schafft und sich somit unter den besten fünf Unternehmen dieser Branche sehen lassen kann .
In den Bereichen wie Wettquoten , Auszahlungen Kundenservice sowie vielen weiteren relevanten Kriterien zeigt sich das Unternehmen als gute Alternative .
Die Bewertung liegt dort bei um die 80 % und kann auf jeden Fall als beachtlicher Durchschnitt betrachtet werden .
Wichtige Daten über Ladbrokes
Die Lizenz von dem britischen Unternehmen liegt , wie bei vielen anderen auch , in Gibraltar .
Besondere Stärken pflegt das Unternehmen in den Bereichen des sehr guten Wettangebots , vor allen in dem Livestream Bereich .
Es punktet mit keinerlei Einzahlungsgebühren sowie einer raschen Auszahlung , die ebenso unkompliziert verläuft und hat genauso eine englische Tradition , die den Ruf des Unternehmens ebenso stärkt .
Gegründet wurde es 1886 während es 1998 online ging .
Wie bei allen anderen Unternehmen sollte man auch bei diesem Anbieter auf einige Schwächen eingehen :
Mit einer gewöhnungsbedürftigen Bedienungsanleitung müssten sich die meisten User wohl erst einmal anfreunden , denn jeder Anfang ist schwer .
Sobald man sich aber an die Steuerung gewöhnt hat , scheint diese Schwäche langsam zu verblassen .
Was vor allem in Deutschland ein negativer Kritikpunkt sein sollte , ist der Telefon - Support .
Dieser ist nicht auf Deutsch möglich .
In einer anderen Sprache wie zum Beispiel Englisch ist alles möglich , doch die deutsche Muttersprache wird dort nicht angeboten .
Vor allem für User , die nie eine andere Sprache lernen konnten , dürfte dies ein Problem darstellen .
Das Wettangebot
Dass das Wettangebot besonders hervorgehoben wird , haben wir bereits erwähnt .
Dazu ein paar ausführlichere Worte : man kann wahrlich auf jeder Sportart wetten wenn man das möchte .
Von Cricket , Baseball , American Football und Boxen bis hin zu Floorball , Fußball und Eishockey .
Für jeden Sportliebhaber ist etwas dabei .
Auch bei der EM oder Formel Eins gibt es Wettchancen .
Dabei macht Fußball mehr als die Hälfte aller abgegebenen Wetten aus .
Am zweitbeliebtesten ist Tennis mit ca. 10 - 15 % gefolgt von Basketball .
Ebenso ausgebaut ist der Livestream bei Ladbrokes .
Dabei werden sogar TV Wetten mit in das Programm aufgenommen , welches für das Unternehmen recht kompliziert erscheint .
Dennoch wird auf dieses Angebot nicht verzichtet .
Als Fazit kann also gesagt werden , dass Ladbrokes sich den Karrierestand wesentlich verdient hat .
Mit einer überzeugenden Sicherheit und einem erhöhten Angebot sollten Spieler auf ihre Kosten kommen .
More than ever before , people are sharing and storing their photos online .
But until recently , you had to edit your photos using client software on your computer .
Today , we 're excited to announce that Google has acquired Picnik , one of the first sites to bring photo editing to the cloud .
Using Picnik , you can crop , do touch - ups and add cool effects to your photos , all without leaving your web browser .
We 're not announcing any significant changes to Picnik today , though we 'll be working hard on integration and new features .
As well , we 'd like to continue supporting all existing Picnik partners so that users will continue to be able to add their photos from other photo sharing sites , make edits in the cloud and then save and share to all relevant networks .
We 're very impressed with the Picnik team and the product they 've created , and we 're excited to welcome them to Google .
We 're looking forward to collaborating closely with them to improve the online photo editing experience on the web .
In the meantime , we encourage you to head to Picnik , import some of your photos from Picasa Web Albums , Flickr or Facebook and try your hand at photo editing in the cloud !
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Escalada de violencia Peinan 4 estados en busca de El jefe Diego Diego Fernández de Cevallos en una reunión en materia electoral en Gobernación , el 20 de febrero de 1990 Foto Fabrizio León Comando armado lo levantó , dicen fuentes oficiales
Escalada de violencia Ordena Calderón al gabinete de seguridad respaldar el operativo
El titular del Ejecutivo retrasa hora y media su viaje a España
Escalada de violencia Indaga PGR el delito de desaparición de persona La Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) informó que investiga el delito de desaparición de persona en el caso del panista Diego Fernández de Cevallos Ramos y que colabora en la investigación que inició la procuraduría de Querétaro .
Hasta el momento no se ha confirmado la atracción del caso .
Continuar
Escalada de violencia Querétaro , antes entidad segura , ahora refugia a narcos Presunto pacto entre bandas para evitar enfrentamientos ahí La zona serrana es “ ruta de paso de Los Zetas ”
Escalada de violencia
El rumor que empezó en la mañana se confirmó casi a las 3 de la tarde Sedena , PGR y SSP buscan al panista por tierra y aire
Escalada de violencia Controversial , Diego ha estado presente en hechos clave del país Ligado a Salinas , votó por quemar boletas del 88 Siendo legislador , litigó contra el Estado , y ganó
Tiroteo militar en Chihuahua a 2 autos de aspirante a la gubernatura
Fue accidental ; a un soldado que vigilaba el aeropuerto se le disparó el arma , dice comandante El priísta César Duarte responsabiliza al gobierno de la República del incidente y exige investigar
Beneficiará a México que EU reduzca consumo de drogas , afirma Ebrard El Estado debe garantizar seguridad de candidatos , afirma en Durango
Debe readecuarse lucha antinarco : Peña Nieto Tlaxcala , Tlax .
El gobernador del estado de México , Enrique Peña Nieto , avaló el uso del Ejército para impedir que el crimen organizado rebase al Estado mexicano .
Reconoció aciertos a la estrategia federal contra la inseguridad pero consideró que debe readecuarse porque la ola de violencia se ha extendido a todo el país ; una prueba es el reciente asesinato de José Mario Guajardo Varela , precandidato panista a la alcaldía de Valle Hermoso , Tamaulipas .
Durante su visita de apoyo al candidato a la gubernatura de la coalición Unidos por Tlaxcala , Mariano González Zarur , el mandatario mexiquense refirió que al margen de campañas electorales y diferencias políticas , los fenómenos de la delincuencia organizada exigen unir fuerzas y responder con un frente común .
También desestimó las denuncias en su contra por apoyar a candidatos priístas en las entidades donde habrá comicios este año .
Continuar
Auto de formal prisión a presuntos traficantes
Un juzgado federal con residencia en Nayarit dictó auto de formal prisión contra dos presuntos colaboradores del grupo delictivo La Familia Michoacana , detenidos por la Policía Federal el pasado 3 de marzo en el municipio de Tultepec , estado de México .
La Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) indicó en un comunicado que el fiscal de la Unidad Especializada en Investigación de Delitos contra la Salud de la SIEDO obtuvo del juzgado segundo de distrito de procesos penales federales en Nayarit un auto de formal prisión contra José Antonio Barrón Ontiveros y Eduardo Herrejón Chávez .
Continuar
Grupo armado dispara contra bar en Coahuila ; ocho muertos En Durango , autoridades reportan el hallazgo de 4 decapitados
Los políticos , consternados por la desaparición de Fernández de Cevallos
No hay elementos para pensar que está muerto : César Nava
Plagia Ubisort a 11 mujeres y niños de San Juan Copala en la sierra triqui , denuncian Responsabilizan de la agresión a Rufino Juárez , de la comunidad de La Sabana Otras 24 personas evadieron el cerco paramilitar que asedia al municipio autónomo
Castigo severo a quien interrumpa el servicio de energía eléctrica , pide Lozano
Se incentiva el SME cuando las cosas no funcionan en la CFE , dice el funcionario Anuncia el sindicato que demandará a Alejandro Muñoz por acusar de sabotaje a la dirigencia
Efectos de los 21 días de ayuno de los electricistas se intensifican Cuatro huelguistas , hospitalizados por graves daños a su salud
Calderón y Elías Ayub encabezan a los saboteadores reales : AMLO Preparan entrega de la fibra óptica a Televisa y Telefónica , señala Las fallas en el suministro de energía , por el despido de 40 mil electricistas
Aumentan 27 % las quejas contra la CFE en el primer cuatrimestre : Profeco Cobros indebidos y deficiencias en el servicio , las razones ; fue sancionada 18 veces
Electricistas no hallan trabajo Cuernavaca , Mor. , 15 de mayo .
Ninguno de los 470 trabajadores de Luz y Fuerza del Centro ( LFC ) de la división Cuernavaca ha encontrado empleo formal desde que el gobierno federal ordenó , el 11 de octubre pasado , la extinción de la paraestatal , afirmó Héctor Salazar Porcayo , dirigente del Sindicato Mexicano de Electricistas ( SME ) en la entidad .
Continuar
Falta de mantenimiento a red eléctrica causó explosiones : ex funcionario de CFE Ayer , cuatro cortocircuitos en instalaciones subterráneas del Centro Histórico La comisión no ha dedicado suficientes recursos para mejorar el servicio : Apodaca Villarreal
Gran rezago legislativo en San Lázaro ; aprobaron sólo 38 de 864 iniciativas El Senado ha turnado 83 minutas y los diputados apenas han avalado 21 Los dos periodos ordinarios fueron de los peores en cuanto a elaboración de leyes y dictámenes
Analizarán rectores clima de inseguridad
Ante la ola de violencia que vive el país , rectores de diversas instituciones públicas de educación superior se reunirán el próximo martes para analizar las condiciones de inseguridad que enfrentan las comunidades de universitarios en el país y emitir un pronunciamiento .
Continuar
Analizan reforma pro refugiados
En la Cámara de Diputados se analiza la reforma presidencial por la que se crea un nuevo marco jurídico en materia de refugiados , la que otorga protección complementaria a los extranjeros que tienen esa condición migratoria e impide que sean devueltos a sus países de origen cuando su vida e integridad corran peligro .
Continuar
Uganda 's Anti-Gay Bill Threatens Human Rights
by : Care2.com
recipient : Yowen Kaguta Museveni , President of Uganda
There is a dangerous proposal that threatens the human rights of LGBT people in Uganda .
If passed , Uganda 's Anti-Homosexuality Bill would start a witch - hunt for homosexuals in the country .
Its punishments include :
* A 7 year jail sentence for consenting adults who have LGBT sex
* A life sentence for people in same - sex marriages
* Extradition and prosecution of LGBT Ugandans living abroad
* The death penalty for adults who have LGBT sex with minors or who communicate HIV via LGBT sex , regardless of condom usage
* Jail for anyone who does n't report suspected LGBT activity within 24 hours
The bill also endangers HIV / AIDS programs , and may be exploited by those wanting to abolish these programs .
This proposed legislation is anti-ethical , anti-equality and anti-human rights .
Tell Uganda 's President Museveni that this bill is unacceptable , and that people should not be criminalized for sexual orientation or gender identity .
read petition letter ▾
Passing this bill threatens human rights by executing punishments for gay / lesbian activity , including :
* A 7 year jail sentence for consenting adults who have gay / lesbian sex
* A life sentence for people in same - sex marriages
* Extradition and prosecution of gay / lesbian Ugandans living abroad
* The death penalty for adults who have gay / lesbian sex with minors or who communicate HIV via gay / lesbian sex , regardless of condom usage
* Jail for anyone who does n't report suspected gay / lesbian activity within 24 hours
I believe these measures are unacceptable ; people should not be criminalized for sexual orientation or gender identity .
I urge you to eradicate this law and to denounce discrimination of Uganda 's gay / lesbian community .
Although touted as a way to " uphold Uganda 's integrity " , the Anti-Homosexuality bill is a disturbing legislation that condones discrimination and violence against gay / lesbian citizens .
Passing this bill threatens human rights by executing punishments for gay / lesbian activity , including : * A 7 year jail sentence for consenting adults who have gay / lesbian sex *
A life sentence for people in same - sex marriages *
Extradition and prosecution of gay / lesbian Ugandans living abroad *
The death penalty for adults who have gay / lesbian sex with minors or who communicate HIV via gay / lesbian sex , regardless of condom usage *
Jail for anyone who does n't report suspected gay / lesbian activity within 24 hoursI believe these measures are unacceptable ; people should not be criminalized for sexual orientation or gender identity .
I urge you to eradicate this law and to denounce discrimination of Uganda 's gay / lesbian community .
Middle class Americans are witnessing the conversion of their retirement accounts into gambling pots used by Wall Street .
The metamorphosis of Wall Street into one giant fraud ridden center moved by investment banking funds has slowly occurred over the last four decades .
Average Americans have sat back over these years since they were given enough hope that they too , by investing in Wall Street managed funds can also become a multi-millionaire if they just try hard enough .
Yet this was all one giant ruse and direct challenge to the middle class to basically allow a bunch of financial predators to siphon off any productive value from the economy .
The 401k for example was a small unheard of investment item two decades ago .
It has now become a larger part of the retirement pie for Americans .
The idea of not working and having a long retirement is actually rather new to this era :
When Social Security came about in the 1930s , it was largely a program to keep families from starving and from going absolutely broke .
It was never intended as a long - term benefits program .
Yet life expectancy has increased over time and now today , many Americans depend on Social Security as their primary source of retirement :
58 million Americans receive either Social Security or SSI.
37 million Americans receive Social Security benefits from reaching retirement age ( this will grow with baby boomers retiring ) .
And do n’t think that middle class Americans are living it up with Social Security .
The average monthly benefit from 53 million beneficiaries is $ 1,066 yet a large number of Americans depend on this as their primary source of retirement .
Some recent surveys say that as many as 1 out of 4 Americans will depend completely on Social Security as their primary retirement source .
As fragile as Social Security might appear , the 401k has become the bigger scam for Americans .
Many companies only offer a handful of investments to Americans to choose from and many are managed by the same Wall Street crooks that have caused massive volatility in the markets .
The 401k has allowed many employers to push off the retirement question or even caring about their workers as they once did by :
- Using Social Security as the last stop - gap measure - Claiming they do n’t need to have any sort of pension plan
Many companies have no loyalty to any worker .
Over the decades Wall Street has brainwashed the public into believing that companies can do whatever they want to employees because Wall Street is just a “ free market ” where goods can travel where they want .
But as we are now realizing , Wall Street is simply one selective syndicate that decides to transfer wealth to the top 1 percent of our country with really no work involved .
It is manipulation and stealing of the productivity of the working economy .
The 401k was used with sophisticated charts put together by large investment firms showing Americans that if they only put away 5 , 10 , or even 15 percent of their income into the stock market through the magic of compounding , they too can retire rich just like their Wall Street idols .
Of course , this has all been a sham and many middle class Americans are waking up .
Over the last decade the stock market has done nothing but move sideways while miraculously , the banking sector has gotten bigger and bigger :
After 10 years , the S&P 500 is down over 20 % even after the record breaking stock market rally .
No compounding going on here .
And when the market can fall 700 points in a matter of minutes , we start to realize that many retirement accounts are merely greasing the wheels of the Wall Street roulette game .
So this absurd notion of easy street has been pushed and sold by Wall Street to take away the responsibility banks and companies have for their workers .
They like to claim all is a free market but have no problem taking trillions in taxpayer bailouts .
Let us not forget that many Wall Street banks would be gone today without government assistance .
Let us dig deeper into the details of the 401k :
“ ( Bloomberg ) The average 401 ( k ) fund balance dropped 31 percent to $ 47,500 at the end of March 2009 from $ 69,200 at the end of 2007 , according to a Fidelity Investments review of 11 million accounts it manages .
The average balance of the Fidelity accounts recovered , to $ 60,700 , as last Sept. 30 as the stock market rebounded . ”
“ Seven in 10 U.S. households object to the idea of the government requiring retirees to convert part of their savings into annuities guaranteeing lifetime payments , according to an institute - funded report today .
The Washington - based institute represents the mutual - fund industry . ”
I actually find this part interesting .
The average retirement account balance is small relative to what is needed in retirement .
How long will $ 60,000 last you without a paycheck ?
Think you can cover your rent / house payment , medical bills , food , college for kids , and other items for 1 , 2 , or even 3 decades ?
But many Americans , even after two decades of pure gambling on Wall Street still want to believe in that Horatio Alger myth :
“ People value the tool of the 401 ( k ) , ” Paul Schott Stevens , chief executive officer of the institute , said at a news conference in Washington .
“ They do not want government to take it away from them .
They think the structure works very effectively . ”
U.S. direct - contribution plans , which include 401 ( k ) and other employer - sponsored retirement programs , held about $ 3.6 trillion as of mid-2009 , according to the report .
They account for 25 percent of total U.S. retirement assets .
Annuities , with $ 1.4 trillion , represent about 10 percent of U.S. retirement funds . ”
The structure does not work effectively .
The stock market has not gained over the last decade .
You would have done better by buying CDs or sticking your money into the mattress over the past decade .
This is n’t because we have no good companies in the U.S.
On the contrary , we do and we still have the strongest economy around the globe .
But Wall Street uses that as a way of leveraging to the max and putting solid companies at risk for raids and stock manipulation .
Yet Wall Street and the financial industry like to parade the “ average ” retirement account including the millions of the top 1 percent ; the actual details are different :
Source : U.S. Census
While it is true that the average retirement accounts for many Americans is near $ 50,000 half of Americans have $ 2,000 or less in their account .
Many middle class Americans are simply not prepared for retirement .
Even with Social Security , this will only be a small amount .
So with a large number of baby boomer depending on a smaller income in years to come , what does this do to our consumption based economy ?
Also , you have to sell your stocks to get the funds out of them so what is going to happen with millions of baby boomer selling stocks into a market where younger Americans have very little to save , not to mention save for retirement ?
I found an article back in 2002 talking about the 401k and the same issues were present even then .
But these articles are quickly forgotten after the stock market and housing bubble took off :
“ While the fall in savings due to the stock market losses are causing a huge financial strain , many workers have no savings at all .
According to a USA Today / Gallop Poll , more than one - third of adults say they have no money saved in any kind of retirement account and half of all households did not save a penny last year .
“ The average American household has virtually no chance to reach an adequate retirement savings in the next 50 years , ” commented Christian Weller of the Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) . ”
Ironically things are worse today .
As we have shown in the above chart , the stock market is basically back to 2000 price levels .
A large part of Americans have no savings and no retirement accounts so they are completely at the mercy at whatever is available .
Keep in mind we now have 40 million Americans receiving food assistance .
401 k accounts also had the phony allure of having “ company ” matching funds but this only went up to a certain point of income :
“ Even when companies offered matching contributions to 401 ( k ) plans , on average they only contributed 2 percent of pay , compared to the 6 to 7 percent of pay they typically contributed to traditional pension funds .
Enron , like many companies , strongly encouraged employees to invest in the company ’s stock .
Thousands of Enron ’s current , laid - off and retired workers lost most of their life savings when the company prevented workers from selling its stock held in 401 ( k ) accounts , just as the stock price was plummeting . ”
Much of that is gone today .
Many companies are now using the recession as an excuse to even take away the company match .
So now you are left putting money into the stock market while half of trades are basically computer generated trades in the big giant casino .
Average Americans are basically putting their money into the one arm bandit of Wall Street .
Yet someone as usual is taking the profits :
“ Reports on account balances in 401 ( k ) plans often give a more optimistic picture of retirement savings , because the assets of higher income workers skew the results .
At the end of 2000 , while the average account balance was $ 49,024 , 44 percent of participants had balances of less than $ 10,000 .
In contrast to the plight of working people , however , the top executives of companies engulfed in financial scandals have no retirement worries , even in those instances where their companies have collapsed .
In the case of Enron , Jeffrey Skilling made $ 78 million .
Laid - off Enron workers received a mere $ 4,500 severance payment , no matter how many years they had worked for the company . ”
This is a battle for the survival of the middle class .
Many baby boomers who once believed Wall Street would be there to protect them will find they are out to sea with no paddle .
Maybe this will wake many people up to take action but given the strong belief in the get rich myth , you wonder if many would rather be paupers as long as they can believe in the phony notion of big money with little work and effort .
After all , Wall Street has mastered that game plan .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The senior Republican on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee cast doubt on Tuesday on the Obama administration ’s assertions that the Pakistani Taliban orchestrated the attempted car bombing in New York on May 1 .
Senator Kit Bond , after a briefing by U.S. counterterrorism and law enforcement officials , said it was not confirmed the accused bomber -- Faisal Shahzad , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan -- was working for the Islamist group .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Sunday evidence showed the Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) helped direct the failed attack in New York ’s teeming Times Square and likely assisted in financing it .
“ I am not convinced by the information that I ’ve seen so far that there was adequate , confirmable intelligence to corroborate the statements that were made on Sunday television shows , ” Bond told reporters after the classified briefing .
“ We ’ve heard lots of suspicions and tenuous connections , but as far as I ’m concerned you ca n’t make statements prior to getting the intelligence . ”
Republicans have been openly and repeatedly critical of the handling of terrorism cases by the administration of President Barack Obama , a Democrat .
The chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Dianne Feinstein , emerged from the same briefing disagreeing with Bond .
She said there was a “ high likelihood ” of interactions between Shahzad and the Pakistani Taliban .
TTP , based in Pakistan ’s lawless border regions , claimed responsibility on May 2 for the attempted attack .
Shahzad , 30 , was arrested trying to flee the United States on a flight to Dubai .
He has admitted to the plot and to receiving bomb training in Waziristan , Pakistan , U.S. prosecutors have said .
One U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said later on Tuesday : “ There are indications that the TTP was involved in the Times Square attempt . ”
A Justice Department spokeswoman declined to comment on Bond ’s remarks .
As part of the U.S. - led war against Islamist militants in neighboring Afghanistan , U.S. drone aircraft launched two attacks on a Taliban and al Qaeda stronghold in Pakistan , killing at least 24 suspected fighters .
“ COMPLETELY UNDER THE RADAR ”
U.S. officials initially doubted the TTP claim over the New York plot .
But after Shahzad ’s arrest , Holder came out publicly to say there was a connection .
“ The evidence we ’ve now developed shows that the Pakistani Taliban has directed this plot , ” Holder said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” on Sunday .
“ And I suspect that we are going to come up with evidence which shows that they helped to finance it . ”
Feinstein expressed concern that Shahzad was “ completely under the radar ” of law enforcement .
“ It ’s clear we ’re facing a new kind of attacker , who ’s already here and able to hide in plain sight , and we need to think about new defenses , ” she said .
Under pressure from Democrats in the Senate , the State Department said on Tuesday it was looking at adding TTP to the U.S. list of “ foreign terrorist ” groups .
In New York , the city ’s police commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters Shahzad knew authorities were pursuing him and tried to leave the country after federal officials leaked information about the investigation .
Shahzad was arrested by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents in New York minutes before his Emirates Airline flight was to depart .
He had eluded law enforcement agents earlier in the day .
Kelly said Shahzad was tipped off by media reports that authorities were hunting for a Pakistani - American identified as the buyer of the sport utility vehicle used to carry a crude bomb made of fuel and fireworks into Times Square .
“ There was an inordinate amount of information given out by somebody in this case , ” Kelly said .
“ He already knew that we were looking for him .
That is not helpful and I think the government has to look internally to see that does n’t happen . ”
Kelly said the information was not leaked by New York police .
The FBI and Justice Department declined to comment .
Since his arrest , Shahzad has been talking with authorities and waived his legal rights .
“ Over the past week - and - a - half we have been working to understand everything we can about Shahzad , ” Kelly said , adding his story was “ another classic case of homegrown terrorism . ”
At an appearance in Oakland , California , Holder told reporters the incident was “ troubling but also indicative of what we ’ve seen over the past year . ”
: width
: height
: volume ( 0 to 100 )
:autoplay ( 0 to disable )
: start ( time in seconds )
: loop ( 1 to enable ) [ YouTube only ]
: hidevideo ( 1 to just play audio ) [ YouTube only ]
: newline ( 1 to add a line break afterwards )
Make your own interweb mashup !
https://www.samgentle.com/interwebmashup/?items=[number]&0:youtube=[id]&1:imgur=[id]&1:height=500px etc... Supported mashy services : Supported parameters : Bug reports , feature requests , Nigerian business proposals etc to sam@samgentle.com
In “ Best Worst Movie , ” Michael Paul Stephenson makes his directorial debut by taking us on an offbeat journey into the undisputed worst movie in cinematic history , Troll 2 , in which he starred in as a child .
In 1989 , Italian director Claudio Fragrasso cast small — town dentist Dr. George Hardy and a group of unwitting Utah actors , including Stephenson , in the ultra — low budget horror film .
Soon after Troll 2 ’s disastrous release , Dr. Hardy retired from his short — lived acting career and returned to dentistry in his hometown of Alabama , unaware of the legions of fans that would one day recognize him as a cult movie luminary .
Twenty years later , Dr. Hardy ’s days of drilling cavities are met by nights of signing autographs at sold — out revival screenings throughout the world .
Admiring fans champion Troll 2 through fan sites , viral videos , and even homage in one of the most successful video games today : Sony Playstation ’s Guitar Hero 2 .
Best Worst Movie unravels the improbable , heartfelt story of the Alabama dentist — turned — cult movie icon and the Italian filmmaker who come to terms — or not — with this genuine , internationally revered cinematic failure .
The result is a hilarious and tender offbeat journey that pays homage to lovers of bad movies and the people that make them .
Stephenson , alongside Lindsay Stephenson and Brad Klopman serve as the producers on the film .
e Scan strives hard to provide real time protection to its users with advanced level threat detection and mitigation technologies .
Please note :
All our trial versions come with fully functional features of the respective product , for your evaluation .
NOTE : Please enter a valid email address as a copy of download link will be sent to the above email address .
Select Your Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas , The Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo , Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire ( Ivory Coast ) Croatia ( Hrvatska ) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands ( Islas Malvinas ) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia , The Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong S.A.R. Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Korea , North Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau S.A.R. Macedonia , Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles Netherlands , The New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau palestine Panama Papua new Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Island Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent And The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State ( Holy See ) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands ( British ) VirginIslands ( US ) Wallis And Futuna Islands Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe
Do you want to receive newsletters , product updates and special offers ?
Yes No
NOTE : MicroWorld will not sell this email address to any third parties .
The emails sent by us will contain complete unsubscribe information , and you may opt - out of receiving future emails at anytime .
I confirm that I have fully read , understood , and accepted the Privacy Statement describing how personal data is handled .
( To continue , you need to confirm that you accept the Privacy Statement . )
Bologna verschärft die Benachteiligung von Nicht - Akademiker - Kindern Florian Rötzer
Kinder aus den unteren Einkommensschichten müssen neben dem Studium mehr arbeiten und erfahren zahlreiche Benachteiligungen
Die letzte Sozialerhebung des Deutschen Studentenwerks ( DSW ) hat wieder einmal deutlich vor Augen geführt , dass es keine Chancengleichheit in Deutschlands Bildungssystem gibt .
2007 studierten von 100 Akademiker - Kindern 71 , von 100 Nicht - Akademiker - Kindern aber nur 24 .
Die sozialen Schichten sind also relativ abgedichtet und reproduzieren sich ( Hochschulbildung wird innerhalb der Akademikerschicht vererbt ) .
Eine Studie der Hans - Böckler - Stiftung bestätigt die Benachteiligung der Kinder aus Familien mit einem geringen Einkommen , die Hindernisse seien " groß und folgenreich " .
Zwar schneiden Arbeiterkinder im Studium ebenso gut ab wie Kinder aus den anderen sozialen Schichten und brechen auch nicht häufiger das Studium ab , aber sie müssen während des Studiums meist zusätzlich Geld verdienen , weil sie weniger Unterstützung von ihren Eltern erhalten ( können ) , und sie werden seltener von den Professoren gefördert .
Die Benachteiligung beginne schon zu Beginn des Studiums zu greifen , da Kinder aus ärmeren Schichten sicherheitshalber und aufgrund der geringeren Finanzmittel eher " kürzere , strukturiertere und anwendungsbezogene Studiengänge " sowie eine nahe gelegene Universität bevorzugen , die aufgrund der eigenen finanziellen Situation , aber nicht nach der Qualität der Ausbildung gewählt wird .
Wenn vermehrt an den Universitäten Auswahlverfahren eingeführt werden , dann wird sich die soziale Selektion wohl noch weiter erhöhen , da die Selbstsicherheit nicht so groß ist .
Die Wissenschaftler sprechen von einer " geringeren Bluff - Kompetenz " .
Das wirkt sich auch bei Prüfungen , Entscheidungen für eine Promotion oder Bewerbung für ein Stipendium aus und jetzt beim Übergang vom Bachelor - zu einem Master - Studium aus .
Bislang haben sich viel weniger Studenten , die aus niedrigeren Schichten stammen , für eine Promotion entschieden .
Auch während es Studiums gibt es dadurch Benachteiligungen , sagen die Wissenschaftler : " Sie tun sich schwerer , bei Diskussionen das Wort zu ergreifen und auf sich aufmerksam zu machen .
Darum fällt ihre Leistungsfähigkeit seltener auf , sie kommen nicht so oft in die Auswahl für eine Tutoren - oder Hilfskraftstelle . "
Ganz klar im Vorteil sind Akademikerkinder finanziell .
Zwei Drittel von ihnen können ihr Studium ausschließlich mit dem Geld der Eltern finanzieren , bei Kindern von ungelernten Arbeitern sind das 15 , von Handwerksmeistern 20 Prozent .
Verstärkt wird das Problem , weil häufig die Unterstützung während des Studiums geringer wird und daher in der wichtigen Phase des Studienabschlusses die Geldprobleme größer werden , also noch mehr zusätzlich neben dem Studium gearbeitet werden muss .
Muss das Studium hauptsächlich durch Arbeit finanziert werden , dann können schon zwei volle Werkstage für das Studium wegfallen .
Die Einführung der Bachelor - Studiengänge , die eine höhere Arbeitsbelastung , regelmäßige Tests und einen dichteren Stundenplan mit sich bringen , erhöht die bereits existierenden Probleme : " Man schafft eine Situation , in der junge Leute arbeiten müssen , lässt ihnen aber nicht die Zeit dazu " , kommentieren die Wissenschaftler .
Dazu kommt der zunehmende Anspruch der Internationalisierung der Ausbildung , wozu auch Auslandssemester gehören , die für Akademikerkinder bereits zur Selbstverständlichkeit geworden seien , von Studenten mit knappen Geldmitteln aber sehr viel weniger häufig wahrgenommen werden können : " Die soziale und finanzielle Hemmschwelle zur Mobilität , wie bereits bei der Hochschulwahl oder einem Hochschulwechsel erkennbar , hat sich für Studierende einfacher sozialer Herkunft bei der Auslandsmobilität noch erhöht .
Insofern werden Arbeiterkinder gleichsam aus dem Europäischen Hochschulraum ausgeschlossen , denn die Auslandsmobilität ist eines der ursprünglichen und hauptsächlichen Ziele des Bologna - Prozesses . "
Das BAföG leistet einen Ausgleich weniger als früher .
Nur noch die Hälfte der Arbeiterkinder erhält heute die Ausbildungsförderung , 1993 waren es noch 63 Prozent , erforderlich wäre , so die Wissenschaftler , aber 80 Prozent .
Das sei ein " eindeutige Rückschritt im Bemühen um soziale Chancengleichheit " .
Statt aber für eine stärkere Chancengleichheit im Studium zu sorgen , soll jetzt nicht nur auch hier wie in Hessen weiter gespart werden ( Roland Koch bläst zum Angriff auf die Bildung ) , auch das von der FPD geplante einkommensunabhängige Stipendium setzt sich über den Bedarf hinweg und verstärkt die Chancenungleichheit .
Schon jetzt fördert die Begabtenförderung diejenigen , die meist keine Unterstützung benötigen : 71 Prozent der Geförderten sind Akademikerkinder .
Valve 's not - so - subtle hints that Steam would be coming to the Mac platform were met with a great deal of enthusiasm from the wholly under - served community of gamers who own Apple hardware .
It has been years of slim pickings for Mac owners .
We 've been playing with the beta of the Steam service on a variety of Mac systems over the weekend , and while this may not be the Holy Grail for Mac gaming some had hoped it would be , the future is indeed brighter than it once was .
Let 's take a look .
The beta is barely a taste
The only game available to play in the beta so far is Portal , which is n't exactly a cutting - edge title .
I was able to play fine with my Unibody MacBook Pro after chopping down a few of the graphical options and hooking up an external USB mouse .
The touchpad on newer Macbooks is great for productivity , but it 's not exactly optimal for gaming performance .
If you 're a Razer fan , be aware that there are now full Mac drivers for all their products ... possibly preparing the hardware for the rollout of this very service .
MacBook Pros include two GPUs , and Steam gently reminded me that I had my system set to use only one of them for longer battery life , offering a link to my system 's settings to remedy this problem .
I turned on the more powerful — and battery - limited — GPU for better gaming performance .
I was also asked to enable " access for assistive devices " in system preferences under Universal Access .
After that , the game worked beautifully .
As anyone with a Windows partition on his or her Mac OS X systems already knows , Mac hardware is hardly going to replace any similarly priced gaming PC , but newer models certainly have the horsepower to run Source - based games at a very playable framerate , as long as you do n't mind monkeying around in the graphical options to find settings that work best for your system .
What this means moving forward
With only one game available for now , the beta mainly just shows the Steam client working .
Soon we 'll have access to Team Fortress 2 to try out , but as that 's another game based on the Source engine it 's doubtful there will be much to learn from running it ... outside of the fact that we can .
In fact , Valve is going to be the big winner for a while here unless other companies step up : a ported Source engine allows Portal , Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2 , Half - Life 2 ( and all its episodes ) , and Team Fortress 2 to be available for sale when the service launches .
Portal 2 is another game likely to be released day and date on Macs .
Valve is going to launch a service on the Mac that will be offering a good selection of its own games to a customer base hungry for titles .
That 's a very good position to be in .
There 's the symbol !
Good news if you run Windows and Mac OS X : if you already own these games on the PC you wo n't have to pay for another license on your Apple computers .
If you already own Left 4 Dead , you 'll be able to download it again on your MacBook and play .
In fact , when the client leaves beta for wide release , a new storefront dedicated to Mac games will be available .
" Once the Mac beta ends , we 'll have the store up and running with a collection of your favorite Mac games and a continually growing catalog , " the beta page states .
" Buy games once and play them on any Mac or PC .
Just look for the SteamPlay symbol when shopping . "
Games bearing that symbol will work on both your PC and Mac , no matter which system you bought them for .
This is what Steam is really going to bring to the table : a powerful incentive for more developers and publishers to port their games to Mac OS X. Steam has some serious momentum in the world of digital distribution , and if Valve 's own games begin to sell in large numbers to Mac gamers , others will pay attention .
Being able to buy a game that will work on all your PCs is a powerful value - add for gaming consumers , and this is a very good day for Mac gamers .
The open question is whether more publishers will step up and take advantage of the opportunity .
The Steam client for Macs will be available on May 12 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Chancellor George Osborne has outlined plans to cut £ 6.2 bn of what he calls " wasteful spending " to start to reduce the budget deficit .
There will be cuts to quangos , spending on consultancy and big IT projects and a civil service recruitment freeze .
Child Trust Funds will be axed by January but funding for schools and Sure Start will be protected , he said .
Shadow Chancellor Alistair Darling said Mr Osborne must " come clean " on the details and how many jobs were at risk .
Of the cuts identified , £ 500 m is to be reinvested in further education , apprenticeships and social housing , leaving a net spending cut of £ 5.7bn - less than 1 % of total government spending .
The savings , according to the government , will break down as : £ 1.15 bn in " discretionary areas " like consultancy and travel costs , £ 95 m through savings in IT spending , £ 1.7 bn through delaying / stopping contracts and projects and renegotiating with suppliers
£ 170 m from reducing property costs , at least £ 120 m from a civil service recruitment freeze and £ 600 m from reducing quango costs and £ 520 m from other " lower value " spend
The biggest cuts by department are £ 683 m ( 4.6 % of departmental budget ) at Transport , £ 780 m ( 7.2 % ) at Communities and Local Government , £ 836 m ( 3.8 % ) at Business , £ 670 m ( 1.1 % ) at Education and £ 325 m ( 3.2 % ) Department for Justice
The devolved administrations in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland would have to save £ 704 m - although they would have the option of deferring savings until the following year
And local authorities - which will be expected to save £ 1.165 bn - will be given more " flexibility " to find savings as " ring - fences " around government grants are being removed .
Most of the money saved this year will be used to reduce the deficit - which was £ 156bn in 2009 / 10 .
Next year the savings will offset the decision not to bring in the full National Insurance rise Labour planned for April 2011 .
Chief secretary to the Treasury David Laws said Child Trust Fund payments would be axed by January .
He said halting these £ 250 payments to newborns from the end of the year - and the £ 250 top - up payments at age seven from August - would save £ 320 m during the current year .
The years of public sector plenty are over , but the more decisively we act the quicker and stronger we can come through these tough times
David Laws
Chief Secretary to the Treasury
At -a- glance : Spending cuts University places cut Child Trust Funds axed
He said Child Trust Fund money which would have gone to disabled children would instead be used to provide respite care - amounting to 8,000 week - long breaks for severely disabled children .
The coalition government also plans to save £ 320 m by ending " ineffective elements of employment programmes " - including the Future Jobs Fund which aims to provide work or training places for 18 to 24 - year - olds who have been out of work for a year .
And extra university places and schools services in England are to be cut - Labour had promised an extra 20,000 university places but this has been cut to 10,000 .
Mr Osborne and Mr Laws did not say how many public sector jobs were expected to go - but said the bulk would come from not filling posts as people left them .
Public servants will be stopped from travelling first class and ministers from having a dedicated car and driver - instead they will be expected to walk , use public transport or pooled cars .
Mr Laws said the cuts were designed to send a " shockwave " through government departments and discourage waste but he said they would protect " as far as is possible " key front line services and protect those on the " lowest incomes " .
' Protect jobs '
He will chair an " efficiency and reform group " with Cabinet Office Minister Francis Maude to help push through the savings .
Mr Laws said : " The years of public sector plenty are over , but the more decisively we act the quicker and stronger we can come through these tough times .
This is not a common - or - garden Whitehall pruning exercise .
It is the first round in what is going to be a long - and painful - game
Stephanie Flanders
BBC economics editor
Flanders : Scalpel before axe Peston : Will firms applaud cuts ?
Robinson :
Not the last " We also promise to cut with care , we are going to be a progressive government even in these tough times . "
Chancellor Mr Osborne argued that unless the government tackled huge public debt , it could derail the economic recovery .
" We need to take urgent action to keep our interest rates lower for longer , to boost confidence in the economy , and protect jobs to show the world we can live within our means .
" We need to tackle the deficit so that our debt repayments do n't spiral out of control .
And the more we do now the more we can spend on the things that really matter in the years ahead . "
' Very disappointed '
The announcement is the first step in the coalition government 's attempt to eliminate the bulk of the UK 's budget deficit over the next five years .
But the respected Institute for Fiscal Studies said it amounted to less than a tenth of the " fiscal repair job " needed over the period on the basis of assumptions in Labour 's last Budget in March .
The announcement proceeds the government 's emergency Budget on 22 June , its autumn review of long - term departmental spending and an audit of all spending commitments approved since the start of 2010 .
Mr Laws acknowledged there would be " even tougher decisions " ahead adding : " This is only the first step on what will be a long road to restore good management to our public finances . "
This is the first big mistake made by this government on the economy
Ed Balls , Shadow Education Secretary
Scottish cuts outlined NI executive faces £ 128 m cut Details of Welsh budget cuts During the election , the Lib Dems and Conservatives disagreed over the need for cuts this year but those differences were put aside as both sides made compromises in their coalition deal .
Becta , the government 's technology agency for schools which employs 240 staff in Coventry , has been abolished .
Its chairman Graham Badman , and chief executive , Stephen Crowne , said they were " very disappointed " and said the agency saved schools and colleges " many more times " more money than Becta cost to run .
Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney said Scotland would put off its £ 332 m share of the savings until next year , arguing that to do so this year risked " undermining the recovery " and because Holyrood had already approved its budget for 2010 / 11 .
Wales '
First Minister Carwyn Jones has previously welcomed the " flexibility " to postpone cuts .
Both had predicted cuts would be higher in Scotland and Wales .
Shadow Chancellor Alistair Darling told the BBC there was a lack of detail : " There could be thousands of jobs affected by this , there could be measures that could damage growth .
I would be very , very concerned about that . "
' Greater savings ' Shadow Education Secretary Ed Balls , one of those running for the Labour leadership , said it was a " complete fantasy " to suggest the measures would not result in job losses , describing the announcement as the " first big mistake made by this government on the economy " .
And union leaders described the plans as " deeply worrying " .
" With the UK economy and the economies of our trading partners in Europe so fragile , this is not the right time to be cutting back , " Brendan Barber , TUC general secretary , said .
But employers ' group , the CBI , said it was " encouraged " by the steps being taken , saying they were a " painful but necessary " move in showing the UK was serious about tackling its borrowing levels .
Dame Margaret Eaton , chairman of the Local Government Association , said : " If there are tough decisions to make , they are best taken by the people who know their area best , so it is good the Government is giving councils more freedom over spending and starting the business of cutting the quango state down to size . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Workers who use pot to relieve pain or nausea can be fired for drug use even if they have a state - issued medical marijuana card , the Oregon Supreme Court ruled Thursday .
In a decision hailed by business groups , the court said Oregon 's medical marijuana program must give way to federal laws controlling illegal drugs .
Specifically , laws that require employers to accommodate disabled workers do n't extend to medical marijuana use .
The 5 - 2 decision overturned an earlier Oregon Court of Appeals ruling in the case and a decision by the state Bureau of Labor and Industries , which had ordered back wages for a man who was fired by a Eugene steel fabrication firm after he acknowledged using pot .
The trade group Associated Oregon Industries said the decision " could not be better " for Oregon employers .
" The highest court in the state has now said that employers need not accommodate medical marijuana users in the workplace , " the group said in a news release .
It said employers should feel free to apply " zero - tolerance " drug policies and refuse to hire applicants who fail drug tests " regardless of medical marijuana registry status . "
Related stories
use and the rights of disabled workers " used to be a gray area , " said Portland attorney Rich Meneghello , who specializes in employment law .
But he will now advise clients they do n't have to accommodate such workers .
At its broadest application , the court 's ruling puts the Oregon Medical Marijuana Program in doubt , he said .
Federal law labels marijuana an illegal drug while Oregon says medical marijuana use is legal , and the court appears to be saying federal law trumps state law , Meneghello said .
The court 's ruling , written by Justice Rives Kistler , acknowledged that conundrum .
" To be sure , the two laws are logically inconsistent ; state law authorizes what federal law prohibits , " Kistler wrote .
He said Oregon 's medical marijuana act protects users from criminal prosecution under state law but did not prevent the employee from being fired for " illegal use of drugs . "
Oregon Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian called the court 's reasoning " troubling " because it undercuts a law voters approved in 1998 .
" As Oregonians , we have always believed strongly in our ability to determine the right public policy within our own borders , " Avakian said in a news release .
In a dissenting opinion , Justice Martha L. Walters said the ruling " wrongly limits the state 's power to make its own laws " regarding medical marijuana .
" I do not understand why ...
Oregon must fly only in federal formation and not , as Oregon 's motto provides , ' with her own wings , ' " Walters concluded .
A spokeswoman for the
said the ruling involves only employers and employees , and does n't appear to affect patients , caregivers and growers .
The case involved the 2003 firing of Anthony Scevers , a drill press operator with Emerald Steel Fabricators of Eugene .
According to court records , Scevers had suffered since 1992 from anxiety , panic attacks , nausea and vomiting .
He was granted a medical marijuana registry card in 2002 after a doctor determined he had a " debilitating medical condition " that was eased by smoking pot .
Scevers was hired in January 2003 on a temporary basis and was being considered for a full - time job .
At the time , he was using medical marijuana one to three times a day , but not at work .
Knowing he would have to pass a drug test to be hired permanently , Scevers told an Emerald Steel supervisor that he was a medical marijuana user and showed his documentation .
A week later , he was fired .
Scevers filed a claim with the Bureau of Labor and Industries , which ruled that Scevers ' medical condition qualified as a disability under state law and that Emerald Steel should have engaged in an " interactive process " to accommodate his medical marijuana use .
It ordered the company to pay Scevers $ 20,000 in lost wages and benefits and $ 25,000 for emotional suffering .
The Oregon Court of Appeals upheld the labor bureau 's decision , but the Supreme Court said both were wrong .
The money awarded to Scevers remained in bond during the appeals process and was never paid .
Eugene attorney Terence Hammons , who represented Emerald Steel , said the company fired Scevers because it feared he or someone else might get injured .
" Emerald Steel has some real dangerous pieces of equipment out there , " he said .
" They did n't want someone using equipment under the influence of marijuana .
The underlying concern was safety . "
Hammons said he does n't expect a " tremendous round of firings " because of the court decision , but it gives employers grounds to take action .
Scevers could not be reached for comment Thursday .
-- Bryan Denson of The Oregonian staff contributed to this report
A strange but ( allegedly ) true story emphasising the importance of food hygiene .
A woman had been absent from college for a number of weeks
When she returned one of her close friends was curious as to why she had been sick for so long .
The following story emerged .
The woman and the boyfriend enjoyed involving food in their foreplay : Mars bars , cream , syrup , gravy , peanut
butter , you name it .
One day the boyfriend , before going to work , made his sandwiches for the day , tuna and mayonnaise , leaving the leftover tuna mayo lying out on the kitchen top .
He went to work , came home , had dinner and relaxes in for a night in with his girlfriend .
Time passes and the pair of them get in the mood and start “ doing the do ” .
The boyfriend leaps up , after yodelling in the canyon for a while , and remembers the tuna Mayo .
He gets the tuna Mayo off the kitchen table and begins to slap it all over his girlfriend ’s body ( applying voluminous amounts to her vaginal area ) and starts to lick it off .
Two days later , after their night of tuna Mayo lust has passed , the couple start to feel very ill .
The boyfriend first , he seems to be unable to stop vomiting and the girlfriend later who keeps on getting severe stomach cramps .
The boyfriend puts this down to eating the tuna Mayo that had been lying out uncovered all day , and sure enough his jippy belly soon eases off after day or so .
His girlfriend , however , continues to feel ill , her pain worsening and her abdominal area becoming increasingly sore and tender .
This goes on for a few more days until the girlfriend can’t even get out of her bed for the pain in her crotch and abdominal area .
So her boyfriend takes her to the doctors , who recommends she sees a
gynaecologist .
Thinking she may have cervical cancer , the gynaecologist checks her out and to his horror discovers far inside
the woman ’s vagina is a swarm of maggots that have been eating into her upper vaginal cavity .
Apparently what happened was the tuna Mayo , after being left uncovered , in the sun , attracted a number of flies , who naturally laid their eggs , which the boyfriend ate and the girlfriend “ incubated ” !
Fakes , Frauds and Facelifts
How to identify counterfeit and altered Magic cards
I 've been maintaining this guide since 1997 .
All text and images are my own creation and I 'm grateful that it is still used 20 + years later !
A lot of other sites have used this site as reference for their own guides , including using my images .
Some credit me , some do n't , but this is the original .
What 's important is that the information in this guide is readily available to the MTG community so everyone can remain informed about the risk of counterfeits and how to spot them .
Thank you all !
1.0 There are fake Magic cards ???
1.1
Why in god 's name would anyone make fake cards ?
1.2
What is an altered card ?
2.0 Am I in danger of being scammed ?
2.1 When / Where should I be the most cautious ?
2.2 I was ripped !
What do I do ???
In fact there are quite a lot of them .
I have no official statistics or anything , but this web page is a result of me seeing one too many .
Many people make them just to play with when they do n't own the real things ( or enough of them ) .
These are called proxies and usually are n't even close to the real thing .
They are usually cheap inkjet printouts or color copies pasted on to another card .
However , Magic is a very profitable and lucrative market , and some people create very convincing counterfeit and altered cards as a way to scam money or other cards out of people .
This FAQ will focus on how to spot these cards .
Altered cards are real cards .
They have just been modified to either hide their true condition or make a card appear to be an earlier print than it really is .
Later in the FAQ are some examples of altered cards .
I do not consider cleaning the gunk off a card or flattening a bent card as altering it .
What I 'm talking about here is modifying a card by adding something that was n't there before .
Sure .
We all are .
Although there are a lot of things that increase the risk such as where you live , where you play , where you buy / trade cards and what cards you usually deal in .
Most counterfeits are found in the cities and / or on college campuses .
If you are near any sort of printing school or business be especially cautious .
If Magic is very popular in your town , it is more likely counterfeit cards will show up .
Most frequently these cards will turn up at tournaments or conventions , and sometimes at other large trade gatherings that are open to the public .
It is less likely to find one on the shelf at the local store or from a large mail order company since they should know of the danger and inspect all their cards closely .
There 's lots of things you can do , but this goes a little beyond the scope of this FAQ .
228 SHARES Facebook Twitter
One of the ways that you can judge the character of a nation is by how they care for their military veterans .
On this Memorial Day , we remember those who have fought and died defending the American Dream , but this should also be a day when we check and make certain that those who have served this country so bravely are being taken care of .
Unfortunately , a cold , hard examination of the facts reveals that the U.S. government is doing a horrific job of caring for our military veterans .
U.S. government officials seem to be able to do a great job of laying wreaths and holding ceremonies , but when it comes to actually getting military veterans the care and benefits that they desperately need , the attitude seems to be “ deny , deny , deny until they die ” .
The truth is that we have made it extremely difficult for our military veterans to claim the benefits that we have promised them .
Vets have to fill out an absurdly complicated 23 page application and if they make even one small mistake their applications can be stonewalled for years .
The U.S. Veterans Administration actually has a policy under which they pay large bonuses to employees that meet certain application processing goals .
This explains why approximately 70 % of the claims submitted to the Veterans Administration are refused or sent back to be redone .
In fact , using the Freedom of Information Act , one local NBC station was able to learn that $ 250,000 was paid in bonuses to VA employees who work inside the Poff Federal Building in Roanoke , Virginia in just one year alone .
Not only that , but a report issued by the VA ’s Office of Inspector General said the department issued millions of dollars in performance awards to employees nationwide over a two year period in 2007 and 2008 .
According to CNN , one retired VA official was singled out for improperly approving a very large number of bonuses and the report said that she “ acted as if she was given a blank checkbook to write unlimited monetary awards . ”
Yes , you read all of that correctly .
We actually pay government employees huge bonuses for turning down the benefits applications of our military veterans .
Does that sound like America to you ?
The reality is that the level of negligence at some VA offices can be absolutely shocking ….
Back in 2009 , a VA office in Detroit turned in 16,000 unprocessed mail and 717 unprocessed documents that were stuck in storage and had n’t even been looked at .
Many other documents were found in shredding bins , not just in one office but in several regional offices .
Things have gotten so bad that even 60 Minutes has done a report on the horrific treatment our veterans are receiving at the hands of the VA … .
200,000 backlogged appeals ?
Yes , you heard the video correctly .
But that 200,000 figure is just for backlogged appeals .
There are many more veterans who have been waiting months or even years for the VA to review their cases for the first time .
The following is a list of facts about the treatment of our veterans from the Veterans Services Transparency website ….
• 1,000,000 veterans , are currently waiting for the VA to review their cases , many have been waiting for years .
And would you believe it , the VA is still telling many of them that “ their records have been lost . ”
( Source of numbers : Veteran Affairs web - site )
• 400,304 ( 42 % ) of the veterans returning from Gulf War II have symptoms of Gulf War illness and have asked the VA for help .
By the VA ’s own records , over 178,000 ( 45 % ) of these soldiers have possible mental disorders ( including PTSD and Traumatic Brain Damage ) .
( Source of numbers ; Analysis of VA Health Care Utilization Among US Global War on Terrorism ( GWOT ) Veterans , January 2009 , pages 7 , 11 )
• 58 % of the Gulf War II veterans are between the ages of 18 – 29 .
These young adults are not being told when they enlist that there is a greater than 40 % chance their future will be destroyed or severely altered by Gulf War illness .
( Source : January 2009 report – Veteran ’s Affairs )
• Of 133,057 potentially eligible disabled retirees , 28,283 were denied retroactive pay awards and 8,763 died waiting for their cases to be heard .
( Source : Congressional Report reported in the ArmyTimes on July 21 , 2008 )
• Since 2001 there have been over 575,000 cases of Gulf War illness and no documented cases of recovery .
But there have been at least 6,500 documented deaths .
• 175,000 Gulf War I veterans with serious and persistent health problems , Gulf War illness , have been waiting over 17 years for assistance from the VA .
During this period the VA has denied applications over and over again , shredded records , hid unopened claims in storage , and actually altered original documents to fit the program of denial designed by the VA leadership .
( Source of numbers : Page 17 – Gulf War Illness and Health of Gulf War Veterans – Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans ’ Illnesses )
It kind of makes you want to run out and sign up for the military , eh ?
These young men and women have fought and have sacrificed for us .
Now they are being pushed aside like so much refuse .
But even the care that the VA does provide to our veterans is often so poor that it makes headline news .
Some time ago , ABC News did an investigation of VA hospital conditions across the United States .
The following is a list of just some of the things that they found during the course of their investigation …..
* Bathrooms filthy with what appeared to be human excrement
* Dirty linens from some patients mixed in with clean supplies
* Examining tables that had dried blood and medications still on them
* Equipment used to sterilize surgical instruments that had broken down
* Some patients were forced to beg for food and water
* Veterans that were neglected so badly that they developed horrific bedsores and dangerous infections
But those are the vets that were able to get care .
Many others are still waiting .
ABC News found that getting a first appointment at a VA hospital can take months and months …..
Veterans who responded to a survey by the American Legion in 2003 said it took an average of seven months to get a first appointment at a VA hospital .
In some hospitals , patients have waited as long as two years .
So should we be proud of all this ?
Should we applaud the U.S. government on this Memorial Day for taking such great care of our veterans ?
No , the truth is that we should all be ashamed at how our veterans are being treated .
But like so many other things involving the U.S. government , nothing is likely to change any time soon .
Once Memorial Day has passed , and all the wreaths have been laid , hundreds of thousands of disabled vets will continue to have their applications denied and the care that they so desperately need withheld from them .
For the first time , the internet has surpassed TV as the “ most essential ” medium , according to the latest Infinite Dial study by Arbitron and Edison Research .
When asked which they would choose if they must , never again watching television or never again accessing the internet , slightly more people chose TV as the medium they would eliminate .
Forty - nine percent of respondents chose to eliminate TV , compared to just more than 48 % who said they would get rid of the internet .
When first asked the question in 2001 , 72 % of respondents said they would do without the internet , while only 26 % said they would eliminate television .
In the demographic of persons younger than the age of 45 , the gap between the two forms of media is more profound , with more people choosing to live without TV .
The Car Is a ‘ Battleground ’
In other insights , Infinite Dial 2010 research found that the car is becoming a more popular place to listen to MP3 players .
Nearly one - quarter ( 24 % ) of people older than the age of 12 have listened to an iPod or other MP3 player while connected to a car stereo .
Among those who own an MP3 player , 54 % have connected their players for listening in the car .
“ The car is clearly a crucial battleground for people ’s attention , ” said Edison Research President Larry Rosin .
Simultaneous TV / Web Usage Jumps
In a sign that TV and the internet are starting to converge in viewers ’ consciousness , more people spent more time simultaneously viewing the internet and TV in December 2009 than in June 2009 or December 2008 , according to the Three Screens Report from The Nielsen Company .
In December 2009 , 59 % of Americans used TV and the internet simultaneously , compared to 56.9 % in June 2009 and 57.5 % in December 2008 .
On a year - over - year basis , participation in this activity increased 2.7 % .
Counting individual users , 134,056 Americans used TV and the internet simultaneously in December 2009 .
This compares to 128,047 in June 2009 and 128,167 in December 2008 .
On a year - over - year basis , the number of people using TV and the internet simultaneously increased 4.6 % .
About the Survey : The Infinite Dial 2010 is the 18th in a series of studies from Arbitron and Edison which have been conducted since 1998 on topics relating to the internet and new media .
Latin America suddenly finds itself with many suitors .
In the same week , Chinese President Hu Jintao was in Brazil hammering out investment deals and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev was in Argentina , taking the first such trip by a Russian head of state before going on to Brazil for a meeting of emerging world economies known collectively as the BRIC ( Brazil , Russia , India , China ) countries .
And if that were n't enough , after inking a major military deal with Brazil , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates set off on his own Latin American tour , strengthening ties with allies and referencing the budding friendship between Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and the region .
Latin America is now one of the most popular belles of the global economic ball , with countries vying for its commodities and friendship .
Many say the new attention is a good thing .
It has helped buoy several economies even during the worst of the global financial crisis .
But there are growing questions as to whether China 's huge appetite for soy and iron ore , Russia 's vigorous sale of weapons , or Iran 's search for allies in the Western Hemisphere is ultimately good for the region – and whether the United States is missing out .
" One dynamic we are beginning to see is resource competition between China and other external powers in the region , when we are used to the US telling everyone to keep their hands off of Latin America , " says Evan Ellis , a professor of national security at the National Defense University in Washington .
" There is new engagement in the region , and the emergence of competition between multiple outside players . "
China , Russia lead race
Leading the race for commodities is China .
On this visit , and on a previous trip to Brazil in 2004 , President
Hu sought to secure access to raw materials critical to China 's growth .
( Hu was also supposed to visit Venezuela and Chile but cut his trip short after a major earthquake in China . )
China became Brazil 's No. 1 trading partner in 2009 , taking the spot from the US , with trade between the two surging from $ 6.7 billion in 2003 to $ 36.1 billion last year , according to Brazilian government figures .
Meanwhile , Mr. Medvedev 's visit to Argentina to discuss deals on nuclear energy , space , and transportation , among other things , came as Russia boosts arms sales to Venezuela and others in the region .
Earlier this month , Russian Prime Minister Vlad­imir Putin was in Venezuela to discuss a series of deals that could top $ 5 billion .
And as Russia and China compete over markets , Iran 's Mr. Ahmadinejad is finding a welcome platform in several countries in Latin America .
His friendship with Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , who will visit Tehran in May , is particularly important to Ahmadinejad since the South American giant supports Iran 's nuclear program .
Geopolitical threat to US ?
Secretary of Defense Gates sought to play down fears on a trip that included Peru , Colombia , and Barbados .
Gates said Iran 's friendships in the region are only for show .
" There is an element of distracting their own populations from the difficulties that they have by … trying to strut around the world stage , " he was quoted as saying on the US Defense Department website .
But if such alliances in Latin America do n't represent a geopolitical threat to the US , they may highlight a lost opportunity for US business .
" Domestic politics , historical baggage , and sensitivities between Latin America and the US really stand in the way of the US taking advantage of opportunities in the region , " says Michael Shifter , the president of the Inter - American Dialogue in Washington .
As the US is stuck on issues such as energy , immigration , and trade , " China and Russia are completely unburdened by domestic political constraints . "
Still , if the US is missing out , is all the attention good for Latin America ?
Economic growth engine
Countries are buying arms to modernize armies at the right price from Russia , but some worry about the destabilizing effect of an " arms race " in Latin America .
In terms of markets , says Christopher Sabatini , editor in chief of Amer­icas Quarterly in New York , Latin America 's partnerships around the globe kept it afloat during the recent economic crisis .
" The attention is good because it provides an engine of economic growth , " he says .
The region overall is expected to grow by 4 percent this year , he says , and " a large part of that has to do with China 's rebound . "
But Mr. Sabatini and others say questions are emerging over whether this is simply the economic imperialism – exploiting nations for cheap commodities – that the US was condemned for in the last century .
" China , in the name of being a leader of the third - world movement , is saying , ' Hey , we 're helping you out by buying your commodities , ' and then they are selling back ever - higher - value manufactured goods , " says Mr. Ellis .
It boosts economies in the short term , but keeps them vulnerable should commodity prices drop .
Rodrigo Maciel , executive secretary of the Brazil - China Business Council , says that Brazil must wake up to the idea that China has a massive internal market that is , so far , not being tapped .
" We only sell primary goods , but that is because Brazil does n't have a strategy for China ; we do n't see it as a consumer market , " Mr. Maciel says .
" We need to learn more . "
Related stories :
On page 29 of its 2009 – 2010 Undergraduate Catalog , Bryn Mawr College makes the following statement :
“ In conformity with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , as amended , it is also the policy of Bryn Mawr College not to discriminate on the basis of sex in its educational programs , activities or employment practices .
The admission of only women in the Undergraduate College is in conformity with a provision of the Act . ”
So , does Bryn Mawr College — which does not admit men to its undergraduate programs of study — “ discriminate on the basis of sex in its educational programs ” ?
According to Bryn Mawr College and the U.S. government , that would be a “ no ” ( said with a bureaucratically straight face ) .
In fact , according to BMC , it is their “ policy … not to . ”
Of course , we all know that discriminating on the basis of sex would not only be illegal , but immoral , and downright illiberal .
So , of course , Bryn Mawr College would never discriminate based on sex .
That simply does n’t happen at Bryn Mawr .
Now , I understand that such discrimination as a college admitting only one sex or the other is legal discrimination according to the definition of the law .
But to say that Bryn Mawr does n’t discriminate or to say that it is the “ policy ” of the College “ not to ” is simply preposterous .
In fact , nearly every private business , private or public school , and government office discriminates based on sex — at least if they have sex - segregated restrooms or locker - rooms .
It is not uncommon for colleges and universities to have sex - segregated dorms .
Every individual who is not bisexual discriminates on the basis of sex .
Any time a business , educational institution , or government entity opts to use a sex - based title such as Mr. , Mrs. , Miss , or Ms. — there is discrimination based on sex .
When the TSA uses only men to do whatever they do to male airline passengers , and vice versa , there is sex discrimination .
And every time women are denied a stand - up urinal there it is — discrimination — shining like the glint in the chrome - plated flush handle .
And what about the poor men whose toilets are bereft of sofas ?
Will this injustice ever stop ?
We all discriminate based on sex .
We might as well be man ( used in a gender - neutral way , of course ) enough to admit that everyone discriminates based on sex , and we do so shamelessly .
It is our policy to discriminate based on sex because we are hard - wired to do so .
And while government makes it illegal to do so in some matters , it apparently blesses the kind of sex discrimination that is shamelessly practiced by Bryn Mawr College ( and all other same - sex institutions ) — its Newspeak denial notwithstanding .
Only government ( and their allies in the academy ) can look us straight in the eye and claim discrimination is not discrimination .
Of course , one of the definitions of discrimination is “ to use good judgment . ”
So maybe there is something to such denials after all .
May 27 , 2010
The Best of Larry L. Beane II
Richard Galpin
BBC News , Moscow
Mr Ilyumzhinov made the claims in a TV interview
A Russian MP has asked President Dmitry Medvedev to investigate claims by a regional president that he has met aliens on board a spaceship .
Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , the leader of the southern region of Kalmykia , made his claim in a television interview .
MP Andre Lebedev is not just asking whether Mr Ilyumzhinov is fit to govern .
He is also concerned that , if he was abducted , he may have revealed details about his job and state secrets .
The MP has written a letter to Mr Medvedev raising a list of his concerns .
In his letter he says that - assuming the whole thing was not just a bad joke - it was an historic event and should have been reported to the Kremlin .
He also asks if there are official guidelines for what government officials should do if contacted by aliens , especially if those officials have access to state secrets .
Mr Ilyumzhinov said in an interview on primetime television that he had been taken on board an alien spaceship which had come to planet Earth to take samples - and claims to have several witnesses .
He has been president of Kalmykia , a small Buddhist region of Russia which lies on the shores of the Caspian Sea , for 17 years .
The millionaire former businessman has a reputation as an eccentric character .
As president of the World Chess Federation , he has spent tens of millions of dollars turning the impoverished republic into a mecca for chess players - building an entire village to host international tournaments .
Why does this happen over and over again ?
Because of these very common estimating issues .
Sorry to break it to you , but you 're going to spend at least 24 hours working on that project you just squeezed into 16 .
You 're also going to lose money on that project , unless if you bill an astronomical hourly rate .
Time passes .
Your boss and / or the account manager review the estimate and think that it is n't cost - competitive .
They want you to find places to cut your hours .
As I am able to read the thoughts of design professionals , I can provide a transcript for what goes through each and every one of your minds while you 're estimating a design project :
1 . When you cut corners , they always grow back .
If a client , project / account manager , or pretty much anyone on the street asks you to revise an estimate to lower your overall project cost and you do n't cut your deliverables , you will still end up working the amount of time originally estimated .
That 's just the way it is .
Perhaps it 's subconscious in the designer 's mind as they 're fulfilling the project , or maybe it 's the truism that you can't rush great work .
Either way , this is the primary reason that designers blow budgets .
2. Estimating processes do n't force breathing room .
On any estimate , you should be adding a creative pad of at least 20 % .
Some designers , when self - estimating , can be off by as much as 50 % to 100 % on a new task .
With the pace that technology moves , and your client 's ever - evolving business needs , you can never assume that everything will go your way on every single project that you fulfill .
I see it as a point of maturity when a designer — no matter how optimistic that they are — is entirely pragmatic when constructing and delivering an estimate .
3 . The client 's budget was n't gauged until you were too far into the estimating process .
Does the client have $ 5 or $ 1,000,000 to spend ?
The client must answer this basic question before you even begin estimating , or you 're never going to be able to accurately understand both the amount of " play " you 've got from a time perspective .
This is a time - equals - money business , so if you say that logo 's going to take 200 hours , you 'd better know the budget is going to support that level of exploration , as well as schedule .
Unless you have 100 designers working 2 hours each , which is its own sort of existential ( and probably unprofessional ) problem .
4 . You did n't add a project markup on top of the entire estimate .
Your clients do n't need to know about how you added breathing room .
But they need to know , as part of how you scoped your project , that you 've added as a line expense before the total cost of your work a 10 % to 20 % markup .
This markup covers possible increases in scope , shifts in schedule ( any delay costs you money ! ) , and negotiations over price to secure a contract without cutting into your project margin .
This markup is included not as something that you will definitely bill 100 % in full — as it can sometimes push your estimate above fair market value — but as an area that can cover variance over the life of the project .
5 . Actuals from previous projects were never referenced in your new estimate .
If you do n't use your historical numbers , project over project , you will make estimating mistakes .
You 'll also never learn from previous estimating mistakes .
6. Vendors were n't marked up properly .
If you 're billing to a client any service or tangible product from a third party , you must mark it up .
Otherwise , you 're just being a bank without earning any interest on the credit you 're extending .
However ...
7 . You marked up freelancers so much that your estimate is lopsided .
If you 're a single person agency , it 's hard to pad an outsourced position 's rate , as it can inflate your estimate beyond its market value .
Large agencies get away with this by billing hundreds an hour , then hiring freelancers at $ 65 to $ 80 an hour and marking them up two to three times .
This does n't work so well when you 're a solo - flight designer .
8 . You did n't factor in time for managing third parties .
If clients want to use their own vendors , or they are n't willing to pay for markup on vendors that you 're suggesting , you must bill the time necessary for management of their output .
Otherwise , you 're just giving your time away , which equals even more money .
You can't expect that money can be recouped by cutting corners in other areas .
( Remember Pitfall # 1 ? )
*
One parting thought :
There is nothing wrong with " revisiting " an estimate if a client asks for you to see if you can deliver less for less .
However , the rule of thumb is to do it only once .
Constant re-estimating is a sure sign of a client that will apply the same focused attention and behavior to the creative work through the life of your project .
“ The party has played on the country ’s sense of wounded pride to make Roma and Jews the scapegoats for everything that has gone wrong , ” he said , “ even if many Jobbik voters have never even seen a Jew . ”
Image Viktor Orban , the Fidesz party leader and former prime minister , celebrating with supporters in Budapest on Sunday .
Credit ... Balint Porneczi / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Analysts said Jobbik ’s pledges of restoring law and order also resonated with voters frustrated by what they see as endemic corruption and duplicity among the ruling Socialist Party .
Last year , Ferenc Gyurcsany , a Socialist , resigned as prime minister , saying he considered himself a hindrance .
In the autumn of 2006 , Mr. Gyurcsany admitted in a secretly taped speech leaked to the media , that his party had “ lied ” about the state of the economy before elections that spring .
Hungary is among the countries in Eastern Europe hit hardest by the financial crisis .
In late 2008 it was forced to approach the International Monetary Fund for $ 25 billion in emergency financing .
Unemployment has soared to 11.2 percent and the economy contracted in 2009 by 6.3 percent .
The Socialist government has raised taxes and slashed spending , helping to reduce Hungary ’s budget deficit to 4 percent of gross domestic product in 2009 , from 9.3 percent in 2006 .
But while the measures have stabilized Hungary ’s finances , they have alienated many voters .
Some economists fear that the growing influence of Jobbik , which wants to eliminate tax rules favoring foreign companies , could undermine the country ’s economic recovery by alienating already jittery investors , spooking credit agencies and making it harder for the country ’s next prime minister to shepherd the economy .
Gergely Boszormenyi Nagy , chief analyst at the Perspective Institute , a research center in Budapest , said a Fidesz government would have a strong enough majority in Parliament to follow through on its economic agenda , including implementing the economic measures prescribed by the I.M.F.
Moreover , he stressed that Fidesz had distanced itself from Jobbik .
Nevertheless , he argued that Jobbik ’s ascent could wreak havoc with Hungary ’s country brand .
“ The success of Jobbik could make it hard to communicate Hungary as an open , business - friendly environment , ” he said .
Peter Rona , an economist , said that even without Jobbik ’s corroding influence on investor confidence , Hungary remained mired by the high levels of household indebtedness that had helped spur the country ’s economic crisis in the first place .
“ People are ignoring that the credit mess has n’t changed , ” he said .
You may not remember , but I know you very well .
I met you a long time ago when you came to my house with your smiling faces , your neat clothes , and your soft voices , and a Bible tucked neatly under your arm .
You told me many beautiful stories of a " paradise earth , " and a " righteous new system " which would be established shortly .
You beguiled me ; I listened and I let you teach me your form of Christ - dignity .
I loved you , I devoted most of my life to you , I was loyal and obedient , never realizing that one day I would come to disagree with everything you had to say .
When I first met you and learned of the " paradise , " little did I know that in order to get to that paradise , I would have to walk over the dead bodies of beloved family , cherished friends , and casual acquaintances , because they did n't want to be Jehovah 's Witnesses .
With your soft , sweet voices , and gentle manner , you convinced me that everything and everyone who did not agree with you was " evil . "
I came to believe that other churches were bad and of the devil , and so were their members .
I became convinced that all the governments were wicked , including my own , and that I was not to support the country in which I lived .
I believed you , I loved you , trusted you , and served you and never suspected that you were capable of deceiving me .
I loved you so much that I raised my precious children as Jehovah 's Witnesses .
I taught them that you were trustworthy , and true followers of God and Jesus .
I trained them to believe your every word .
How could I have known that in the future you would steal my own flesh and blood from my arms and prevent them from seeing me because I would come to disagree with you ?
I never noticed the fangs of oppression and tyranny that lurked behind those gentle smiles .
I never knew that I would be expected to hand over my mind , soul , and spirit to you , and if I were to ever want them back , you would hold my children as hostages and no amount of begging and tears would release them from your grip because they had been raised to look at you as being God , rather than mere men .
When I came to you , I was young and pretty and impressionable , looking for a relationship with God , my Creator .
But through slick words and empty speeches you convinced me that I was not really a child of God , that my duty was to the organization - that THEY would tell me what to do and how to think .
Through years of domination and manipulation I began to accept the meager food that was being offered to me , and became willing to accept it as the true " spiritual " food from the Master , while all the time feeling the gnawing at my body .
Finally , I discovered that I had been robbed of my joy , my love , my compassion , and my mercy , and it was replaced with legalistic doctrinal formula which provided me with fear , guilt , and anxiety to fill my hungry heart .
When I said , " I want more than this , " you slapped me with your soft little hand , which had now turned into an iron fist of oppression .
Yes , you fooled me all along , your deception was because you had been fooled too , a long time ago , by others who had taken you captive to their dictatorial reign of terror .
You convinced me that the words of men were the words of God because you really thought it was true .
I believed you because you were gently , soft spoken , and carried the Bible tucked under your arm .
You told me that you had " freedom " and it was only later , when I tried to escape your brand of " freedom " that I discovered that the iron bars of the gate had been shut and I was at your mercy because , by this time , you had already gained control of my mind and my emotions .
I cried and begged you to please let me go , and you said , with your firm , roaring voice , " not until I have stripped you naked " and you did .
You stripped me of my dignity , my self - respect , my honor , and my FAMILY !
You told all my family and friends that I was demonic , evil , an apostate , a spiritual fornicator , and good for nothing but total destruction by your angry God whom you had tried to pass off as a God of " love . "
They believed you , and they still believe you , because their eyes are blinded by the promise of " paradise " and they cannot " see " the Hell that surrounds them .
The ever illusive " paradise " is held out to the gullible like a carrot in front of the nose of a rabbit , and causes them to sacrifice their family , friends , careers , education , hopes and dreams on the altar of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society .
Now I 'm older , now I 'm wiser , but now it is too late - life is fast slipping away .
Through my tears , I cry out for my beautiful daughter and grandchildren , but you grip them tighter and tighter and tell them that YOU will be their " mother . "
And so you are , and so you are !
I begged to recapture my honor and my dignity , but you laughed with your bright , shining teeth , and said , " No way , you 're on your own . "
Somehow those soft , pretty words were n't soft and pretty anymore , but words of slander , abuse , hatred , and hostility - and you said them in such a way that others would think that you were righteous and I was evil .
You lied about me , but no one will believe you LIED because they trust you - that 's because you are soft spoken , gentle , and carry a Bible tucked neatly under your arm .
Gaila Noble ?ARIZONA
At WonderCon today we got an exclusive look at footage from Dark Knight director Christopher Nolan 's mysterious new film Inception .
It was basically James Bond in cyberspace , where heists involve stealing people 's dreams - literally .
Advertisement
We saw an extended teaser trailer for the film , which introduced us to Leonardo DiCaprio 's character , an " extractor , " or dream hacker , whose job is " subconscious security . "
This is science fiction ala Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind - we 're in the present - day , but a new piece of technology has changed the rules of the game .
In Inception , that technology allows people to climb inside each other 's dreams .
Leonardo DiCaprio is a superagent who uses new dream - reading technology to prevent bad guy extractors from stealing ideas out of the dreams of entrepreneurs , creators , and inventors .
The dreamworld corporate espionage idea works perfectly , especially because Nolan filmed the dream sequences to be as gritty and documentary - realistic as possible .
Advertisement
Featuring Michael Caine , Joseph Gordon - Levitt , Marion Cotillard ( who is apparently " very twisted " ) , and Ellen Page ( among others ) , the movie plunges us into Nolan 's richly - textured world where , as DiCaprio says , " ideas can take on lives of their own . "
Because the heists and shootouts and chase scenes all take place in dreams , they feel like James Bond on just a little bit of acid - people ski across impossibly vast snowscapes , clamor down breathtaking rock faces , and ( in one incredible scene ) fight suspended in a space where gravity has been warped .
It 's great to see DiCaprio in a psychological thriller that is about the nature of psychology itself .
During the question and answer session , Nolan talked about his struggle to get the film made .
He 'd been working on it for years , and only after the success of his two Batman movies was he able to convince funders to back his original story about hackers in dreamland .
He explained that the movie is heavily influenced by the look of 2001 , especially in a few key scenes where the laws of gravity are suspended .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He also said it was very important to him to make the dreams feel as realistic as possible - this is no Lovely Bones , with giant , candy - colored fantasies .
He used 35 mm film to give those dream sequences their documentary feel , and relied on his knowledge of " lucid dreaming , " a near - waking state where you control your own dreams .
In fact , it sounded like Nolan had based a lot of the dream sequences on his own experiences with dreaming .
Producer Emma Thomas , who was also at WonderCon , called the film " personal , " and Nolan confirmed that he'd tried to pull back from the typical " superficial heist plot . "
Though it is a heist , it has to be personal because it's all about what 's inside people 's subconscious minds .
The more we heard about how he'd conceived the film , the more intriguing it sounded to me .
A heist with depth ?
A James Bond character who uses tech to engage in " subconscious security " ?
This is a summer movie that will deliver a hell of a lot more than chase scenes ( though the clips we saw made the chase scenes look fantastic ) .
Advertisement
One thing that Nolan was really emphatic about was his skepticism about 3D .
He said :
I have a rigorous approach to image quality .
We 're thinking about 3D , but nothing today competes with large format film .
I think there 's a lot of misinformation about where cinema is heading .
Advertisement
He remains committed to traditional film , which he rightly pointed out can create an intensely immersive experience .
So there will be no 3D Batman movies in the near future .
But there will be an awesome , original science fiction film for you to enjoy this July when Inception hits theaters .
Dearest readers ,
Thank you to all who attended yesterday ’s live chat with author Anna Lappé , who doled out informative answers to your most vexing food–climate change questions .
( If you missed it , you can catch the replay . )
But now it ’s time to offer up some of your own insights on Lappé ’s tome Diet for a Hot Planet : The Climate Crisis at the End of Your Fork and What You Can Do About It .
Pick your poison , and answer any or all of these discussion - starter questions in the comments below , or feel free to offer up your own query for other readers to weigh in on :
What examples have you noticed of spin or greenwashing in the food industry ?
Any particular companies or campaigns come to mind that got you steamed ?
Do you think one can truly be an environmentalist and still eat meat ?
What are you personally doing to reconnect nature with food ( as in from the farm to your plate ) for yourself and your family or community ?
Growing your own vegetables ?
Buying eggs from a local poultry farmer ?
Raising your own animals for meat ?
Naturally ,
Umbra
Ironically , while the left is one of the fiercest critics of biased media coverage , it can also fall in the trap of corporate media distortions , particularly if its coverage dovetails with its own fantasies .
A May 14 article by Daniel Lopez published on the website of Australian group Socialist Alternative is proof of this .
The article echoes the view of a May 10 article on the BBC website , which has a clear dislike of Bolivian President Evo Morales .
The BBC article argued a “ general strike ” by Bolivian unions marked “ the end of the honeymoon period between the left - wing Mr Morales and his power base among the country 's poor ” .
This position fits nicely with the outlook of Socialist Alternative , which also condemns Bolivia ’s first indigenous president .
Lopez wrote that Morales ’ moves “ against the working class ” have led to “ the first large scale action of workers in opposition to the Morales government ” .
According to Lopez , “ demonstrations were held around the country [ on May 4 ] , accompanied by a 24 - hour general strike which was then extended indefinitely ” .
Despite the “ sell - out ” of the Bolivian Workers ’ Centre ( COB ) leadership , Lopez assured us “ the strike is well into its second week ” .
A deal struck between Morales and the COB has been “ resolutely rejected ” , Lopez said , and “ the strike continues ” .
The ‘ indefinite general strike ’ that was n’t
On May 1 , as well as nationalising four electricity companies , Morales restated his government would not increase workers ’ salaries by more than 5 % .
This was met with protests in various cities , the largest of which was the COB - organised rally in La Paz .
One indication of its size is La Prensa ’s report that a 300 strong contingent of factory workers ( whose union was a key organiser of the protest ) tried to jump in front of the miners at the front of the rally , leading to clashes .
COB general secretary Pedro Montes announced a follow - up 24 - hour strike for May 4 .
Reporting on the May 4 “ general strike ” , Bolpress said , “ hundreds of teachers , factory workers and health workers .... alternated down the Prado in La Paz ” in divided marches .
La Prensa said “ at least 500 ” factory workers descended on the labour ministry , where they attempted to burn down the front door , leading to 15 arrests .
Pedro Alberto Calderon , a leader of the La Paz factory workers , continuing the dispute with the miners by calling Montes ’s his expulsion from the COB “ because he has betrayed the whole working class ” by not marching in La Paz , La Prensa said .
Montes instead chose to join a miners ’ march in Oruro .
News sources also reported 500 health workers marched in Santa Cruz .
In Cochabamba , factory workers blocked the local bus terminal .
About 500 to 1000 marched in Sucre and smaller protests were held in the other capital cities .
“ In the combative city of El Alto ” , Bolpress said , “ productive activity was normal ” , as in most of Bolivia .
On May 7 , a COB assembly called for an “ indefinite general strike ” to begin May 10 , La Razon said .
Bolpress said that day , Bolivia ’s largest peasant organisation , the United Confederation of Bolivian Peasant Workers ( CSUTCB ) , the national women ’s peasant federation , the coca growers ’ union from the Chapare , and the Departmental Workers Centre of Santa Cruz defended the government and against COB ’s actions measures , because “ they only hurt the brothers and sisters of the countryside and the country ” .
The CSUTCB is the largest COB affiliate , representing 1.5 million peasants .
It is a key part of Morales ’s Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS ) party .
By May 11 , everyone agreed the “ indefinite general strike ” was a flop .
La Razon ’s website that day read : “ Scarce support for general strike ” .
Union leaders representing teachers , health workers and factory workers did not strike , but were negotiating with the government , La Razon said .
In an article headlined “ The government ’s offers weaken COB protests ” , Bolpress said union divisions “ weakened to the point of converting to almost null the general strike ” .
Instead , La Prensa said , 300 workers , mainly miners , gathered in Caracollo to begin a 200 km walk to La Paz .
The night before , the COB and the government reached a tentative agreement to lower the retirement age from 65 to 58 ( 51 for miners ) .
Bosses would also be forced to contribute to workers ’ pension funds .
The COB , affiliated unions and government officials began to discuss the new proposals .
Bolpress said that , although the COB agreed to the new proposals , some teachers , health workers and factory workers rejected it .
La Razon said after futher discussions , the health workers ’ union also agreed to the government proposals and called off future actions .
ABI reported on May 13 that Guido Midma , the executive secretary of the miners ’ federation who was approvingly quoted in Lopez ’s article , said : “ The miners ’ federation will not allow others to attack [ the COB ] .
On the contrary , we call on these sectors to reflect because they are automatically marginalising themselves . ”
A small contingent of mainly teachers continued the march to La Paz .
Factory workers and teachers pledged to once again “ radicalise ” their protests on May 18 .
They also continued to call for Montes ’ removal and the sacking of several government ministers .
By May 17 , La Prensa said the La Paz factory workers ’ union had decided to postpone their actions .
Union leader Wilson Mamani said the decision was taken at the request of other factory workers around the country .
On May 18 , media reports said between 3000 and 15,000 teachers arrived in La Paz , culminating the march from Caracollo .
The National Confederation of Urban Teachers , however , was no longer supporting the march , although it continued to oppose the government ’s position .
Teachers ’ union leader Federico Pinaya told La Razon some sectors of the union were trying to use the protests in the lead up to internal union elections .
Rural teachers unions pulled out of the protests and returned to the negotiating table .
By May 21 , the only sector still protesting was a militantly anti-Morales section of the urban teachers union , who were demanding their wages be brought to the level of rural teachers .
But even the leaders of the teachers ’ union have since come to an agreement with the government , subject to approval from the membership .
Bolivian reality
The small scale of the strikes and protests does not mean the government ’s proposed pay rise should not be debated or challenged .
There are tensions between the Morales government and its base .
In the April 4 national elections , MAS faced more competition from dissident MAS sectors than right - wing forces .
The Morales government has also had to confront a range of small , but significant , conflicts with sectors traditionally aligned with MAS .
It is clear the movement for change in Bolivia needs to reflect on some of these warning signs .
However , confusing an “ indefinite general strike ” with a lot of huffing and puffing by a few union leaders , and symbolic protests , mixed with a good dose of internal union politicking , only leads us away from the real issues .
Today , the Bolivian workers ’ movement is far from the powerful force some Bolivian union leaders and foreign leftist like to fantasy it still is .
Bolivia ’s organised workers ’ movement is still suffering from the defeats inflicted by the implementation of neolibeal policies .
About 62 % of the working class is in the informal sector , 83 % in small companies with less than 10 workers , and the unionisation rate is only 23 % .
This rate has steady increased under the Morales government .
Nor is this the same Bolivia as in the past .
The 1970 COB thesis Lopez quoted approvingly does not mention the word “ indigenous ” once , despite the long - oppressed indigenous peoples making up about two thirds of the population .
If this policy of refusing to acknowledge indigenous peoples ’ existence was mistaken then , it is criminal today .
Today , a revolutionary movement has developed , whose future is still to be determined — even if it did n’t occur according to COB theses or manuals from afar .
With the COB in steady decline , it was indigenous and peasant sectors that led the resistance to the military dictatorship in 1978 , and constructed the CSUTCB as its own independent organisation in 1979 .
These sectors led the process of recapturing the historically marginalised indigenous peoples ’ self - identity and pride .
The resistance to neoliberalism over 1990 - 2005 did not emerge from the factories .
It began in the countryside and spread to indigenous workers and the urban poor .
The main indigenous and peasant organisations decided it was necessary to move from resistance to taking power .
In the 1990s , they decided at a congress of Bolivia ’s most powerful unions to build their own political instrument to this end — creating what is now the MAS .
Indigenous struggles
As a result of this historic decision and the mass struggles that followed , they put one of their own in the presidency in 2005 , electing Morales with a record high of 54 % of the vote .
A new constitution incorporating the rights of indigenous peoples , the start of land reform , the nationalisation of important natural resources and increased state social spending to the poor are some of the gains won since .
Lopez ’s article mentions none of this .
Morales also plays a leading role internationally in attacking the capitalist system for its responsibility for the climate crisis .
Morales hosted a “ people ’s summit ” in Cochabamba in April that brought together 35,000 people from around the world to organize to fight back .
This does not mean the government cannot be criticised or that workers should not fight for their demands .
But to paint the Morales government as the main enemy because of a dispute over wages , while failing to mention even once the suffering and resistance of the most marginalised who have benefited most from the Morales government , is blind sectarianism .
To raise the wage demands of sector of workers as the central issue in Bolivian politics , while ignoring the changes under way and the challenge any revolutionary government would face in lifting South America ’s poorest nation out of poverty and dependency , is pure and simple economism — that is , counter - posing demands about wages to the broader struggles of the oppressed .
Such positions are rejected by Bolivia ’s indigenous majority because they understand that , for the first time , they are charting their own path towards liberation .
Bolivia ’s revolutionary process needs a strong independent working class to help push it forward .
But those who denounce anyone who tries to relate to this reality as “ sell - outs ” do n’t help such a cause .
[ Federico Fuentes is the editor of Bolivia Rising and co-author , with Marta Harnecker , of MAS - IPSP de Bolivia : Instrumento político que surge de los movimientos sociales .
He is a member of Australia ’s Socialist Alliance and is based in Venezuela . ]
Construction workers protest outside the new Soccer City Stadium near Soweto .
By Patrick Bond , Durban
May 15 , 2010 -- On June 11 , South Africans start joling [ jol -- to have fun , to party ] like no time since liberation in April 1994 , and of course it is a huge honour for our young democracy to host the most important sporting spectacle short of the Olympics .
All the ordinary people who have worked so hard in preparation deserve gratitude and support , especially the construction workers , cleaners , municipal staff , health - care givers and volunteers who will not receive due recognition .
But balancing psychological benefits against vast socioeconomic and political costs is vital , for we will hear plenty about the latter from visitors who will see us at our best and worst .
One of the world ’s greatest sportswriters , Dave Zirin , called Durban ’s new Moses Mabhida Stadium the most breathtaking he ’d ever seen , but provided us a needed reality check : “ This is a country where staggering wealth and poverty already stand side by side .
The World Cup , far from helping this situation , is just putting a magnifying glass on every blemish of this post - apartheid nation . ”
In Durban , our worst face is usually to be found at City Hall , where time and time again , municipal manager ( de facto executive mayor ) Michael Sutcliffe bans community protests against his anti-poor policies , compelling urgent court interdicts to restrain his vicious police .
As a leading journalist ( eNews ’ Morgan Collins ) learned on his way to jail while trying to cover a nurses ’ strike six weeks ago , cops stamping on constitutional rights has become a bad habit here .
Officials from the national security apparatus told parliament they will go yet further in democracy - removal , throwing a 10 - kilometre “ cordon ” around Mabhida Stadium , named ( without irony ) after a grand old Communist Party leader .
During June - July , our city ’s activists are meant to be shocked and awed by “ air sweeps by fighter jets , joint border patrols with neighbouring countries , police escorts for cruise ships and teams of security guards with ‘ diplomat ’ training ” .
The aim is to “ prevent domestic extremism , strike action and service delivery protests ” , the sleepy members of parliament were told .
How ridiculous can the government get ?
On May 10 , trade union allies of the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) in the South African Transport and Allied Workers Union had perfectly valid reasons to begin the biggest strike in South African history , as they described it , as do regular service - delivery demonstrators who are victimised by corrupt housing contractors or the victims of shack fires caused by denial of electricity .
To equate non-violent protest with “ extremism ” is old apartheid paranoia at its worst .
According to South Durban Community Environmental Alliance leader Des D’Sa : “ On Youth Day , June 16 , Durban citizens will test this with a peaceful march to city hall .
Sutcliffe ’s order to kick fisherfolk off beaches ... with arrests and police violence , is the last straw . ”
` Democracy - free zone '
Much of the blame for Durban ’s commercialised democracy - free World Cup zone goes to the International Federation of Football Associations ( FIFA ) , based in Zurich , especially FIFA president Sepp Blatter .
To illustrate the stupidity , just a few dozen metres away from where poor people are now denied their source of fish and income , FIFA 's expensive imported ( German ) marquee tents apparently require erection by a German construction company .
Little will trickle down .
Aside from extremely loud plastic trumpets ( vuvuzelas ) , the much - vaunted " African " feel to the World Cup will be muted , as women who typically sell " pap " ( cornmeal ) and vleis ( meat ) just outside stadiums will be shunted off at least a kilometre away .
According to analyst Udesh Pillay of the Human Sciences Research Council , in 2005 one in three South Africans hoped to personally benefit from the World Cup , but this fell to one in five in 2009 , and 1 in 100 today .
And FIFA gets sole occupation of Mabhida Stadium , even on the 75 per cent of days that soccer wo n’t be played , keeping the facility off - limits to visitors .
Their anticipated profit from these games : more than $ 3 billion .
FIFA sponsorship is hazardous to this economy , as witnessed by ANC member of parliament ( and KwaZulu - Natal businessperson ) Shiaan - Bin Huang ’s import wizardry .
Teenage workers at Shanghai Fashion Plastic Products and Gifts have been paid just $ 3 a day to manufacture Zakumi mascot dolls , which could easily have been produced in our region ’s idle factories .
The local World Cup organising chief , Danny Jordaan , predicted in 2005 that 400,000 people would visit .
In reality , there will be half as many , and the hospitality industry ’s market is glutted after a third of rooms booked by FIFA ’s Match agency were cancelled .
Economic farce , politcal tragedy
Benefits are down and costs are soaring .
South Africa ’s 2003 bid estimate of between US $ 150 million and $ 1.2 billion expenditure rose in October 2006 to a final projected $ 1.5 billion and now , with insane escalations , $ 5 billion .
On May 8 , at a community class on economic justice we run at our university , a student pointed out that if Greece ’s hosting of the 2004 Olympics was partially responsible for the latest episode of world financial crisis and a € 500 billion bailout , South Africa -- with our untenable $ 80 billion foreign debt ( triple what Nelson Mandela inherited in 1994 ) -- may get the same treatment .
From economic farce we slide into political tragedy .
There have been at least two ( and potentially more ) assassinations of honest politicians who criticised World Cup contracts in Mpumalanga province ’s host city , Mbombela ( formerly Nelspruit ) .
More than 1000 pupils demonstrated against Mbombela Stadium when schools displaced in the construction process were not rebuilt .
We ’ve seen other World Cup - related protests against Johannesburg , Durban and Cape Town municipal officials by informal traders , against Johannesburg officials by Soccer City stadium neighbours in impoverished Riverlea township , against construction companies by workers , and against national bureaucrats by four towns ’ activists , who are attempting to relocate provincial borders to shift their municipalities to a wealthier province .
Durban is a special case because of both the grandiose new stadium ( $ 380 million worth , overrun from an original $ 220 million budget ) , and the country ’s highest - profile chutzpah exuding from the bureaucracy and building contractors .
Sutcliffe has presided over a string of expensive management disasters : failed bus privatisation due to cronyism ; denial of Blue Flag status at the city ’s otherwise excellent beaches due to high E.coli counts , followed by his angry retreat from the program ; his foiled attempt to replace a century - old Indian market ( Warwick Junction ) with a shopping mall ; unending public subsidies for elite - oriented megaprojects ; a delusional new trade port nowhere near Africa ’s largest harbour ; disastrous water / sewerage breakdowns ; and an economic development strategy reliant upon sports tourism in a coming era constrained by climate change and fast - rising air travel taxes , to mention just a few foibles .
But worst of all , as Dave Zirin put it , “ To see a country already dotted with perfectly usable stadiums spend approximately $ 3 billion on new facilities is to notice a squandering of resources that is unconscionable . ”
The contradictions are evident when comparing Mabhida Stadium -- built next to a fine rugby fixture which could have been upgraded quickly and cheaply -- to the horrendous shacks in which hundreds of thousands reside within more than a hundred informal settlements across Durban .
In April , for example , Cato Crest township residents survived their fourth fire of 2010 , with 200 shacks destroyed .
Once again , a paraffin [ kerosene ] stove was to blame , because denial of affordable electricity to poor people is long - standing city policy .
Yet pathologically self - congratulatory officials do n’t seem to give a damn .
The chair of the municipal housing committee , Nigel Gumede , recently joined Sutcliffe to reject findings of the National Home Builders ’ Registration Council .
Its bulky report on a city sub-contractor , Zikhulise Cleaning , Maintenance and Transport , criticised a $ 40 million deal to build 18,000 tiny houses ( smaller than apartheid " matchboxes " ) , which began in December 2006 .
The report found three quarters were built below municipal building standards and need repairs .
Sewerage in the project represented a pollution and health risk , and without stormwater drainage , there is “ a high possibility of mudslides ” .
Zikhulise owner Shauwn Mpisane reacted : “ I stand by what I have always said , and that is that the houses do not have any structural defects . ”
Shauwn ’s husband is S’bu , who notoriously commuted to his police constable job in a Lamborghini after turning state ’s evidence in a taxi murder trial in which another policeman was shot dead and S’bu allegedly drove the getaway car .
Their extraordinary lifestyle includes a $ 2 million mansion and $ 13 million automobile collection .
S’bu allegedly intimidated a brave news editor ( Philani Makhanya of the Durban Mercury ) , but his police docket was subsequently stolen , and only just reconstructed a month ago .
The recent defence of the Mpisanes by Sutcliffe must be the lowest level a state official has yet stooped : “ The reports that these houses were built to sub - standard levels are absolute nonsense and part of media frenzy . ”
Across KwaZulu - Natal province , 49 housing projects like Zikhulise ’s contain more than 40,000 defective houses , according to a government forensic investigation .
Two years ago , Sutcliffe stated that the housing backlog would be eradicated by 2016 , while an ANC campaigning document promised that “ ANC members will get houses this year ” .
Mayor Obed Mlaba justified the vote - catching language : “ We are politicians .
But when you make promises and do n’t keep them , then that is wrong . ”
Also wrong is a new municipal policy in which a private debt collection company will enforce $ 9 million in arrears from 600 council flats .
According to a municipal report , council debt collectors have already generated “ massive homelessness ” , notwithstanding tenants ’ attempts to “ try their best to pay their levies ” .
Global soccer apartheid
So who in Durban represents the core welcoming committee for the World Cup ?
A city elite overpopulated by venal elites , quite capable of playing the race card ( a Sutcliffe speciality , although he is white ) , enriching themselves and talking left so as to walk right .
Unless something is done , the world - scale embarrassments will pile up faster than goals against the local soccer team , Bafana Bafana , which fell in the global rankings from 81st in early 2010 to 90th today ( they are in the World Cup only because they are the host team ) .
No wonder : global soccer apartheid means that the best African players are sucked up into European clubs with little opportunity to prepare for such events .
Asks Trevor Phillips , former director of the South African Premier Soccer League , “ What the hell are we going to do with a 70,000 - seater football stadium in Durban once the World Cup is over ?
Durban has two football teams which attract crowds of only a few thousand .
It would have been more sensible to have built smaller stadiums nearer the football - loving heartlands and used the surplus funds to have constructed training facilities in the townships . ”
The local winners in this World Cup will not be our soccer players nor even rugby teams , which municipal officials fruitlessly hope will one day fill the white - elephant stadiums , but instead , large corporations and politically connected black “ tenderpreneurs ” .
The tenderpreneurship strategy is profoundly corrupt , according to Moeletsi Mbeki , brother of former South African president Thabo .
“ It was a matter of co-option , to co-opt the African nationalist leaders by enriching them privately ” , he has said .
But because co-option of the politicised grassroots is not easy , once the soccer hype fades and protests become more insistent , local elites will realise their mistake in hosting these games in such a wasteful , arrogant manner .
They will learn what we already know : this scale of profiteering by business and genuine joy associated with the world ’s most loved sport are mutually incompatible .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society , which offers a register of social protests covered in the national media and a new socioeconomic " World Cup Watch " update at http://www.ukzn.ac.za/ccs.
This article also appeared as a ZNet commentary .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
( Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be considered an estimate . )
This Hungarian recipe for sour cherry soup goes by many names — meggy leves , cseresznye leves , meggykeszoce , cibere — and its sweetness varies with the cook .
It 's typically served cold in the summer when cherries are plentiful .
This soup is traditionally made with tart dark - red Morello cherries , but any tart pie cherry , like fire - engine - red Montmorency cherries , will work in a pinch , as long as they are fresh or at the very least frozen .
( Do n't use canned . )
Never use a sweet Bing cherry .
Some recipes call for cinnamon and cloves , with the cherries left unpitted .
A firebomb was tossed through the front door of a medical - marijuana shop early today as the Billings , Mont. , City Council gets set to vote on a moratorium on the rapidly growing business , the Billings Gazette reports .
The words " Not In Our Town " were spray - painted on the windows of the building housing the Montana Therapeutics store , the newspaper says .
The Gazette says the city has issued more than 80 business licenses for medical - marijuana stores .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
I 'm a recovering perl hacker .
Perl used to be far and away my language of choice , but these days I 'm more likely to write new code in Python , largely because far more of my friends and coworkers are comfortable with it .
I 'll never give up perl for quick one - liners on the command - line or in one - off scripts for munging text , though .
Anything that lasts long enough to make it into git somewhere usually gets rewritten in Python , but nothing beats perl for interactive messing with text .
Perl , never afraid of obscure shorthands , has accrued an impressive number of features that help with this use case .
I 'd like to share some of my favorites that you might not have heard of .
One - liners primer
We 'll start with a brief refresher on the basics of perl one - liners before we begin .
The core of any perl one - liner is the -e switch , which lets you pass a snippet of code on the command - line :
perl -e ' print " hi
" ' prints " hi " to the console .
The second standard trick to perl one - liners are the -n and - p flags .
Both of these make perl put an implicit loop around your program , running it once for each line of input , with the line in the $ _ variable .
- p also adds an implicit print at the end of each iteration .
Both of these use perl 's special " ARGV " magic file handle internally .
What this means is that if there are any files listed on the command - line after your -e , perl will loop over the contents of the files , one at a time .
If there are n't any , it will fall back to looping over standard input .
perl - ne ' print if / foo / ' acts a lot like grep foo , and perl - pe 's / foo / bar / ' replaces foo with bar
Most of the rest of these tricks assume you 're using either -n or - p , so I wo n't mention it every time .
The top 10 one - liner tricks
Trick # 1 : -l Smart newline processing .
Normally , perl hands you entire lines , including a trailing newline .
With -l , it will strip the trailing newline off of any lines read , and automatically add a newline to anything you print ( including via - p ) .
Suppose I wanted to strip trailing whitespace from a file .
I might naïvely try something like perl - pe 's/\s*$//'
The problem , however , is that the line ends with "
" , which is whitespace , and so that snippet will also remove all newlines from my file !
-l solves the problem , by pulling off the newline before handing my script the line , and then tacking a new one on afterwards :
perl - lpe 's/\s*$//'
Trick # 2 : -0 Occasionally , it 's useful to run a script over an entire file , or over larger chunks at once .
- 0 makes -n and - p feed you chunks split on NULL bytes instead of newlines .
This is often useful for , e.g. processing the output of find - print0 .
Furthermore , perl - 0777 makes perl not do any splitting , and pass entire files to your script in $ _ . find .
- name '*~' - print0 | perl - 0ne unlink Could be used to delete all ~ - files in a directory tree , without having to remember how xargs works .
Trick # 3 : - i - i tells perl to operate on files in - place .
If you use -n or - p with - i , and you pass perl filenames on the command - line , perl will run your script on those files , and then replace their contents with the output .
- i optionally accepts an backup suffix as argument ;
Perl will write backup copies of edited files to names with that suffix added .
perl - i.bak - ne ' print unless /^#/' script.sh
Would strip all whole - line commands from script.sh , but leave a copy of the original in script.sh.bak .
Trick # 4 : The .. operator Perl's .. operator is a stateful operator -- it remembers state between evaluations .
As long as its left operand is false , it returns false ;
Once the left hand returns true , it starts evaluating the right - hand operand until that becomes true , at which point , on the next iteration it resets to false and starts testing the other operand again .
What does that mean in practice ?
It 's a range operator :
It can be easily used to act on a range of lines in a file .
For instance , I can extract all GPG public keys from a file using : perl - ne ' print if /-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK -----/../-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK -----/'
FILE Trick # 5 : - a - a turns on autosplit mode – perl will automatically split input lines on whitespace into the @F array .
If you ever run into any advice that accidentally escaped from 1980 telling you to use awk because it automatically splits lines into fields , this is how you use perl to do the same thing without learning another , even worse , language .
As an example , you could print a list of files along with their link counts using ls -l | perl - lane ' print " $ F [ 7 ] $ F [ 1 ] " '
Trick # 6 : -F -F is used in conjunction with - a , to choose the delimiter on which to split lines .
To print every user in /etc / passwd ( which is colon - separated with the user in the first column ) , we could do : perl - F : - lane ' print $ F [ 0 ] '
/etc / passwd Trick # 7 : \K \K is undoubtedly my favorite little - known - feature of Perl regular expressions .
If \K appears in a regex , it causes the regex matcher to drop everything before that point from the internal record of " Which string did this regex match ? " .
This is most useful in conjunction with s/// , where it gives you a simple way to match a long expression , but only replace a suffix of it .
Suppose I want to replace the From : field in an email .
We could write something like perl - lape 's /( ^From : ) .*/$ 1 Nelson Elhage < nelhage\@ksplice.com >/'
But having to parenthesize the right bit and include the $ 1 is annoying and error - prone .
We can simplify the regex by using \K to tell perl we wo n't want to replace the start of the match : perl - lape 's / ^From : \K.*/ Nelson Elhage < nelhage\@ksplice.com >/'
Trick # 8 : $ ENV{}
When you 're writing a one - liner using -e in the shell , you generally want to quote it with ' , so that dollar signs inside the one - liner are n't expanded by the shell .
But that makes it annoying to use a ' inside your one - liner , since you can't escape a single quote inside of single quotes , in the shell .
Let 's suppose we wanted to print the username of anyone in /etc / passwd whose name included an apostrophe .
One option would be to use a standard shell - quoting trick to include the ' : perl - F : - lane ' print $ F [ 0 ] if $ F [ 4 ] =~ /' " ' " '/'
/etc / passwd
But counting apostrophes and backslashes gets old fast .
A better option , in my opinion , is to use the environment to pass the regex into perl , which lets you dodge a layer of parsing entirely : env re= " ' " perl - F : - lane ' print $ F [ 0 ] if $ F [ 4 ] =~ /$ ENV{re} / '
/etc / passwd
We use the env command to place the regex in a variable called re , which we can then refer to from the perl script through the %ENV hash .
This way is slightly longer , but I find the savings in counting backslashes or quotes to be worth it , especially if you need to end up embedding strings with more than a single metacharacter .
Trick #9 : BEGIN and END BEGIN { ... } and END { ... } let you put code that gets run entirely before or after the loop over the lines .
For example , I could sum the values in the second column of a CSV file using : perl - F , - lane '$t += $ F [ 1 ] ; END { print $t }' Trick # 10 : - MRegexp :: Common Using -M on the command line tells perl to load the given module before running your code .
There are thousands of modules available on CPAN , numerous of them potentially useful in one - liners , but one of my favorite for one - liner use is Regexp : : Common , which , as its name suggests , contains regular expressions to match numerous commonly - used pieces of data .
The full set of regexes available in Regexp : : Common is available in its documentation , but here 's an example of where I might use it :
Neither the ifconfig nor the ip tool that is supposed to replace it provide , as far as I know , an easy way of extracting information for use by scripts .
The ifdata program provides such an interface , but is n't installed everywhere .
Using perl and Regexp : : Common , however , we can do a pretty decent job of extracing an IP from ips output : ip address list eth0 | \ perl - MRegexp : : Common - lne ' print $ 1 if /( $ RE{net}{IPv4} ) / '
So , those are my favorite tricks , but I always love learning more .
What tricks have you found or invented for messing with perl on the command - line ?
What 's the most egregious perl " one- liner " you 've wielded , continuing to tack on statements well after the point where you should have dropped your code into a real script ?
These are some of the most amazing artwork that I have ever seen .
They are drawing art illusion by an artist called Rob Gonsalves is a Canadian painter “ magic realism ” .
Artist Rob Gonsalves was born in Toronto , Canada in 1959 .
During his childhood , he developed an interest in drawing from imagination using various media .
By age twelve , his awareness of architecture grew as he leaned perspective techniques and began to do his first paintings and renderings of imagined buildings .
After an introduction to Artists Dali and Tanguy , Gonsalves began his first surrealist paintings .
The “ Magic Realism ” approach of Magritte along with the precise perspective illusions of Escher came to be influences in his future work .
Although Gonsalves ’ work is often categorized as surrealistic , it differs due to the fact that the images are deliberately planned and result from conscious thought .
Ideas are largely generated by the external world and involve recognizable human activities , using carefully planned illusionist devices .
Gonsalves injects a sense of magic into realistic scenes .
As a result , the term “ Magic Realism ” describes his work accurately .
His work is an attempt to represent human beings desire to believe is the impossible .
Find our more about him visit Rob Goncalves ’ website
Here some of his amazing artwork ,
My neighbor 's boyfriend is an idiot , he got drunk last night and decided to " scare " his girlfriend by climbing her balcony while wearing a hockey mask and screaming " open up I have a gun " the only problem is he was so drunk he came to my house instead .
As soon as I heard someone climbing my balcony I pulled out and loaded my rifle ...
the poor kid pissed himself , cried and said " where 's Gina ? "
As soon as he took his hockey mask off ( I yelled at the poor idiot " take your f-ing mask off so I can see your face while I f- ing shoot you " )
I realized who he was and now I feel rather bad .
what is the proper way to apologize after almost killing a drunk idiot ?
After a vote of confidence from the general manager and a still - burning passion for coaching , Devils ’ coach Jacques Lemaire decided to call it quits after one season .
“ After reflection and 17 years of coaching , I decided to retire , ” Lemaire said to Tom Gulitti of the Bergen Record .
“ It ’s tough to leave what you like aside , but it ’s a decision that I made and I will do . ”
Lemaire originally thought of retiring last year , when he left the Minnesota Wild .
But Lou Lamoriello went to Lemaire ’s house in Montreal , convincing him to come back to coach the team this season .
Lemaire returned because he believed the Devils could win the Stanley Cup this season , a dream that ended Thursday night .
“ When I accepted this ( job ) , I thought we had a chance to go for the Cup and this is the reason why I accepted it , ” he said to Gulitti .
“ You talk about frustration , it is .
After one series , you ’re out when you ’re think of maybe making two , three , four . ”
Lemaire said the Devils ’ first - round exit is n’t the reason for his retirement .
He said it was based solely on not having the energy to make it through an entire season .
The year went really well .
It ’s not the problems that you have with the players .
It ’s nothing .
It ’s part of the game .
It ’s not the team .
It ’s not the lack of result that we had in the playoffs .
It ’s not that at all .
I just find that it ’s the end of the line .
I ’ll be 65 .
It ’s just time .
Lemaire will remain with the organization in a capacity to be determined later .
The Devils will now hire their 11th coach since 1997 - 1998 .
In the five seasons since the lockout , the Devils have had five different head coaches – including Lamoriello ( twice ) .
Lemaire took over last season for Brent Sutter , who decided to leave the organization to be closer to his family in Alberta , Canada .
The former coach took the head coaching job for the Calgary Flames .
Lemaire , hired on July 13 , 2009 , led the Devils to a 48 - 27-7 ( 103 points ) , their ninth Atlantic Division title and second seed in the conference .
But the Devils were eliminated in the five games by the Philadelphia Flyers .
The 65 - year old Lemaire , who guided the Devils to their first Stanley Cup in 1995 , retired with a 588-441-183 record with 1 , 213 NHL regular season games .
He is the Devils ’ all - time leader with 247 wins behind the bench .
WASHINGTON — Thrown on the defensive , President Barack Obama acknowledged that his administration could have done better in dealing with the biggest oil spill in the nation ’s history and misjudged the industry ’s ability to cope with a worst - case scenario .
Obama will make his second tour of the battered Gulf Coast on Friday .
MORE : BP RESTARTS ‘TOP KILL ’ PROCESS
“ I take responsibility .
It is my job to make sure that everything is done to shut this down , ” Obama declared in a lengthy news conference at the White House on Thursday .
As he spoke , well owner BP struggled anew to plug the blown well that exploded five weeks ago , killing 11 workers and sending millions of gallons of polluting oil gushing out .
WATCH VIDEO OF THE SPILL
Obama announced new steps to deal with the aftermath of the spill , including continuing a moratorium on drilling permits for six months .
He also said he was suspending planned exploration drilling off the coasts of Alaska and Virginia and on 33 wells under way in the Gulf of Mexico .
The president ’s direct language on being in charge of the spill , which he repeated several times , marked a change in emphasis from earlier administration assertions that , while the government was overseeing the operation , BP had the expertise and equipment to make the decisions on how to stop the flow .
Taking control carried its own political risks for Obama , because any failure to stop the gusher would then belong to the president .
But Obama could suffer politically if his administration was seen as falling short of staying on top of the problem or not working hard to find a solution .
“ The American people should know that from the moment this disaster began , the federal government has been in charge of the response effort , ” Obama said .
He was reacting to criticism that his administration had been slow to act and had left BP in charge of plugging the leak .
Obama said many critics failed to realize “ this has been our highest priority . ”
“ My job right now is just to make sure everybody in the Gulf understands :
This is what I wake up to in the morning , and this is what I go to bed at night thinking about .
The spill . ”
A team of U.S. scientists on Thursday significantly raised the estimate of how much oil has been leaking from a damaged well into the Gulf of Mexico .
The figures signal that the disaster is at least as big as the Exxon Valdez spill two decades ago , and could perhaps double it in size .
Between 12,000 and 19,000 barrels a day are estimated to be spilling into the waters of the Gulf , said U.S. Geological Survey director Marcia McNutt , the leader of an inter-agency team created to measure the size and rate of the spill following criticism that a previous estimate of 5,000 barrels a day was inaccurate .
The announcement comes as Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said Thursday that BP PLC ’s effort to stop the flow of oil from a broken well in the Gulf of Mexico has so far “ stabilized the wellhead ” and stopped the oil and gas from coming up .
But Adm .
Allen and a BP executive , in separate appearances Thursday , cautioned that the so - called top kill operation to seal the well , and stop a gusher of crude fouling the Louisiana coast , is n’t complete .
The U.S. scientist group , which comprised scientists from the U.S .
Geological Survey , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the University of Washington , the University of Texas and other institutions , calculated the amount of oil on the surface to range between 130,000 and 270,000 barrels of oil as of May 17 .
A similar volume of oil had already been burned , skimmed or evaporated , McNutt said in a conference call , putting the total size of the spill at 260,000 to 540,000 barrels as of that date .
In 1989 , the Exxon Valdez released 11 million gallons , or about 260,000 barrels of oil , in Alaska ’s Prince William sound , creating one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history and triggering an onslaught of oil - spill legislation .
The flow rate estimate put forward by the scientist group is the overlap of the results seen by two study groups , one of which studied oil on the surface and calculated that the spill rate ranged between 12,000 barrels and 19,000 barrels a day .
The other group , which analyzed the underwater plume , gauged the leak rate at 12,000 to 25,000 barrels a day .
The Associated Press and The Wall Street Journal contributed to this story .
Reptiles that ' tolerate heat and should be well buffered against warming are the victims ' as world enters ' era of climate change extinctions '
One–fifth of lizard species globally will become extinct by 2080 due to global warming , according to a study using data from more than 1,200 populations worldwide .
The research found that more than a 10th of Mexico's Sceloporus lizard populations have been driven to extinction in the last 35 years , with the figure projected to increase to almost 40 % by 2080 .
The scientists projected their findings globally using data from other lizard populations around the world .
The findings come in the wake of immense criticism over the failure of world leaders to live up to a commitment to reduce biodiversity loss by 2010 .
Professor Barry Sinervo at the University of California , Santa Cruz , who led the study , said he believes " we have now entered the era of climate change extinctions " .
Global maps of observed local extinctions in 2009 , and projections for 2050 and 2080 based on geographic distributions of lizard families of the world .
Illustration : Barry Sinervo
Although we may not be accustomed to considering lizards as important players within our ecosystems in the UK , he warns that the reptiles occupy diverse ecological roles in ecosystems across the globe and their reduced numbers will have important implications for ecosystems and maintaining species diversity .
" Their loss could cause a collapse at higher levels of the food webs , " he said .
" Many people appreciate that climate warming may lead to extinction in the future , " said Prof Raymond Huey an evolutionary physiologist at the University of Washington , who was not directly involved in the study .
" But this paper shows that climate - induced extinction has already arrived and that more is coming .
What is especially concerning is that lizards – a group of animals that tolerate heat and should be well buffered against warming – are the victims . "
Scientists made the initial discovery by distributing an electronic device across 200 sites in Mexico where the lizards were both thriving and had already gone extinct .
They found that rapid warming was causing the animals to spend more time in cooler retreats , preventing them from finding food and reproducing at a level able to maintain a stable population size .
The reptiles do no produce their own heat internally and so are dependent on the sun .
When the researchers plotted the thermal biological data from the Sceloporus lizards , and more than 1,200 other populations found worldwide , against projected temperature rises they discovered that global warming will drive 39 % of all global lizard populations and one fifth of all lizard species to extinction by 2080 .
A drastic cut in CO2 production which limited temperature rise might enable losses to be limited to 6 % of species , the study predicts .
However , given the time lag required for current levels of CO2 to decline in the atmosphere and the projected rise in temperatures that we have already observed , Sinervo believes it is unlikely that more extinctions could be avoided .
Huey said the paper was a call to arms for scientists and policymakers .
" This is a mission critical paper that sends urgent messages to two groups .
First , it should prompt government officials to draft regulatory changes that may slow the growth of greenhouse gasses .
Second , it sends a strong message to biologists - we need to get busy and start studying extinctions [ their extent and causes ] rather than just predicting future extinctions . "
The trial began today for a former NYPD officer caught on tape slamming a cyclist to the curb in a seemingly unprovoked assault during a 2008 Critical Mass ride .
In opening statements , Patrick Pogan 's lawyer told the jury that Pogan was n't the criminal here , but rather cyclist Christopher Long , who deserved to be arrested because he was probably stoned when he rode his bike through the center of the street .
Defense lawyer Stuart London argues that Long " orchestrated " the arrest so he could sue the city .
Furthermore , Long " was actually discharged out of the Army , the evidence will show , for smoking marijuana , " and had rolling papers on him when he was arrested .
( Long was charged with assault , but not possession of rolling papers , perhaps because it 's not a crime ? )
Long was also riding in the middle of the street with his hands off the handlebars , swerving toward Pogan , who had no choice but to follow orders and make an arrest .
" It 's a party to him , " London said .
" And he 's going to ride his bike right through Officer Pogan . "
According to London , Pogan just a " bright - eyed , new officer , " with just 11 days on the job , " a naive , professional officer just trying to do his job . "
A job he was unprepared for !
" He thought he was going to go to St. Patrick 's Cathedral , " said London .
" He did n't know what Critical Mass was .
He had no idea . "
London says Pogan was told to " stop " riders who broke the law , which is just what he did , and now he's on trial for assault and filing a false criminal complaint , which claimed that Long " drove " his bicycle " directly into [ Pogan 's ] body , causing [ Pogan ] to fall to the ground and causing a laceration to his arm . "
The infamous video , below , tells quite a different story :
A bunch of gaming outlets were sent USB drives with no return address today .
The only information on the drive appears to be a MP3 file with a cryptic audio message and a text document .
Little help ?
Cryptography
Isotope
Philanthropy
Hydrogen
Ember
Rebirth
When viewing the audio file in Microsoft Word , these lines of code are revealed .
00000000 00000210 00000825 000000000037474B 00000000 0016FDA0 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000TCONA person on the audio file reads out the letters below :
The separate word document also only has these six words posted .
The postage stamp says it came from Maryland .
Could this be from Bethesda as a tease for Fallout : New Vegas :
Ok , wow , monster updates here .
Joystiq was able to put together a lot of the clues .
The codeis deciphered into the website https://www.gknova6.com/
The recorded message found on the website can be deciphered using the Baconian Cipher into .
You can also mess around with the TV dial to see nuclear imagery , So it looks like something is coming next week . :
It appears the decrypted information sent to gaming outlets yesterday points to news surrounding Activision 's newest Call of Duty title or possibly Singularity First , a Bethesda representative confirmed to IGN this viral campaign " has nothing to do with us or anything we 're doing . "
So we can rule out a Fallout : New Vegas User DaneORoo has also put together an impressive list of clues .
The blinking light found on the television set is Morse code for the letters RAIS , which could stand for the four announced functions of the Time Manipulation Device found in Singularity : Revert , Age , Impulse , Stasis .
User MrNuclearGuy notes , however , it might not be so clear cut .
The television set depicts images of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy .
" Singularity is set in the times of both 1950 and 2010 .
John Kennedy was not president until the early 60's .
In fact , at the time of the game ( 1950 ) , he is only a member of the US House . "
" The video at gknova6.com shows the elements U - 238 and U - 235 .
Singularity focuses on the element Einsteinium ( 99 on the Table of Elements ) .
Although in further research , Einsteinium is created from Plutonium - 239 , which itself is a product of U - 235 .
So there might be a connection .
" It could also be the next Call of Duty developed by Treyarch .
While not much information is known about the title , rumor and speculation point to the game set in Vietnam , which would fit the John F. Kennedy time line of the 1960s .
Google Analytics search points to the domain being registered by Activision , so we can only guess this viral campaign deals with either of these two games .--------------Both the audio file and word document can be downloaded below .
Let us know in the comments if you crack anything or send us an e-mail to let us know .
Divorce is an extremely high cost business .
So you want to be sure you are well informed before making any decisions , especially of you live in California , in some nice place like Los Gatos .
Try a Kind Word or Two When seeing your spouse in court or at future events that include your kids , you [… ]
We are actively serving current and new clients as we speak .
Our new web design was interrupted by the state shut down .
We are open and working remotely , but our online presence is a bit rough .
As soon as we can gather updated profiles and current photos for the site , you will view the new look of ATMG&T
A second trailer for The Expendables .
A group of mercenaries is hired to infiltrate a South American country and overthrow its ruthless dictator .
Once the mission begins , the men realize things are n't quite as they appear , finding themselves caught in a dangerous web of deceit and betrayal .
With their mission thwarted and an innocent life in danger , the men struggle with an even tougher challenge -- one that threatens to destroy this band of brothers .
Quantum entanglement , a phenomenon by which two or more particles share correlated properties through some instantaneous link , is tricky business .
The quantum - mechanical bond entangling two particles is so delicate , it can be broken by any number of outside perturbations .
Try entangling three particles , and the system becomes just that much more vulnerable to interference .
Nevertheless , physicists strive to entangle ever larger systems , with the ultimate goal of harnessing quantum effects in large numbers of particles for computation , communication , or ultraprecise measurements .
A paper in the May 14 issue of Science reports progress in that quest , in the form of an experimental setup that entangles five photons .
The researchers , from the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , coaxed the photons into what is called a NOON state , in which the particles have two possible paths to choose from but collectively follow only one of them .
NOON is shorthand for the two possible states N0 and 0N , which signify that N photons follow one path , while zero photons follow the other .
Until a measurement is made , the photons are said to be in a superposition of the two states .
For large values of N , the states are cheekily dubbed " high - NOON " states , and five photons is the highest NOON yet .
Experimental physicist Itai Afek , a Weizmann graduate student and study co-author , explains that his group mixed light from two sources at a beam splitter to entangle the photons and separate the two paths .
A beam splitter is essentially a mirror that reflects half the incident photons , allowing the other half to pass through unscathed .
With properly entangled photons , however , the behavior is strongly correlated — whichever path the photons choose to follow , they do so en masse .
" The five photons reach the beam splitter , and either all of them are reflected or all of them are transmitted , so they behave collectively , " Afek says .
That correlated action could have benefits beyond clever quantum trickery .
" These photons act collectively like one fat photon , " Afek says , " and this fat photon has a wavelength that is N times smaller than the wavelength of the light we use . "
In other words , a five - photon NOON state has a wavelength just one - fifth the size of its entangled photons , which is a boon to precision measurements using optics .
" Generally speaking , short wavelengths imply high resolution , " Afek adds .
One wavelength - dependent measurement approach is interferometry , in which interference between two beams of light can reveal subtle differences in the lengths of the paths the beams have traveled .
Experiments are already under way using interferometric arms several kilometers long to try to detect ripples in spacetime known as gravity waves .
Entangled light , with its diminished wavelength , could even be used to etch ever smaller details onto electrical circuits using optical lithography , but that probably will not find its way into desktop computers anytime soon .
" I should be honest — it has been discussed a lot , but there are many problems to actually applying it , " Afek says .
He adds that high - resolution microscopy is likely a more feasible application in the near term .
Although the Weizmann group has generated the largest NOON state yet , entangling five photons is not a record per se .
In 2007 , another group reported entangling six photons in a different kind of state .
But Afek notes that in that work " the number of spatial modes is identical to the number of photons you are measuring " — in other words , there are not two paths the photons can follow , but six .
" We 're cramming all of the photons into one of two possible situations , " Afek adds .
" This makes it much more relevant to interferometry , because typically you have two arms .
So it 's convenient to have all of your photons in those two arms . "
The researchers claim that their NOON state scales easily to accommodate more photons — on paper , at least .
" As a theoretical scheme it works as well for 100 photons as for five , " Afek says .
But actually achieving large - scale entanglement in the lab is no picnic .
" These fat photons , the fatter they get , the more sensitive they get — they get very touchy , " he says .
" The bigger they are , the more perfect your setup has to become to observe them . "
Afek acknowledges that applications for entangled photons in NOON states appear to lie rather far in the future , but for now his group is content to tinker with one of the finickiest properties of physics .
" What we 're trying to do is scale up this behavior and see what the difficulties are when the system grows , " Afek says .
" When you want to get larger and larger states , you really have to meet the high standards that quantum mechanics sets for you . "
Image caption Facebook privacy is once again under scrutiny
Facebook has rushed to fix a security flaw that allowed users to eavesdrop on the live chats of their friends and see their pending friend requests .
The exploit used the site 's privacy features - intended to protect a user - to expose the personal information .
With just a few clicks users could spy on their friends ' personal chat messages and see who had requested to join their network .
Facebook temporarily removed the chat facility while it fixed the flaw .
The exploit - originally reported by the blog TechCrunch - worked via an option in privacy settings that allows people to preview their profiles as it would appear to their friends .
Prompt fix
But it was never intended to show others what their friends were actually doing .
" For a limited period of time , a bug permitted some users ' chat messages and pending friend requests to be made visible to their friends by manipulating the ' preview my profile ' feature of Facebook privacy settings , " Facebook said in a statement .
" When we received reports of the problem , our engineers promptly diagnosed it and temporarily disabled the chat function .
We also pushed out a fix to take care of the visible friend requests which is now complete , " it added .
The chat function will be turned back on " shortly " it said .
" For any organisation , whether you are a social networking site or not , privacy breaches are worrying , " said Candid Wueest , security expert at Symantec .
" Unfortunately , this is n't the first privacy breach of its kind to plague a social networking site - other high - profile sites have also been affected with similar problems . "
He praised Facebook 's quick response to the issue .
" Facebook has acted quickly in fixing the alleged flaw , whereas some social networking sites have been known to take days to fix issues reported , " he said .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio announced a new program where inmates have to pedal on exercise bicycles to watch television .
Inmates will pedal on a bike that generates 12 volts , enough electrical current to power a 19 - inch tube television at the Tent City television viewing area .
One hour of pedaling equals one hour of television watching .
Typically , inmates are only allowed to watch the Weather Channel , Food Network , and C - SPAN , but with the new program they will be allowed to watch any local channel .
Arpaio said he hopes the new idea encourages inmates to exercise .
For now the program is only available to female inmates because they seemed more receptive to the idea than the male inmates , Arpaio said in a statement .
Arpaio said only those who have agreed to pedal will have access to the inmate - powered television .
Inmates wo n't be charged a monthly gym fee but will have to sign a contract , Arpaio said .
When we meet Jesus of Nazareth at the beginning of the Gospel of Mark , almost surely the oldest of the four , he ’s a full - grown man .
He comes down from Galilee , meets John , an ascetic desert hermit who lives on locusts and wild honey , and is baptized by him in the River Jordan .
If one thing seems nearly certain to the people who read and study the Gospels for a living , it ’s that this really happened : John the Baptizer — as some like to call him , to give a better sense of the original Greek ’s flat - footed active form — baptized Jesus .
They believe it because it seems so unlikely , so at odds with the idea that Jesus always played the star in his own show : why would anyone have said it if it were n’t true ?
This curious criterion governs historical criticism of Gospel texts : the more improbable or “ difficult ” an episode or remark is , the likelier it is to be a true record , on the assumption that you would edit out all the weird stuff if you could , and keep it in only because the tradition is so strong that it ca n’t plausibly be excluded .
If Jesus says something nice , then someone is probably saying it for him ; if he says something nasty , then probably he really did .
Art by Salvador DalÍ , “ Christ of St John of the Cross ” ( 1951 ) / Culture And Sport Glasgow ( Museums )
So then , the scholars argue , the author of Mark , whoever he was — the familiar names conventionally attached to each Gospel come later *— added the famous statement of divine favor , descending directly from the heavens as they opened .
But what does the voice say ?
In Mark , the voice says , “ You are my Son , whom I love ; with you I am well pleased , ” seeming to inform a Jesus who does n’t yet know that this is so .
But some early versions of Luke have the voice quoting Psalm 2 : “ You are my Son ; today I have begotten you . ”
Only in Matthew does it announce Jesus ’ divinity to the world as though it were an ancient , fixed agreement , not a new act .
In Mark , for that matter , the two miraculous engines that push the story forward at the start and pull it toward Heaven at the end — the Virgin Birth and the Resurrection — make no appearance at all .
The story begins with Jesus ’ adult baptism , with no hint of a special circumstance at his birth , and there is actually some grumbling by Jesus about his family ( “ Only in his home town , among his relatives and in his own house , is a prophet without honor , ” he complains ) ; it ends with a cry of desolation as he is executed — and then an enigmatic and empty tomb .
( It ’s left to the Roman centurion to recognize him as the Son of God after he is dead , while the verses in Mark that show him risen were apparently added later . )
The intractable complexities of fact produce the inevitable ambiguities of faith .
The more one knows , the less one knows .
Was Jesus a carpenter , or even a carpenter ’s son ?
The Greek word tekto¯n , long taken to mean “ carpenter , ” could mean something closer to a stoneworker or a day laborer .
( One thinks of the similar shadings of a word like “ printer , ” which could refer to Ben Franklin or to his dogsbody . )
If a carpenter , then presumably he was an artisan .
If a stoneworker , then presumably he spent his early years as a laborer , schlepping from Nazareth to the grand Greco - Roman city of Sepphoris , nearby , to help build its walls and perhaps visit its theatre and agora .
And what of the term “ Son of Man , ” which he uses again and again in Mark , mysteriously : “ The Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath . ”
As Diarmaid MacCulloch points out in his new , immensely ambitious and absorbing history , “ Christianity : The First Three Thousand Years ” ( Viking ; $ 45 ) , the phrase , which occurs in the Gospels “ virtually exclusively in the reported words of Jesus , ” certainly is n’t at all the same as the later “ Son of God , ” and may merely be Aramaic for “ folks like us . ”
Belief remains a bounce , faith a leap .
Still , the appetite for historical study of the New Testament remains a publishing constant and a popular craze .
Book after book — this year , ten in one month alone — appears , seeking the Truth .
Paul Johnson has a sound believer ’s life , “ Jesus : A Biography from a Believer , ” while Paul Verhoeven , the director of “ Basic Instinct , ” has a new skeptical - scholar ’s book , “ Jesus of Nazareth ” ( Seven Stories ; $ 23.95 ) .
Verhoeven turns out to be a member of the Jesus Seminar , a collection mostly of scholars devoted to reconstructing the historical Jesus , and much of what he has to say is shrewd and learned .
( An odd pull persists between box - office and Biblical study .
A few years ago , another big action - film director and producer , James Cameron , put himself at the center of a documentary called “ The Lost Tomb of Jesus . ” )
What the amateur reader wants , given the thickets of uncertainty that surround the garden , is not what the passionate polemicists want — not so much a verdict on whether Jesus was nasty or nice as a sense of what , if anything , was new in his preaching .
Was the cult that changed the world a product of Paul ’s evangelism and imperial circumstance and the military embrace of one miracle - mystery cult among many such around ?
Or was there really something new , something unheard of , that can help explain the scale of what happened later ?
Did the rise of Christendom take place because historical plates were moving , with a poor martyred prophet caught between , or did one small pebble of parable and preaching start the avalanche that ended the antique world ?
Ever since serious scholarly study of the Gospels began , in the nineteenth century , its moods have ranged from the frankly skeptical — including a “ mythicist ” position that the story is entirely made up — to the credulous , with some archeologists still holding that it is all pretty reliable , and tombs and traces can be found if you study the texts hard enough .
The current scholarly tone is , judging from the new books , realist but pessimistic .
While accepting a historical Jesus , the scholarship also tends to suggest that the search for him is a little like the search for the historical Sherlock Holmes : there were intellectual - minded detectives around , and Conan Doyle had one in mind in the eighteen - eighties , but the really interesting bits — Watson , Irene Adler , Moriarty , and the Reichenbach Falls — were , even if they all had remote real - life sources , shaped by the needs of storytelling , not by traces of truth .
Holmes dies because heroes must , and returns from the dead , like Jesus , because the audience demanded it .
( The view that the search for the historical Jesus is like the search for the historical Superman — that there ’s nothing there but a hopeful story and a girlfriend with an alliterative name — has by now been marginalized from the seminaries to the Internet ; the scholar Earl Doherty defends it on his Web site with grace and tenacity . )
The American scholar Bart Ehrman has been explaining the scholars ’ truths for more than a decade now , in a series of sincere , quiet , and successful books .
Ehrman is one of those best - selling authors like Richard Dawkins and Robert Ludlum and Peter Mayle , who write the same book over and over — but the basic template is so good that the new version is always worth reading .
In his latest installment , “ Jesus , Interrupted ” ( HarperOne ; $ 15.99 ) , Ehrman once again shares with his readers the not entirely good news he found a quarter century ago when , after a fundamentalist youth , he went to graduate school : that all the Gospels were written decades after Jesus ’ death ; that all were written in Greek , which Jesus and the apostles did n’t speak and could n’t write ( if they could read and write at all ) ; and that they were written as testaments of faith , not chronicles of biography , shaped to fit a prophecy rather than report a profile .
The odd absences in Mark are matched by the unreal presences in the other Gospels .
The beautiful Nativity story in Luke , for instance , in which a Roman census forces the Holy Family to go back to its ancestral city of Bethlehem , is an obvious invention , since there was no Empire - wide census at that moment , and no sane Roman bureaucrat would have dreamed of ordering people back to be counted in cities that their families had left hundreds of years before .
The author of Luke , whoever he might have been , invented Bethlehem in order to put Jesus in David ’s city .
( James Tabor , a professor of religious studies , in his 2006 book “ The Jesus Dynasty , ” takes surprisingly seriously the old Jewish idea that Jesus was known as the illegitimate son of a Roman soldier named Pantera — as well attested a tradition as any , occurring in Jewish texts of the second century , in which a Jesus ben Pantera makes several appearances , and the name is merely descriptive , not derogatory .
Tabor has even found , however improbably , a tombstone in Germany for a Roman soldier from Syria - Palestine named Pantera . )
“ Evan and I have an open relationship , but , really , who has the energy ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
What seems a simple historical truth is that all the Gospels were written after the destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple in the First Jewish - Roman War , in 70 C.E. — a catastrophe so large that it left the entire Jesus movement in a crisis that we can dimly imagine if we think of Jewish attitudes before and after the Holocaust : the scale of the tragedy leads us to see catastrophe as having been built into the circumstance .
As L. Michael White ’s “ Scripting Jesus : The Gospels in Rewrite ” ( HarperOne ; $ 28.99 ) explains in daunting scholarly detail , even Mark — which , coming first , might seem to be closest to the truth — was probably written in the ruins of the Temple and spiritually shaped to its desolate moment .
Mark ’s essential point , he explains , is about secrecy : Jesus keeps telling people to be quiet about his miracles , and confides only to an inner circle of disciples .
With the Temple gone ,
White says , it was necessary to persuade people that the grotesque political failure of Jesus ’ messianism was n’t a real failure .
Mark invents the idea that Jesus ’ secret was not that he was the “ Davidic ” messiah , the Arthur - like returning king , but that he was someone even bigger : the Son of God , whose return would signify the end of time and the birth of the Kingdom of God .
The literary critic Frank Kermode , in “ The Genesis of Secrecy ” ( 1979 ) , a pioneering attempt to read Mark seriously as poetic literature , made a similar point , though his is less historical than interpretative .
Kermode considers
Mark to be , as the French would say , a text that reads itself : the secret it contains is that its central figure is keeping a secret that we can never really get .
It is an intentionally open - ended story , prematurely closed , a mystery without a single solution .
Even if we make allowances for Mark ’s cryptic tracery , the human traits of his Jesus are evident : intelligence , short temper , and an ironic , duelling wit .
What seems new about Jesus is not his piety or divine detachment but the humanity of his irritability and impatience .
He ’s no Buddha .
He gets annoyed at the stupidity of his followers , their inability to grasp an obvious point .
“ Do you have eyes but fail to see ? ” he asks the hapless disciples .
The fine English actor Alec McCowen used to do a one - man show in which he recited Mark , complete , and his Jesus came alive instantly as a familiar human type — the Gandhi - Malcolm - Martin kind of charismatic leader of an oppressed people , with a character that clicks into focus as you begin to dramatize it .
He ’s verbally spry and even a little shifty .
He likes defiant , enigmatic paradoxes and pregnant parables that never quite close , perhaps by design .
A story about a vineyard whose ungrateful husbandmen keep killing the servants sent to them is an anti-establishment , even an anti-clerical story , but it is n’t so obvious as to get him in trouble .
The suspicious priests keep trying to catch him out in a declaration of anti-Roman sentiment :
Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar or not , they ask — that is , do you recognize Roman authority or do n’t you ?
He has a penny brought out , sees the picture of the emperor on it , and , shrugging , says to give to the state everything that rightly belongs to the state .
The brilliance of that famous crack is that Jesus turns the question back on the questioner , in mock - innocence .
Why , you give the king the king ’s things and God God’s .
Of course , this leaves open the real question : what is Caesar ’s and what is God’s ?
It ’s a tautology designed to evade self - incrimination .
Jesus ’ morality has a brash , sidewise indifference to conventional ideas of goodness .
His pet style blends the epigrammatic with the enigmatic .
When he makes that complaint about the prophet having no honor in his own home town , or says exasperatedly that there is no point in lighting a candle unless you intend to put it in a candlestick , his voice carries a disdain for the props of piety that still feels startling .
And so with the tale of the boy who wastes his inheritance but gets a feast from his father , while his dutiful brother does n’t ; or the one about the weeping whore who is worthier than her good , prim onlookers ; or about the passionate Mary who is better than her hardworking sister Martha .
There is a wild gaiety about Jesus ’ moral teachings that still leaps off the page .
He is informal in a new way , too , that remains unusual among prophets .
MacCulloch points out that he continually addresses God as “ Abba , ” Father , or even Dad , and that the expression translated in the King James Version as a solemn “ Verily I say unto you ” is actually a quirky Aramaic throat - clearer , like Dr. Johnson ’s “ Depend upon it , Sir . ”
Some of the sayings do have , in their contempt for material prosperity , the ring of Greek Cynic philosophy , but there is also something neither quite Greek nor quite Jewish about Jesus ’ morality that makes it fresh and strange even now .
Is there a more miraculous scene in ancient literature than the one in John where Jesus absent - mindedly writes on the ground while his fellow - Jews try to entrap him into approving the stoning of an adulteress , only to ask , wide - eyed , if it would n’t be a good idea for the honor of throwing the first stone to be given to the man in the mob who has n’t sinned himself ?
Is there a more compressed and charming religious exhortation than the one in the Gospel of Thomas in which Jesus merrily recommends to his disciples , “ Be passersby ” ?
Too much fussing about place and home and ritual , and even about where , exactly , you ’re going to live , is unnecessary : be wanderers , dharma bums .
This social radicalism still shines through — not a programmatic radicalism of national revolution but one of Kerouac - like satori - seeking - on - the - road .
And the social radicalism is highly social .
The sharpest opposition in the Gospels , the scholar and former priest John Dominic Crossan points out in his illuminating books —
“ The Historical Jesus : The Life of a Mediterranean Jewish Peasant ” is the best known — is between John the Faster and Jesus the Feaster .
Jesus eats and drinks with whores and highwaymen , turns water into wine , and , finally , in one way or another , establishes a mystical union at a feast through its humble instruments of bread and wine .
The table is his altar in every sense .
Crossan , the co-founder of the Jesus Seminar , makes a persuasive case that Jesus ’ fressing was perhaps the most radical element in his life — that his table manners pointed the way to his heavenly morals .
Crossan sees Jesus living within a Mediterranean Jewish peasant culture , a culture of clan and cohort , in which who eats with whom defines who stands where and why .
So the way Jesus repeatedly violates the rules on eating , on “ commensality , ” would have shocked his contemporaries .
He dines with people of a different social rank , which would have shocked most Romans , and with people of different tribal allegiance , which would have shocked most Jews .
The most forceful of his sayings , still shocking to any pious Jew or Muslim , is “ What goes into a man ’s mouth does not make him unclean , but what comes out of his mouth , that is what makes him unclean . ”
Jesus is n’t a hedonist or an epicurean , but he clearly is n’t an ascetic , either : he feeds the multitudes rather than instructing them how to go without .
He ’s interested in saving people living normal lives , buying and selling what they can , rather than in retreating into the company of those who have already arrived at a moral conclusion about themselves .
To a modern reader , the relaxed egalitarianism of the open road and the open table can seem undermined by the other part of Jesus ’ message , a violent and even vengeful prediction of a final judgment and a large - scale damnation .
In Mark , Jesus is both a fierce apocalyptic prophet who is preaching the death of the world — he says categorically that the end is near — and a wise philosophical teacher who professes love for his neighbor and supplies advice for living .
If the end is near , why give so much sage counsel ?
If human life is nearly over , why preach in such detail the right way to live ?
One argument is that a later , perhaps “ unpersonified ” body of Hellenized wisdom literature was tacked on to an earlier account of a Jewish messianic prophet .
Since both kinds of literature — apocalyptic hysterics and stoic sayings — can be found all over the period , perhaps they were merely wrenched together .
And yet a single figure who “ projects ” two personae at the same time , or in close sequence , one dark and one dreamy , is a commonplace among charismatic prophets .
That ’s what a charismatic prophet is : someone whose aura of personal conviction manages to reconcile a hard doctrine with a humane manner .
The leaders of the African - American community before the civil - rights era , for instance , had to be both prophets and political agitators to an oppressed and persecuted people in a way not unlike that of the real Jesus ( and all the other forgotten zealots and rabbis whom the first - century Jewish historian Josephus names and sighs over ) .
They , too , tended to oscillate between the comforting and the catastrophic .
Malcolm X was the very model of a modern apocalyptic prophet - politician , unambiguously preaching violence and a doctrine of millennial revenge , all fuelled by a set of cult beliefs — a hovering U.F.O. , a strange racial myth .
But Malcolm was also a community builder , a moral reformer ( genuinely distraught over the sexual sins of his leader ) , who refused to carry weapons , and who ended , within the constraints of his faith , as some kind of universalist .
When he was martyred , he was called a prophet of hate ; within three decades of his death — about the time that separates the Gospels from Jesus — he could be the cover subject of a liberal humanist magazine like this one .
One can even see how martyrdom and “ beatification ” draws out more personal detail , almost perfectly on schedule : Alex Haley , Malcolm ’s Paul , is long on doctrine and short on details ; thirty years on , Spike Lee , his Mark , has a full role for a wife and children , and a universalist message that manages to blend Malcolm into Mandela .
( As if to prove this point , just the other week came news of suppressed chapters of Haley ’s “ Autobiography , ” which , according to Malcolm ’s daughter , “ showed too much of my father ’s humanity . ” )
As the Bacchae knew , we always tear our Gods to bits , and eat the bits we like .
Still , a real , unchangeable difference does exist between what might be called storytelling truths and statement - making truths — between what makes credible , if sweeping , sense in a story and what ’s required for a close - knit metaphysical argument .
Certain kinds of truths are convincing only in a narrative .
The idea , for instance , that the ring of power should be given to two undersized amateurs to throw into a volcano at the very center of the enemy ’s camp makes sound and sober sense , of a kind , in Tolkien ; but you would never expect to find it as a premise at the Middle Earth Military Academy .
Anyone watching Hamlet will find his behavior completely understandable — O.K. , I buy it ; he ’s toying with his uncle — though any critic thinking about it afterward will reflect that this behavior is a little nuts .
“ Look on the dark side . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In Mark , Jesus ’ divinity unfolds without quite making sense intellectually , and without ever needing to .
It has the hypnotic flow of dramatic movement .
The story is one of self - discovery : he does n’t know who he is and then he begins to think he does and then he doubts and in pain and glory he dies and is known .
The story works .
But , as a proposition under scrutiny , it makes intolerable demands on logic .
If Jesus is truly one with God , in what sense could he suffer doubt , fear , exasperation , pain , horror , and so on ?
So we get the Jesus rendered in the Book of John , who does n’t .
But if he does n’t suffer doubt , fear , exasperation , pain , and horror , in what sense is his death a sacrifice rather than just a theatrical enactment ?
A lamb whose throat is not cut and does not bleed is not really much of an offering .
None of this is very troubling if one has a pagan idea of divinity : the Son of God might then be half human and half divine , suffering and triumphing and working out his heroic destiny in the half - mortal way of Hercules , for instance .
But that ’s ruled out by the full weight of the Jewish idea of divinity — omnipresent and omniscient , knowing all and seeing all .
If God he was — not some Hindu-ish avatar or offspring of God , but actually one with God — then God once was born and had dirty diapers and took naps .
The longer you think about it , the more astounding , or absurd , it becomes .
To be really believed at all , it can only be told again .
So the long history of the early Church councils that tried to make the tales into a theology is , in a way , a history of coming out of the movie confused , and turning to someone else to ask what just happened .
This is the subject of Philip Jenkins ’s “ Jesus Wars : How Four Patriarchs , Three Queens , and Two Emperors Decided What Christians Would Believe for the Next 1,500 Years ” ( HarperOne ; $ 26.99 ) .
Jenkins explains what was at stake in the seemingly wacky wars over the Arian heresy — the question of whether Jesus the Son shared an essence with God the Father or merely a substance — which consumed the Western world through the second and third centuries .
Was Jesus one with God in the sense that , say , Sean Connery is one with Daniel Craig , different faces of a single role , or in the sense that James Bond is one with Ian Fleming , each so dependent on the other that one cannot talk about the creation apart from its author ?
The passion with which people argued over apparently trivial word choices was , Jenkins explains , not a sign that they were specially sensitive to theology .
People argued that way because they were part of social institutions — cities , schools , clans , networks — in which words are banners and pennants : who pledged to whom was inseparable from who said what in what words .
It was n’t that they really cared about the conceptual difference between the claim that Jesus and the Father were homoousian ( same in essence ) and the claim that the two were homoiousian ( same in substance ) ; they cared about whether the Homoousians or the Homoiousians were going to run the Church .
The effort to seal off the inspiration from the intolerance , nice Jesus from nasty Jesus , is very old .
Jefferson compiled his own New Testament , with the ethical teachings left in and the miracles and damnations left out — and that familiar , outraged sense of the ugly duplicity of the Christian heritage is at the heart of Philip Pullman ’s new plaint against it , “ The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ ” ( Canongate ; $ 24 ) , in which the two aspects are neatly divided into twins borne by Mary .
The wise Jesus is brother to the shrewd Christ .
One leads to the nice Jewish boy , the other to Paul ’s scary punitive God.
Pullman , a writer of great skill and feeling , as he has shown in his magical children ’s fantasies , feels the betrayal of Jesus by his brother Christ as a fundamental betrayal of humanity .
He wants us to forget Christ and return to Jesus alone , to surrender miracles for morals .
Pullman ’s book , however , is not narrowly polemical ; he also retells the parables and acts with a lucid simplicity that strips away the Pauline barnacles .
His real achievement is to translate Jesus ’ sayings into a simple , almost childlike English that would seem to have much of the sound we are told is present in the artless original Greek : “ Those who make peace between enemies , those who solve bitter disputes — they will be blessed .
. . .
But beware , and remember what I tell you : there are some who will be cursed , who will never inherit the Kingdom of God .
D’you want to know who they are ?
Here goes :
Those who are rich will be cursed . ”
If one thing seems clear from all the scholarship , though , it ’s that Paul ’s divine Christ came first , and Jesus the wise rabbi came later .
This fixed , steady twoness at the heart of the Christian story ca n’t be wished away by liberal hope any more than it could be resolved by theological hair - splitting .
Its intractability is part of the intoxication of belief .
It can be amputated , mystically married , revealed as a fraud , or worshipped as the greatest of mysteries .
The two go on , and their twoness is what distinguishes the faith and gives it its discursive dynamism .
All faiths have fights , but , as MacCulloch shows at intricate , thousand - page length , few have so many super - subtle shadings of dogma : wine or blood , flesh or wafer , one God in three spirits or three Gods in one ; a song of children , stables , psalms , parables , and peacemakers , on the one hand , a threnody of suffering , nails , wild dogs , and damnation and risen God , on the other .
The two spin around each other throughout history — the remote Pantocrator of Byzantium giving way to the suffering man of the Renaissance , and on and on .
It is typical of this conundrum that , in the past century , the best Christian poet , W. H. Auden , and the greatest anti-Christian polemicist , William Empson , were exact contemporaries , close friends , and , as slovenly social types , almost perfectly interchangeable Englishmen .
Auden chose Christianity for the absolute democracy of its vision — there is , in it , “ neither Jew nor German , East nor West , boy nor girl , smart nor dumb , boss nor worker . ”
Empson , in the same period , beginning in the fatal nineteen - forties , became the most articulate critic of a morality reduced “ to keeping the taboos imposed by an infinite malignity , ” in which the reintroduction of human sacrifice as a sacred principle left the believer with “ no sense either of personal honour or of the public good . ”
( In this case , though , where Auden saw a nice Christ , Empson saw a nasty Jesus . )
Beyond the words , we still hear that cry .
The Passion is still the point .
In Mark , Jesus ’ arrest and execution feels persuasively less preordained and willed than accidental and horrific .
Jesus seems to have an intimation of the circumstance he has found himself in — leading a rebellion against Rome that is not really a rebellion , yet does n’t really leave any possibility of retreat — and some corner of his soul wants no part of it : “ Abba , Father , everything is possible for you .
Take away this cup from me . ”
Mel Gibson was roughed up for roughing up Jesus , in his “ Passion of the Christ , ” but , though Gibson can fairly be accused of fanaticism , he ca n’t be accused of unfairness : in the long history of human cruelty , crucifixion , practiced as a mass punishment by the Romans , was uniquely horrible .
The victim was stripped , in order to be deprived of dignity , then paraded , then whipped bloody , and then left to die as slowly as possible in as public a manner as conceivable .
( In a sign of just how brutal it was , Josephus tells us that he begged the Roman rulers for three of his friends to be taken off the cross after they had spent hours on it ; one lived . )
The victim ’s legs were broken to bring death in a blaze of pain .
And the corpse was generally left to be eaten by wild dogs .
It was terrifying and ever - present .
Verhoeven , citing Crossan , offers an opening scene for a Jesus bio-pic which neatly underlines this point .
He imagines a man being nailed to a cross , cries of agony , two companion crosses in view , and then we crane out to see two hundred crosses and two hundred victims : we are at the beginning of the story , the mass execution of Jewish rebels in 4 B.C. , not the end .
This was the Roman death waiting for rebels from the outset , and Jesus knew it .
Jesus ’ cry of desolation —
“ My God , my God , why have you forsaken me ? ” — though primly edited out or explained as an apropos quotation from the Psalms by later evangelists , pierces us even now from the pages of Mark , across all the centuries and Church comforts .
The shock and pity of failure still resonates .
One thing , at least , the cry assures : the Jesus faith begins with a failure of faith .
His father let him down , and the promise was n’t kept .
“ Some who are standing here will not taste death before they see the kingdom of God , ” Jesus announced ; but none of them did .
Jesus , and Paul following him , says unambiguously that whatever is coming is coming soon — that the end is very , very near .
It was n’t , and the whole of what follows is built on an apology for what went wrong .
The seemingly modern waiver , “ Well , I know he said that , but he did n’t really mean it quite the way it sounded , ” is built right into the foundation of the cult .
The sublime symbolic turn — or the retreat to metaphor , if you prefer — begins with the first words of the faith .
If the Kingdom of God proved elusive , he must have meant that the Kingdom of God was inside , or outside , or above , or yet to come , anything other than what the words seem so plainly to have meant .
The argument is the reality , and the absence of certainty the certainty .
Authority and fear can circumscribe the argument , or congeal it , but ca n’t end it .
In the beginning was the word : in the beginning , and in the middle , and right there at the close , Word without end , Amen .
The impulse of orthodoxy has always been to suppress the wrangling as a sign of weakness ; the impulse of more modern theology is to embrace it as a sign of life .
The deeper question is whether the uncertainty at the center mimics the plurality of possibilities essential to liberal debate , as the more open - minded theologians like to believe , or is an antique mystery in a story open only as the tomb is open , with a mystery left inside , never to be entirely explored or explained .
With so many words over so long a time , perhaps passersby can still hear tones inaudible to the more passionate participants .
Somebody seems to have hoped so , once . ♦
* Correction , August 13 , 2010 : Not all the Gospels are named for disciples , as originally stated .
Here ’s to the Greeks .
They know what to do when corporations pillage and loot their country .
They know what to do when Goldman Sachs and international bankers collude with their power elite to falsify economic data and then make billions betting that the Greek economy will collapse .
They know what to do when they are told their pensions , benefits and jobs have to be cut to pay corporate banks , which screwed them in the first place .
Call a general strike .
Riot .
Shut down the city centers .
Toss the bastards out .
Do not be afraid of the language of class warfare — the rich versus the poor , the oligarchs versus the citizens , the capitalists versus the proletariat .
The Greeks , unlike most of us , get it .
The former right - wing government of Greece lied about the size of the country ’s budget deficit .
It was not 3.7 percent of gross domestic product but 13.6 percent .
And it now looks like the economies of Spain , Ireland , Italy and Portugal are as bad as Greece ’s , which is why the euro has lost 20 percent of its value in the last few months .
The few hundred billion in bailouts for other faltering European states , like our own bailouts , have only forestalled disaster .
This is why the U.S. stock exchange is in free fall and gold is rocketing upward .
American banks do not have heavy exposure in Greece , but Greece , as most economists concede , is only the start .
Wall Street is deeply invested in other European states , and when the unraveling begins the foundations of our own economy will rumble and crack as loudly as the collapse in Athens .
The corporate overlords will demand that we too impose draconian controls and cuts or see credit evaporate .
They have the money and the power to hurt us .
There will be more unemployment , more personal and commercial bankruptcies , more foreclosures and more human misery .
And the corporate state , despite this suffering , will continue to plunge us deeper into debt to make war .
It will use fear to keep us passive .
We are being consumed from the inside out .
Our economy is as rotten as the economy in Greece .
We too borrow billions a day to stay afloat .
We too have staggering deficits , which can never be repaid .
Heed the dire rhetoric of European leaders .
“ The euro is in danger , ” German Chancellor Angela Merkel
told lawmakers last week as she called on them to approve Germany ’s portion of the bailout plan .
“ If we do not avert this danger , then the consequences for Europe are incalculable , and then the consequences beyond Europe are incalculable . ”
Beyond Europe means us .
The right - wing government of Kostas Karamanlis , which preceded the current government of George Papandreou , did what the Republicans did under George W. Bush .
They looted taxpayer funds to enrich their corporate masters and bankrupt the country .
They stole hundreds of millions of dollars from individual retirement and pension accounts slowly built up over years by citizens who had been honest and industrious .
They used mass propaganda to make the population afraid of terrorists and surrender civil liberties , including habeas corpus .
And while Bush and Karamanlis , along with the corporate criminal class they abetted , live in unparalleled luxury , ordinary working men and women are told they must endure even more pain and suffering to make amends .
It is feudal rape .
And there has to be a point when even the American public — which still believes the fairy tale that personal will power and positive thinking will lead to success — will realize it has been had .
We have seen these austerity measures before .
Latin Americans , like the Russians , were forced by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank to gut social services , end subsidies on basic goods and food , and decimate the income levels of the middle class — the foundation of democracy — in the name of fiscal responsibility .
Small entrepreneurs , especially farmers , were wiped out .
State industries were sold off by corrupt government officials to capitalists for a fraction of their value .
Utilities and state services were privatized .
What is happening in Greece , what will happen in Spain and Portugal , what is starting to happen here in states such as California , is the work of a global , white - collar criminal class .
No government , including our own , will defy them .
It is up to us .
Barack Obama is simply the latest face that masks the corporate state .
His administration serves corporate interests , not ours .
Obama , like Goldman Sachs or Citibank , does not want the public to see how the Federal Reserve Bank acts as a private account and ATM machine for Wall Street at our expense .
He , too , has helped orchestrate the largest transference of wealth upward in American history .
He serves our imperial wars , refuses to restore civil liberties , and has not tamed our crippling deficits .
His administration gutted regulatory agencies that permitted BP to turn the Gulf of Mexico into a toxic swamp .
The refusal of Obama to intervene in a meaningful way to save the gulf ’s ecosystem and curtail the abuses of the natural gas and oil corporations is not an accident .
He knows where power lies .
BP and its employees handed more than $ 3.5 million to federal candidates over the past 20 years , with the largest chunk of their money going to Obama , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
We are facing the collapse of the world ’s financial system .
It is the end of globalization .
And in these final moments the rich are trying to get all they can while there is still time .
The fusion of corporatism , militarism and internal and external intelligence agencies — much of their work done by private contractors — has given these corporations terrifying mechanisms of control .
Think of it , as the Greeks do , as a species of foreign occupation .
Think of the Greek riots as a struggle for liberation .
Dwight Macdonald laid out the consequences of a culture such as ours , where the waging of war was “ the normal mode of existence . ”
The concept of perpetual war , which eluded the theorists behind the 19th and early 20th century reform and social movements , including Karl Marx , has left social reformers unable to deal with this effective mechanism of mass control .
The old reformists had limited their focus to internal class struggle and , as Macdonald noted , never worked out “ an adequate theory of the political significance of war . ”
Until that gap is filled , Macdonald warned , “ modern socialism will continue to have a somewhat academic flavor . ”
Macdonald detailed in his 1946 essay “ The Root Is Man ” the marriage between capitalism and permanent war .
He despaired of an effective resistance until the permanent war economy , and the mentality that went with it , was defeated .
Macdonald , who was an anarchist , saw that the Marxists and the liberal class in Western democracies had both mistakenly placed their faith for human progress in the goodness of the state .
This faith , he noted , was a huge error .
The state , whether in the capitalist United States or the communist Soviet Union , eventually devoured its children .
And it did this by using the organs of mass propaganda to keep its populations afraid and in a state of endless war .
It did this by insisting that human beings be sacrificed before the sacred idol of the market or the utopian worker ’s paradise .
The war state provides a constant stream of enemies , whether the German Hun , the Bolshevik , the Nazi , the Soviet agent or the Islamic terrorist .
Fear and war , Macdonald understood , was the mechanism that let oligarchs pillage in the name of national security .
“ Modern totalitarianism can integrate the masses so completely into the political structure , through terror and propaganda , that they become the architects of their own enslavement , ” he wrote .
“ This does not make the slavery less , but on the contrary more — a paradox there is no space to unravel here .
Bureaucratic collectivism , not capitalism , is the most dangerous future enemy of socialism . ”
Macdonald argued that democratic states had to dismantle the permanent war economy and the propaganda that came with it .
They had to act and govern according to the non-historical and more esoteric values of truth , justice , equality and empathy .
Our liberal class , from the church and the university to the press and the Democratic Party , by paying homage to the practical dictates required by hollow statecraft and legislation , has lost its moral voice .
Liberals serve false gods .
The belief in progress through war , science , technology and consumption has been used to justify the trampling of these non-historical values .
And the blind acceptance of the dictates of globalization , the tragic and false belief that globalization is a form of inevitable progress , is perhaps the quintessential illustration of Macdonald ’s point .
The choice is not between the needs of the market and human beings .
There should be no choice .
And until we break free from serving the fiction of human progress , whether that comes in the form of corporate capitalism or any other utopian vision , we will continue to emasculate ourselves and perpetuate needless human misery .
As the crowds of strikers in Athens understand , it is not the banks that are important but the people who raise children , build communities and sustain life .
And when a government forgets whom it serves and why it exists , it must be replaced .
“ The Progressive makes History the center of his ideology , ” Macdonald wrote in “ The Root Is Man . ” “ The Radical puts Man there .
The Progressive ’s attitude is optimistic both about human nature ( which he thinks is good , hence all that is needed is to change institutions so as to give this goodness a chance to work ) and about the possibility of understanding history through scientific method .
The Radical is , if not exactly pessimistic , at least more sensitive to the dual nature ; he is skeptical about the ability of science to explain things beyond a certain point ; he is aware of the tragic element in man ’s fate not only today but in any collective terms ( the interests of Society or the Working Class ) ; the Radical stresses the individual conscience and sensibility .
The Progressive starts off from what is actually happening ; the Radical starts off from what he wants to happen .
The former must have the feeling that History is ‘ on his side . ’
The latter goes along the road pointed out by his own individual conscience ; if History is going his way , too , he is pleased ; but he is quite stubborn about following ‘ what ought to be ’ rather than ‘ what is . ’ ”
The jelly jar hit the wall in the visiting dressing room at the Wachovia Center hard , smashing into bits and leaving chunks of goo on the designer suits belonging to the Devils players .
The incident itself was not a surprise .
Given the poor effort late in Game 4 and the 3 - 1 deficit to a Flyers team that barely made the postseason , a few of the players probably wanted to trash the place themselves .
But the source of the flying jam was not in a uniform .
It was a furious Lou Lamoriello who punctuated a tirade at the coaches by grabbing the jar off the postgame spread and hurling it to its sticky end .
The mess was cleaned up before most of the players got out of the nearby locker room , according to several people around the team who did not want to incur the team general manager ’s wrath by talking about it .
The message , however , was obvious to everyone : Lamoriello had built this team with a fourth Stanley Cup championship in mind , not an unthinkable third straight exit in the first round .
Related content :
The results in this series are not merely shocking .
They are unacceptable to the man in charge .
“ This is not easy on anybody , put it that way , ” said goaltender Martin Brodeur , who said he heard about the postgame incident but did not see the damage .
“ We worked really hard to be in the position we were in to start the playoffs , and to see it disappear , it ’s tough on everybody . ”
Lamoriello refused to confirm or deny his moment of anger , falling back on oft - repeated refrain in sports :
“ What happens in the locker room happens there , ” the Devils czar said .
He could hardly be faulted for his disgust .
It is one thing for the Devils to fall behind 3 - 1 in the first round , even against a team that had to qualify for the playoffs on the final day .
It is another entirely to lose the way they did in Game 4 , to see a two - goal deficit in the third period and give up .
Head coach Jacques Lemaire admitted as much today : The Devils , hit with adversity on the road , thought the deficit was too big .
They quit trying .
That has to be the worst thing anyone could say about a Lamoriello team .
He built three Cup winners on defense , discipline and desire , and the Devils showed little of the three in those final minutes .
“ Nobody is feeling sorry for ourselves , ” Lamoriello said .
“ Nobody is looking left or right at each other .
We just have to find a way to get it done . ”
The Devils are a win -now team that is not winning now .
They are 5 - 14 in their last 19 playoff games , and since last winning the Cup in 2003 , have reached the second round just twice .
They have a beautiful new building that rakes in more than $ 1 million each playoff game .
But the franchise that played 73 games in May and June from 1994 to 2003 has just had seven games in May since then , and it does n’t look like they ’ll be turning the calendar this spring , either .
The players fielded questions today about the Devils team that overcame the 3 - 1 deficit to the Flyers in the conference finals 10 years ago , about whether they can repeat that starting Thursday night .
The sad truth is , most of the Devils are only familiar with losing to a lower - seeded team early in the playoffs .
For the young players on this team , that stirring comeback in Philly might as well have happened in the Original Six days .
This is the only postseason they know .
“ I do n’t think you ever look back , ” Lamoriello said .
“ Our focus , it ’s not on where we are or what our situation is .
It ’s on what we can do about it . ”
But what can they do about it ?
Lamoriello thought he had addressed his team ’s biggest deficiency , adding an elite goal - scorer in Ilya Kovalchuk during the season and giving up promising young players to do it .
Kovalchuk added $ 1.5 million in salary to the payroll , and since he is an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season , is almost certainly a one - year rental .
The GM did it with the expectation that this team would be a contender , not the latest first - round flop .
Lamoriello failed to upgrade the team at center and , most glaringly , on defense , areas that have been exposed this series .
He laughed at a question about the window closing on the Brodeur Era — “ How can he be aging ?
He won 45 games ! ” he said — but the backbone of his team is almost 38 .
Maybe the Devils can feed off the fury of their boss and win three straight games , something they have n’t done in 2010 .
Maybe that smashed jelly jar will be the turning point , just like an
.
For now , it ’s just another mess , just like the team itself .
Steve Politi may be reached at spoliti@starledger.com , or follow him at Twitter.com / NJ_StevePoliti
A beautiful , must - have coffee table book from photographer Frannie Adams .
The perfect gift for vagina enthusiasts and aficionados everywhere , Pussy Portraits takes you on a tour of some lovely lady parts , with the models faces being published next to the pic of their privates .
This concept would also make a great card game , where you could earn points for sucessfully matching the face with the corresponding vagina .
link : Pussy Portraits [ Hardcover ] [ 2009 ] ( Author ) Frannie Adams
The people whom you are not too embarrassed to disturb are people you can have a meaningful relationship with .
'' They know where you fit into their social world and you know where they fit into yours , '' Dunbar says .
'' You know them well enough to understand what they might be thinking , rather than simply interpreting their behaviour . ''
It 's often said that you 're a lucky person if you can count the number of good friends you have on one hand .
And Dunbar - the author of How Many Friends Does One Person Need ?
- says the core number of intimate relationships people have is limited to between five and seven .
'' They 're the ones who you 'd go to in times of great crisis or distress , '' he says .
The maximum number of people for whom we can put names to faces - including the weatherman and other celebrities whom you can recognise , but do n't know - is about 1500 , says Dunbar .
But there are differences between men and women , and people can move in and out of the various layers between friends , acquaintances and recognisable strangers .
Dunbar 's ideas are based on research on the social structure of primates .
And while it 's obvious that having a group of close associates is a good way to reduce the chances of being attacked and eaten in the wild , mystery still surrounds the Dunbar Number and the other figures that feature in human communities - everything from the size of football teams , to business structures and the way an army organises itself for battle .
Not all '' friends ' ' are considered equal .
The Dunbar Number consists of layers .
After the intimates , the next layer expands to about 15 people ( including the core five ) .
'' These are people that if they suddenly died tomorrow , you'd be devastated , '' he says .
The next layer grows to about 50 people .
Anthropologists are n't exactly sure how to define this group , except to say that in traditional societies , such as Australian Aborigines , this would have been the average number of people in an overnight camp site .
The reason humans can only have about 150 friends is because the human brain can't cope with the complexity of more , Dunbar says .
However , beyond this number there are two larger layers - of about 500 and 1500 - of other people we know but not well enough to consider them friends .
These are the types of people that plump up our Facebook accounts , says Dunbar .
Why the layers are roughly scaled in multiples of three is unclear , but there is a lot of variation between individuals , he says .
'' Everybody is not stuck with these specific numbers .
These are simply the averages across the population .
Women tend to be better at social things , so they tend to have slightly bigger groupings at each level .
There are differences due to personalities , too .
'' But we do know the average emotional closeness declines between layers . ''
Dunbar 's Number and the layers around it stem from the professor 's research on primates .
Despite the fact that Dunbar spent most of his childhood in East Africa , he had no interest in wildlife or natural history as a boy .
It was a chance encounter with some baboons on a university expedition to Ethiopia years later that sparked his interest in primates .
When trying to explain why monkeys spend so much time grooming , Dunbar had the idea that it could be related to how big their groups were .
It was here that he found a direct relationship between their average group size and the size of their neocortex - a part of the brain of mammals that is responsible for social skills .
Primates ( which includes humans ) have very large brains compared with their body size .
'' This could n't have been an accident , '' Dunbar says .
'' Brains are expensive .
They require a lot of energy , especially if they are big . ''
So there had to be a reason for big brains to justify their energy expense .
For Dunbar , the reason primates developed big brains is to cope with living in groups .
But the exact order of big brains and group living is a bit like the chicken and the egg - it is difficult to tell which one came first .
'' You can't have a big group without a big brain , and there is no point having a big brain if you do n't want to be doing something with it , '' he says .
'' Big groups can't be an accidental byproduct of having a big brain - it must have been driven by the need to have big groups to solve an ecological problem . ''
Dunbar suggests big groups are the result of animals forming pair bonds - or monogamous relationships - for joint parental care .
Once primates got the hang of how to form a pair bond , they could use the same communication skills to form non-reproductive relationships - what we consider friendships .
And it turned out that friendships or platonic partnerships were a great way to reduce your chances of being eaten .
Although it is well established why primates chose to live in groups , why humans developed the same behaviour is less clear , says Dunbar .
Despite this , there is clear evidence that the size of the human neocortex is linked to the average number of friends humans have .
And whatever the reason humans started living in groups , we are now stuck in them .
'' That 's what our brains have developed to handle , '' says Dunbar .
Friendships are not the only evidence of Dunbar 's groupings in modern society .
In the business world , it 's a common rule of thumb that companies with fewer than 150 employees work well when organised on an informal , person - to - person basis .
But once they grow larger , a formal hierarchy is needed to maintain efficiency , Dunbar says .
'' Bill Gore , the founder of GoreTex , one of the most successful of all medium - sized companies , insisted on creating completely separate factory units each with about 150 workers rather than just making his main factory larger when the growth of his business demanded more production - something that I suspect was the key to the success of his empire , '' writes Dunbar in his book .
Louise Young , a marketing professor at the University of Western Sydney , says it is certainly the case that structures within a business have a tipping point .
'' You get past the point where everyone in a given organisation or department can be directly connected to everyone else , '' she said .
Some firms are increasingly aware that there is a natural limit of relationships that people can effectively manage , says Young .
This relationship limit also exists between firms and the number of their clients .
'' Since the 1980s some firms have been aware and actively seek to keep the number of relationships they have down to some minimal level .
'' The rational for this : you can do a better job in business if you have fewer relationships to spend your finite resources on , '' she said .
But the Dunbar Number does n't stop here .
Evidence of human groupings within the smaller layers can also be found .
In sporting teams the number of players generally hovers around 11 to 15 - the second layer of the Dunbar Number .
This group is also described as the ' ' sympathy group ' ' by many psychologists .
'' People in team sports need to be able to work together .
If they do n't have empathy with each other , the team is n't going to do very well , '' Dunbar says .
'' You can always tell when a top level football team has fallen out with each other because they play badly .
When they 're not getting on personally they lose that edge of anticipation . ''
Jonah Oliver , a sports psychologist
in Brisbane who works with AFL , NRL and A - league sporting teams , says psychologists believe there is a limit to how many people humans can interact and maintain direct communication with .
In games like soccer and AFL the team can split into smaller groups .
'' In AFL the backline [ players ] have to get the ball to the midfield [ players ] and the midfield have to get the ball to the frontline .
They work as separate pockets on the field , '' Oliver says .
'' You see very different team dynamics depending on the size of the team . ''
And the more people in a sporting team , the more hierarchical it can become , Oliver says .
Juries , the cabinets of most governments , and even the number of Christ 's disciples in the Bible are also around the same size as sporting teams , says Dunbar .
'' They almost always occur in those numbers because people need to work together , '' he says .
Military structures provide another example of human grouping which fits Dunbar 's theories well .
In the Australian Army the smallest recognised group is the section , which includes eight to 10 people .
The next group is a troop with about 30 personnel , followed by a company with 100 people , and a battalion or regiment with about 600 personnel .
Beyond that exists the brigade and the division with 3000 and 10,000 to 15 , 000 personnel respectively .
According to a Defence spokesman , the hierarchical structure is based on a principle called span of command .
'' This is the number of subordinates
a commander can effectively command , that is , lead and manage , '' the spokesman says .
But despite the endless examples of natural groupings within society , scientists still do n't understand why the human brain can only handle about 150 meaningful relationships - instead of some other arbitrary figure .
This is a question Dunbar hopes to answer in the next few years .
Animal camouflage is not just about chameleons changing their colors in an instant but it ’s also about polar bears being white and not brown like the grizzlies .
In fact , a zebra with its striped covering is a perfect example of a camouflage animal .
In order to understand these cool animals ’ mastery of the art of deception , we should first have an idea why they have this cunning ability [ 1 ]
A major concern of wild animals and other critters is to protect themselves from predators in order to survive and reproduce and pass their genes off to a new generation .
Many animals have evolved adaptations known as antipredator devices such as camouflage and chemical toxins .
Smart animals use camouflage to blend in with their environments in an attempt to be unrecognizable by predators . [ 2 ]
However , there are exceptions : animals which are dangerous to eat ( e.g. wasps ) advertise with warning colouration . [ 3 ]
Did you know that camouflage was not in wide use in early western civilization based warfare as it is now ?
18th and 19th century armies tended to use bright colors and bold , impressive designs .
These were intended to daunt the enemy , attract recruits , foster unit cohesion , or allow easier identification of units .
Now let ’s leave the theory aside and jump to the fun part – here are 20 cool photos of animal camouflage .
Uroplatus Geckos
( Bamboos for gripso_banana_prune )
( Bamboos for bsmith4815 )
( Bamboos for dennis.tang )
( Bamboos for bsmith4815 )
Leaf Mimic Katydids
( Bamboos for Josiah Townsend )
( Bamboos for BoyReale )
( Bamboos for threefingeredlord )
Stick Insect
( Bamboos for S.K. LO )
( Bamboos for S.K. LO )
Ghost Mantis
( Bamboos for Destinys Agent )
Dead - Leaf Mantis
( Bamboos for wikipedia )
( Bamboos for Adri?n Afonso )
Leaf Insects
Leaf insects use camouflage to take on the appearance of a leaf .
They do this so accurately that predators often are n’t able to distinguish them from real leaves .
In some species , the edge of the leaf insect ’s body even has the appearance of bite marks .
To further confuse predators , when the leaf insect walks , it rocks back and forth , to mimic a real leaf being blown by the wind .
We are surrounded by quite amazing nature , are n’t we ?
( Bamboos for Houston Museum of Natural Science )
Soft - Shell Crab
( Bamboos for PacificKlaus )
Sea Dragon
( Bamboos for Feuillu )
Dead - Leaf Butterfly
( Bamboos for leemt2 )
Dead - Leaf Moth
( Bamboos for urtica )
Green Caterpillar
( Bamboos for WohinAuswandern )
Leaf Mimic Insect
( Bamboos for petrichor )
Australian Leaf Insect
( Bamboos for Jean - Michel Bernard )
On December 16 President Obama signed the omnibus appropriations bill .
It included H.R. 3081 , a doubling of foreign aid from pre-Obama times , to 48.764 billion dollars .
By comparison official US foreign aid in 2006 totaled less than 23 billion dollars .
This is all money which the US has to borrow from foreign taxpayers , as the US is 12.1 trillion in debt ( not counting Social Security , Medicare , or prescription drug benefit obligations .
Those are estimated by the head of the Dallas tentacle of the Federal Reserve to put the real total debt over 100 trillion . )
Some people would think that when you ca n’t pay your own debts , borrowing more to give away would be slightly irresponsible .
But those are the kind of bitter people who cling to their guns and religion , and will never amount to anything .
Important people , the kind who win the Nobel Peace Prize in their spare time , know better .
As the Parable of the Dishonest Steward says in Luke 16 , it ’s smart to give ( other people ’s ) money away to outsiders when you fear you may soon lose your position .
And there ’s been lots more Christmas gifts for outsiders in the recent budget besides the " official " foreign aid .
You might think that I ’m about to mention the trillions that have been given to the large money - center banks , insurance companies , investment houses , and other deserving causes .
Nope .
Not gonna bring them up .
We all know that the financial industry ’s dealings with politicians are completely disinterested and pure .
This article is strictly about the money that funds evil foreign tyrants , not our patriotic home - grown variety .
There is a similarity between off - the - books Aid To Dependent Dictators and the bank bailouts , though .
The money for both is simply printed by the Fed and handed to the lucky recipients without any time - wasting linkage to Congress , the budget , or any of that boring stuff .
Ever since the passage of the Monetary Control Act of 1980 , the Fed has simply " monetized " foreign debt when our foreign policy geniuses needed to fund some deadbeat dictator or bail out the bank that lent to him .
Back then a guy named Ron Paul raised the first alarm about the first bailout under the Act .
It was a matter of a critically important hundred million or thereabouts for the past - due debt of the Sudan .
Without that early funding , how could the central government of the Sudan have become strong enough to oversee the genocides in Darfur ?
Just in case grants and direct US bank loans are n’t enough , dictators and oligarchs also have large international credit facilities through the World Bank and IMF .
The World Bank lent out a little less than 50 billion last year , much of it to governments which the Bank says " have little access to credit markets " ( that ’s because they do n’t pay anyone back ) .
This money does n’t appear on government budgets .
Where does the money come from ?
The World Bank borrows it , of course .
The IMF has also begun to borrow heavily .
The LA times reported in 2008 that " In just the last four years , the IMF ’s total loan portfolio has shrunk from $ 105 billion to less than $ 10 billion ; over half of the current portfolio consists of loans to Turkey and Pakistan . "
But China and Russia have committed to buying tens of billions of IMF bonds , financing a whole new round of loans to governments .
War : The Health of The ( Puppet ) State
Arguably even more expensive than the direct monetary subsidies to dictators and " elected " kleptocrats like Karzai have been our military commitments to prop them up .
The wildly spinning counter at costofwar.com says that the Iraq and Afghan occupations have cost about 946 billion as I write this .
Costofwar.com tracks just the direct appropriations , using Congressional Research Office figures .
Economist Joseph Stiglitz attempts to count the cost of propping up the Sunni tribal leaders and Kabul warlords more accurately , including such expenses as disabled veteran ’s long - term care , the higher oil prices ( remember , oil was $ 25 a barrel before 2003 ) , etc .
His book last year was titled " The Three Trillion Dollar War . "
Unfortunately for Stiglitz , the book came out before Obama escalated the Afghan war with $ 30 billion + worth of new troops and " contractors , " expanded our use of robot assassins into Pakistan and Yemen , etc .
It is near - certain that three trillion will turn out to be an underestimate .
Past US foreign aid has gone to Idi Amin , Julius Nyerere , Joseph Stalin , Fidel Castro , and Pol Pot ( even after Pol Pot killed 25 % of Cambodia ’s population ) .
We also gave money to North Vietnam , helped fund the Taliban government of Afghanistan , gave nuclear reactors to North Korea , and back in the day helped the Pakistani spy agency ISI build up a real gung - ho guy named Osama Bin Laden .
And of course it was also the ISI which made the Taliban powerful enough to take Afghanistan in the first place .
Of course the excuse is that things would be worse without our help .
Frankly I ’m not buying it .
Worse than Pol Pot ?
Just exactly how could anyone be worse than Pol Pot ?
Any worse and there would n’t be anyone left to do the killing .
I do n’t think anyone thinks that the Taliban or Kim Il were worthy causes either .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
US foreign aid policy since 1945 has been based on the idea that dictators just need a few bucks till payday , and then they ’ll straighten out , give up genocide , etc .
But just like your brother - in - law that keeps skipping his AA meetings , all this money really does is let the dictators keep their genocide habit going .
If their money comes from the US , why bother with the messy annoyances of having to allow a domestic middle class , trade , freedom , etc . ?
Much easier to just live off the aid checks and shoot anyone who mouths off .
Even in the early days , when some of the foreign aid was going to less - genocidal governments under the Marshall Plan , it still did n’t work .
Most of the Marshall Plan money went to England and France , built up their bureaucracies , and left them way behind Germany and Japan .
Contrary to myth , Germany actually got less than no aid ( their reparation payments were bigger than their Marshall plan share ) .
Foreign aid does n’t help our security ( unless you think the North Korean and Pakistani nuclear bombs are going to help us ) .
It does n’t help foreigners ’ security either .
In many cases all we have done is supply both sides of conflicts with larger weapons .
What sense does it make for us to buy expensive armaments for both Egypt and Israel , for both Pakistan and India ?
Foreign aid does n’t help economic development ; every rich nation on Earth has built itself up by work and trade , not by aid programs .
Foreign aid certainly does n’t help the American economy .
Practically no American voter likes foreign aid , or borrowing the money to pay for it .
( Thoughtful foreigners like our support for their oppressors even less ) .
Yet it is the fastest - growing budget item .
How Can We End Foreign Aid ?
Publicize it , here and abroad ( those Chinese taxpayers need to know about the $ 800 billion their fearless leaders have donated to fund the US government ) .
Libertarian think tanks need to track foreign aid , both official and off - the - books .
We need to add all the pieces of the aid puzzle together .
As Dirksen would have said today : " A trillion here , a trillion there , and pretty soon you ’re talking about real money . "
The Dishonest Steward counts on Americans being too lazy to check the books .
Our job is to make the bottom line figures on the many programs that make up " Aid To Dependent Dictators " easy to find .
When enough Americans know how many trillions have been stolen from them over the decades since 1945 , the Dishonest Steward may indeed have to find a new job .
The Best of Bill Walker
Danny Kelly was referring to an item on a social networking website
The BBC has apologised after a radio presenter said the Queen had died .
Danny Kelly who works for BBC WM in the West Midlands , played the national anthem as he made the joke during his Birmingham - based afternoon show .
A BBC spokesman said it had been a reference to an item on one of his internet pages .
Mr Kelly will not present his show for the remainder of the week and a formal apology was made at the start of Tuesday 's show at 1400 BST .
A BBC spokesman said presenter Mollie Green would take over the afternoon show until next Tuesday .
The apology on BBC WM at the start of the programme said : " Yesterday afternoon Danny Kelly made an inappropriate remark about the Queen during his radio show here on BBC WM .
" The BBC apologises unreservedly for it .
" BBC WM takes these comments very seriously and due action has been taken . "
Earlier , a spokesman said the comment had been made during a " light - hearted piece about social media friends " and that it had been corrected on - air immediately after it was made .
The Catholic Church has been plunged into a renewed crisis over how it has dealt with child abuse after it emerged that the Pope 's brother , Georg Ratzinger , ran a renowned choir at the centre of some of the latest claims .
Reports of systematic historical abuse by clergy have surfaced at three schools in the Regensburg diocese in Bavaria .
One of them is the much - heralded Regensburger Domspatzen , a thousand - year - old male choir and boarding school , whose choral master for 30 years was the Pope 's older brother , Georg .
Monsignor Ratzinger has agreed to testify in any eventual prosecutions – but says that he knew of no abuse .
And last night the German Justice Minister , Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger , joined a growing chorus of politicians in Berlin to criticise the church over its attitude to the investigation , accusing Catholic institutions of a policy of secrecy .
" In many schools there was a wall of silence allowing for abuse and violence , " said Ms Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger , a prominent critic of the church .
She pointed to a Vatican directive from 2001 which required that even the most damaging allegations should be first investigated internally and then reported to the authorities .
A church spokesman called her criticisms " absurd " .
A separate sex scandal has also enveloped the Catholic Church in the Netherlands after three people said they were abused at a boarding school run by priests in the 1960s .
Since the allegations were published on Friday more than 200 people have come forward to a designated helpline claiming that they were also abused by monks and priests .
The new allegations are a source of major embarrassment to the Vatican , which had been hoping to draw a line under child abuse .
Over the past decade the issue has enormously damaged the church 's reputation and finances .
The allegations in Germany first surfaced last month when investigators began looking into a series of Jesuit schools , but the scandal broadened out over the weekend into the heart of deeply Catholic Bavaria .
The allegations coming out of the Regensburg diocese are particularly awkward because the Pope and his brother spent much of their careers in senior positions there , which will inevitably raise questions as to whether they ever encountered or heard about clergy who sexually abused minors .
Throughout the 1970s Joseph Ratzinger taught theology at the University of Regensburg .
His older brother Georg took over the Regensburger Domspatzen in 1964 and , over the next 30 years , helped turn the male - only choir into one of the best in the world .
But he says that he never heard of any abuse in his time with the choir .
Asked by the Italian newspaper La Repubblica whether he would talk to German officials , the 86 - year - old Mgr Ratzinger replied : " Obviously I 'd be ready to do so , but I am not able to provide any information on any deed that could be punished , because I do n't have any – I never knew anything about it . "
Any abuse at the Regensburger Domspatzen , he said , occurred before he took over .
He did admit that pupils at the school were subjected to a climate of " discipline and rigour " but added that this was necessary in order to reach " a high musical , artistic level " .
But Franz Wittenbrink , a German composer who lived at the school until 1967 , described the school as being run by " a sophisticated system of sadistic punishments in connection with sexual lust " .
He was also quoted by Der Spiegel as saying that it was " inexplicable " that the Pope 's brother knew nothing of what was happening .
The new sex scandals have emerged just weeks after Pope Benedict XVI gave Ireland 's bishops a public dressing down for failing to deal with child abuse which he described as a " heinous crime " .
He also called on Catholic bishops to tackle allegations with " honesty and courage " .
But , while the Vatican has given its backing to a full investigation of the allegations , the Pope has so far remained personally silent on the matter .
We Are Church , a prominent Christian support network for abuse victims , has now called on the Pope publicly to declare whether he knew of any abuse allegations when he was a bishop .
" He must answer the question about what he knew and what he did about it , " said Christian Weisner , the group 's German spokesperson .
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Google , Inc. has purchased internet VoIP company Global IP Solutions for a cool $ 68.2 million ; a 27.5 % premium over the company ’s current stock price .
While Global IP may not be a household name , you might be familiar with what they provide and to whom they provide it : the back - end VoIP engine used by the Yahoo ! , AIM , WebEx , Baidu , and Lotus chat systems .
Google continues to bolster its portfolio of acquired companies that supplement its Google Voice and Google Talk services — you may recall Google purchasing internet chat / VoIP company Gizmo5 several months ago — but we have yet to see any drastic feature changes / additions in said services .
The future looks bright for Google Voice and Talk … although we do wonder about the VoIP fate of Yahoo !
et. al now that Google owns their voice over IP engine .
Read
By Melissa Jameson
I ’ve always been interested in labor feminism in particular , and the wider socialist - feminist tradition .
Lately , I ’ve been wanting to reconnect with our Anarchist Syndicalist roots .
The spirit of the older labor feminist movement was mostly reformist .
It …
There ’s been a controversy in the Australian education system lately .
A bit of reposting :
Australian law mandates that students receive one hour of religious training per week .
The Christians who run these services get tens of millions of dollars per year to make this happen .
If you do n’t attend these classes , you can just sit around and do nothing .
One alternative that is being tested in a few schools is a ( secular ) ethics course .
Churches and religious leaders are actually opposed to this type of ethics training .
And no wonder .
In the ten schools where an ethics class is having a trial run , check out what ’s happening :
The controversial trial of secular ethics classes has ” decimated ” Protestant scripture classes in the 10 NSW schools where it has been introduced as an alternative for non-religious children , with the classes losing about 47 per cent of enrolled students .
The figure was calculated by the Sydney Anglican diocese , which is so concerned about the trial that it has created a fund - raising website to ” protect SRE ” ( special religious education ) .
Wow .
That ’s incredible .
Of course , the churches are fighting back and trying to get rid of the ethics classes .
They say that time is reserved for “ Judeo - Christian ethics ” only and the secular ethics courses are undermining their special religious time .
The Atheist Foundation of Australia ’s president , David Nicholls , explains why ( secular ) ethics classes need to stay put :
“ Secular ethics classes are not undermining religious classes : rather , parents are just voting with their feet , ” Nicholls said .
“ If religious classes are not being presented in a way that feels relevant to today ’s families , it ’s important that they have another option . ”
“ Allowing ethics classes is about maximising choice for families .
It is a shame that the Sydney Anglicans would strip families of this choice , ” Nicholls added .
It ’s unbelievable that churches think a secular ethics class would be bad for anyone .
It just shows that they ca n’t win on their arguments alone .
You do n’t need a god to be good .
They know that .
And that ’s why they ’re afraid .
( Thanks to Emma for the link )
Celebrating the Art of Cinematography by zach best
It 's Always Sunny on the " Lost " Island
It 's Always Sunny on the " Lost " Island by zach best
For all of you who love both The Wire and Goodfellas , this one ’s for you …
, saw the promotional video for a new missile system called Club - K , he must have known it was special .
A Russian company called Morinformsistema - Agat is marketing a cruise missile that can hide inside and launch from inside a shipping container .
The six - minute video depicts an invasion from a neighboring country , and the afflicted nation hiding the missile in a port setting , inside an innocuous grey shipping container .
The container 's top flips open , the missile extends vertically and launches .
In the video ( embedded below ) , music blares — what sounds like the soundtrack to the Disney movie Pirates of the Caribbean — as the Club - K 's four missiles careen into the sky .
The missiles take separate paths , aimed at warships , a concentration of tanks and an airfield .
How could such a weapon be used ?
For starters , it could make any container ship a clandestine missile boat , able to severely damage an aircraft carrier or escort .
It could also be smuggled into a nation and shot from inside that nation 's missile defense system .
Loaded on trains , they become hidden missile launch sites .
Such a system could counter many U.S. advantages , including satellite and UAV reconnaissance imagery and the ability to use ships as a base to support land operations .
Remember the less - than - perfect mobile missile Scud huts of the first Gulf War ?
Imagine if they could hide in nondescript boxes .
Close - to - shore terrorism threats also become a little more real , although the chance that a non-state actor would get their hands on one and ship it to the United States seems remote , mainly due to the price and the ability of the United States to track down the culprits via Russia .
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
The U.S. has its own proposed missile - system - in - a - box plans , but the Army is poised to cancel the project , which was part of the now - defunct Future Combat Systems program .
The Navy can't be happy about the prospect , since it was going to use a version of the system on its upcoming Littoral Combat Ship program .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Rants on the daily grind of building software .
: : : : : : : : : :
Am I the only one who keeps thinking Red Adair would know how to help ?
I do n’t know if he would , but the gulf oil spill is huge enough and menacing enough to wish for a hero who just takes over and gets the situation under control like in the movies .
Red Adair was one of the American Heroes we over here in Europe admired so much when I was a teenager .
Quite a while ago .
The situation is indeed desperate .
BP is celebrating the fact that they now syphon off 1’000 barrels a day from the leak , which spills at least 5’000 if not 26’000 per day .
If that does n’t make you wish for a hero , knight in shining armour , what would ?
So what are the options ?
For some days there is chatter out there , that BP is not considering the option of closing the leak by a controlled explosion , because it would finally seal the oilfield and thus their profits .
This makes for good copy , bad corporations and all that , but I am more inclined to think all involved are at a complete loss for what to do .
I doubt there is someone out there who knows how to controlledly blow up an oil well in a deep sea level environment .
Suggestions run from nuking the well , to a controlled explosion using plastic explosives .
President Obama has involved the Pentagon right at the beginning of the catastrophy in April , and while this was initially to enlist the navy for oil spill containment , it would be naive to think , in a situation as desperate as this , they are not considering their options to stop the spill either .
They have a huge arsenal of explosives from conventional to nuclear .
I seriously doubt BP would get a say in whether the well was sealed by any explosion if this was really considered a viable way to do it .
The sad truth is : Nobody knows what to do really .
Offshore drilling in such depths is a risk mankind took but has never assessed properly before the drilling started .
( Like so many things we do . )
Now we are out of our depth to find a solution to a self made problem .
So .
Where ’s Red ?
Red ’s dead and heroes like the one we ’d need now , really only exist in movies and books .
While I was writing this another 850 barrels ( medium estimate ) of oil have spilled from the leak .
This is an open thread .
Feel free to somment on this or anything else that ’s on your mind .
Shuttle Discovery has launched at the first attempt , as STS - 131 moves into Flight Day 1 .
Discovery enjoyed a smooth countdown – bar a slight issue with Fuel Cell 2 – prior to launching at 6:21 am local time from the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) .
Meanwhile , ET - 135 is the first tank to fly with new proceedures in place , following the intertank foam liberation events that have been observed since STS - 127 .
STS - 131 Status :
For this mission , Discovery used ET - 135 , SRB ( Solid Rocket Booster ) BI - 142 , RSMR ( Reusable Solid Rocket Motor ) set 110 , and SSMEs ( Space Shuttle Main Engines ) 2045 , 2060 , and 2054 in positions one , two , and three , respectively .
The Orbiter will once again use OI ( Operation Increment ) software 34 and carry no ballast material in her ballast boxes .
In all , Discovery launched with 22,760 lbs of OMS ( Orbital Maneuvering System ) propellant , 4,970 lbs of Aft RCS ( Reaction Control System ) propellant , and 1,912 lbs of Forward RCS propellant .
Moreover , in addition to the MPLM Leonardo and LMC ( Lightweight MPESS Carrier ) payloads , Discovery will also carry a new GLACIER unit , MERLIN , STL , AEM 1&2 , and four “ payloads of opportunity ” with her on STS - 131 .
Furthermore , Discovery could perform a maximum of four ( 4 ) Detailed / Dedicated Test Objectives ( DTOs ) during STS - 131 .
These DTOs include the re-flight of the TriDAR rendezvous test ( DTO 701A ) , a landing crosswinds performance demonstration ( DTO 805 ) which would only be performed if wind conditions are acceptable at Discovery ’s landing site , the second 0.35 - inch protuberance flight of the Boundary Layer DTO ( DTO 854 ) , and a Reusable SRB DTO ( DTO 900 ) .
STS - 131 Specific Articles : http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/tag/sts-131/
No serious issues were reported during the count , aided by acceptable weather conditions for the majority of the countdown .
Refer to live update pages for up - to - the - second news , with summaries of the pad flow added below .
Countdown : Fuel Cell 2 spike recorded and was evaluated at the pad .
Appeared to be similar to event noted during STS - 129 countdown – related to current in cockpit lighting .
Teams met again at 11 pm local to discuss the issue and decided to monitor it during the count .
No further issues were reported with the Fuel Cell .
Tanking began once the pad cleared , at the later - than - scheduled time of 9:28 pm local .
ECO sensor checks via SIM commands all showing nominal voltages .
The tank went into topping with no leak detectors tripped on the GUCP ( Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate ) , marking an issue free loading of the ET .
New article will follow later on Monday reviewing early ascent data and orbiter status – which currently includes a failure of the Ku band antenna – at the end of Flight Day 1 .
Late Items of Interest :
Should Discovery suffer from a 24 hour scrub on Monday , Tuesday ’s launch will be without the TAL ( Transoceanic Abort Landing ) site at Zaragoza in Spain , due to a visit by King Juan Carlos – resulting in the Air Base having its air space closed down for security reasons .
TAL sites are referred to as augmented sites because they are equipped with shuttle - unique landing aids and are staffed with NASA , contractor and Department of Defense personnel during every launch .
Shuttle assets – such as two C - 130 aircraft , used for search and rescue in the event of the crew bailing out on approach to the TAL site – have been moved to the near - by commercial facility .
“ Zaragoza is RED as a TAL site on Tuesday 4/6 .
The King of Spain is going to be on base and the air space is closed .
We met with Base Command and it is non-negotiable .
We were able to salvage the mode VIII search and rescue capability by moving the two C - 130 ’s to the commercial runway if we were to slip into Tuesday , ” noted a Landing Support memo ( L2 ) .
“ The ceremony is taking place within yards of our hangar and if we launch on Monday we are adjusting our pack and stow schedule to accommodate the restricted movement requirements . ”
While all three sites are available on Monday , Moron Air Base , also in Spain , and Istres in France remain available for Discovery on Tuesday in the highly unlikely event they would be required .
The availability of a TAL site is a strict rule in the Launch Commit Criteria for a shuttle launch .
The key L - 2 Mission Management Team ( MMT ) meeting was mainly uneventful , thanks in part to a smooth Agency - level Flight Readiness Review ( FRR ) – aided by a complete review of the main items of interest at a preceding Special Program Requirements Control Board ( PRCB ) meeting .
With the regulators performing well during the late part of the countdown – aiding confidence the system is suffering from no ill - effects relating to the failed “ open ” Helium Isolation Valve on the Right Reaction Control System ( RRCS ) – only one FRR topic has required further work at the pad during S0007 launch countdown operations .
That one “ non-standard ” item of work required engineers to double check the torque settings on the ceramic inserts that surround the windows on Discovery , an item of interest since one of the inserts was observed as protruding on Endeavour during STS - 130 .
While that insert remained in place during re-entry and landing , fleet - wide checks were required , due to the potential threat a liberating insert could hold enough energy to damage an OMS Pod on impact during launch and landing .
Incidentally , this became a flight rationale topic at the Agency FRR because of the similar inserts that are located along the Payload Bay hinge line , which could not be inspected on Discovery due to a lack of access at the Pad .
Thanks to no issues being found on Discovery ’s two sisters – Endeavour and Atlantis – confidence in the inserts allowed for managers to approve flight rationale for STS - 131 .
ET Intertank Foam :
STS - 131 may be the first mission for a while to avoid similar foam losses observed on the intertank region of the tank , thanks to a change of procedures at the Michoud Assembly Facility ( MAF ) .
While none of the liberations have been a threat to the orbiter ’s Thermal Protection System ( TPS ) , all foam loss events are undesirable – if not wholly unavoidable – early during flight .
“ Background : STS - 127 experienced significant foam loss across the Intertank .
Investigation initiated a review of tank processing history and possible causes , ” noted Flight Readiness Review documentation on L2 – 60 FRR presentations available for STS - 131 .
“ Review identified contamination prior to foam application as the probable cause .
Plug pulls were implemented as a process check to ensure no gross contamination issues prior to STS - 128 . ”
Those plug pulls concentrated on the top side of the intertank , facing directly below the orbiter ’s TPS , known otherwise as the +Z side .
Imagery from STS - 128 showed no foam losses of note from that side of the intertank , although no imagery was available for the backside – known as the - Z side – of the intertank .
“ STS - 128 had no foam losses from +Z side of Intertank .
Crew Hand
Held imagery was not available for - Z side of Intertank SRB video at separation provided limited views but no observed - Z losses .
Plug pulls were continued as a process check for STS - 129 , ” added the presentation .
And it was the - Z side that was the area of foam loss for STS - 129 , resulting in plug pull tests becoming desirable for all around the tank , although access becomes difficult once the shuttle is out at the pad .
“ STS - 129 had eight foam losses from - Z area with unknown times of release .
Good Umbilical imagery showed no +Z Intertank foam losses .
Additional plug pulls were added prior to STS - 130 to sample platform access areas in addition to the high risk areas . ”
STS - 130 may be the final tank to have suffered from this run of intertank liberations – although in less frequency than previous flights – as new procedures at MAF had started on the following tank .
“ STS - 130 experienced two +Z Intertank foam losses .
Currently tracking 21 observations of missing TPS on STS - 130 / ET - 134 Intertank 2 Areas on +Z were determined to be adhesive failures similar to STS - 127 / ET - 131 losses
One occurred during ASTT ( +Z losses observed at 119 sec and 485 sec MET ) , ” noted STS - 130 ’s findings .
Those new procedures at MAF included changing platform access for engineers tasked with cleaning the structure prior to the application of adhesive and foam to the intertank .
Previously , some areas of the intertank were obstructed by the platforms , meaning they were n’t fully cleaned of dust contamination , which had built up on the already manufactured structure during the Return To Flight stand down .
With the new procedures in effect for ET - 135 onwards , the Space Shuttle Program ( SSP ) will continue to request plug pulls , whilst keeping an eye on the size of any subsequent releases to ensure they fall well within their risk parameters .
“ Intertank debris has improved significantly since STS - 127 , but flight history suggests random debris losses from this area will remain a SSP risk .
ET process controls such as certification of cleaning processes , personnel , and spray processes provide confidence in overall TPS foam application and integrity , ” noted the Systems Engineering and Integration Office ( SE&I ) STS - 131 FRR presentation .
“ Plug pulls provide confidence that a wide - spread process / contamination issue does not exist and provide additional assurance that weak bond issues do not exist in the high risk areas ( critical debris zones ) .
This rationale recognizes that plug pull tests are not controls and do not prevent foam loss but it does increase confidence in tested areas .
“ Additional Plug Pulls done for STS - 131/ ET - 135 in work platform areas where most losses have occurred .
ET - 135 is the last tank using platform cleaning .
Imagery demonstrates that debris can liberate as a single piece , however flight evidence and testing show debris is likely to breakup into smaller pieces .
“ Smaller foam pieces decrease the likelihood for critical damage to RCC ( Reinforced Carbon Carbon ) .
Breakup increases tile impact risk but smaller pieces decrease the potential for critical damage . ”
The lessons learned since the largest intertank foam loss events of STS - 127 have provided managers and engineers with a large amount of understanding of the characteristics involved with the liberations .
No similar foam losses after ET - 135 ’s ride into orbit will likely prove the mitigation process from the MAF change of procedures will have put the issue to bed .
Regardless , flight rationale is not a problem for SSP , providing plug pull tests continue to show good integrity between the foam and the structure , and no increase in liberations – or more so the mass of the liberations – are observed .
“ STS - 131 Risk is acceptable based on Qualitative Assessment and confidence gained by bond adhesion test performed in critical zone , ” noted the FRR flight rationale for ET - 135 .
Mr Sabat 's execution had been scheduled for Friday , his lawyer said A Lebanese man sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia for sorcery has been given a temporary reprieve , his lawyer says .
Ali Sabat 's execution was scheduled for Friday but his lawyer , May el - Khansa , told the BBC she had been assured by a Lebanese minister it would not happen .
Mr Sabat , who is in his 40s , was the host of a satellite TV programme in which he predicted the future .
He was arrested by religious police while on pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in 2008 and convicted of sorcery .
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri had been urged to intervene on his behalf .
" The minister of justice for Lebanon called me and told me that nothing would happen [ on Friday ] , " Ms Khansa told the BBC .
" But after that I do n't have an answer as to if he will be alive or not .
" Time is passing and if they do n't kill him this Friday maybe next Friday , " Ms Khansa told the World Today programme .
There has been no official confirmation from Saudi Arabia , where executions are often carried out with little warning .
' Witch hunt ' Amnesty International said Mr Sabat seemed to have been convicted for " exercising of his right to freedom of expression " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Malcolm Smart , head of Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa programme , said it was " high time the Saudi Arabian government joined the international trend towards a worldwide moratorium on executions " .
Ms Khansa says her client did make a confession but he only did so because he had been told he could go back to Lebanon if he did .
Human rights groups have accused the Saudis of " sanctioning a literal witch hunt by the religious police " .
An Egyptian working as a pharmacist in Saudi Arabia was executed in 2007 after having been found guilty of using sorcery to try to separate a married couple .
There is no legal definition of witchcraft in Saudi Arabia , but horoscopes and fortune telling are condemned as un-Islamic .
Nevertheless , there is still a big thirst for such services in a country where widespread superstition survives under the surface of strict religious orthodoxy , the BBC's Sebastian Usher says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A professional poker player in Melbourne , Australia would have had a shock of his life when he found out that valets at the casino he was playing at gave away his Ferrari to total strangers .
The car , a red Ferrari F430 Spider , was found hours later at a fuel station with a man by the name of Adam Ramsay behind the wheel .
Ramsay , who had been drinking at the casino and had locked his keys in his own car , allegedly walked up to the valet at the casino , claiming he was the owner of the Ferrari .
All he had to do was fill out a form , pay a $ 30 fee and drive off .
Casino patrons are given a ticket when they drop off their car but if they lose it they have to show ID ( typically a driver 's license ) to pick up their car , as had Ramsay , which means that he was always going to be caught .
We ’re sure that offers no solace for the car ’s actual owner , Van Marcus , who claimed that it had been “ thrashed ” and did n’t feel the same .
Adam Ramsay has since been charged and will have to face court .
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook , Twitter , and Google +.
John McCain is running a campaign ad in Arizona , saying that Arizona should “ Complete the Danged Fence ” and increase border security :
But McCain himself voted against the fence , and voted against increasing funding for border security several times .
Did he just forget ?
Have n't you always wanted a fire - breathing jet engine to power your car / motorcycle / Vespa /skateboard ?
Of course .
Here 's a handy , step - by - step guide .
Have fun , and do n't burn the house down !
— Ed .
Advertisement
You do n't have to be Jay Leno to own a jet powered motorcycle — we 'll show you how to make your own jet engine to power your own wacky vehicles .
This is an ongoing project , and plenty of additional info will be available on our website soon .
The full build will be available at Bad Brothers Racing ; additional info can also be found at Gary 's Jet Journal .
Warning !
Building your own jet engine can be dangerous .
We suggest that you take all appropriate safety precautions when dealing with machinery and use extreme care while operating jet engines .
Due to explosive fuels and dangerous moving parts , serious injury or death can occur while operating a jet turbine in close quarters .
Extreme amounts of potential and kinetic energy are stored in operating engines .
Always use caution and good judgment while operating engines and machinery and wear appropriate eye and hearing protection .
Neither Bad Brothers Racing or Gary 's Jet Journal accept any liability for your use or misuse of the information contained herein .
Advertisement
Step 1 : Come Up With a Basic Design
I started the build process of my engine with a design in the CAD program Solid Works .
I find it much easier to work this way , and creating parts using CNC machining processes turns out a much nicer end result .
The main thing I like about using the 3D process is the ability to see how the parts will fit together before fabrication , so that I can make changes before spending hours on a part .
This step is really not neccesary , as anyone with decent drawing skills can sketch out the design on the back of an envelope rather quickly .
When trying to fit the entire engine into my final project — a jet bike — it will certainly help .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That said , not everyone has the experience or background necessary to use computer - aided design tools .
If you are attempting to build a jet engine or turbine - based project and do n't know where to start , user groups like Yahoo Groups are the best place to begin .
The years of combined experience available there will prove invaluable , and the contributors to those groups can help you get what you need .
( For reference , I 'm a regular on the Yahoo Groups DIY Gas Turbines forum . )
Advertisement
Step 2 : Get Yourself a Used Car Turbocharger and Hide Away in Your Garage
Use care when selecting your turbocharger !
You need a large turbo with a single ( non-divided ) turbine inlet .
The bigger the turbo , the more thrust your finished engine will produce .
I like the turbos found on large diesel engines and earth - moving equipment .
One of these units will yield enough thrust output to move most small vehicles — small motorcycles , go karts , etc. — pretty well .
If possible , buy a rebuilt unit to maximize efficiency .
Ebay is the way to go here .
Advertisement
Generally speaking , it 's not so much the size of the turbo as it is the size of the inducer that matters .
The inducer is the visible area of compressor blades that can be seen when looking at the turbo's compressor with its covers ( housings ) on .
The turbo you see here , a Cummins ST - 50 taken off an eighteen - wheel truck , is quite large — almost 5 inches in diameter — while the visible blades of the inducer are only 3 inches in diameter .
This will easily create enough thrust to drive a small bike or kart .
Advertisement
Step 3 : Determine the Size of Combustion Chamber You Need
It 's time for the basics :
Here 's a quick summary of how jet engines work , and how to determine the size of combustion chamber — the power - producing bit — that your engine will need .
Advertisement
The combustion chamber allows compressed air coming from the turbo's compressor — the fan - shaped part inside the turbo — to be mixed with fuel and burned .
The hot gases then escape through the rear of the combustion chamber and spin the turbine shaft which then powers the compressor attached to the other end to bring in more air and keep the process going .
Additional energy left in the hot gases as they pass the turbine creates thrust .
It sounds simple , but it 's actually a bit complicated to build and get right .
The combustion chamber is made from a large piece of tubular steel with caps on both ends .
Inside of this chamber is a flametube .
This flametube is little more than a small piece of tubing , drilled full of holes , that runs the length of the combustion chamber .
The holes allow the compressed air to pass through in predetermined ratios .
This serves three purposes : 1 ) Mixing air and fuel for combustion , which also begins here ;
2 ) Providing air for the completion of combustion ; and 3 ) supplying cooling air to lower the charge temperature before the airstream comes into contact with the turbine blades .
Advertisement
To calculate the flametube dimensions , you double the diameter of the your turbocharger 's inducer .
This will give you the diameter of the flametube .
Multiply the diameter of the inducer of the turbo by six to find the length of the flametube .
( Again , the inducer is the compressor - blade area that can be seen from the front of the turbo with the housings on .
While a compressor wheel in a turbo may be 5 or 6 inches in diameter , the inducer will be considerably smaller . )
The inducer of the turbos I like to use ( ST - 50 and VT - 50 models ) is 3 inches in diameter , so the flame tube dimensions would be 6 inches in diameter by eighteen inches in length .
This is a recommended starting point ; it can be fudged a little .
I wanted a slightly smaller combustion chamber , so I decided to use a 5 - inch diameter flametube with a 10 - inch length .
I chose the 5 - inch diameter primarily because the tubing is easy to acquire — it 's the same size as readily available diesel - truck exhaust pipe .
The 10 - inch length was chosen because my engine will eventually end up in the small frame of a motorcycle .
Advertisement
With the size of the flame tube calculated , you can find the size of the combustion chamber .
Since the flametube will fit inside the combustion chamber , the chamber housing will have to be a larger diameter .
A recomended starting point is to have a minimum 1 inch space around the flametube ; the length should be the same as the flametube .
I chose an 8 - inch diameter chamber housing because it fits the need for the airspace and it is a commonly available size in steel tubing .
With the 5 - inch diameter flametube , I will have a 1.5 inch gap between the flametube and the combustion - chamber housing .
Try to use steel tubing instead of pipe when possible .
Now that you have your engine 's rough dimensions , you can put it together with the caps on the ends and the fuel injectors .
All of these parts combine to form the complete combustion chamber .
Advertisement
Step 4 : Assembling the Combustion Chamber : Preparing the End Rings
The combustion chamber is a simple bolt - together piece .
I use a method of constructing rings that will not only provide a surface to which the end caps can be bolted , but that also centers the flametube in the chamber .
Advertisement
The rings are fabricated to an outside diameter of 8 inches with an inside diameter of 5 and 1/32 inches .
The extra space provided by the 1/32 inch will make inserting the flametube easier when construction is complete , and will serve as a buffer to allow for some expansion of the flametube as it gets hot .
The rings are made from 1 /4 - inch plate steel .
I had mine laser cut from 3 - D drawings I created in solid works .
I find going this route much easier that trying to machine the parts .
You can use a milling machine , water jet , or hand tools to make the rings .
Any method which gives acceptable results will work .
The 1/4 - inch thickness will allow for the rings to be welded on with less chance of warpage , and will provide a stable mounting base for the end caps .
It will also allow for the flametube to be constructed 3/16ths of an inch shorter than the overall combustion chamber length and allow for heat expansion in the axial plane .
Advertisement
Twelve bolt holes should be drilled around the ring in a circular pattern for the mounting of the end caps .
By welding nuts on the back of these holes , bolts can be threaded right in .
This is a requirement since the back side of the rings will be inaccessible for holding nuts with a wrench once mounted on the combustor .
You could still replace a nut inside of the combustor if one were to strip out , making this a better method than tapping the holes in the rings for threads .
Three tack welds placed on every other flat of the each nut should hold them tight enough to keep them in place .
Advertisement
Step 5 : Assembling the Combustion Chamber : Welding on the End Rings
Now that the end rings are ready , they can be welded onto the combustor housing .
The housing must first be cut to the proper length and have the ends squared up so that everything will align properly .
Advertisement
Start by taking a large sheet of posterboard and wrapping it around the steel tube so that the ends are squared with each other and the posterboard is pulled tight .
It should make a cylinder shape around the tube , and the ends of the posterboard will be nice and square .
Slide the posterboard to one end of the tube so that the edge of the tube and posterboard cylinder ends are almost touching , making sure there is enough room to make a mark around the tube so you can grind down the metal flush with the mark .
This will square one end of the tube .
Most metal suppliers cut the tubing with a bandsaw , and the margin of error for their cuts is plus or minus 1/16th inch .
If not corrected , this could make for a less - than - perfect cut and a wobbly end .
Next , measure from the squared - up end toward the other for the length you want the combustion chamber and flame tube to be .
Since the end rings that will be welded on are 1 / 4 inch each , be sure to subtract 1/2 inch from your measurement first .
( Since my combustor will be 10 inches in length , my measurement will be taken at 9.5 inches . )
Scribe the tube using the posterboard to create a nice , even marking .
Advertisement
I find that using a cut - off wheel in an angle grinder does the job of cutting through the 1/8th - inch tubing very nicely .
Make nice , even strokes with the wheel and rotate the tube as you go , cutting a little deeper with each pass .
Do n't worry about making the cut perfect — it 's best to leave a little excess material and clean it up later .
I like to use flap discs in the angle grinder for the final cleanup .
Once the cut is made and cleaned up , use the flap disc to bevel the outside edges of both ends of the tubing to get good weld penetration .
The tube is then ready for welding .
Advertisement
Using magnetic welding clamps , center the end rings on the ends of the tubing and make sure they are flush with the tube .
Tack weld the rings in place and allow to cool .
Once the tacks are set , use stitch welds of roughly 1 inch in length to close the weld bead around the rings .
Make a stich weld , then alternate to the other side and do the same .
Use a fashion similar to tightening the lug nuts on a car .
Go slowly so as not to overheat the metal and warp the rings .
Advertisement
Step 6 : Making the End Caps
With the main combustor housing complete , you will need two end caps for the combustor assembly .
One end cap will be for the fuel injector side , and the other will route the hot exhaust gases to the turbine .
Advertisement
Fabricate two plates with the same diameter of your combustion chamber , in our case , this measurement is 8 inches .
Place 12 bolt holes around the perimeter to align with the bolt holes on the end rings so they can be attached later .
( Twelve is just the number of bolts I use , you can use more or less on the rings and end caps . )
The injector cap need only have two holes in it .
One will be for the fuel injector and the other will be for the spark plug .
You can add more holes for more injectors if you like ; this is a personal preference .
I use five injectors , with one in the center and four in a circular pattern around it .
The only requirement is that the injectors be placed so that they end up in the flametube when the parts are bolted together .
For our design , this means that they must fit into the center of a 5 - inch diameter circle in the middle of the end cap .
I used 1/2 - inch holes for mounting the injectors .
Advertisement
Next , and slightly offset from the center , you will add the hole for your spark plug .
The hole should be drilled and tapped for a 14 mm x 1.25 mm thread .
Again , the design in the pictures has two spark plugs — this is just a matter of preference for me in case one plug chooses to go out of service .
Make sure that the plugs are also within the confines of the flametube .
In the photo of the injector cap , you can see the little tubes that stick out of the cap .
These are for mounting the injectors .
As I said , I will have five of them , but you can get by with one in the center for your first attempt .
The tubes are made from 1/2 - inch diameter tubing with a 3/8 th - inch inside diameter .
They get cut to 1.25 inches , after which a bevel is placed on the edges by chucking them in the drill press and rotating them while hitting them with an angle grinder .
It is a neat little trick that turns out decent results .
Both ends are threaded with a 1/8th inch NPT tapered pipe thread .
I hold the tubes in a vise under the drill press and chuck up the pipe tap so that I can start the threads nice and straight in the tubes .
After starting the threads , I finish them by hand turning the tap to the required depth .
They are welded in place with 1/2 inch of the tube protruding from each side of the plate .
The fuel supply lines will attach to one side and the injectors will screw into the other .
I like to weld them to the inside of the plate to make the outside of the combustor have a clean appearance .
Advertisement
To make the exhaust cap , you will need to cut an opening for the hot gases to escape from .
In my case , I sized it to the same dimensions as the entrance to the turbine scroll on the turbo .
This is 2 inches by 3 inches on our turbo .
A small plate , or turbine flange , is then made to bolt to the turbine housing .
The turbine flange should have the same sized opening as the turbine inlet as well , plus four bolt holes to secure it to the turbo .
The exhaust end cap and the turbine flange can be welded together by making a simple rectangular box section to go between the two .
In the photo of the exhaust manifold below , you can see the turbine flange to the right and the exhaust cap face down on the ground .
The transition bend had to be made for the application this engine will see in the jet bike , but it could have easily been made with just a simple straight - in rectangular section created from sheet steel .
Weld the parts together , keeping your welds on the outside of the pieces only so that the air flow will not have any obstructions or turbulence created by inside beads .
Advertisement
Step 7 : Assembling the Combustion Chamber : Bolting it Together
You are now getting closer to having a finshed jet engine .
It is time to bolt the parts together to see if everything fits as it should .
Advertisement
Start by bolting the turbine flange and end cap assembly ( the exhaust manifold ) to your turbo .
The combustor housing then bolts to the exhaust assembly , and finally the injector cap bolts to the main combustor housing .
If you have done everything right so far , it should look similar to the second picture below .
If it does n't , back up and see where you made your mistake .
It is important to note that the turbine and compressor sections of the turbo can be rotated against each other by loosening the clamps in the middle .
Different turbos use many kinds of clamps , but it should be easy to see which bolts must be loosened to make the parts rotate .
Advertisement
With the parts attached and the orientation of your turbo set , you will need to fabricate a pipe to connect the compressor outlet opening to the combustor housing .
This pipe should be the same diameter as the compressor outlet , and will eventually be attached to the compressor with a rubber or silicon hose coupler .
The other end will need to fit flush with the combustor and be welded into place once a hole has been cut into the side of the combustor housing .
It does not matter where the hole is on the side of the combustor so long as the air has a nice smooth path to get in .
This means no sharp corners , and keep the welds on the outside .
For our combustor , I chose to use a piece of 3.5 - inch diameter , mandrel - bent exhaust tubing .
The image above shows a hand - fabricated pipe that enlarges and slows the air down before entering the combustor .
You should now have a nice clean path for the air to take all the way from the inlet of the compressor , down the pipe to the combustor , through the exhaust manifold , and past the turbine section .
Everything should be pretty much airtight , and you should check all welding to make sure that it is solid .
Blowing a leaf blower through the front of the engine should cause the air to flow through and turn the turbine blades .
Advertisement
Step 8 : Making the Flametube
Many builders consider this to be the hardest part .
The flame tube is what lets the air into the center of the combustion chamber and keeps the flame held in place so that it must exit to the turbine side only , not the compressor side .
Advertisement
The picture above shows my flametube .
From left to right , the hole patterns have special names and functions .
The small holes to the left are the primary holes , the middle larger holes are the secondaries , and the largest to the right are the tertiary or dilution holes .
( Note that there are also some additional small holes in this design to help create a curtain of air to keep the flametube walls cooler )
The primary holes supply the air for fuel and air mixing ; this is where the burn process begins .
Advertisement
The secondary holes supply the air to complete the combustion process .
The tertiary / dilution holes provide the air for cooling of the gases before they leave the combustor ; this helps keep the turbo's turbine blades from overheating .
Advertisement
The size and placement of the holes is a mathematical equation at best and a logistical nightmare at worst .
To make the process of calculating the holes easy , I have provided a program here that will do the work for you .
It is a Windows program , so if you are on a Mac or Linux box you will have to do the equations longhand .
The program , dubbed Jet Spec Designer , can also be used to determine the thrust output of a particular turbo .
Before making any holes in the flametube , you will need to size it to fit into the combustor .
As our combustor is 10 inches long from the outside of the ring ends on one side to the other , you will need to cut the flametube to that length ( make sure you cut to fit your combustor length ) .
Use the posterboard wrapped around the flametube to square up one end , then measure and cut the other .
I would suggest making the flametube almost 3/16ths of an inch shorter to allow for expansion for the metal as it gets hot .
It will still be able to be captured inside of the end rings , and will " float " inside of them .
Advertisement
Once you 've cut it to length , get going on those holes .
There will be a lot of them , and a " unibit " or stepped drill bit is very handy to have here .
The flametube can be made of stainless or regular mild steel .
Stainless will of course last longer and hold up to the heat better than mild steel .
Advertisement
Step 9 : Plumbing the Oil and Fuel Systems
Now that you have the flame tube drilled , open the combustor housing and insert it between the rings until it snugs down into the back against the exhaust cap .
Replace the injector side cap and tighten the bolts .
I like to use hex - head cap bolts just for the look , but the convenience is also nice as you dont have to fiddle with a regular wrench .
Advertisement
Fuel and Oil Pumps : Plumb It Right , Don't Die
Now you will need to get fuel to the system and oil to the bearings .
This part is not as complicated as it may seem .
For the fuel side , you will need a pump capable of high pressure and a flow of at least 20 gallons per hour .
For the oil side , you will need a pump capable of at least 50 psi pressure with a flow of about 2 - 3 gallons per minute .
Fortunately , the same type of pump can be used for both .
My suggestion is the Shurflo pump , model number 8000-643-236 .
Other alternatives are power steering pumps , furnace pumps , and automotive fuel pumps .
The best price I have found on the Shurflo is from here , currently $ 77 US .
Do not skimp out and buy the other Shurflo pumps which look the same but are cheaper .
The valves and seals in the pumps will not work with petroleum based products and I cannot guarantee that you will have much luck with them .
I have provided a diagram for the fuel system here ; the oil system for the turbo will work the same way .
If your pump does not have a bypass return directly on it ( the Shurflo does not , but some furnace pumps do ) then you can omit the pump bypass as it is only there to catch blowby from the pump itself .
Advertisement
The idea of the plumbing systems is to regulate pressure with a bypass valve setup .
The pumps will always have a full flow with this method , and any unused fluid will be returned to its holding tank .
By going this route , you will avoid back pressure on the pump and the pumps will last longer too .
The system will work equally well for fuel and oil systems .
For the oil system you will need to have a filter and an oil cooler , both of which would go in line after the pump , but before the bypass valve .
Oil Cooler : Plumb it Right , Still Don't Die
For an oil cooler , I suggest B&M transmission coolers .
Oil filters can be the regular screw - on type by using a remote oil filter mount .
Make sure that all lines running to the turbo are made of " hard line " such as copper tubing with compression fittings .
Flexible line such as rubber can blow off and end in disaster .
Oil or fuel hitting a hot turbine housing will burst into flame very quickly .
Also of note is the pressure involved in these pump systems .
Rubber hose will soften with heat , and the high pressures from the pumps will cause the lines to rupture and slip off of fittings .
Be safe and use hard lines .
It is just as inexpensive as flexible lines .
You have been warned of the dangers ; I accept no liability for your unwillingness to follow instructions !
Advertisement
When plumbing the oil lines to the turbo , make sure that your oil inlet is on the top of the turbo and that the drain is at the bottom .
The inlet is usually the smaller of the two openings .
If you are using a wate - cooled turbo , it is not neccessary to use the water jacket at all , and nothing need be hooked to these ports .
It will only be useful if you would like to supply a flow of water for cooling the turbo upon shutdown .
Tanks ,
Injectors , and Oil
Tanks for fuel can be any size , and oil tanks should be capable of holding at least one gallon .
Do not place the pick up lines near the return lines in tanks , or the aeration caused by the returning fluids will cause air bubbles to enter the pick up lines and the pumps will cavitate and lose pressure !
Advertisement
For fuel injectors , I recomend HAGO nozzles from McMaster Carr .
Look on page 1939 of the online catalog for the stainless - steel water - misting nozzles .
An engine of this size will need a flow of approximately 14 gallons per hour at full bore .
With regard to oil , I use Castrol fully synthetic 5 W - 20 right now .
A fully synthetic oil with a low viscosity is a must .
The synthetic will have a much higher flash point and be less likely to ignite , and the low viscosity will help the turbine to rotate easier on startup .
Advertisement
For more information about calculating fuel requirements and such , I suggest you join a user group such as the Yahoo Forums " DIYgasturbines " user group .
There is a wealth of information there , and I am a regular member .
Sparking That Mother Up
Ahh , you will need a source of ignition !
Since there are numerous ways to get a spark from a sparkplug , I wo n't go into this in - depth .
I leave it to you to search the Internet for a nice high - oltage circuit to get a spark , or you can cheap out and wire an automotive flasher relay to a coil and get a rather slow , but usable , spark out of your plug .
Advertisement
For the power to all of the 12 - volt systems , I like to use 12 - volt , 7 or 12 amp - hour , sealed gel - cell batteries like the ones you find in burglar alarms .
They are small , light , and well suited to the task , and they easily fit into a jet kart or other small vehicle .
Ok , so you 've made it this far .
All you need now is a stand on which to mount your engine .
You can see the test stand I made in other pictures here and get an idea of how to make one for yourself .
Do you have your leaf blower ready ?
Let 's get it started !
Step 10 : Make Noise , Shake the Ground , Scare the Neighbors
Note :
The engine in the video is not the author 's engine .
Video of that engine can be found here .
Advertisement
This is the fun part !
The parts you will need are ...
1 ) The engine
2 ) Ear muffs
3 ) Lots of fuel ( diesel , kerosene , or Jet - A )
4 ) A leaf blower
This is where things get interesting .
First , set up the jet in a place where you can actually start it without making anyone mad with the loud noise .
Next , you 'll need to fuel it .
I like to use Jet - A — aviation jet fuel , available at any small airport — because it works well and offers the right smell .
Switch on your oil system and set the oil pressure to a minimum of 30 psi .
Put on your ear defenders and spool up the turbine by blowing air through the engine with the leaf blower .
Yes , you can use electric or air starting on these engines , but it is not the norm , and it is much easier to just use the leaf blower .
Advertisement
Next , turn on the ignition circuit and slowly apply the fuel by closing the bypass needle valve on the fuel system until you hear a " pop " when the combustor lights .
Keep increasing the fuel flow , and you will start to hear the roar of your new jet engine .
Gradually pull the leaf blower away and see if the engine speeds up on its own .
If it does not , reapply the leaf blower and give it more fuel until it does .
That 's it !
Congratulations — you 've built a jet engine !
Do n't burn the house down !
Advertisement
Russ Moore is a contributor for Instructables.com , a " web - based documentation platform where passionate people share what they do and how they do it , and learn from and collaborate with others . "
This story originally appeared on Instructables on April 17 , 2006 .
NOVEMBER 2010 UPDATE : Yahoo officials recently informed me that the problem described in this blog post has been fixed .
I 've tested it out and can report that it is now possible to access Yahoo Mail on Android phones connected to Wi -Fi networks , even while using the Droid 's native e-mail application .
The original blog post follows :
No matter where I go , I have two constant companions : my Motorola Droid smartphone and Yahoo Mail .
I love them both , but they seem to hate each other .
I ’ve been using Yahoo Mail since I was a freshman in college nearly half my life ago , and have never wanted to switch .
The service rarely goes down , and my computer makes a cool little sound when I get a new e-mail , which for some reason meets my warped definition of the word " exciting . "
I ’ve been using a Motorola Droid since I bought it a little more than a week ago , and it ’s one of the most amazingly awesome devices I ’ve ever owned .
It ’s basically an iPhone plus a physical keyboard , and it ’s not on the AT&T network – you ca n’t possibly screw that up , can you ?
Actually , yes you can .
You do it by building an e-mail service that does n’t work when the phone is connected to Wi-Fi .
I bought my Motorola Droid last Monday , May 3 , brought it home and immediately set up my Yahoo Mail account on the native e-mail application that comes with the Droid .
The process was easy and e-mail worked very well on the Verizon 3G network .
Then , I connected my Droid phone to the Wi-Fi network in my house , and all of a sudden Yahoo Mail stopped working .
Sometimes I get a “ connection error ” message , and at other times there is no error message but the mail refuses to refresh .
So , Yahoo Mail works on the Droid when it ’s connected to 3G only , but it does n’t work at all when the phone is connected to 3G and Wi-Fi simultaneously .
I like using Wi -Fi , so I spent a while searching Google to find a way to overcome this problem , and learned that users of multiple types of Android phones have experienced the same issue .
During the process of trying to discover a workaround I had this thought : “ Why do n’t I just switch to Gmail ? "
After all , Android phones always support Gmail .
That ’s when it hit me :
This must be Google ’s nefarious plan to kill Yahoo Mail !
Build a smartphone platform that will eventually defeat the iPhone and BlackBerry , offer only limited support for competing e-mail services and watch everyone switch to your own e-mail platform .
It makes sense in a conspiracy theory sort of way , and I was ready to write a blog post blasting Google , naturally with the title “ Google ’s nefarious plan to kill Yahoo Mail . ”
The only problem is , I could n’t find any evidence suggesting that Google is to blame .
I have n’t found a definitive answer for the Wi-Fi e-mail problem , but as of now it seems more likely to me that Yahoo is at fault .
Since I ’m a journalist , I went to work Tuesday , May 4 and started e-mailing the press contacts for all the vendors involved in this mess : Google , Yahoo , Verizon and Motorola .
I ’ve gotten nothing of substance on the record from any of these companies .
But my understanding of what happens is as follows :
Yahoo charges users $ 20 per year extra for POP or IMAP access , the Internet protocols for retrieving e-mail .
When mobile phone users connect to Yahoo mail over a cellular network , such as Verizon ’s , the IP address is whitelisted , allowing the connection .
But the IP addresses on Wi-Fi networks do not get the same special treatment , so users accessing Yahoo over Wi -Fi get an error message instead of their mail .
This seems to make sense at first glance , but I ’m not convinced this explanation tells the whole story .
For example , I can connect to Yahoo Mail over Wi-Fi on my iPod Touch .
Why would Wi-Fi on an iPod Touch ( or iPhone ) be any different than Wi-Fi on a Droid ?
Secondly , some commenters on a Google Android forum report not being able to access mail on Wi-Fi despite having paid for Yahoo Mail Plus .
So I ’m not about to pay $ 20 for something that has always been free .
Motorola and Verizon do confirm the Yahoo Mail / Wi -Fi problem , even though they wo n’t explain why it exists .
The user guide for the Motorola Devour phone , another Verizon device , states “ While you are using a Wi -Fi network , you cannot access Yahoo Mail accounts .
You can still use your browser to see these accounts at mail.yahoo.com . ”
When I contacted Verizon Wireless and described the Wi-Fi problem , and told them my understanding of what causes it , the Verizon spokeswoman responded that “ the issue you describe regarding Yahoo is being addressed by Yahoo . ”
Now , it ’s not like this Yahoo Mail glitch is the end of the world .
I ’d like to access the Wi-Fi networks at my home and elsewhere because they ’re probably faster than Verizon ’s 3G , but turning Wi -Fi off is n’t a huge deal .
Even with Wi -Fi on , I can access Yahoo Mail with the Android Web browser , albeit through a harder - to - use interface than the dedicated e-mail client .
But the fact that this glitch had me briefly considering whether to switch to Gmail , after a lifetime using Yahoo , makes me wonder if such an inconvenience will harm Yahoo ’s standing in the market for e-mail users .
Android phone sales have already surpassed iPhone sales .
If millions of smartphone users have Google devices in their pockets , setting up a Gmail account would be a natural move , particularly if accessing Yahoo is more difficult than it should be .
Yahoo spokespeople have been blaming Google for problems with Yahoo Mail on Droid phones since at least January , when a spokesperson was quoted as saying " It 's unfortunate that Google launched a mobile device without properly integrating e-mail from Yahoo !
- the number one mobile mail service in the United States . ”
But Yahoo is unwilling or unable to discuss the technical details behind the Droid glitch .
I e-mailed Yahoo more than a week ago , received no response , left a phone message , again receiving no response , and then finally obtained an official statement from the company after placing another phone call with Yahoo yesterday .
“ We are committed to offering a great Yahoo !
Mail experience on Android powered devices and have been working with Google and individual carriers to make this happen , ” Yahoo ’s statement reads .
“ Based on the work we ’ve done we expected this issue would have been resolved by now .
Yahoo !
Mail runs seamlessly on a wide range of operating systems and devices , including iPhone and BlackBerry , and we are doing everything within our direct control to provide our millions of Yahoo !
Mail users the best possible experience on Android too . ”
That statement does n’t clear up the matter at all , and one of the reasons I am inclined to blame Yahoo is that anyone with the proper expertise can build an e-mail application and offer it to Android phone users through the Android app store .
That ’s exactly what some developers have already done .
One free app called MailDroid , which I have downloaded , works with Yahoo Mail over Wi-Fi .
It ’s not quite as good as the Droid ’s native e-mail client , but what ’s stopping Yahoo from building its own e-mail application for the Android ?
The Droid already has a separate application for Gmail , and could have one for Yahoo as well .
I am not a technical expert , but I have to assume building a dedicated e-mail application for a widely used mobile operating system would be a trivial task for a company with the intellectual power of Yahoo .
It ’s not as ideal as having Yahoo Mail work with the native Droid e-mail app , but if it ’s the only option , then just get it done , already .
I ’m keeping my Droid .
I like it too much , and turning off Wi-Fi does n’t severely hamper my enjoyment of the phone .
Maybe Google should take some blame in the matter .
After all , Google did build the operating system .
But Yahoo officials are the ones with the incentive to fix the problem .
What the heck are they waiting for ?
( July 1 Update : Yahoo releases Android mail app to support Wi - Fi , but service is slow )
Follow Jon Brodkin on Twitter .
Elites are under siege in every corner of the world – from “ Tea Party ” activists in America , nationalist demagogues in Europe , and red- shirted demonstrators in Thailand .
While every country 's protests reflects local conditions , what unites the worldwide upsurge of populism is suspicion of globalization and , paradoxically , the relative powerlessness of the elites who are under attack .
" Co- Producer " Credit at the end of the episode , DVD and access page plus your choice of a guaranteed spot in Joe 's Online Cartoon Mentor class or lunch with Joe ( Joe pays .
Airfare to LA not included . )
Oh , and I will chant your name in my morning mediation thanking you for your generosity .
Less
Apple is involved in some curious patent cases filed this week in Texas federal district courts .
One suit claims that Apple 's iTunes Store ( among many others ) infringes on a patent for what is essentially an online store for music downloads .
Another lawsuit claims that Safari , DVD Player , Front Row , and even Mac OS X itself infringe on a number of patents related to adjustable length displays of textual and other data .
The first lawsuit , filed in the patent - friendly Eastern District of Texas , comes from Sharing Sound LLC , which holds the rights to a patent for " distribution of musical products by a web site vendor over the internet . "
The patent in question describes what is functionally any website you 've ever visited to buy a music download , including song previews , a shopping cart , and even an accompanying app to play legally purchased music .
The patent targeting Apple has a provision that downloaded songs have a unique identifier included in the file to link the files to a particular purchaser .
Sharing Sound says that Apple 's iTunes Store infringes on this patent .
While iTunes must be used to access the iTunes Store , it does so through a custom WebKit view that accesses pages that are built with HTML , CSS , and JavaScript .
Though iTunes Plus tracks no longer use DRM , they do contain information in the file to identify the original purchaser , including the Apple ID .
Sony and its various subsidiaries , Rhapsody , Napster , Brilliant Digital Entertainment , and Microsoft are also named as codefendants .
If anyone seems conspicuously absent from that list , namely Amazon ( for its Amazon MP3 Store ) , do n't be alarmed ; Sharing Sound has filed a similar patent lawsuit against Amazon , Netflix , Wal - Mart , Barnes & Noble , and GameStop that cites a slightly different , but identically titled patent that does n't specify including a unique key in the downloaded files .
If either of these suits are decided in Sharing Sound 's favor , it could have far - reaching effects on digital music distribution for the next decade .
But the patent may be too broad to be enforced .
Patent MONKEYshines
In another lawsuit , this time coming from the Western District of Texas , interaction design firm MONKEYmedia claims that certain features of Mac OS X and Safari infringe on the company 's patents related to " non-salience deemphasis . "
This is a rather obtuse term for " cutting out the unimportant parts . "
MONKEYmedia founder Eric Gould is named as the inventor on three similar patents , all titled " Computer user interface with non-salience deemphasis . "
The patents describe methods for displaying varying amounts of a particular piece of data based on a user control .
As the user adjusts to show smaller amounts of data , the " non-salient " bits are " deemphasized " ; in other words , only the most important parts of the data are shown .
MONKEYmedia claims that Safari's RSS feed reading features infringe these patents with its adjustable slider for controlling how much of an article is shown in the feed display .
This control can show full articles , or variably shorter summaries , using an algorithm that can summarize an article 's content .
Similarly , the lawsuit targets Mac OS X's built - in " Summarize " service , which applies the same algorithm to any text in any Cocoa - based application .
The lawsuit suggests that DVD Player and Front Row , included in Mac OS X , also violate a particular claim ( claim 6 of patent 6,335,730 ) related to showing objects which represent a " summary " of video data .
It 's not clear what parts of these apps infringe , though it may refer to either chapter markers or possibly frames used to scrub through a video stream .
In either case , it seems this particular claim could also apply to nearly every DVD player , streaming video player , or nonlinear video editing software .
30 Hilarious Print Advertisements
Advertisement
Advertisment is key source of promoting the products .
Marketing students can learn from these collection .
Recommended Post :
Here are 30 Hilarious Print Advertisements taken from Quality site adsofthworld
It 's been a hectic start to the life of the Muskegon Lumberjacks in the United States Hockey League .
Even before final approval was given to the expansion franchise to join the league , owner Josh Mervis and others were keeping their eyes open for young players .
In all , Mervis has seen at least 165 games in hopes of locating and bringing the best young talent to Muskegon .
Mervis quickly rattles off a list of cities he 's visited : Boston , Chicago , Detroit , Minneapolis , Toronto , Pittsburgh and many places in between .
He 's also been to Marquette and Traverse City .
Assistant coach Dave Noel - Bernier has been to Toronto and Chicago .
" I went scouting , we had to go scouting , " Mervis said .
" And we had to scout a lot . "
It 's all in preparation for the USHL draft , which begins Monday with the expansion draft .
Muskegon heads into this week 's drafts with six pre-draft tenders already signed .
" We wanted to build from the goal out with our tenders , " said Patrick .
" We took a great step in doing that with Joel Vienneau in goal and Jaycob Megna , Sebastien Gingras and Mark Yanis on the blueline .
" Then we got two forwards in Matt Berry and Mike Conderman and we 'll look to beef up our front end , " Patrick said .
" That will definitely be the target as we head into the draft . "
Monday 's draft will add up to seven players to the Jacks ' roster .
Muskegon team officials will receive the list of non-protected players at 8 a.m. and four hours later , the selections will be made .
Each of the existing USHL teams can protect eight players .
The following day is the futures draft and this year , players with 1994 birthdates will be chosen .
Many will not be ready to play at the USHL level .
The regular entry draft is slated for Wednesday and by the end of the day , Muskegon will have about 35 players on their roster and that includes an affiliates list of young players whose rights can be kept for three years .
" We will see in this draft anywhere from 1990 birthdates and we may see a 1995 drafted , " Mervis said .
" I 'd be surprised , but not shocked .
There are some exceptional guys out there .
But as a rule , they are too young to play . "
Draft preparation
Five scouts are currently covering the regions of the United States and part of Canada .
" When you 're in the game 15 years , you develop contacts and you hope they respect your work you 've done and respect you enough to tip you off or recommend a player , " Mervis said .
" Then the minute you hear about a player , you go .
" The first time you do n't go after you 've been tipped , the player turns out to be someone who would turn your franchise 's fortunes . "
Mervis said he is not only looking for quality hockey players , but quality people off the ice .
" We 're looking for winners off the ice and on the ice , " Mervis said .
" If we 've got to take bad people to win , I do n't want to do it .
I only want high character people or people who aspire to be the best they can in all of their lives .
" A one - dimensional person will not fit in , " Mervis said .
" We 're not the right team for everybody and we do n't try to be .
We 're not all things to all people . "
Patrick and Mervis have had conversations with prospective draft picks and will be well prepared heading into the drafts .
" A lot of these kids we will draft , Kevin and I have talked to or our scouts have interviewed them , " Mervis said .
" There is a lot to this .
This is more like the NHL than anything else .
We interview our players . "
Lumberjack officials hope everything 's into place this week as Mervis , Patrick , general manager Tim Taylor and Noel - Bernier gather in Indianapolis to conduct the draft .
One or two scouts may also join them as the draft proceeds .
Patrick said the reason the draft is being done in Mervis ' office in Indianapolis is the team 's computer system is not place as yet at Walker Arena .
After the draft
There is no lull following the draft .
Noel - Bernier , a certified trainer , will be busy right away .
" He will be making a personal visit to tenders and draft picks to work out with them , " Mervis said .
" Everyone will get a personal visit from Coach Dave . "
Noel - Bernier will meet the players and their families and provide them with an off - season conditioning program .
" You 're drafted on Saturday in the NFL and on Monday you 're working out with the team , " Mervis said .
" We can't move quite at NFL speed , but we 're getting there . "
In June , the Lumberjacks will host a weeklong camp at L.C. Walker Arena .
An open camp will be June 14 - 16 followed by an invitational - only camp June 17 - 20 .
That camp will also include the draft picks .
In all , about 75 players will be skating those four days with Coach Patrick putting them through drills and scrimmages .
There will also be interviews and physical testing .
IF YOU’VE ever joked about your boss being a robot , stop laughing , they soon could be .
A web service has launched that allows software algorithms to automatically recruit , hire and pay workers to do a wide variety of tasks .
“ For the last 60 years , humans have controlled software – now we ’re getting to the stage where software can control humans , ” says Matt Barrie of Australian website Freelancer.com .
The website normally provides a forum for companies wanting to outsource their work .
Now it has been upgraded so that developers can write software to post job adverts on the site , take on …
A new iPhone hater has emerged and it is none other than the outspoken founder of EarthLink , Sky Dayton .
Dayton recently told The New York Times , “ There has never been a massively successful consumer device based solely on a touch screen . ”
Dayton also happens to be the CEO of the mobile phone company Helio .
Despite his status as a competitor , learning that Dayton is willing to publicly cast doubt on the Steve Jobs mojo adds some heft to the growing concerns that the iPhone might not actually be “ The God Machine ” so many seem to think it is .
Even Walt Mossberg , someone I ’ve always felt was an Apple fanboy posing as a skeptic , seems hesitant to give the iPhone his blessing even though he ’s one of the only ( possibly “ the ” only ) journalist I know that has one .
I have to admit , Dayton has keyed in on the one thing I ’ve been concerned about :
The seemingly unlikely wide adoption of a touchscreen mobile device .
T - minus 18 days until we know for sure if Jobs has another Newton on his hands .
Photo : DuncanDavidson
Dear Archive Reader ,
Believe it or not , today is the 10 year anniversary of the archive opening its doors .
On 2nd of February 2007 From Earth posted the very first archive announcement thread , with only 7 LPs at first : Dungeon Explorer , Final Fantasy VIII by Leovinus , Flashback , Silent Hill 1 & 2 by From Earth , and Vampire : The Masquerade : Bloodlines .
Now the archive is hosting Two Thousand ( count them - that 's 2000 ! ) LPs .
That 's an amazing milestone to hit , congratulations to all the LPers in these hallowed halls !
To celebrate this landmark we 're enjoying a retro day !
Experience the archive almost approximately similar to how it was when it first launched !
- baldurk
Booting Linux with U - Boot on QEMU ARM
In recent months I played with QEMU emulation of an ARM Versatile Platform Board , making it run bare metal programs , the U - Boot boot - loader and a Linux kernel complete with a Busybox - based file system .
I tried to put everything together to emulate a complete boot procedure , but it was not so simple .
What follows is a description of what I ’ve done to emulate a complete boot for an emulated ARM system , and the applied principles can be easily transferred to other different platforms .
Prerequisites
qemu-system-arm : can be installed on Ubuntu with “ sudo apt - get install qemu- kvm - extras “ , on Debian with “ aptitude install qemu ” as root .
: can be installed on Ubuntu with “ “ , on Debian with “ ” as root .
mkImage : can be installed with the package uboot - mkimage .
Alternatively , it is compiled from U - Boot source .
: can be installed with the package .
Alternatively , it is compiled from U - Boot source .
arm - none - eabi toolchain : can be downloaded from the the CodeSourcery ARM EABI toolchain page
toolchain : can be downloaded from the the CodeSourcery ARM EABI toolchain page zImage : the Linux kernel created in my previous post here
: the Linux kernel created in my previous post here rootfs.img.gz : the Busybox - based file system created in my previous post here
The boot process
On real , physical boards the boot process usually involves a non-volatile memory ( e.g. a Flash ) containing a boot - loader and the operating system .
On power on , the core loads and runs the boot - loader , that in turn loads and runs the operating system .
QEMU has the possibility to emulate Flash memory on many platforms , but not on the VersatilePB .
There are patches ad procedures available that can add flash support , but for now I wanted to leave QEMU as it is .
QEMU can load a Linux kernel using the - kernel and - initrd options ; at a low level , these options have the effect of loading two binary files into the emulated memory : the kernel binary at address 0x10000 ( 64KiB ) and the ramdisk binary at address 0x800000 ( 8MiB ) .
Then QEMU prepares the kernel arguments and jumps at 0x10000 ( 64KiB ) to execute Linux .
I wanted to recreate this same situation using U - Boot , and to keep the situation similar to a real one I wanted to create a single binary image containing the whole system , just like having a Flash on board .
The - kernel option in QEMU will be used to load the Flash binary into the emulated memory , and this means the starting address of the binary image will be 0x10000 ( 64KiB ) .
Understanding memory usage during the boot process is important because there is the risk of overwriting something during memory copy and relocation .
One feature of U - Boot is self - relocation , which means that on execution the code copies itself into another address , which by default is 0x1000000 ( 16MiB ) .
This feature comes handy in our scenario because it frees lower memory space in order to copy the Linux kernel .
The compressed kernel image size is about 1.5 MiB , so the first 1.5 MiB from the start address must be free and usable when U - Boot copies the kernel .
The following figure shows the solution I came up with :
At the beginning we have three binary images together : U - Boot ( about 80 KiB ) , Linux kernel ( about 1.5MiB ) and the root file system ramdisk ( about 1.1MiB ) .
The images are placed at a distance of 2MiB , starting from address 0x10000 .
At run -time U - boot relocates itself to address 0x1000000 , thus freeing 2MiB of memory from the start address .
The U - Boot command bootm then copies the kernel image into 0x10000 and the root filesystem into 0x800000 ; after that then jumps at the beginning of the kernel , thus creating the same situation as when QEMU starts with the - kernel and - initrd options .
Building U - Boot
The problem with this solution is that U - Boot , when configured to be built for VersatilePB , does not support ramdisk usage , which means that it does not copy the ramdisk during the bootm command , and it does not give any information about the ramdisk to the kernel .
In order to give it the functionality I need , I patched the original source code of U - Boot before compilation .
The following code is the patch to apply to u-boot - 2010.03 source tree :
diff - rupN u-boot - 2010.03.orig/common/image.c u-boot-2010.03/common/image.c --- u-boot-2010.03.orig/common/image .c
2010-03-31 23:54:39.000000000 +0200 +++ u-boot -2010.03/common/image .c
2010-04-12 15:42:15.911858000 +0200 @@ - 941,7 +941,7 @@ int boot_get_ramdisk ( int argc , char * ar return 1 ; } -#if defined ( CONFIG_B2 ) || defined ( CONFIG_EVB4510 ) || defined ( CONFIG_ARMADILLO ) +#if defined ( CONFIG_B2 ) || defined ( CONFIG_EVB4510 ) || defined ( CONFIG_ARMADILLO ) || defined ( CONFIG_VERSATILE ) /* *
We need to copy the ramdisk to SRAM to let Linux boot */ diff - rupN u-boot - 2010.03.orig/include/configs/versatile.h u-boot-2010.03/include/configs/versatile.h --- u-boot-2010.03.orig/include/configs/versatile.h
2010-03-31 23:54:39.000000000 +0200 +++ u-boot-2010.03/include/configs/versatile.h
2010-04-12 15:43:01.514733000 +0200 @@ - 124,8 +124,11 @@ #define CONFIG_BOOTP_SUBNETMASK
#define CONFIG_BOOTDELAY
2 -#define CONFIG_BOOTARGS
" root=/dev/nfs mem=128 M ip=dhcp " \ - " netdev=25,0,0xf1010000,0xf1010010, eth0 " +/*#define CONFIG_BOOTARGS
" root=/dev/nfs mem=128 M ip=dhcp " \ + " netdev=25,0,0xf1010000,0xf1010010,eth0 " */ +#define CONFIG_BOOTARGS
" root=/dev/ram mem=128 M rdinit=/sbin/init " +#define CONFIG_BOOTCOMMAND
" bootm 0x210000 0x410000 " +#define CONFIG_INITRD_TAG
1 /* * Static configuration when assigning fixed address
I also changed the boot arguments ( CONFIG_BOOTARGS ) so that they are the same as those given from QEMU command line , and then added a command ( CONFIG_BOOTCOMMAND ) to start the Linux boot automatically .
To apply the patch :
save the patch to a file , for example ~/u- boot - 2010.03.
patch download u-boot-2010.03 source tree and extract it , for example in ~/u- boot - 2010.03 cd into the source tree directory apply the patch , for example with “ patch - p1 < ~/u-boot-2010.03.patch “
After applying the patch , U - Boot can be built as seen in my previous post :
make CROSS_COMPILE=arm-none-eabi- versatilepb_config make CROSS_COMPILE=arm-none-eabi- all
The building process will create a u - boot . bin image that supports ramdisks for the VersatilePB .
Incidentally , it will also build the mkimage executable in the tools directory ; it can be used instead of the one installed with Debian / Ubuntu packages .
Creating the Flash image
As I said earlier , I need to create a flash image in which the three binary images are placed at a distance of 2MiB .
U - Boot needs to work with binary images wrapped with a custom header , created using the mkimage tool .
After creating the Linux and root file system images , we can write them inside a big binary at a given address with the dd command .
Assuming that we have in the same directory : u-boot.bin , zImage and rootfs.img.gz , the list of commands to run are :
mkimage - A arm - C none - O linux - T kernel -d zImage -a 0x00010000 -e 0x00010000 zImage.uimg mkimage - A arm - C none - O linux - T ramdisk -d rootfs.img.gz - a 0x00800000 -e 0x00800000 rootfs.uimg dd if=/dev/zero of=flash.bin bs=1 count=6 M dd if=u-boot.bin of=flash.bin conv=notrunc bs=1 dd if=zImage.uimg of=flash.bin conv=notrunc bs=1 seek=2M dd if=rootfs.uimg of=flash.bin conv=notrunc bs=1 seek=4M
These commands do the following :
create the two U - Boot images , zImage.uimg and rootfs.uimg , that contain also information on where to relocate them create a 6MiB empty file called flash .
bin copy the content of u-boot .bin at the beginning of flash .bin copy the content of zImage.uimg at 2MiB from the beginning of flash .bin copy the content of rootfs.uimg at 4MiB from the beginning of flash.bin
At the end we have a binary image , flash .bin , containing the memory layout that I had in mind .
Booting Linux
To boot Linux we can finally call :
qemu-system-arm - M versatilepb -m 128M - kernel flash .bin - serial stdio
The U - Boot - related messages will appear on the console :
U - Boot 2010.03 ( Apr 12 2010 - 15:45:31 ) DRAM : 0 kB ## Unknown FLASH on Bank 1 - Size = 0x00000000 = 0 MB Flash : 0 kB *** Warning - bad CRC , using default environment
In : serial Out : serial Err : serial Net : SMC91111 -0
Hit any key to stop autoboot : 0 ## Booting kernel from Legacy Image at 00210000 ...
Image Name : Image Type : ARM Linux Kernel Image ( uncompressed ) Data Size : 1492328 Bytes = 1.4 MB Load Address : 00010000 Entry Point : 00010000 ## Loading init Ramdisk from Legacy Image at 00410000 ... Image Name : Image Type : ARM Linux RAMDisk Image ( uncompressed ) Data Size : 1082127 Bytes = 1 MB Load Address : 00800000 Entry Point : 00800000 Loading Kernel Image ... OK OK Starting kernel ... Uncompressing Linux ... done , booting the kernel .
Then the Linux kernel will execute inside the emulated screen and the message “ Please press Enter to activate this console ” will appear , indicating that the root file system is working and so the boot process completed successfully .
If something does n’t work , one can always check that the system works without U - Boot , with the following command :
qemu-system-arm - M versatilepb -m 128M - kernel zImage - initrd rootfs.img.gz - append " root=/dev/ram mem=128M rdinit=/sbin/init " - serial stdio
The kernel should uncompress and execute up to the activation of the console .
This procedure has room for improvements and optimizations , for example there ’s too much memory copying here and there , where mostly everything can be executed in place .
It is anyway a nice exercise and a good starting point that reveals interesting details about the boot process in embedded systems .
As usual , this is possible mainly due to the fact that all the tools are free and open source .
45.447224 8.599690
The scheme comes after the murder of Sarah Payne by a paedophile A scheme allowing parents to check if someone is a sex offender will be rolled out across England and Wales by March 2011 , the Home Office says .
A year - long pilot has already protected 60 children , ministers say .
A similar scheme is to be launched in Scotland .
Under the scheme , police can give parents more information about someone who has access to their children .
The biggest category of applicants in the pilot areas was fathers concerned over the new boyfriends of ex-partners .
The sex offender disclosure pilots ran in four areas - Warwickshire , Southampton , Stockton in Teesside and parts of Cambridgeshire - over a year to test how successful they could be at protecting children .
Previously , a parent could alert police to concerns about someone who had access to their children , but there were no clear rules about whether or not they should be told anything if child protection officers discovered cause for concern .
Under the pilots , police were given rules for how and when to disclose , including requiring the parent not to pass the information on to other people in order to avoid panic in a community .
Low take - up
The Home Office said that the take - up for the scheme had been lower than expected , with 315 applications for information over 12 months .
SEX OFFENDER DISCLOSURE PILOTS 2009 Warwickshire Cleveland ( Stockton area ) Hampshire ( Southampton area ) Cambridgeshire ( Northern division , including Peterborough )
Offender alerts :
Five scenarios
Send us your comments
In all , police disclosed information on 32 individuals who had a record of child sex offending or posed a risk in a different way .
One parent contacted the scheme after a neighbour had begun offering sweets to their children .
Police confirmed that the individual was a registered sex offender who had been banned from contacting children .
He was arrested and remanded in custody for breaching the terms of his release .
While researchers for the Home Office said the low take - up raised a question about whether the scheme was worth it , they concluded that it had strengthened safeguards .
The scheme emerged after a long campaign by Sara Payne , whose daughter Sarah was killed by a convicted paedophile who had been released from prison .
Ms Payne , backed by the News of the World , had called for a British version of a US law that fully discloses the identity and home addresses of convicted sex offenders .
WHO WERE APPLICANTS CONCERNED ABOUT ?
17 % ; Ex-partner 's new partner 16 % : Neighbour 16 % : Family member / friend of family member 9 % : Boyfriend / girlfriend 9 % : Authority figure 8 % : Family friend / partner of friend 7 % : Friend 4 % : Neighbour 's relative / partner 14 % : Other categories " I am delighted that the years of campaigning and hard work by so many friends and colleagues have provided those who care for children with the right to check that adults who have access to them do not pose a danger , " she said .
Ms Payne , who is now the government 's official Victims ' Champion , said the evaluation had shown the " huge benefits of increased but controlled access to information " .
" The input of the police , children 's charities and academics to the pilots has ensured consensus has been reached and we are working together to keep children safe . "
' Driven underground ' Home Secretary Alan Johnson said the scheme would be rolled out to 18 additional police forces from August and all others by next March .
" The UK already has one of the most robust systems in the world for the management of sex offenders , the new scheme will build on this ensuring more children are kept safe , " he said .
" We 've already seen that children are better protected and sex offenders more effectively managed because of this scheme , which is why it is rolling out nationwide . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " The first goal must be child safety but concerns remain that these measures could drive sex offenders underground .
" In America , where they have Megan 's Law , one in five sex offenders has disappeared off the radar , which makes children less safe .
" In the UK , 97 % of sex offenders comply with registration requirements .
We do not want to risk more sex offenders avoiding the police and probation services . "
Shaun Kelly , head of safeguarding at the charity Action for Children , said the project must be properly resourced to make sure it was appropriately monitored .
" The success of this project lies within the commitment from government to properly resource this programme to ensure it is successfully rolled out and , crucially , appropriately monitored , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paranormal
Some things just can't be explained , but that does n't mean it is n't fun to try .
Find articles on the most miraculous , anomalous , and enigmatic phenomena of our world and the next .
Following Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch 's statement on Wednesday that Israel will demolish Arab homes in East Jerusalem , the United States warned Israel and the Palestinians of taking inciting steps in Jerusalem .
" As we have said , if either side takes significant actions during the proximity talks that we judge would seriously undermine trust , we will respond to hold them accountable and ensure that negotiations continue . "
Earlier on Wednesday , Aharonovitch said that Israel will demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem in the coming days despite the renewal of indirect peace talks .
Open gallery view U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Credit : AP
The State Department further emphasized the U.S. stance on Jerusalem and expressed faith in the success of the indirect negotiations between the Palestinians and Israel .
" Our policy on Jerusalem remains unchanged .
The status of Jerusalem is an issue that should be resolved in permanent status negotiations between the parties .
This underlines the importance of making progress in the proximity talks to enable the parties to move to direct negotiations that will resolve this and other issues once and for all , " said the U.S. official .
Aharonovitch made his remarks at Wednesday 's Knesset plenum session , during which he said that demolitions had been postponed in recent months so as not to harm efforts by U.S. special envoy George Mitchell to get peace talks off the ground .
Aharonovitch , however , clarified that currently there is no order in effect instructing police to not to raze homes .
Open gallery view Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch pictured in the Knesset in 2010 .
Credit : Emil Salman
" As of right now , there is no directive for police not to implement the demolition orders , " said Aharonovitch , adding that Jerusalem Police are prepared to deploy the forces necessary for the demolitions .
The minister also said that the demolitions were postponed because some in Israel 's political echelons felt the timing was wrong .
" If there was a postponement , it has now ended , " he said .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday said Israel plans to prioritize Jerusalem over other areas , during a special Knesset session marking Jerusalem Day .
Netanyahu also said , " There are those among us who lament the very day Jerusalem was liberated and the capital of Israel was freed from its stranglehold . "
Netanyahu told the special Knesset session that " Jerusalem " and its alternative Hebrew name " Zion " appear 850 times in the Old Testament , Judaism 's core canon .
" As to how many times Jerusalem is mentioned in the holy scriptures of other faiths , I recommend you check , " he said .
Heckled by a lawmaker from Israel 's Arab minority , Netanyahu offered a lesson in comparative religion from the lectern .
" Because you asked : Jerusalem is mentioned 142 times in the New Testament , and none of the 16 various Arabic names for Jerusalem is mentioned in the Koran .
But in an expanded interpretation of the Koran from the 12th century , one passage is said to refer to Jerusalem , " he said .
" There is no undercutting , nor do I intend to undercut , the connection of others to Jerusalem , " Netanyahu said .
" But I do confront the attempt to undercut and warp or obfuscate the unique connection that we , the people of Israel , have to the capital of Israel . "
Construction in East Jerusalem has been a major sticking point between Israel and the U.S. since Israel infuriated Washington in March by announcing a major new East Jerusalem housing development during a visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden .
Jean - Claude Trichet , the president of Europe ’s central bank , said to a recent meeting of the U.S. - based Council on Foreign Relations that in order to prevent another dramatic economic crisis , a new type of “ global governance ” must bring accounting practices on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean into sync with one another .
“ It is his belief that through global governance , the resiliency of the global financial system can be assured , noting that ultimately it was governmentsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ use of taxpayerÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s money , equivalent to around 25 % of GDP on both sides of the Atlantic , that prevented another catastrophic great depression from occurring , ” wrote Forbes reporter Mina Sanini , who captured the remarks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After mid-September the intensification of the crisis , it was really a question of half - days to measure the rapidity of the consummation , ” he said , adding that it had spread “ all over the world , [ to ] all of the different sectors . ”
“ This is something which I had not observed before , ” Trichet explained .
“ It is extremely important that we have really a level playing field , that we have really , at the global level , the same rules being applied by all , ” he continued .
“ This is very , very important , in my understanding of course , for the good and appropriate functioning of global finance .
It is extremely important that we , in this new ownership of global governance , have particularly on both sides of the Atlantic , the implementation of the same rules , in the same fashion . ”
Forbes lays out his three principles for global economic reforms as :
1 ) First , the principle of subsidiary is essential .
No rule should be imposed at a global level or supranational level that cannot be more or equally effectively set at the national or local level .
2 ) Second , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s not easy to create a complex set of rules in a complicated and often obscure field like finance , but that it is absolutely critical if we want to create stable financial markets .
3 ) Finally , global rules can be limiting from country - to - country , but that it is imperative now more than ever , because financial innovation has spiraled out of control in a negative way .
ADVERTISEMENT
Trichet also spoke of “ financial nationalism ” as a negative trait that ’s been on the rise since markets nearly collapsed in 2008 .
Obama hails recovery , but fears remain
President Obama said Friday that despite persistently high unemployment numbers , the U.S. economy is “ in a much better place ” than it was one year ago .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The economy that was losing jobs a year ago is creating jobs today , ” Obama said , “ we ’re moving forward .
Our economy is stronger . ”
Earlier , the Commerce Department reported US gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew at a 3.2 percent pace in the first quarter , up from minus 6.4 percent at the same time last year .
ADVERTISEMENT
The first estimate was a percentage point shy of market expectations , but marked the third consecutive quarter of economic expansion as Americans began spending more .
That was seen as further evidence that the world ’s largest economy is slowly recovering from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s .
“ Our economy is stronger .
The economic heart beat is growing stronger , ” Obama said .
While positive , many fear the current rate of growth is not enough to recover the eight million US jobs lost since the crisis began .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While today ’s GDP report is an important milepost on our road to recovery , it does n’t mean much to an American who has lost his or her job and ca n’t find another , ” Obama acknowledged .
The rate of growth was well down from the final quarter of 2009 , when GDP was estimated at 5.6 percent , the strongest growth in six years .
Analysts saw the figures as “ further confirming the end of the recession and that the recovery is only moderate and disappointing , ” according to Peter Morici of the University of Maryland .
“ Looking ahead , data are not encouraging .
After such a long and damaging recession , we should expect several quarters of five percent growth . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Some predict that economic growth might falter later this year , or will not be enough to cut into near double - digit unemployment .
This video was published to the Web by Forbes on April 29 , 2010 .
With AFP .
Image caption
The university group says extra funds must come from students
Students should pay higher fees to go to university in England , says the Russell Group of leading universities .
The group 's submission to Lord Browne 's funding review sets out how the £ 3,225 - a - year fee could rise to £ 9,000 without extra costs in taxpayers ' subsidies .
" An increase in graduate contributions is the fairest and only viable option for addressing the funding shortfall , " says the Russell Group statement .
Students described the proposals as a " nightmare scenario " .
The National Union of Students said this lifting of the cap on fees would mean " mortgage - style debts " of more than £ 40,000 .
Higher repayments
The UCU lecturers ' union said that such an increase in tuition fees would be " the most regressive piece of education policy since the war " which would " price a generation out of higher education " .
The Russell Group wants the level of tuition fees to be high enough to create a range of different charges for different courses - and for students to re-pay loans at a higher interest rate .
This combination of higher fees and reduced subsidies would mean that fees could be raised to £ 9,000 per year , without extra cost to the Treasury , says the report .
Lord Browne 's cross-party review , set to report later this year , is considering how universities in England should be funded .
This includes asking whether there should be any limit on fees - and whether the current maximum of £ 3,225 per year should be lifted .
The influential Russell Group , representing 20 prestigious universities , has now told the review that the only practical way of funding higher education is to have higher charges for students .
There would also be a reduction in the subsidy on student loans , with repayments at more of a commercial rate .
It argues that the fairest and most effective system is to charge the students whose job prospects will have improved by getting a degree .
It wants higher fees to create a " more differentiated market in higher education " , in which the different costs of courses - and potential value to students - would be reflected in the price .
The Russell Group says other alternative sources of funding , such as contributions from business , endowments or philanthropists , will not be sufficient for meeting the financial pressures .
Funding gap
The group says its universities will face a £ 1.1 bn funding gap by 2012 - 13 .
The submission also recognises the political tensions around tuition fees .
The Liberal Democrats campaigned strongly against tuition fees , with party leader Nick Clegg pledging to vote against any rise in fees during the next parliament .
Mr Clegg promised student voters : " Use your vote to block unfair tuition fees and get them scrapped once and for all . "
The secretary of state responsible for universities in the Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition is Vince Cable , who also pledged to vote against raising tuition fees .
He issued a statement in response to the Russell Group 's proposal saying that he would await the outcome of the fees review and might abstain if the outcome was not acceptable .
" We recognise the challenges facing the new coalition government but it must not shy away from addressing this urgent problem , " says the Russell Group 's director general , Wendy Piatt .
The Russell Group argues that tuition fees " have not deterred young people from applying to university " .
And it says that university must remain " free at the point of entry " - with debts repaid after graduation rather than charging up - front .
Commenting on the submission , director general of the Russell Group , Wendy Piatt said : " There is an urgent need to secure additional investment in our universities if they are to remain the world - leading institutions that they are today , and to sustain their vital contribution to this country 's economic success and prosperity .
" All of the beneficiaries of higher education need to share in meeting this challenge , and while every source of income needs to be explored , this submission shows that an increase in graduate contributions is the fairest and only viable option for addressing the funding shortfall . "
The 1994 Group , which represents research - intensive universities , has also called for a reduction in the subsidy on student loans .
Students at Russell Group universities , represented by the Aldwych Group , criticised the call for higher fees .
" The Russell Group has failed completely to put forward any case which suggests that a rise in fees would benefit access to or the quality of education , " said Emmanuel Akpan - Inwang , chair of the Aldwych Group .
Oxford University 's student union president , Stefan Baskerville , said that " any further proposed increase in fees will lead to the political battle of this government 's life " .
Palm pioneered mobile computing and established the smart phone market , but as it struggles to survive in an arena now crowded with giants , the Sunnyvale company 's story is a reminder of how innovation takes you only so far .
Last June , the company tried to regain its footing by launching its new mobile operating system on the Palm Pre smart phone .
The software and hardware garnered favorable reviews , even in the midst of the iPhone 's popularity .
Still , it failed to catch on , which fueled speculation that Palm must find a buyer to stay alive .
Now Palm faces a potential future similar to Silicon Graphics and Sun Microsystems , two Valley computing innovators that were ultimately overtaken by the market .
" Even if you pioneer a space , you have to fundamentally keep reinventing yourself or you run the risk of being taken over by competitive forces especially if the big guys come into your territory , " said Tim Bajarin , president of consultancy at Creative Strategies .
Bloomberg reported recently that Palm has put itself up for sale and has hired Goldman Sachs and Qatalyst Partners to solicit bids .
With its stockpile of $ 590 million in cash dwindling , Palm has perhaps 12 to 18 months to revive its fortunes , said Peter Misek , an analyst with Canaccord Adams .
" There 's always a chance to turn things around but it will be incredibly difficult because you 're facing enormous competitors with a lot of money , " said Misek .
" What is the company going to do to create a situation of sustainability ?
They have n't communicated that to the market yet . "
Palm officials declined to comment for this story .
But the latest earnings report shows a company that has struggled to win broad adoption for its operating system and its phones , the Palm Pre and Pixi .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Firm 's missteps
Palm 's predicament illustrates how big the market has become and highlights some of the missteps the company took in losing its lead .
In 1996 , Palm , then a division of U.S. Robotics , introduced the Palm Pilot , which would dominate the newly formed personal digital assistant market .
Palm 's lead in that market did n't wane until 2005 , after the company started shifting its focus to the Treo smart phone , which came over with its acquisition of Handspring .
The Treo came to the market in 2002 and for several years was the leader in the category , which combined a PDA with a phone .
Cassidy Lackey , a developer whose software company Handmark built its business on the Palm operating system , recalls that from 2003 to 2005 , Treos were ubiquitous among first - class airplane passengers .
Switch to BlackBerrys
But the improvements to the hardware and software slowed , allowing Research in Motion 's BlackBerry and later the iPhone to overtake it .
" By 2006 , 2007 , people started carrying BlackBerrys more than Treos , " said Lackey , vice president of Handmark Mobile App Studios .
" I think Palm kind of rested on its laurels and did n't innovate fast enough . "
Donna Dubinsky , former CEO of Palm , said in a recent interview that the company lost valuable time enduring years of corporate restructuring , which diverted critical resources and attention from product development .
The decision to spin off its operating system into a separate company , only to buy it back later , was also a critical mistake , she said .
More recently , the company tried in 2007 to launch a netbook - like smart phone companion called Foleo , which it canceled three months after its unveiling .
Meanwhile , Palm 's long - awaited new operating system took longer to finish , further hobbling the company .
Bigger companies may have been able to absorb the distractions without too much fallout .
But for Palm , which never posted revenues of more than $ 1.6 billion , the loss of focus took a big toll .
" I think Palm had so much turmoil , it acted as a deterrent from all the stability they needed , " said J. Gerry Purdy , an analyst with MobileTrax .
Tech giants battle
Meanwhile , the smart phone market has become the next battleground for tech giants Google , Microsoft , Apple , Nokia and Research in Motion .
PC makers such as Dell , Lenovo and Acer are also entering the market , which is forecast to grow to 390 million units sold in 2013 .
Under Jon Rubinstein , the former Apple executive who came on as chairman three years ago and became CEO last year , Palm returned to its innovative ways with the user - friendly webOS operating system .
But Palm was not only hurt by the slow rollout of webOS to other carriers , but also dinged for everything from weak battery life on the early Pres to an unpopular advertising campaign .
In the battle for apps , Palm has tallied 2,400 programs , far fewer than the 185,000 apps for the iPhone or the 38,000 apps for Google 's Android .
Palm now has 5.7 percent of the smart phone market , trailing RIM with 41.3 percent and Apple with 25.1 percent , according to ComScore .
' Hit product ' needed
" Palm had to come out with a hit product and get it out quickly , " said Edward Snyder , an analyst with Charter Equity Research .
" They solved the first issue but they could n't get it out quickly enough and their rivals have cut them off at the pass . "
In the quarter ending Feb. 26 , Palm sold 408,000 units .
While Palm launched the Pre exclusively on third - place carrier Sprint and followed up with the smaller Pixi , also on Sprint , expectations of a boost from the Pre Plus and Pixi Plus launch on Verizon on Jan. 25 has n't materialized .
AT&T is also on tap to sell the Palm Pre Plus and Pixi Plus soon , while international distribution is ramping up .
But investors have started losing faith in Palm 's stock , which hit a two - year high of $ 18.09 in October but is now trading around $ 5 a share .
Elevation Partners , the private equity firm that has injected $ 425 million into Palm for a 30 percent stake , continues to believe in Rubinstein , who was picked by Elevation to lead Palm .
" Elevation continues to have a great deal of confidence in the Palm team and continues to believe there is a huge opportunity that lies ahead , " said Paul Kranhold , a spokesman for Elevation .
" They are dealing with shorter term execution issues but they know what the problems are and they 're dealing with them . "
Purdy , the analyst , hopes Palm is ultimately successful , but said that " they can't keep going like this ; they have to do something . "
More by TeaR5932
More by GirlsPorn
More by Mariuss
More by GirlsPorn
More by FTVBabes2015
More by Milf6Clips
More by Jneee1tte
More by GirlsPorn
More by tonyloverd
More by Give Me Pink
More by GirlsPorn
More by tonyloverd
More by frydom1 b
More by GirlsPorn
More by Devon Lee
More by Mariuss
More by evacasting
More by GirlsPorn
More by N0elma00
More by GirlsPorn
Hot busty solo toying her pussy and getting a strong milky orgasm !!
Add to playlist : Login to use this
Advertisement
Content Protection
DMCA Information
Please note this is a Adults only , free porn website .
The terms . boy . and .girl . are used facetiously .
Boysfood.com does not target underage viewers .
Privacy Policy :
Any details you enter into our site will be protected .
We will Never sell or distribute your details to anyone else .
Copyright ( c ) 2005 - 2020 Boysfood.com | info@boysfood.com
All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older
John Michael Greer 's comments :
What would you say , dear reader , if I told you that I ’ve come up with a way to eliminate unemployment in the United States – yes , even in the face of the current economic mess ?
What if I explained that it would also improve the effective standard of living of many American families and decrease their income tax burdens ?
And that it would also increase our economic resilience and sustainability , and simultaneously cause a significant decrease in the amount of automobile traffic on America ’s streets and highways ?
Would you be all for it ?
No , dear reader , you would n’t .
Permit me to explain why .
Right now , many two - income families with children in the United States are caught in a very curious economic bind .
I have n’t been able to find statistics , but I personally know quite a few families for whom the cost of paid child care and one partner ’s costs for commuting , business clothes , and all the other expenses of employment , approaches or even exceeds the take - home pay of one partner .
Factor in the benefits of shifting to a lower tax bracket , and for a great many of these families , becoming a single - income family with one partner staying out of the paid work force would actually result in an increase in disposable income each month .
This is even before factoring in the financial elephant in the living room of the old one - income family : the economic benefits of the household economy .
It ’s only in the last half dozen decades that the home has become nothing more than a center of consumption ; before then , it was a place where real wealth was produced .
It costs a great deal less to buy the raw materials for meals than to pick up something from the supermarket deli on the way home from work , as so many people do these days , or to fill the pantry and the fridge with prepackaged processed food ; it costs a great deal less to buy yarn than to purchase socks and afghans of anything like the quality a good knitter can make ; it costs a great deal less to grow a good fraction of a family ’s vegetables in a backyard garden than to buy them fresh at the grocery , if you can get them at all .
The difference in each case – and examples like this could be multiplied manyfold – is made by the household economy .
Economists like to dismiss the household economy as inefficient , but it ’s worth remembering that “ efficiency ” in current economic jargon is defined as labor efficiency – that is an economic process is considered more efficient if it uses less human labor , no matter how wildly inefficent it is in any other sense .
Economists also like to dismiss the household economy because it lacks economies of scale , and here they ’re on firmer ground .
Still , there ’s another factor that more than counterbalances this ; much of the value of an employee ’s labor – as much , as Marxists like to remind us , as the employer can get away with taking – goes to support his employer , while all of the value produced by labor in the household market remains with the family and is used directly , without being mediated through the money economy .
This is why , until quite recently , at least half the adult members of most families , aside from the urban poor , worked in the household economy instead of the money economy .
It ’s also why a grandparent or two or an unmarried aunt so often found a place in the family setting .
This had very little to do with charity ; an extra pair of hands that could be employed in the household economy was a significant economic asset to most families .
One of the advantages of this , of course , is that elderly people continued to have a valued and productive role in their families and communities , instead of being paid to go away and do nothing until they die , as so many of them are today .
None of these things are any less possible today than they were in the 1920s , or for that matter the 1820s .
As a former househusband , I can say this on the basis of personal experience ; my wife and I found that we had a better standard of living on her bookkeeper ’s salary alone , with a thriving full time household economy , than we had earlier on two salaries with only the scraps of a household economy the two of us could manage after work and commuting .
I came in for a certain amount of derision for making that choice , of course , though it ’s only fair to say that I got off very lightly in comparison to the abuse leveled , mostly by women , at those women I knew who made a similar decision .
Now of course that touches on one of the most volatile issues touching on the household economy , the politics of gender .
For complex cultural reasons , a great many feminists in the 1960s and 1970s came to believe that working for one ’s family in the household economy was a form of slavery , while working for an employer in the money economy – often under conditions that were even more exploitative – was a form of liberation .
Now it ’s certainly true that assigning people to participation in the household economy by gender was unfair , but it ’s equally true that assigning them to participation in the money economy on the same basis was no better ; for every woman whose talents were wasted in a housewife ’s role , there was arguably a man whose life would have been much happier and more productive had he had the option of working full time in the household economy .
Feminism might usefully have challenged the relative social status assigned to the household and money economies , and pressed for a revaluation of work and gender that could have thrown open a much broader field of possibilities to people of both genders ; and in fact some thoughtful steps were taken in this direction by a few perceptive thinkers in the movement .
In general , though , that turned out to be the road not taken .
Instead , the great majority of women simply accepted the social value given to participation in the money economy , demanded access to it for themselves , and got it .
In the process , for most Americans , the household economy collapsed , or survived only as a dowdy sort of hobby practiced by the insufficiently fashionable .
Let ’s grant at the outset , therefore , that there ’s no particular reason why people of one gender ought to be more active in the household economy than people of the other ; let ’s assume that a great many men will make the choice I did , and work full time in the household economy while the women in their lives work full time for a paycheck .
On that basis , is there a point to two - income families shifting gears and becoming families that combine one cash income with a productive household economy ?
Of course there is , and now more than ever .
To begin with , as already mentioned , a significant number of families with children would gain an immediate boost in their disposable income each month by taking the kids home from daycare , giving up the second commute ( and in some cases , the second car as well ) , dropping the other expenses that come with paid employment , and taking a wild downhill ride through the income tax brackets .
A great many more would find that when these benefits are combined with the real wealth produced by the household economy , they came out well ahead .
Even those who simply broke even would be likely to find that differences in quality , though hard to measure in strictly economic terms , would make the change more than worthwhile .
Now take a moment to think of the effects on community and society .
Take a significant amount of the workforce out of paid employment , and two things happen : first , unemployment rates go down , and second , competition among employers for the remaining workers tends to drive wages up .
Some sectors of the economy would be negatively affected , to be sure ; sales of convenience foods would decrease , and so would employment in the day care industry , among others ; still , these industries would be affected by the contraction in workforce numbers along with all the others , and those employees who needed to find a job elsewhere would be entering a job market where their chances would be much better than they are at present .
There would need to be some adjustments , especially to retirement arrangements , but those are going to have to happen fairly soon anyway .
Finally , factor in the impact of such a change on the resilience and sustainability of society .
A nation in which a very large fraction of the workforce is insulated from the money economy , and produces a diverse array of goods and services at home for local consumption using relatively simple tools , is a nation that ’s much better prepared to face the economic turmoil of the end of the age of cheap oil than a nation where nearly everyone depends for their income , as well as for the goods and services they use every day , on the global economy .
A nation in which , let ’s say , 30 % fewer people have to drive to work than they do today is much better prepared to face the price spikes and shortages that will almost inevitably affect gasoline and other petroleum products in the years to come .
A nation in which doing things for yourself again has a recognized social value is much better prepared for a future in which we will have to do much more for ourselves than most people can imagine just now .
So when can we expect the return of the single - income family to become an element of constructive plans for the post - peak future ?
When will Transition Town programs , let ’s say , match up the experienced elderly with novice househusbands and housewives who want to learn how to cook , sew , can , garden , and knit ?
When will high - profile liberal couples start throwing parties to announce that one member of the pair is quitting paid employment , so that the poor have an easier job market and a better chance at upward mobility ?
When will people aggressively lobby their congressflacks to get a sizable income tax deduction and special Social Security arrangements for families with one income ?
Let ’s just say I ’m not going to hold my breath .
In fact , dear reader , I ’m quite confident that even if you belong to that large group of married couples with children who could increase your disposable income by giving up that second job , you wo n’t do it ; in fact , you wo n’t even run the numbers to see whether it would work for you – and the reason you wo n’t is that you ’re so mesmerized by that monthly check of $ 2000 a month take - home , or whatever it happens to be , that you ca n’t imagine giving it up even if you have to spend $ 2200 a month to get it .
That is to say , dear reader , that if you do n’t think in terms of whole systems , the fact that the system costs of that second job might just outweigh the benefits will be as incomprehensible to you as a computer would have been to a medieval peasant .
The extraordinary blindness to whole systems that pervades our collective consciousness these days is a fairly recent thing – as recently as the 1970s , talk about system costs got far fewer blank stares and non sequiturs than it does today – and I doubt it will last long in historical terms , if only because the hard edge of Darwinian selection separates adaptive cultural forms from maladaptive ones with the same ruthlessness it applies to genetics .
While it remains in place , it will likely cause a great deal of damage , but that in itself will tend to accelerate its replacement with some less dysfunctional habit of thought .
Ironically , the Theodore Roethke poem with which I started this post offers a cogent reminder of that .
It begins :
I wake to sleep , and take my waking slow .
I feel my fate in what I cannot fear .
I learn by going where I have to go .
We will all , I think , learn a great deal by going where we have to go during the lean and challenging years to come .
The hope that we might manage to learn a thing or two in advance of that journey is understandable enough , and the thing has happened now and then in history ; still , for reasons already discussed , that hope seems very frail to me just now .
Three men were killed and a fourth was wounded in a drive - by shooting Thursday night in North Richmond , the deadliest single incident in the unincorporated community since the 1990s , authorities said Friday .
Lawrence Gadlin , 23 , of Berkeley , Gerald Jackson Jr. , 34 , of Richmond and Tony Albert , 51 , of North Richmond died after they were shot by at least two gunmen in a minivan on the 1700 block of Truman Street at about 9 p.m.
Thursday , said Capt .
Steve Warne of the Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Office , which patrols North Richmond .
Gadlin and Albert were pronounced dead at the scene , and Jackson died at Doctors Medical Center in San Pablo .
The fourth victim , whose name was not released , was treated at John Muir Medical Center in Walnut Creek and released .
On Friday morning , a young man who several people on the block said was the surviving victim stood outside a house at the shooting scene talking with a half - dozen other men , but refused to comment .
He had been shot in the left side , neighbors said .
The four shooting victims were working on a car when at least two people in a red minivan with tinted windows unleashed a fusillade at them , Warne said .
He declined to discuss the type of guns used .
No arrests have been made , but authorities found what they believe was the shooters ' minivan Friday morning in Richmond , Warne said .
The killings may have been gang - related , Warne said , although investigators do not know if the victims were associated with a gang or were simply targeted at random by gang members .
The shootings happened on a block of weather - beaten bungalows .
On one side of the street , a green minivan had one passenger - side window and the back window shot out , and on the other was a beige house with four fresh bullet holes in the garage door .
Residents nervously peered through their windows as two groups of a half - dozen young men milled around near the garage and the shot - up van .
When asked to comment , the men either asked for money or angrily rebuffed questions .
" We heard 10 shots , bam - bam - bam , and when I ran out I saw three people lying face down in the street , " said Nancy Villanueva , 19 , who lives near the scene .
" About 20 , 30 people were running away , and the fourth guy who was shot but was n't dead was lying on his stomach looking like he was praying . "
Asked if there were gangs on the street , Villanueva said , " I know they 're in town , but sometimes it 's better not to ask . "
She said there had been two shootings in nearby blocks in the past three months , " but this street 's not so bad . "
A few houses away , three members of the Suns of Light Grand Masonic Lodge gazed at the bullet - riddled van and shook their heads .
They were there refurbishing their lodge meeting house , with the hopes of launching after - school programs for youngsters in the area .
" What we need around here is more positive things for young people to do , " said Cecil Booker , the lodge 's grand junior warden .
" You want a prime example of why , it 's right there " - and he pointed at the van .
Warne said the shooting may have been in retaliation for an incident Thursday morning in North Richmond in which shots were fired but no one was hurt .
" The last time we had an event of this magnitude was in the late 1990s , when we investigated a quadruple homicide , " Warne said .
" Most recently , it seems like the violence had started to subside in the area .
But yesterday 's incident is an indication of , you know , possibly not , so we 're concerned about that . "
Organizing a booksigning ?
You might want to include a beefed - up security detail – if the book is a political tome .
Earlier this week , for the second time on his book tour , former White House adviser Karl Rove was faced by an antiwar activist determined to arrest him for " war crimes . "
Rove and activist group Code Pink cofounder Jodie Evans first met last month in Beverly Hills , Calif. , when Evans confronted Rove in the theater where he had planned to take questions about and autograph copies of his memoir , " Courage and Consequence . "
In that encounter , Evans approached Rove with handcuffs , announcing that she was performing a citizen 's arrest .
The incident rattled Rove enough that he did not stay behind to sign any books .
Then , this week in a Las Vegas bookstore , Evans approached Rove again .
She had waited in line with a copy of his book , along with other autograph seekers .
When she reached the head of the line , however , she again announced that she intended to arrest Rove .
When she pulled handcuffs from her sleeves , however , Rove recognized her and let nearby security officers know that she was the same woman who had approached him in Beverly Hills .
Evans was rapidly escorted from the store .
Rove is not the first author to find himself on the receiving end of expressions of political discontent while on book tour .
Last year a protester tossed tomatoes at Sarah Palin during her appearance at a Minnesota book tour .
( The tomatoes hit a nearby police officer and missed Palin altogether . )
Rove 's book tour schedule , however , will not be altered .
He is expected spend this weekend meeting readers and signing books in two Colorado bookstores .
Presumably , a security detail will be ready and waiting should Evans ( who appeared dressed in pink in both Beverly Hills and Las Vegas ) or other Code Pink members be on hand to greet him .
Marjorie Kehe is the Monitor 's book editor .
Do political figures need extra security while on book tour ?
Join the Monitor 's book discussion on Facebook and Twitter .
Last year , we launched the Salvemos Punta Conejo campaign and have been working diligently ever since .
We know that once a natural phenomenon like Punta Conejo is altered by industry , it is forever lost .
We wo n’t let this gem go down without a fight .
About us | Contact us
All rights are reserved to Deyar Online Store 2009
All pictures and designs of embroidery are copyrighted to Deyar Embroidery
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the remains of a medieval synagogue underneath a kebab shop in Northamptonshire .
" Substantial " masonry walls , thought to be many hundreds of years old , were detected using ground - penetrating radar in Sheep Street , Northampton .
The National Anglo Jewish Heritage Trail ( JTrails ) said a structure , possibly a staircase , was also found .
The masonry walls are directly under the cellar walls of Kebabish take - away .
A " There definitely is a God " poster displayed on buses triggered more complaints than any other in 2009 and the third highest of all time , according to Advertising Standards Authority figures published today .
The battle over whether God exists helped cause a 10 % increase in complaints to the regulator , to almost 30,000 .
The Christian Party 's poster was a riposte to the British Humanist Association 's ad insisting " There is probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life " .
The ASA did not investigate , on the grounds that political party ads are outside its remit , though it had 1,204 complaints asserting that the existence of a divine being was offensive to atheists , and in any case could not be proven .
The ASA also did not investigate the atheists ' bus ad , though it was the sixth in the list of most complained about .
In all , there was a 36 % rise in complaints of offensiveness , to near 12,000 .
At the other end of the spectrum , billboards asking " Want Longer Lasting Sex ? " to sell a nasal spray , brought 500 complaints .
Thanks in part to these bus campaigns using buses , the advertising medium of transport as a medium for display saw a 267 % year - on - year increase in complaints to the ASA .
Complaints about billboards , which also covers posters on buses , saw a 100 % year - on - year increase .
Overall the ASA , which regulates advertising across television , the internet , radio and print , said that it was just a couple of campaigns that skewed some of the complaints figures in its annual report for 2009 .
While the total number of complaints was up 9.6 % to a record 28,978 , the number of ads complained about actually dropped by more than 10 % year - on - year to 13,956 .
And the number of formal upheld rulings , where the ASA ordered an ad to be changed or withdrawn , also fell slightly year - on - year to 2,397 .
The ASA has today banned a Eurotunnel claim in an email promotion that its service to take cars through the tunnel by train takes just 35 minutes and runs " whatever the weather " .
A complainant was stranded several hours at a Eurotunnel check - in during the chaos caused by snow in December .
Eurotunnel 's response to the ASA said a " reasonable " consumer would not take an " absolute view " of " whatever the weather " , and the " fluffy snow " blamed for causing trains to stall and block the tunnel should be seen as comparable to a " hurricane or tsunami … as it was so unusual " , and the delay would not recur .
The ASA said the comparison was invalid , and a recurrence could not be ruled out .
Last year complaints about alcohol advertising , which had seen a 44 % increase in 2008 , plummeted by almost 50 % last year .
A media focus on airbrushing in health and beauty ads , a cause championed by the Liberal Democrat MP Jo Swinson who pushed for the banning of an Olay ad featuring Twiggy , saw a 52 % increase in complaints about campaigns in the sector .
The number of complaints about ads on television , the most complained about medium , rose 17 % last year .
However the number of ads actually complained about fell 3 % .
The internet remained the second most complained about medium , attracting 3,546 complaints about 2,823 ads .
However , the ASA said that 57 % of the ads complained about fall outside its remit , which does not cover marketing claims companies make on their own websites , meaning the watchdog cannot look into them .
In 2008 the ASA was confronted with a surge in complaints about violence in advertising , mainly due to the content of ads promoting films and videogames , which the watchdog says it successfully worked with advertisers to reduce last year .
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
2 Artisan of Kozilek ( MYS1 ) 2 1 Awakening Zone ( 2XM ) 153 2 Broodwarden ( ROE ) 3 Dreamstone Hedron ( JMP ) 464 2 Emrakul , the Aeons Torn ( MM2 ) 3 1 Everflowing Chalice ( 2XM ) 254 17 Forest ( ZNR ) 278 3 Growth Spasm ( ROE ) 4 Heat Ray ( IMA ) 148 3 Kozilek 's Predator ( 2XM ) 173 2 Kozilek , Butcher of Truth ( MM2 ) 5 7 Mountain ( ZNR ) 275 2 Not of This World ( ROE ) 8 2 Ogre Sentry ( CN2 ) 4 Overgrown Battlement ( JMP ) 417 2 Rapacious One ( CMD ) 2 Skittering Invasion ( ROE ) 2 Ulamog 's Crusher ( MM2 ) 7 2 Gravity Well ( ROE )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
Donde se dan ambas , los cárteles de la droga han implantado su ley de violencia y muerte
En algunas regiones el poder financiero y de intimidación de la delincuencia organizada detonó la inseguridad , afirma el funcionario durante la 23 Conferencia Nacional de Procuración de Justicia
Westvleteren Abt 12
This Trappist beer is available only at the source and there are strict limits as to how much one can purchase .
The monks only make enough to run the monastery .
Its difficulty to obtain aside ( but not discounted ) , " Westy " 12 is widely considered one of the best in the world , and is often aged for several years .
Barking up the wrong tree :
So why do n’t men wear high heels ?
Obviously the immediate reason is to avoid looking like women , since women wear them .
But there are all sorts of things that both men and women do without men becoming sullied by girliness ( for instance wearing high heels at other times in history ) .
And why did n’t men get in first and claim high heels for manliness , if they should benefit from it so much ?
We would be puzzled if in another culture men were the only ones with push up bras , because push up bras were too manly for women to wear .
Even with the danger of looking like a girl in proper high heels , is n’t there a temptation to get men ’s shoes with a tiny bit higher heel than usual ?
Maybe just $ 10,00 worth of income ’s heel ?
Presumably there is some heel increase that would n’t stand out as effeminate .
And when that ’s commonplace , would n’t it be tempting to add a tiny bit more ?
If height is such an advantage to men , and the danger of girliness should n’t stop a gradual increase , what ’s the barrier ?
Note : I removed the possibility of trackbacks to this post because it was receiving more filter evading spam than I could be bothered looking at .
The economic crisis could be entering a “ new phase ” with rising public debt threatening to undermine the stability of the global financial system , the International Monetary Fund warned Tuesday .
In a biannual report on economic stability , the IMF said the latest challenge to the world ’s rocky financial system came as banks were regaining their footing amid the nascent global recovery .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Risks to global financial stability have eased as the economic recovery has gained steam , but concerns about advanced country sovereign risks could undermine stability gains and prolong the collapse of credit , ” the report said .
“ Without more fully restoring the health of financial and household balance sheets , a worsening of public debt sustainability could be transmitted back to banking systems or across borders . ”
In its Global Financial Stability Report , the IMF scaled back its estimate of bank writedowns since the start of the crisis through 2010 to 2.3 trillion dollars , from 2.8 trillion in October .
The fund also estimated that banks had already written off 1.5 trillion dollars of the 2.3 trillion .
Sovereign debt grew sharply with the economic crisis , as many governments not only had to bail out ailing banks , but also pay for rising unemployment benefits and economic stimulus programs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Greece was brought to the brink of bankruptcy in recent weeks , forcing the government to increase taxes and cut spending to shrink state debt , while concerns linger over the level of debt in leading economies like Britain , Japan and the United States .
The IMF said that while the world had avoided a full - blown depression , “ risks remain elevated due to the still - fragile nature of the recovery and the ongoing repair of balance sheets .
“ Attention has shifted toward sovereign risks that could undermine stability gains and take the credit crisis into a new phase , as we begin to reach the limits of public sector support for the financial system and the real economy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The fund warned that longer - term concerns about solvency could result in short - term strains on funding markets , which “ may have negative implications for a recovery of private credit . ”
“ Even though capital needs have fallen , banks still face considerable challenges , ” it said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Banks will need to refinance a large amount of short - term funding this year ; investors will want to see more and higher - quality capital in anticipation of tougher regulation , and not all losses have been written down , it said .
“ All of these factors are likely to put downward pressure on profitability , ” the report said .
“ In such an environment , the recovery of private sector credit is likely to be subdued as credit demand is weak and supply is constrained . ”
It said “ the most daunting challenge ” facing governments in the near - term is putting in place credible , medium - terms plans for bringing their budget deficits under control .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report called for “ transparent ” fiscal consolidation plans and structural reforms that enhance growth in order to shore up public confidence .
It said “ contingency measures should be in place if the degradation of public finances is greater than expected . ”
“ Further efforts to address a number of weak banks are still necessary to ensure a smooth exit from the extraordinary central bank support of funding and liquidity .
“ The key will be for policymakers to ensure fair competition consistent with a well - functioning and safe banking system , ” it said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The IMF also urged expeditious movement on bank regulatory reform , noting that there were still questions about the magnitude of the reforms and how they will deal with the issue of “ too - big - to - fail ” banks .
“ Resolving the present regulatory uncertainty will help financial institutions better plan and adapt their business strategies , ” it said , cautioning that reforms must strike “ the right balance ” between ensuring safety and allowing room for innovation and efficiency .
President Barack Obama is stepping up pressure on Congress to pass the biggest overhaul of the US regulatory system since the 1930s and a preliminary vote on beginning debate in the Senate is expected as early as this week .
Featured Title Effective C++: 55 Specific Ways to Improve Your Programs and Designs
| The first five questions were submitted by Brad from Gilbert , AZ :
1 . What do you see as the future of C++ , and where will it fit in the future of computer science ?
I view C++ as the language of choice for what I call " demanding systems applications . "
Such applications face one or more constraints that are difficult to meet .
Often , the constraint is on performance ( e.g. , the software must be as fast as possible ) , sometimes it's on space ( e.g. , it must fit within limited memory ) , sometimes it's on control ( e.g. , the application must communicate directly with hardware ) .
Such applications have traditionally been the domain of C , but I think that C++ will continue to gain ground here .
Industries where such applications are common include embedded systems , games , financial analysis , and simulations .
For many applications in such industries , reducing program runtime is more important than reducing programmer development time ( though that is important , too ) , so C++ has an edge over " productivity languages " like Java and C# .
As for C++'s role in computer science , I think that C++ will continue to be an important testbed for ideas in multiparadigm programming and in template metaprogramming and related technologies ( e.g. , expression templates ) .
2 . What language would you recommend be used to teach programming to new CS students ?
My language expertise is limited to C++ , and I do n't really know enough about the pros and cons of competing languages to make an informed evaluation .
Having said that , my feeling is that a first language should foster a feeling of power and accomplishment out of the box — it should get people excited about the limitless things that can be accomplished in software .
Among other things , such a language would offer an extensive and powerful library , so that complex tasks such as navigating the internet or putting up GUIs would be easily accomplished .
Candidate languages that come to mind would be Java , C# , and Python .
Neither C nor C++ offers sufficiently powerful libraries to be good candidates for a first language , in my opinion .
When it comes to systems programming , they 're great ( C++ is greater :- } ) , but I do n't think that introducing programming through systems applications is the best approach for the majority of new students .
Books on Related Subjects C++
Object - Oriented
Software Development
Visual C++
Best Sellers
New Releases
3 . Every language has its flaws .
What are the three things you dislike most strongly in C ++?
I 'd like to answer this question with " complexity , complexity , complexity ! " , but naming the same thing three times is cheating .
Still , I think that C++'s greatest weakness is complexity .
For almost every rule in C++ , there are exceptions , and often there are exceptions to the exceptions .
For example , const objects can't be modified , unless you cast away their constness , in which case they can , unless they were originally defined to be const , in which case the attempted modifications yield undefined behavior .
As another example , names in base classes are visible in derived classes , unless the base class is instantiated from a template , in which case they 're not , unless the derived class has employed a using declaration for them , in which case they are .
Such complexity affects more than just people who write programs in C ++.
It also affects people who want to write tools that analyze C++ programs .
One of the reasons why there is a relative dearth of tools such as refactoring browsers for C++ is that C++ is just so darned complicated .
A related aspect of C++ I dislike has to do with what I perceive to be an attitude on the part of the standardization committee that such complexity is not a problem .
I suspect that many members of the committee would object to my characterizing their attitude that way , but I 'm talking only about my perception of their attitude .
I know that the people on the committee work hard to make C++ as good as it can be .
I also know that there are proposals before the committee whose goal is to simplify C++.
Still , my impression is that the committee as a whole is unsympathetic to arguments that C++ has become too complex , and I find that frustrating .
The third weakness of C++ I 'd list is one I mentioned above : its standard library is comparatively limited .
I often say that the " hello world " program for authors approaching a new language is one that goes to Amazon , looks up the sales rank of one or more books they wrote , then graphs the sales ranks over time .
This is easy to do with C# and Java , because they have libraries that make grabbing URLs and producing graphs easy .
In C++ , it 's a lot harder , because such library functionality is missing .
4 . A lot of CS work is being done on the web now ; how does C++ fit into web development ?
Because I believe that C++ is the language of choice for demanding systems applications , I 'd expect that in the web realm , C++ would be a good fit for web servers , database query optimizers , even runtime program optimizers .
I can't help but take some satisfaction in knowing that the hotspot JVM is largely written in C++ :-)
5 . What 's your dream ?
My dream is not having to work for a living , but that 's a pretty common dream , so I 'll pick one that is probably less familiar .
As a user , my experience with commercial software and commercial software companies is not very satisfactory .
I find that many programs have what I consider to be serious problems in usability , functionality , or robustness , and that the companies that make the programs demonstrate little interest in addressing these shortcomings .
My dream is for a revolution in the quality of end - user software to rival the revolution in the quality of automobiles that took place in the 1970s when Japanese automobiles began to make serious inroads into the American market .
I think that there has already been something of a revolution of this nature in the server environment , thanks to the challenge mounted by Linux , and I hope that an analogous revolution takes root on the desktop .
However , the revolution has to take place in more than just the software itself .
The companies behind the software have to change , too .
As long as we have to make long - distance phone calls for technical support to software companies that put us on hold and play recordings telling us how important our calls are while simultaneously doing everything they can to avoid having a human being talk to us , my dream remains unfulfilled .
The following five questions were submitted by Vainstein from California :
0 . Do you see C++ ever getting simpler ?
Dropping features , prohibiting co-use of certain features , etc . ?
I do n't think there is any practical way that C++ can get meaningfully simpler .
Any change to the rules of C++ that is not backwards - compatible will face tremendous resistance in the standardization committee , and I think this is proper : it 's bad policy to make changes that break programs that are currently legal , and it 's even worse for the semantics of legal programs to be modified , i.e. , for " silent " changes to be foisted on developers .
Even if the committee decided to deprecate some language features , the process would take years , and there would be significant pressure on vendors to continue to support the deprecated features , anyway .
After all , a vendor who removes a feature can only irritate existing customers , whereas leaving the feature intact and possibly issuing an optional warning allows them to follow the letter of the law without enforcing its spirit .
As I mentioned above , there are some proposals before the committee to simplify what I call " little things , " ( e.g. , automatically declaring a destructor virtual in a base class if the class already has virtual functions ) , but such changes are window dressing .
There 's no practical way to simplify the more fundamental issues I mentioned above ( e.g. , when const means const and when base class names are inherited in derived classes ) .
C++ was n't designed to be simple , and I do n't see any practical way to retrofit simplicity onto it now .
1 . Do you think C++ compilers could evolve to give errors if a programmer does stuff like return a reference from a function ?
They clearly could , the question is whether they will .
I 've spent a number of years studying static analysis , and I 've concluded that compiler writers view their job as generating good object code from valid source code .
Along the way , they may issue warnings , but issuing warnings is n't really their purpose , and they do it with some reluctance .
After all , they know that some clients require warning - free compilations , and they also know that in real programs , it 's sometimes necessary to bend or break the rules of good programming in order to get the job done .
This means that every additional warning they offer may make somebody 's job harder , so they tend to be conservative with what they warn about .
People who want more extensive static analysis can often turn on compiler warnings that are disabled by default , but if you want really good static analysis , you want an independent lint - like tool that does nothing but look for suspicious coding constructs .
Several vendors offer such tools for C++.
2 . What do you think of Java ?
For me , one of the best things in Java is separate mechanisms for subclassing and for subtyping — do you think this would be helpful in C ++?
I do n't have any general comments about Java , because I do n't really know it .
( For the most part , my knowledge of Java and C# is as deltas from C ++. )
As for subclassing vs. subtyping , I assume you 're referring to inheritance vs. interfaces , and I have n't seen any groundswell of support for adding interfaces to C++.
Essentially the same behavior can be achieved with the disciplined use of abstract base classes , and I expect it'd be a hard sell to convince the C++ community that they need another inheritance - like mechanism .
I have seen some people arguing for such a feature , but , as far as I know , it 's not on the list of features likely to be seriously considered for the next version of C ++.
However , it 's my understanding that Microsoft 's .
NET version of C++ ( C++/CLI ) supports interfaces , though , again , I have no reason to believe that this feature will be added to standard C++.
3 . What would you have to say to battle - worn industry managers who forbid use of any C++ features except the single - line comment ?
I guess I 'd point out that that means they 're programming C , then I 'd ask them if they 're sure that 's really the best language for their applications in 2005 .
If they said yes , I 'd leave it at that , but if they hesitated , I 'd ask them how long ago their C++ battles took place .
Many people think that C++ and C++ compilers have n't changed in a decade , but they 've actually changed quite a bit .
Many battle - worn managers owe it to themselves to take a fresh look at C ++.
4 . Do you plan to get into anything beside C++ , yourself ?
In terms of software , I 've been into other things for quite some time .
A few years ago , I started work on what I call " The Keyhole Problem , " which is an examination of the problems that arise in software from the inappropriate use of constraints .
Work on that project has been on the back burner during preparation of the third edition of Effective C++ , but I encourage people to take a look at the web site for the keyhole problem , http://www.aristeia.com/TKP/index.htm.
My overarching interest is in ways to improve software quality , regardless of the domain of the application , the language in which it 's written , the platform on which it runs , or the users it is intended to serve .
The keyhole problem is one reflection of this interest , but so is my work in C++ , because it 's all about how to improve the quality of the software you write .
Recently , I 've been trying to identify methods and practices that yield better software across the board .
The primary result so far is a one - day seminar I give on the topic ( cf. http://www.aristeia.com/betterSoftware_frames.html), but there 's also a short article on part of that material ( http://www.aristeia.com/Papers/IEEE_Software_JulAug_2004.pdf).
Last year Andrei Alexandrescu and I co-authored an article in Dr. Dobbs Journal on how the possibility of compiler and hardware optimizations can affect the correctness of multithreaded C++ programs ( cf. http://www.aristeia.com/Papers/DDJ_Jul_Aug_2004.pdf).
Next - generation hardware architectures will place a much greater emphasis on multithreading to achieve high performance , so I 've become interested in threading issues .
It would not be hard to imagine writing a book on this topic , but that 's one of the problems with being an author : after a while , everything looks like a book opportunity :-)
I 've also been threatening for nearly a decade to write a book that my parents can understand — something nontechnical .
I 'd really like to do that , and in fact I hope to start this year .
However , I always have much more to do than time in which to do it , so there 's no telling what I 'll get done in the next few months .
However , it 's fair to say that it will encompass more than just C++ stuff .
2012 was the year “ Gangnam style ” took the world by storm , and the Encyclopaedia Britannica stopped printing their yearly additions .
It was also the last time the European smart shop giant , Zamnesia , updated their website .
While some design choices are timeless , the team at Zamnesia have taken the years since to reflect on the website …
Share this post !
BOEHNER TAKES CREDIT FOR DEMOCRATIC HEALTH CARE ADVANCES ….
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) spoke to NPR ’s Steve Inskeep this morning , and twice said Republicans would repeal the Affordable Care Act if given congressional majorities next year .
( thanks to reader A.D. )
It led to an interesting exchange :
INSKEEP : As you know , Democrats are already pointing to things that are changing in America because of this bill .
They will point to the fact that college seniors , who would have been kicked off their families ’ insurance plans when they graduated , will get to stay on .
Insurance companies are now saying they ’re going to end the practice of “ rescission , ” where they take , or at least modify …
BOEHNER : Both of those ideas , by the way , came from Republicans , and are part of the common sense ideas that we ought to have in the law .
INSKEEP : Well , are you going to repeal those two specific things ?
BOEHNER
Uh , what I want to repeal are the other 158 mandates , commissions , boards that set up all the infrastructure for the government to take control of our health care system .
[ emphasis added ]
We ’ve seen a few instances lately in which Republican lawmakers try to take credit for provisions in the Affordable Care
Act that they fought like hell to kill .
But Boehner is being especially shameless here .
He is , after all , the one who characterized the new law as “ Armageddon . ”
I guess the new line will need some caveats : “ It ’s Armageddon … except for those popular parts , which Republicans should get credit for , even though we voted against them . ”
Note to Republicans : if the Affordable Care Act is an evil assault on America , moms , and apple pie , which will end the world as we know it , and which you fight until your last breath to destroy , you do n’t get to take credit for its provisions , especially when you did n’t really come up with them in the first place .
Also note that Boehner believes the law sets up “ the infrastructure ” for a government - takeover of the health care system .
What an interesting way to put it .
I guess the Democrats ’ system is n’t a government - takeover , but has the capacity to be a government - takeover at some point in the future , maybe .
After all this time , can John Boehner speak intelligently about health care policy ?
Hell no he can’t .
Update : Ryan Rudominer , the DCCC ’s national press secretary , responds : “ Once again House Republican Leader Boehner displays no respect for the truth as he sits on the sidelines rooting for failure and then tries claims credit for House Democrats accomplishments .
Boehner is a shameless political opportunist whose double speak and phony talking points are as real as his fake orange tan . ”
Four Lions follows four men plotting to kill thousands at the London Marathon Some families who lost relatives in the 2005 London bomb attacks are appealing to cinemas not to show a British comedy about four aspiring suicide bombers .
Four Lions , created by satirist Chris Morris , focuses on four men travelling to London to target the marathon .
Graham Foulkes , whose son was among the 52 killed on 7 July 2005 , said that , with the tragedy still raw , the film was too closely aligned to real events .
The film 's producers said they " did not seek to cause any offence " .
' Very specific ' Mr Foulkes , whose 22 - year - old son David was on the Tube train targeted at Edgware Road , told BBC Radio 5 live that parody and satire had a part to play in examining serious issues " But here , what he 's done , he 's taken a specific attack , " he said .
He said the film was about " four lads from the north , all with strong Yorkshire accents - and the bombers were from Yorkshire - travelling down to London " .
It 's very aligned to what happened in 2005 and they talk about bombing in London .
That 's not parodying or being satire about terrorists
Graham Foulkes
" It 's very specific .
It 's very aligned to what happened in 2005 and they talk about bombing in London .
" That 's not parodying or being satire about terrorists .
It 's making money about a specific attack . "
Mr Foulkes , who said he had watched clips of Four Lions online , said he and other relatives of victims were calling on cinemas to boycott the British - funded film .
Makers Warp Films said in a statement : " The film does not mock or trivialise the suffering caused by bombings .
" We sympathise with those affected by the events of 7 July and did not seek to cause them any offence . "
Chris Morris , who was also behind the controversial Channel 4 series Brass Eye , says the film shows " the Dad 's Army side to terrorism " , as four incompetent jihadists plan an attack .
The think - tank Demos said by ridiculing the aims of terrorists , the film was a " critical weapon in the fight against terrorism " .
' Denting brand ' Jamie Bartlett , author of The Edge of Violence , said it was " understandable " if families of victims of 7/7 were offended , but the film had a " very serious point at the heart of it " .
" Many homegrown terrorists are not far removed from the film 's characters : incompetent , narcissistic , irreligious .
A film like this is obviously a very strong counterpoint to the very serious side of it , which none of us condone
Arsher Ali , actor " It is important that they are seen as such - as it can play a role in denting the brand of al - Qaeda .
Satire has long been recognised as a powerful tool to do this , " she said .
In January when the film was premiered , Arsher Ali , who plays one of the would - be terrorists , told the BBC the film was first and foremost a comedy .
" It 's a dynamic of a bunch of guys who get together and mess everything up .
" Terrorism is in the news almost every day , but there are little stories within those things that are inherently comic and inherently human .
" A film like this is obviously a very strong counterpoint to the very serious side of it , which none of us condone , but there are human stories that need to be told , which can be quite touching . "
Last week , many of the relatives ' families attended a pre-inquest hearing .
The full inquests are due to be held in October .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I feel patronised .
I have just been listening to another smug band of studio commentators down in London agreeing that the likes of me could n't possibly be voting for the Lib Dems for any other reason than because I have been dazzled by the boyish charm of Nick Clegg .
Now , I will admit that I would rather be watching Glee or Over the Rainbow than listening to political point scoring ( those shows have something positive to say about the world ) .
But I recognise my civic duty and I have been paying attention .
I have been persuaded to vote Lib Dem because their policies strike me as driven by pragmatism rather than dogma .
I am with that questioner who asked the politicians during the final leader 's debate : " Why do n't you remember that you are here to serve us ? "
( Rather than your party , I would add ) .
I do n't want to see Britain joining the euro .
However , I have been listening hard and I have heard the Lib Dems say again , and again , that they would have us join the euro only if economic conditions were right ; and even then only if the Great British electorate could be persuaded to vote to that currency in a referendum .
So that 's all right then .
I do n't think Britain can prosper in glorious isolation from Europe .
We can't act like some socially challenged teenager , hanging on the edge of the party trying to be cool .
We need friends .
To me it is a plus that Nick Clegg can speak a handful of our neighbours ' languages , that he is diplomatic and has experience of negotiating Brussels .
On immigration , the Lib Dem amnesty proposal to give illegal immigrants who have been living and working here over ten years , who speak English and have no criminal record , the chance to acquire British citizenship , seems sensible enough to me .
I would rather see such people as taxpayers and citizens than outlaws at the prey of criminal gangs .
I am against criminal gangs and I do not see why they should be handed such a profitable power - base for their crimes .
On the economy , I took note of that recent report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies that said that , although the declared measures of all the three main parties fell woefully short of what will be needed to repair our country 's massive deficits , the Lib Dem 's proposals were marginally better than those of either Labour or the Conservatives .
In addition , I am utterly convinced of the need for voting reform .
And listening to the Reds and Blues I see no hope of a meaningful reform of the present , startlingly unjust system , without the intervention of the Lib Dems .
Besides , in our constituency , the Lib Dem candidate is the only one who has said that he will fight for the preservation of post offices and defend the Royal Mail from privatisation – and that , I think , is really important .
So I am not voting because of X Factor politics .
The television , perhaps , was involved , because for once I had the opportunity to hear extended pitches from the three main parties uncut and without comment , in my own home , where there was enough peace and quiet to think about it .
But I have thought and I have paid attention and I do n't think my choice deserves to be dismissed and patronised as if I had n't .
Plane crash in Libya ' kills more than 100 '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A passenger plane has crashed in Libya , killing more than 100 people on board , officials in the capital Tripoli say .
The Airbus A330 crashed on landing at Tripoli airport after a flight from Johannesburg , Afriqiyah Airways said .
Sixty - one Dutch nationals were among those killed , the Dutch tourism board said .
A Dutch child was the sole known survivor , the Libyans say .
Officials say people from at least 10 countries were on the flight .
The 11 crew were said to be Libyan .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Libyan Transport Minister Mohammed Ali Zidan confirmed that victims included nationals from the Netherlands , Libya , Britain , Germany , Finland , Zimbabwe , the Philippines , South Africa and France , although he had no exact numbers .
The British Foreign Office confirmed that at least one British national was on board .
Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin later confirmed that an Irish woman was among the dead .
Afriqiyah Airways said there were two German victims , one each from the Philippines and Zimbabwe , and at least 13 Libyans .
Nicky Knapp , a spokeswoman for Airports Company South Africa , said seven passengers were booked to connect to London Gatwick Airport , 32 to Brussels , 42 to Dusseldorf in Germany , and one to Charles de Gaulle in Paris .
" A 24 - hour helpline has been set up to assist families and relatives , " she said .
The plane 's final destination was scheduled to have been Tripoli , said Afriqiyah .
Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende confirmed that " several dozen " Dutch nationals were killed .
VICTIMS ' NATIONALITIES Libyan Dutch German British Finnish Zimbabwean Philippine South African French Irish
' Briton on Tripoli crash plane ' Dutch Foreign Ministry spokesman Ad Meijer said the child who survived was undergoing surgery in Tripoli for injuries including broken bones .
Libyan TV showed the child in a hospital bed with a bandaged head and wearing an oxygen mask .
A doctor , speaking in Arabic in the video , said the child had " several breaks in both legs and is under intensive care but is stable " .
There were conflicting reports as to whether the survivor was a boy or a girl .
Early reports quoted Libyan officials saying the survivor was a boy .
However , Dutch broadcaster NOS translated a doctor as saying the child was a girl .
The Dutch daily Telegraaf said the child had been travelling with his or her parents and an 11 - year - old sibling , but this was not confirmed .
On its website , Afriqiyah Airways announced " the tragic loss " of flight 8U771 at 0600 local time ( 0400 GMT ) .
" We extend our deepest sympathy to the families and friends of the victims .
The search and rescue mission has now been completed , " its statement said .
Libyan Transport Minister Mohammed Ali Zidan said 104 people had been on board the plane - 93 passengers and 11 crew .
He said that the remains of 96 victims had already been recovered .
Libyan TV showed the child who survived being treated in hospital Libya 's state TV showed footage of a field scattered with pieces of plane debris , and police and rescuers walking with surgical masks and gloves .
The cause of the crash was not immediately known .
Some reports suggest the plane crashed very close to the runway .
" It exploded on landing and totally disintegrated , " a Libyan security official told news agency AFP .
' Not terrorism '
A flight recorder has already been recovered , and officials hope this will provide some clues as to what caused the disaster .
However , Mr Zidan ruled out terrorism as the cause of the crash .
The BBC's Rana Jawad in Tripoli says the airport is currently sealed off and ambulances have been going back and forth to the airport .
South African President Jacob Zuma offered his condolences to families of the victims .
" Our thoughts are with those who lost loved ones in this tragedy , " he said , during a speech to parliament in Cape Town .
According to Airbus , the aircraft was delivered from the production line in September 2009 and had accumulated about 1,600 flight hours in some 420 flights .
Afriqiyah Airways is a low - cost Libyan airline founded nine years ago and operates a relatively new fleet of Airbus aircraft , the BBC's Wyre Davies in Cairo reports .
It flies many routes between Africa and Europe with passengers often transiting through Tripoli , our correspondent adds .
Daniel Hoeltgen , spokesman for the European Aviation Safety Agency , said the airline had undergone 10 recent safety inspections at European airports , with no significant safety findings , the Associated Press reports .
He added that a team of French crash investigators was already on its way to Tripoli to help Libyan officials determine the cause of the crash .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why I Canceled My Facebook Account May 2 , 2010
I canceled my Facebook account because it was lowering my capacity for independent action .
I joined Facebook under certain conceptions that it was a somewhat private place .
It used to have a clean interface , especially compared to MySpace .
And now it seems that there is something every month where they have started to sell or give more of my stuff to some company without my knowledge .
Facebook , used to be fun and cool , but a large part of what I have to do on Facebook now is adapt to their changes on their terms .
This is unacceptable to me , especially when I do n’t see the website adding significant benefits .
Now I would n’t have posted about this if a lot of people had n’t asked me to , and if I had not been personally affected by Facebook ’s actions .
I was with my girlfriend and we were listening to Pandora .
I look at my Pandora player , and there is my girlfriend ’s face ( supplied by Facebook ) staring back at me with some information about her tastes .
This would not have been a problem , except she opted out of that program .
We quickly learned you had to also ban each of the groups Facebook was sharing this data with , as well as hitting the opt - out checkbox .
This immediately congealed a sense of loathing for Facebook .
It was a combination of their confusing interfaces , reneging on their former commitments , lack of privacy , and spammy newsfeeds .
I decided that over the course of the next few days I would back - up my images and cancel my account .
And now I have and it feels great .
What has amazed me about canceling my Facebook account is the amount of support people have given my decision .
In the comments of a HackerNews post about how to cancel your Facebook account , I posted I was going to be canceling mine , and I thanked the person who posted the instructions .
This simple comment generated a large amount of conversation and upvotes .
I had expected my comment to fall to the bottom and be ignored , but there is a large group of people who are disgruntled and questioning whether they should use Facebook .
I had no idea .
I thought I was an outlier .
If you want to get rid of your Facebook account for whatever reason , here are some instructions on how to do it :
http://www.wikihow.com/Permanently-Delete-a-Facebook-Account
View full size
ROBERT , La. --
With BP finally gaining some control over the amount of oil spewing into the Gulf of Mexico , scientists are increasingly worried that huge plumes of crude already spilled could get caught in a current that would carry the mess all the way to the Florida Keys and beyond , damaging coral reefs and killing wildlife .
Scientists said the oil will move into the so - called loop current soon if it has n't already , though they could not say exactly when or how much there would be .
Once it is in the loop , it could take 10 days or longer to reach the Keys .
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
HOW YOU CAN HELP
will appear daily in the Press - Register until there is no longer a need for volunteers in response to the oil spill disaster .
If you have suggestions for a story , or if you belong to an organization in need of such help , please call Press - Register Editor Mike Marshall at 251-219-5674 or email him at
.
" It 's only a question of when , " said Peter Ortner , a University of Miami oceanographer .
In the month since an offshore drilling platform exploded , killing 11 workers , BP has struggled to stop the leak , trying in vain to activate emergency valves and lowering a 100 - ton box that got clogged with icy crystals .
Over the weekend , the oil company finally succeeded in using a stopper - and - tube combination to siphon some of the gushing oil into a tanker , but millions of gallons are already in the Gulf .
The loop current is a ribbon of warm water that begins in the Gulf of Mexico and wraps around Florida .
Some scientists project the current will draw the crude through the Keys and then up Florida 's Atlantic Coast , where the oil might avoid the beaches of Miami and Fort Lauderdale but could wash up around Palm Beach .
Many scientists expect the oil to get no farther north than Cape Canaveral , midway up the coast , before it is carried out to sea and becomes more and more diluted .
The pollution could endanger Florida 's shoreline mangroves , seagrass beds and the third - longest barrier reef in the world , the 221 - mile - long Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary , which helps draw millions of snorkelers , fishermen and other tourists whose dollars are vital to the state 's economy .
Pollutants can smother and kill corals -- living creatures that excrete a hard exterior skeleton -- or can hinder their ability to reproduce and grow .
That , in turn , could harm thousands of species of exotic and colorful fish and other marine life that live in and around reefs .
In other developments :
-- Chris Oynes , who oversees offshore drilling programs at the federal Minerals Management Service , will retire at the end of the month , becoming the Interior Department 's first casualty of the disaster .
Oynes has been criticized as too cozy with the oil industry .
-- The White House will establish a presidential commission to investigate the spill , according to an administration official speaking of condition of anonymity .
-- California Sen. Barbara Boxer and other Democrats are calling on the Justice Department to open a criminal investigation .
-- BP said it has spent $ 500 million on the spill so far .
--
The oil company said it will never again try to produce oil from the well , though it did not rule out drilling elsewhere in the reservoir .
" The right thing to do is permanently plug this well , and that 's what we will do , " said Doug Suttles , BP chief operating officer .
View full size
William Hogarth , dean of the University of South Florida 's College of Marine Science , said one computer model showed oil had already entered the loop current , while a second model showed the oil was three miles from it .
Mike Sole , Florida 's environmental protection secretary , said the edge could still be two to 18 miles away .
BP said it is having some success with a mile - long tube that is funneling a little more than 42,000 gallons of crude a day from the well into a tanker ship .
That would be about a fifth of the 210,000 gallons the company estimated is gushing out each day , though scientists who have studied video of the leak say it could be much bigger .
Crews will slowly increase how much they are collecting over the next few days .
They need to move slowly to prevent the formation of the ice - like crystals that doomed the effort to lower a big concrete - and - steel box over the blown - out well .
BP initially said it hoped the system would capture most of the leaking oil , but Suttles said Monday that officials would be pleased if the tube eventually sucks up half of it .
The siphoning is not a permanent solution .
BP is preparing to shoot a mixture known as drilling mud into the well later this week in a procedure called a " top - kill " that would take several weeks but , if successful , would stop the flow altogether .
Two relief wells are also being drilled to pump cement into the well to close it , but that will take months .
Chemicals being sprayed underwater are helping to disperse the oil and keep it from washing ashore in great quantities , but researchers said that in recent days they have discovered miles - long underwater plumes of oil that could poison or suffocate sea life across the food chain , with damage that could last for a decade or more .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Monday that the researchers ' announcement of the oil plumes was premature and that further tests are needed to confirm that the plumes detected were indeed caused by the blowout .
The ARRL Foundation Board of Directors is pleased to announce the scholarship recipients for 2010 .
Each year , the Foundation ’s Directors have the honor and privilege of selecting Amateur Radio operators who will receive monetary assistance to further their undergraduate or graduate education .
For 2010 , the Foundation awarded 65 annual scholarships to young Amateur Radio operators valued at $ 71,450 , almost $ 17,000 more than awarded in 2009 .
Four new scholarships were added for 2010 : The Ted , W4VHF , and Itice , W4LVV Goldthorpe Scholarship ; The Magnolia DX Association Scholarship and The Gwinnett Amateur Radio Society Scholarship .
A second scholarship for the Bill , W2ONV and Ann Salerno Memorial Scholarship was also added this year .
In addition , there are currently four holders of the William R. Goldfarb Memorial Scholarship for whom the awards vary based on the college or university they attend , other awards they receive and other financial factors .
For 2010 , the Foundation ’s Directors selected Kyle Ebersold , KB1MNN , of Holland , Massachusetts , as the recipient of this prestigious four year scholarship .
The seventh Goldfarb Scholarship winner , Kyle continues the tradition of prior recipients , demonstrating superior academic performance , outstanding leadership and extraordinary Amateur Radio and community service .
The Goldfarb Scholarship is the result of a generous endowment from the late William Goldfarb , N2ITP .
Before his death in 1997 , Goldfarb set up a scholarship endowment of close to $ 1 million in memory of his parents , Albert and Dorothy Goldfarb .
Awarded to one high school senior each year , the Goldfarb Scholarship assists the recipient to receive a four - year undergraduate degree in engineering or science or in the medical or business - related fields .
The terms of reference of the generous Goldfarb scholarship award require that recipients demonstrate financial need and significant involvement with Amateur Radio , in addition to high academic performance .
The application period for ARRL Foundation Scholarships opens October 1 each year and closes on February 1 the following year , with awards announced in May .
Descriptions of all the available scholarships and selection criteria , as well as application instructions and forms can be found on the ARRL Foundation pages of the ARRL Web site .
Beginning fall 2010 , the application process for ARRL Foundation scholarships will “ go green , ” with application forms and transcripts accepted via electronic means only .
2009 ARRL Foundation Scholarship Recipients
The William R. Goldfarb Memorial Scholarship
Kyle Ebersold , KB1MNN , Holland , Massachusetts
The Earl I. Anderson Scholarship -- $ 1250 each
David Hall , KC0WNP , Polk , Iowa
Kelly Kinkade , KD8LXM , Waterford , Michigan
Jeremy Schotter , KC9GIC , Corydon , Indiana
The Richard W. Bendickson , N7ZL , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 2000
Alex Brech , KC0YLD , Currie , Minnesota
The William Bennett , W7PHO , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Alexander Lemke , AF6JF , Fallbrook , California
The Henry Broughton , K2AE , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000 each
Daniel Bradke , W2AU , Niskayuna , New York
Alexander Haley , KC2RDK , Stephentown , New York
Mark McCurry , KC2UDS , Athens , New York
The Mary Lou Brown Scholarship -- $ 2500
Sabra Perry , KD7JPR , Sweet Home , Oregon
The Central Arizona DX Association Scholarship -- $ 1000
Elijah Brown , AD7ZJ , of Kingman , Arizona
The L.B. Cebik , W4RNL , and Jean Cebik , N4TZP , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Greta Steinbruner , KI6NTL , Aptos , California
The Challenge Met Scholarship -- $ 500 each
Carl Koehler , N3YFG , Avoca , New York
Sean Morgan , K4ZF , Atlanta , Georgia
The Chicago FM Club Scholarship -- $ 500
Lloyd Lindberg , KC9FZY , Eau Claire , Wisconsin
The Tom and Judith Comstock Scholarship -- $ 2000
Tyler Nicholas , K5TDN , Stillwater , Oklahoma
The Irving W. Cook , WA0CGS , Scholarship -- $ 1000
Reid Crowe , N0RC , Lawrence , Kansas
The Charles Clarke Cordle Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Morgan Massey , KI4OIG , Sheffield , Alabama
The Dayton Amateur Radio Association Scholarships -- $ 1000 each
Chelsey Bruce , KC8YSS , Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio
Elizabeth Garbee , KC0OTR , Black Forest , Colorado
Kathryn Ankenbauer , KD8AHA , Portage , Michigan
James Schwoebel , KJ4PLS , Newnan , Georgia
The New England FEMARA Scholarships -- $ 1000 each
Angela Capolupo , KB1NZV , of Torrington , Connecticut
Lydia Kouletsis , KB1MUM , of Oakland , Maine
Samuel Turner , KB1PHP , of Brunswick , Maine
Joseph O’Kane , KB1NJD , of Ellsworth , Maine
The Charles N. Fisher Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Stephen Simpson , KC8IOY , Ocala , Florida
The ARRL Foundation General Fund Scholarships -- $ 2000
David Strachan - Olson , KI6UXJ , Long Beach , California
Catherine Qualls , KC9RHO , Bloomington , Indiana
The Ted , W4VHF , and Itice , K4LVV Goldthorpe Scholarship -- $ 500
Zachary Schrempp , KM7I , Bothell , Washington
The ARRL Scholarship to Honor Barry Goldwater -- $ 5000
Stephanie Klimczak , KD0BFH , Creve Coeur , Missouri
The Paul and Helen L. Grauer Scholarship -- $ 1000
Sheldon Torlina , KD0JTT , St. Charles , Missouri
The K2TEO Martin J. Green , Sr Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Lauren Rice , KC2LR , of Syracuse , New York
The Gwinnett Amateur Radio Society Scholarship -- $ 500
Donald Lovell , KJ4RKI , Silver Creek , Georgia
The Joseph P. Rubino , WA4MMD , IRARC Memorial Scholarship -- $ 750 each
Michael Bifalco II , KJ4IFM , Sarasota , Florida
Simeng Zhu , KJ4KTI , Sarasota , Florida
The Dr James L. Lawson Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Kyle Clever , KC2RQO , Delevan , New York
The Louisiana Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Lindsay Westerfield , KD5UVL of Bossier City LA
The Magnolia DX Association Scholarship -- $ 500
Steven Mooney , K5STM , Petal , Mississippi
The Fred R. McDaniel Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Logan Holden , KE5GZN , Guthrie , Oklahoma
The Edmond A. Metzger Scholarship -- $ 500
Anna Keller , KC9GDD , Pleasant Lake , Indiana
The Mississippi Scholarship -- $ 500
Timothy Jones Jr , KE5ZNS , Starkville , Mississippi
The Scholarship of the Morris Radio Club of New Jersey -- $ 1000
Lindsay Meyer , KG6ELV , Soquel , California
The Northern California DX Foundation Scholarships -- $ 1000 each
Joseph Lipa , N8OY , Saline , Michigan
Nicholas Bauer , KC9GZY , Bloomington , Indiana
The Ray , N0RP , & Katie , W0KTE , Pautz Scholarship -- $ 1000
Robert Preston , KC0YDZ , Kansas City , Missouri
The Peoria Area Amateur Radio Club Scholarship -- $ 500
John Hays , KC9LVZ , Hopewell , Illinois
The PHD Scholarship -- $ 1000
Rebecca Rich , KB0VVT , Raytown , Missouri
The Thomas W. Porter , W8KYZ , Scholarship Honoring Michael Daugherty , W8LSE -- $ 1000
Richard Elrod , KB3LLM , Barberton , Ohio
The Don Riebhoff Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Samantha Young , KC9ENB , Sidney , Ohio
The Bill , W2ONV , and Ann Salerno Memorial Scholarship -- $ 1000
Jacob Wagner , KD8CDC , Rocky River , Ohio
The Eugene “ Gene ” Sallee , W4YFR , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Sean Morgan , K4ZF , Atlanta , Georgia
The Six Meter Club of Chicago Scholarship -- $ 500
Jessica Amundsen , KC9OJK , Rolling Meadows , Illinois
The Zachary Taylor Stevens Scholarship -- $ 750
Thomas Fielitz , KC8YAK , Smiths Creek , Michigan
The Carole J. Streeter , KB9JBR , Scholarship -- $ 750
Daniel Hechavarria , KB1TME , Boston , Massachusetts
The Norman E. Strohmeier , W2VRS , Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Stephanie Bauer , KC2VVZ , Baldwinsville , New York
The You ’ve Got a Friend in Pennsylvania Scholarship -- $ 2000 each
Robert Hoops , W3EGL , Watsontown , Pennsylvania
Nathaniel Hachten , KB3RZO , Camp Hill , Pennsylvania
The Gary Wagner , K3OMI , Scholarship -- $ 1000
Allison Gropper , KI4WZZ , Vienna , Virginia
The Francis Walton Memorial Scholarship -- $ 500
Jordan Hoover , KC9PXM , Chesterton , Indiana
The L. Phil and Alice J. Wicker Scholarship -- $ 1000
William Fisher , W4WJF , Raleigh , North Carolina
The YASME Foundation Scholarships -- $ 2000
Lile Squires , KE7YIA , Veradale , Washington
Eric Wilson , AD7JL , Mount Vernon , Washington
Justin Miller , KE7GTS , Snohomish , Washington
The Yankee Clipper Contest Club Youth Scholarship -- $ 1200
Robert Giuliani , K1RJG , Shelton , Connecticut
The ARRL Foundation administers scholarships for post secondary education students holding a valid FCC - granted Amateur Radio license .
Scholarship awards range from $ 500 to $ 5000 or more and are available to high school seniors ( or equivalent ) , or students currently enrolled in a college or university .
Scholarships are funded by generous individuals and Amateur Radio organizations to encourage radio amateurs to pursue their educational goals .
All ARRL Foundation - administered scholarships are intended exclusively for educational use , to provide assistance with costs of tuition , room , board , books and / or other fees essential to the education of the recipient .
Republicans in Minnesota 's Fifth Congressional District did more than flirt with a pro-secession resolution at their convention last Saturday .
They went further than their fellow Republicans in CD 2 did a few weeks ago , and passed the thing -- by apparently unanimous voice vote .
That was the report of the citizen journalists who post on the e-democracy.org Minnesota Politics and Issues Forum .
The resolution , as posted : " Be it resolved the Republican Party of Minnesota supports nullification of unconstitutional federal laws and secession as options to enforce state sovereignty . "
Jefferson Davis , president of the Confederate States of America , could n't have written it any better .
Nearly 300 Minnesotans lost their lives in the Civil War , fighting to keep the United States whole .
That this state 's Republicans -- members of the Party of Abraham Lincoln -- would endorse secession as a legitimate option ought to rattle Minnesotans ' sense of history .
GOP state chairman Tony Sutton dismissed the resolution as a gesture of protest and expression of frustration with the federal government , nothing more .
That may be so -- but it's a protest that raises questions about what the Tea Party movement is brewing in the GOP .
'' Some kids chased him away from my garden .
He ran off towards Showcase Cinema and that was the last I saw of him .
We wondered how difficult it was to lose a peacock . "
Rationale
There are two ways to represent big numbers :
You could either display them in multiples of 1000 = 10 3 ( base 10 ) or 1024 = 2 10 ( base 2 ) .
If you divide by 1000 , you probably use the SI prefix names , if you divide by 1024 , you probably use the IEC prefix names .
The problem starts with dividing by 1024 .
Many applications use the SI prefix names for it and some use the IEC prefix names .
The current situation is a mess .
If you see SI prefix names you do not know whether the number is divided by 1000 or 1024 .
There is already a Brainstorm idea for it :
Fix file size confusion .
Policy
Applications must use IEC standard for base - 2 units : 1 KiB = 1,024 bytes ( Note : big k ) 1 MiB = 1,024 KiB = 1,048,576 bytes 1 GiB = 1,024 MiB = 1,048,576 KiB = 1,073,741,824 bytes 1 TiB = 1,024 GiB = 1,048,576 MiB = 1,073,741,824 KiB = 1,099,511,627,776 bytes
Applications must use SI standard for base - 10 units : 1 kB = 1,000 bytes ( Note : small k ) 1 MB = 1,000 kB = 1,000,000 bytes 1 GB = 1,000 MB = 1,000,000 kB = 1,000,000,000 bytes 1 TB = 1,000 GB = 1,000,000 MB = 1,000,000,000 kB = 1,000,000,000,000 bytes
It is not allowed to use the SI standard for base - 2 units : 1 kB != 1,024 bytes KB ( with a big k ) does not exist
Implementation
There are two ways to fix the abuse of the SI standard for base - 2 :
Correct the application to divide by 1,000 and keep on using SI prefixes .
Correct the application to keep on dividing by 1,024 but use the IEC prefixes .
Correct basis
Use base - 10 for :
network bandwidth ( for example , 6 Mbit/s or 50 kB/ s )
disk sizes ( for example , 500 GB hard drive or 4.7 GB DVD )
Use base - 2 for :
RAM sizes ( for example , 2 GiB RAM )
For file sizes there are two possibilities :
Show both , base - 10 and base - 2 ( in this order ) .
An example is the Linux kernel : " 2930277168 512 - byte hardware sectors : ( 1.50 TB / 1.36 TiB ) "
Only show base - 10 , or give the user the opportunity to decide between base - 10 and base - 2 ( the default must be base - 10 ) .
Exception
The application can keep their previous behavior for backwards compatibility if the following points apply .
The application may add an option to display the sizes in base - 10 , too .
is a command - line tool
is often parsed by machine ( for example , the output is used in scripts )
only the prefix is displayed and not the unit ( for example , M instead of MB )
Some applications which fall under this rule are :
df
du
ls
Use cases
Alice does not know much about computers .
She is familiar with the SI prefix system ( 1 kg = 1000 g , 1 km = 1000 m ) .
She quickly understands that 1 kB is 1000 bytes .
Bob uses Ubuntu and Windows .
He wants to see the same numbers for file sizes in Nautilus as in Windows Explorer so that he can simply compare them .
Therefore , Nautilus needs to display the file sizes in base - 2 .
Bug reports
Tag bugs that violate this policy with units - policy .
Additional notes
There is no third " standard " in the form of the O'Reilly Style Guide .
It only specified abbreviations for 1,024 ( K ) and 1,000 ( k ) , but not for 1,048,576 and 1,000,000 and so on .
Bugs in this policy
These devices are labelled in a way that this policy fails to account for :
CD - ROM sizes are specified in MiB , but the manufacturers label this " MB " ( a " 700 MB " CD - ROM contains approximately 700 MiB = 737 MB ) .
Memory ( RAM , ROM ) is specified in base 2 , but labelled with SI prefixes .
For example , a " 512 MB " RAM contains 512 MiB = 536.9 MB .
Most small floppy disks are measured in base 2 , but labelled with SI prefixes .
A floppy labeled with " 1.44 MB " contains 1.44 x 1000 x 1024 bytes = 1.41 MiB = 1.47 MB , which does n't follow either convention .
References
General
Brainstorm ideas and blueprints
Other operating systems
Debian : Consistent Unit Prefixes
How Mac OS
X reports drive capacity - " In Mac OS X v10.6 Snow Leopard , storage capacity is displayed as per product specifications ( base 10 ) .
A 200 GB drive shows 200 GB capacity ... "
Overview
The public broadly supports a new Arizona law aimed at dealing with illegal immigration and the law ’s provisions giving police increased powers to stop and detain people who are suspected of being in the country illegally .
Fully 73 % say they approve of requiring people to produce documents verifying their legal status if police ask for them .
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) approve of allowing police to detain anyone who cannot verify their legal status , while 62 % approve of allowing police to question people they think may be in the country illegally .
After being asked about the law ’s provisions , 59 % say that , considering everything , they approve of Arizona ’s new illegal immigration law while 32 % disapprove .
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted May 6 - 9 among 994 adults , finds that Democrats are evenly split over Arizona ’s new immigration law : 45 % approve of the law and 46 % disapprove .
However , majorities of Democrats approve of two of the law ’s principal provisions : requiring people to produce documents verifying legal status ( 65 % ) and allowing police to detain anyone unable to verify their legal status ( 55 % ) .
Republicans overwhelmingly approve of the law and three provisions tested .
Similarly , among independents there is little difference in opinions of the new Arizona law ( 64 % approve ) and its elements , which are vie wed positively .
Young people are less supportive of the Arizona immigration law than are older Americans .
Fewer than half ( 45 % ) of those younger than 30 approve of the new law while 47 % disapprove .
Majorities of older age groups – including 74 % of those 65 and older – approve of the law .
However , even most young people approve of requiring people to produce documents verifying their legal status ; 61 % approve of this element of the law while 35 % disapprove .
Larger percentages of older age groups support this provision .
Most Disapprove of Obama on Immigration
As has been the case since last fall , the public is highly critical of Barack Obama ’s handling of immigration policy .
Just 25 % approve of the way Obama is handling the issue , while more than twice as many ( 54 % ) disapprove .
That is little changed from last month ( 29 % approve ) and down slightly from last November ( 31 % ) .
In the current survey , 76 % of Republicans disapprove of Obama ’s handling of immigration policy , while just 8 % approve .
Independents disapprove of Obama ’s job on the issue by more than two - to - one ( 57 % to 25 % ) .
Even among Democrats , as many disapprove ( 38 % ) as approve ( 37 % ) of the way he is handling the issue , while a quarter ( 25 % ) offer no opinion .
For some , the phrase " spring is in the air " is quite literal .
When the winter snow melts and flowers bloom , pollen and other materials can wreak havoc on those suffering from seasonal allergies , usually causing a habit called " mouth breathing . "
The physical , medical and social problems associated with mouth breathing are not recognized by most health care professionals , according to a study published in the January / February 2010 issue of General Dentistry , the peer - reviewed clinical journal of the Academy of General Dentistry ( AGD ) .
Dentists typically request that their patients return every six months , which means that some people see their dentist more frequently than they see their physician .
As a result , dentists may be the first to identify the symptoms of mouth breathing .
And , because dentists understand the problems associated with mouth breathing , they can help prevent the adverse effects .
" Allergies can cause upper airway obstruction , or mouth breathing , in patients , " said Yosh Jefferson , DMD , author of the study .
" Almost every family has someone with mouth breathing problems . "
Over time , children whose mouth breathing goes untreated may suffer from abnormal facial and dental development , such as long , narrow faces and mouths , gummy smiles , gingivitis and crooked teeth .
The poor sleeping habits that result from mouth breathing can adversely affect growth and academic performance .
As Dr. Jefferson notes in his article , " Many of these children are misdiagnosed with attention deficit disorder ( ADD ) and hyperactivity . "
In addition , mouth breathing can cause poor oxygen concentration in the bloodstream , which can cause high blood pressure , heart problems , sleep apnea and other medical issues .
" Children who mouth breathe typically do not sleep well , causing them to be tired during the day and possibly unable to concentrate on academics , " Dr. Jefferson said .
" If the child becomes frustrated in school , he or she may exhibit behavioral problems . "
Treatment for mouth breathing is available and can be beneficial for children if the condition is caught early .
A dentist can check for mouth breathing symptoms and swollen tonsils .
If tonsils and / or adenoids are swollen , they can be surgically removed by an ear - nose - throat ( ENT ) specialist .
If the face and mouth are narrow , dentists can use expansion appliances to help widen the sinuses and open nasal airway passages .
" After surgery and / or orthodontic intervention , many patients show improvement in behavior , energy level , academic performance , peer acceptance and growth , " says Leslie Grant , DDS , spokesperson for the AGD .
" Seeking treatment for mouth breathing can significantly improve quality of life . "
At this time , many health care professionals are not aware of the health problems associated with mouth breathing .
If you or your child suffers from this condition , speak with a health care professional who is knowledgeable about mouth breathing .
Cheese with no toppings
Mushroom
Pepperoni
Vegetarian
What kind of pizza does
Walt fling onto the garage roof ?
NEW figures released in Australia indicate you may not be as safe in a church as you are at a strip club or in a brothel .
The latest data , compiled by the NSW Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research , showed 1,600 people were charged with committing a range of 27 offences in the state ’s “ places of worship ” in 2008 .
But the figures showed only 282 people were charged in premises classified as adult entertainment with the same offences .
Bureau director Don Wedderburn said the data showed people were just as likely to be assaulted or robbed in the sanctity of a church as they were on the streets .
Most people would think of churches and synagogues as sanctuaries in society .
But maybe that ’s naive , because the statistics show they are likely to rob , assault or steal from people there like anywhere else .
A breakdown of the figures showed that 85 people were assaulted in places of worship , compared to 66 at an adult entertainment premises .
According to this report , places of worship include churches , synagogues , monasteries , mosques , convents , cathedrals and chapels .
Premises listed under adult entertainment included strip clubs , sex shops , brothels , massage parlours , gay clubs , gaming houses as well as gambling clubs .
Places of worship were also ahead on sexual offences ( 16 ) , theft from motor vehicles ( 33 ) , resisting arrest ( seven ) and liquor offences ( 10 ) .
Harassment and threatening behaviour at places of worship ( 30 ) was more than double that of adult entertainment ( 13 ) .
Two people were charged with possessing or using marijuana in places of worship .
The figure was a 90 per cent decrease on the previous year , when 20 people were charged with the offence .
Only one person was charged with the offence at an adult entertainment premises in 2008 .
Thank you to 16 WAPT News in Jackson , Mississippi , for seeking reaction from ACLU of Mississippi on Kentucky 's decision to not indict the police officers in the Breonna Taylor case .
Arsenal ’s pressing game has suffered since the start of the season mostly due to a matter of distances .
______________________________________________________________________________
Shortened names are all the rage these days .
From Subo ( Susan Boyle ) , R - Pat ( Robert Pattinson ) and Brangelina ( Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie ) , it ’s a wonder they still have n’t thought of one for Babyshambles front man Pete Doherty .
And after Barcelona swept all before them to bag six trophies last year , with Bordaeux and Chile prevailing as underdogs doing it , Arsenal became the latest side at the start of this season to adopt football ’s trendiest tactic – that of “ high intensity pressing . ”
Enter the first game and a swirling cloud of red , snapping and snarling at the heels of each Everton player , giving them no time to rest , was a welcoming surprise from a jittery pre-season campaign trialing the same tactics .
Somehow such usually difficult opponents were swatted away with great ease and efficiency also , and it was not just defensively Arsenal had found improvements on – the Gunners put six past Everton .
Arsenal were voracious in attack , averaging around three goals per game and even though they leaked the odd goal , it seemed at last Arsène Wenger had found the right balance and the players were tactically maturing .
But fast - forward to defeats at Barcelona , Tottenham and Wigan and that pressing system has started look fragmented , no less exposed by the Catalan side and their pressing standards .
Why Pressing is Important in the 4 - 3 - 3
As Barcelona have shown , pressing is as much an art to them as a through ball , with Pep Guardiola claiming that his side would not be as effective as they are were it not for the mechanism put in place of pressing the ball when it is lost .
And after watching Barca ’s dismantling of Arsenal in this year ’s Champions League , many felt that that was the key difference between the two teams – that Barcelona had a more thorough defensive system in place to complement their attacking style .
The need to press in either sides variant of 4 - 3 - 3 is a pertinent one as it allows allows the side to remain compact in a way not offered by most formations .
Typical formations are more concerned with zones therefore when possession changes hands , they can more easily fall back into a defensive block to retain their shape and press within .
“ There is less high - intensity pressing from the front in advance areas ( in top - level European football ) , ” says Fulham boss Roy Hodgson .
“ This is partly because concern of the interpretation of the offside law has led to teams to play deeper .
Sides are sill compact , but this is mainly in their own half of the pitch . ”
Teams who played a similar style – the Ajax sides of the late 60 ’ s0 / early 70’s , Dynamo Kyiv and Holland in ’ 74 – were able to do this because the interpretation of the offside law meant they could play in a small area of the pitch to squeeze the opponents .
The 4 - 3 - 3 deployed by Barcelona and Arsenal is unique in that , when in possession , in order to be dynamic in attack and offer more angles in the pass , the side is required to stretch play up the pitch .
However that is also what makes it such a specialised formation in the modern game because the danger is , when you lose the ball , the distances between your players will be large and thus presents a great opportunity for opponents to exploit .
Therefore , the need arises for the team to compress space and that is best served by pressing the opposition when the ball is lost .
Which sounds simple enough , however , pressuring still requires a structure – a framework – which all players should be willing to conform to .
And that , in essence , was the gulf in execution between Barcelona and Arsenal in both legs of the quarter - final .
A Matter of Distances
Much of Arsene Wenger ’s talk early in the season was one of maintaining correct distances and indeed the different defensive assignments he gave to his players led him to label the formation as a 4 - 1 - 4 - 1 .
The midfield four behind Robin van Persie as it were , were to pressure along the same band as each other with Alex Song the self - titled stopper of counter attacks .
The auxiliary left central midfielder was to have a stabilizing role – one to cover for the left forward ( who was usually Andrey Arshavin because of his tendency to drift infield ) and the other , to drop slightly more deeper to help out Song .
That ploy would of course allow Cesc Fabregas to push further up the field and enable the captain to exert greater influence between the lines and pressure higher .
However , slowly but surely , as Arsenal ’s goals dried after van Persie ’s injury , Fabregas was pushed closer to the main forward in order to create goals but rather than it multiplying his impact , it proceeded to inadvertently upset the balance of the side .
That problem was in part highlighted in the 2 - 1 defeat against FC Porto , where Swansea manager Paulo Sousa , commentating for ITV Sport , mentioned that Arsenal ’s problem with pressing was in balancing their intensity .
The gap between attack – the first line of pressure – and defence was too large and that made it a difficult transition from the attacking phase to the defensive phase .
So if Tomas Rosicky , starting on the left in that game , pressured the right - back high up the pitch – of which he attempted on a number of occasions – his hard work would invariably fall flat as one pass could essentially free the defender from the Czech ’s advances .
And that made it all the more difficult for Rosicky to track back as the ball is hit forward quickly .
In truth , that was only half the story as Porto purposely made it difficult for Arsenal by looking to stretch the game as much as possible , defending very deep and stationing the three forwards in direct confrontation with the Gunners defenders at all times .
Nevertheless the idea was to expose burgeoning problems in Arsenal ’s defensive phase which , after a good start to the season , was feeling the strain of chasing silverware .
The Cesc Fabregas Question
Arsene Wenger once stated you are more worried about correcting the creative side of a team than the defensive balance and indeed as Arsenal ’s attacking play started to become stale , Cesc Fabregas was pushed higher up the pitch .
The game against Liverpool , following successive defeats to Chelsea and Manchester United , saw Arsenal attempt to revert to a more pragmatic approach to balance both sides and it proved successful .
The full - backs got tighter to their opposing wingers and likewise the two central midfielders to their opposite numbers while Fabregas and Arshavin led the way in closing down aggressively high up the field .
And just as that re-found stability looked set to reignite Arsenal ’s title challenge , old habits soon kicked in .
The biggest problem is seemingly in the centre where teams , especially during December and January , where able to profit from the gaps in the centre .
On paper , it looks like pushing Fabregas higher may have had an adverse impact on the balance .
Yet , Barcelona , in their new variant of 4 - 3 - 3 , whereby Guardiola has deployed Messi in an interior role similar to Fabregas indicates that is not necessarily the case .
The difference comes in how rigidly Barcelona stick to their individual and collective assignments and press aggressively not just the ball carrier , but to eliminate all passing options completely .
That means when the forward presses , he will continue all the way even if the ball is passed backwards while his team - mates back him up by looking to get tight and at times , get in front of potential passing options .
That tactic may in part explain why opponents are not so willing to go direct as confidently against Barcelona and of which enables the Barca defenders to be more assured in taking the risk to push up .
Because it is true that , if teams go direct more quickly , as Inter did in their 3 - 1 win , Barcelona can be exposed from the ball over the top .
Indeed , Aston Villa , Burnley , Everton , Fulham and West Ham have displayed similar tactics against Arsenal , stopping the Gunners from passing the ball out from deep and profiting through gaps in the channels .
If one uses the example of Rafael Marquez in the second leg , four or five could go and press him as they did in Arsenal ’s 4 - 1 - 4 - 1 in the defensive phase but that would surely result in inefficiency .
It may theoretically claustrophobe the target but not necessarily stop him making a pass to an opponent were he was in space .
So when Marquez had the ball , having the vision the Mexican has and the movement his teammate ’s do , all it took was for Xavi or Buqsquets to drop into a pocket of space and an opportunity opened up .
And on the occasions that one player did press Marquez , the others did not quite follow up and get tight on the potential passing options on offer .
What that will inevitably lead to is inefficient pressing , which if not followed through correctly will become false pressing – which is not exactly pressing at all .
The different defensive assignments Wenger has given to his players are there for a reason and are there to help balance the side defensively – the 4 - 3 - 3 can feel like chain reactions and one player ’s movement can impact on the effectiveness of another .
Simon Kuper , writing for the Financial Times , wrote of how Bayern Munich ’s strikers , under Louis Van Gaal , “ harries their defenders , not in order to win the ball but to pressure a pass to central midfield , where Bayern will win it . ”
It is an area Arsenal must improve upon otherwise repeats of how Denilson was exposed in the centre during the 3 - 1 defeat to Manchester United are likely occur again .
It seems at the moment , the Brazilian is stuck in transition of which system of marking to follow – zonal , man-marking or neither .
Gael Clichy ’s indifferent early form goes some way to suggest this is also indicative of more than one of his team - mates .
“ With 4 - 3 - 3 it ’s all about choosing when to go and when to stay rather than just going for the sake of it , ” says the left - back .
Final Thoughts
In that respect , Alex Song has been a vital cog in Arsenal ’s pressing system as he has looked the one who has most benefited from closing down early .
His presence in the middle often results in a better team performance for the Gunners and allows Arsenal to win the ball back quickly .
Robin van Persie is also arguably a better presser of the ball than Nicklas Bendtner but it also must be stressed the importance of the role the Dane played early in the season on the right hand side of the attacking trident .
That Nasri and Rosicky have had more game time later on in the season in wide areas may have also had an adverse effect on the pressing game as their tendencies are not so forward thinking and quite lackadaisical .
Arsenal have also been bad starters of games , only scoring twice in the league in the opening fifteen minutes which can again explain that Arsenal need time to adjust to the distances .
Pressing however , is best realised by a good attacking game , and that Arsenal have not been as dynamic in attacking in the second part , nor as obsessive in possession of the season has probably undermined their confidence in pressing the ball high up .
Nevertheless , as a team collective , there is no doubt that the pressing game has been for the better for Arsenal and with the players maturing each time .
They have less been exposed on the break as previous seasons and the strain their expansive style causes on the back is not as apparent .
Thomas Vermaelen has improved Arsenal ’s winning back of the ball and that Arsenal are the best utilisers of the offside trap indicates an effective back line which only needs greater synchronicity with the midfield .
“ I think we all want to get the ball back very quickly , ” explains Bakary Sagna .
” Everyone is defending quicker and the forwards are doing more .
It helps us play as a team .
We worked a lot on this in pre-season because we changed the formation and we have to keep working on it . ”
rTorrent is a quick and efficient BitTorrent client that uses , and is in development alongside , the libTorrent ( not to be confused with ) library .
It is written in C++ and provides a terminal - based user interface via the ncurses programming library .
When combined with a terminal multiplexer ( e.g. GNU Screen or Tmux ) and Secure Shell , it becomes a convenient remote BitTorrent client .
Installation
Install the package .
Unofficial packages
AUR - Git master branch package
- Git master branch package AUR - Release package with rtorrent - ps patchset
- Release package with rtorrent - ps patchset AUR - Git feature - bind branch package with rtorrent - ps patchset
- Git feature - bind branch package with rtorrent - ps patchset AUR - Release package with vi-like key bindings
Configuration
This article or section is out of date .
Reason :
This section especially , and others that use config / XMLRPC commands , should be refactored to " new syntax " , see sed script that helps with that .
( Discuss in
This section especially , and others that use config / XMLRPC commands , should be refactored to " new syntax " , see this rTorrent wiki page for details , including ascript that helps with that .
( Discuss in Talk : RTorrent #
Note :
See the rTorrent wiki article on this subject for more information : Common Tasks in rTorrent for Dummies .
Vim may mistake the syntax of the config file , causing errors in the highlighting .
To resolve this you can append a modeline # vim : set syntax=conf : to ~/.rtorrent.rc , or install rtorrent - syntax - file .
Before running rTorrent , copy the example configuration file /usr / share / doc / rtorrent / rtorrent.rc to ~/.rtorrent.rc , and check out the related rTorrent wiki page that has a modern basic configuration file .
Performance
Note :
See the rTorrent wiki article on this subject for more information :
See the rTorrent wiki article on this subject for more information : Performance Tuning
The values for the following options are dependent on the system 's hardware and Internet connection speed .
throttle.min_peers.normal.set = 40 throttle.max_peers.normal.set = 52 throttle.min_peers.seed.set = 10 throttle.max_peers.seed.set = 52 throttle.max_uploads.set = 8 throttle.global_down.max_rate.set = 200 throttle.global_up.max_rate.set = 28
The pieces.hash.on_completion.set option executes a hash check when rTorrent is started .
It checks for errors in your completed files .
pieces.hash.on_completion.set = yes
Create and manage files
The directory .
default.set option will determine where your torrent data will be saved ( could be a relative path ) :
directory.default.set = ~/downloaded
The session .
path.set option allows rTorrent to save the progess of your torrents .
It is recommended to create a directory in home directory ( e.g. mkdir ~/.rtorrent.session ) .
session.path.set = ~/.rtorrent.session
The schedule2 option has rTorrent watch a particular directory for new torrent files .
Saving a torrent file to this directory will automatically start the download .
Remember to create the directory that will be watched ( e.g. mkdir ~ / watch ) .
Also , be careful when using this option as rTorrent will move the torrent file to your session folder and rename it to its hash value .
schedule2 = watch_directory,5,5,load.start=/home/user/watch/*.torrent schedule2 = untied_directory ,5,5, stop_untied= schedule2 = tied_directory , 5,5 , start_tied=
The following schedule2 option is intended to stop rTorrent from downloading data when disk space is low .
schedule2 = low_diskspace,5,60,(( close_low_diskspace,100 M ) )
Port configuration
The network.port_range.set option sets which port (s ) to use for listening .
It is recommended to use a port that is higher than 49152 ( see : List of port numbers ) .
Although , rTorrent allows a range of ports , a single port is recommended .
network.port_range.set = 49164-49164
Additionally , make sure port forwarding is enabled for the proper port (s ) ( see : Port Forward guides ) .
Additional settings
The protocol . encryption.set option enables or disables encryption .
It is very important to enable this option , not only for yourself , but also for your peers in the torrent swarm .
Some users need to obscure their bandwidth usage from their ISP .
And it does not hurt to enable it even if you do not need the added security .
protocol.encryption.set = allow_incoming , try_outgoing ,enable_retry
It is also possible to force all connections to use encryption .
However , be aware that this stricter rule will reduce your client 's availability :
protocol.encryption.set = require , require_RC4 , allow_incoming , try_outgoing
See also Wikipedia : BitTorrent Protocol Encryption .
This final dht.mode .set option enables DHT support .
DHT is common among public trackers and will allow the client to acquire more peers .
dht.mode.set = auto dht.port.set = 6881 protocol.pex.set= yes
Key bindings
r Torrent relies exclusively on keyboard shortcuts for user input .
A quick reference is available in the table below .
A complete guide is available on the rTorrent wiki ( see : rTorrent User Guide ) .
Note : Striking Ctrl-q twice in quick succession will make rTorrent shutdown without waiting to send a stop announce to the connected trackers .
Cmd Action Ctrl-q Quit application Ctrl-s Start download .
Runs hash first unless already done .
Ctrl-d Stop an active download or remove a stopped download Ctrl-k Stop and close the files of an active download .
Ctrl-r Initiate hash check of torrent .
Starts downloading if file is not available .
Ctrl -o
Specify the download directory for a added , but not started torrent .
Left Returns to the previous screen Right Goes to the next screen Backspace Adds and starts the specified *. torrent Return Adds and does n't start the specified *. torrent a|s|d Increase global upload throttle about 1|5|50 KB/s A|S|D Increase global download throttle about 1|5|50 KB/s z|x|c Decrease global upload throttle about 1|5|50 KB/s Z|X|C Decrease global download throttle about 1|5|50 KB /s
Redundant mapping
Ctrl -s is often used for terminal control to stop screen output while Ctrl-q is used to start it .
These mappings may interfere with rTorrent .
Check to see if these terminal options are bound to a mapping :
$ stty -a
... swtch = < undef > ; start = ^Q ; stop = ^S ; susp = ^Z ; rprnt = ^R ; werase = ^W ; lnext = ^V ; ...
To remove the mappings , change the terminal characteristics to undefine the aforementioned special characters ( i.e. stop and start ) :
# stty stop undef # stty start undef
To remove these mappings automatically at startup you may add the two preceding commands to your ~/. bashrc file .
Additional tips
Systemd service for a headless server
This unit file relies on running a single user named rtorrent and configuring rtorrent to run as a daemon .
Create the following file :
/etc/systemd/system/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent System Daemon After=network.target [ Service ] Type=simple User=rtorrent Group=rtorrent #
Modify the next 2 lines to use absolute paths ExecStartPre= -/ bin / rm -f /<home>/.session/rtorrent.lock ExecStart=/usr/bin/rtorrent -o import=/<home>/rtorrent.rc Restart=on - failure RestartSec=3 [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Systemd service as a daemon for a user
This unit will allow multiple users , or a single user to run rtorrent as a daemon .
Replace user with the user who will run rtorrent .
To start at boot time :
# systemctl enable rtorrent@user
Start manually :
# systemctl start rtorrent@user
Stop :
# systemctl stop rtorrent@user
Create the following file :
/etc/systemd/system/rtorrent@.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent for %I After=network.target [ Service ] Type=simple User= % I Group= %I WorkingDirectory=/ home / %I # Modify the next line to the absolute path for rtorrent.lock , for example ExecStartPre= -/ bin/rm -f /home/%I/.session/rtorrent.lock
ExecStart=/usr/bin/rtorrent -o system.daemon.set=true Restart=on - failure RestartSec=3 [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Systemd services using tmux or screen
Usage of the following services depends on type of service unit .
For system services ( in /etc/systemd/system / ) :
To start at boot time :
# systemctl enable rtorrent
Start manually :
# systemctl start rtorrent
Stop :
# systemctl stop rtorrent
Make sure ' rtorrent ' user is created with the appropriate home directory with your rtorrent.rc placed in .
For user services ( in /etc/systemd/user / ) :
$ systemctl -- user enable rtorrent
Start manually :
$ systemctl -- user start rtorrent
Stop :
$ systemctl -- user stop rtorrent
With screen
As system service unit
/etc/systemd/system/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent After=network.target [ Service ] Type=forking KillMode=none User=rtorrent ExecStartPre=/usr/bin/bash -c " if test -e %h/.rtorrent_session/rtorrent.lock && test -z `pidof rtorrent` ; then rm -f %h/.rtorrent_session/rtorrent.lock ; fi " ExecStart= /usr / bin / screen - dmfa - S rtorrent /usr / bin/ rtorrent ExecStop= / usr / bin / bash -c " test `pidof rtorrent` && killall - w -s 2 / usr / bin/ rtorrent " WorkingDirectory=%h Restart=on - failure [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
As user service unit
/etc/systemd/user/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent After=network.target [ Service ] Type=forking KillMode=none ExecStart=/usr/bin/screen - dmfa - S rtorrent /usr / bin/rtorrent ExecStop=/usr/bin/ killall -w -s 2 /usr/bin/rtorrent WorkingDirectory=%h [ Install ] WantedBy=default.target
Attach to rtorrent 's session :
screen - D -r rtorrent
Detach :
Ctrl-a d
with tmux
With independent tmux server ( restart rtorrent if crashed )
~/.config/systemd/user/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rtorrent After=network.target [ Service ] Type=forking ExecStartPre=/usr/bin/bash -c " if test -e ~/.session/rtorrent.lock && test -z `pidof rtorrent` ; then rm -f ~/.session/rtorrent.lock ; fi " ExecStart= / usr / bin / tmux - L rt new - session -s rt -n rtorrent -d rtorrent ExecStop=/usr / bin / bash -c " /usr/bin/tmux - L rt send - keys - t rt:rtorrent.0 C-q ; while pidof rtorrent > / dev/null ; do echo stopping rtorrent ... ; sleep 1 ; done " Restart=on - failure [ Install ] WantedBy=default.target
With tmux running as user rtorrent ( restart rtorrent if crashed )
/etc/systemd/system/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent Daemon After=network.target [ Service ] Type=forking KillMode=none User=rtorrent ExecStart= /usr / bin/ tmux new - session -c /mnt / storage / rtorrent -s rtorrent -n rtorrent -d rtorrent ExecStop= / usr / bin / bash -c " /usr / bin / tmux send - keys -t rtorrent C-q && while pidof rtorrent > / dev/null ; do sleep 0.5 ; done " WorkingDirectory=%h Restart=on - failure [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Attach to rtorrent 's session :
tmux - L rt attach -t rt tmux attach -t rt
Detach :
Ctrl-b d
systemd service file with dtach
This article or section needs language , wiki syntax or style improvements .
See Help : Style for reference .
Reason : Creating multiple rtorrent sessions this way is far from perfect , why do n't we just assume for simplicity that there is only one session ?
This is assumed in Creating multiple rtorrent sessions this way is far from perfect , why do n't we just assume for simplicity that there is only one session ?
This is assumed in #systemd service file with tmux or screen anyway .
( Discuss in Talk : RTorrent #
When running dtach from systemd unit , the TERM environment variable has to be set explicitly for rtorrent to work .
This service file has no restart because the author occasionally takes the drive in question offline , and rtorrent fails , shall we say , " suboptimally " when started in this scenario and loses many torrent specific settings such as the specific directories each torrent is stored in .
In fact the symlinks that kick off rtorrent live on the relevant drive ; if it is unmounted rtorrent cannot start .
This use case of blocking rtorrent from starting is relevant to users who put the downloaded files on removable media such as NAS , USB or eSATA drives .
~/.config/systemd/user/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent # After=network.target [ Service ] # set TERM according to your terminal Environment = " TERM=xterm " # Environment = " TERM=linux " Type=forking KillMode=none ExecStart=-/usr/bin/dtach -n /home/sam/run/dtach_fifos/fifo -e " ^T " /home/sam/bin/rtr_new -n -o import=/home/sam/.config/rtorrent/new_.rc
# dtach -n < separate filename for each instance > # # rtr_new -n to ignore the default .rtorrent.rc # rtr_new -o import to load the instance - specific rc ExecStop= - / usr / bin / killall -u sam -e -w -s INT / home / sam / bin/rtr_new [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Note some other issues exposed in this service file other than just dtach :
/home/sam / bin/rtr_new is a symlink to /usr / bin/ rtorrent
This lets us run several instances and kill each one independently with a different version of the ExecStop , to wit :
ExecStop=-/usr/bin/killall -u sam -e -w -s INT /home/sam/bin/rtr_new ExecStop=-/usr/bin/killall -u sam -e -w -s INT /home/sam/bin/rtr_academic ExecStop=-/usr/bin/killall -u sam -e -w -s INT /home/sam/bin/rtr_other_stuff
These are each in a different service file , each of which controls one instance .
Without this step , when running multiple instances a killall solution would kill all the running rtorrent instances .
If multiple rtorrent instances are not needed and the rtorrent rc file is in the default location the above service file may be simplified .
The entire file is included but only the ExecStart and ExecStop lines change .
~/.config/systemd/user/rtorrent.service
[ Unit ] Description=rTorrent # After=network.target [ Service ] # set TERM according to your terminal Environment = " TERM=xterm " # Environment = " TERM=linux " # Type=forking is not required if ExecStart command is run using dtach - N ( i.e dtach will run on foreground ) .
Type=forking KillMode=none ExecStart=-/usr/bin/dtach -n /home/sam/run/dtach_fifos/fifo -e " ^T " /usr / bin/rtorrent # dtach -n < user specified FIFO name > -e < user specified character >
/usr/bin/rtorrent ExecStop=/usr/bin/killall -w -s INT /usr / bin / rtorrent # -e ( exact match ) and -u ( user name ) were added above to stop specific processes # and may be omitted here because only one rtorrent will be running [ Install ] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Note the hyphen in ` ExecStart= - / usr / bin / dtach` part , which allows failure exit code also to denote successfull termination .
This is likely because of a current issue [ 1 ] .
An alternative is to use `SuccessExitStatus=1` in the service section .
The service can be controlled with systemctl -- user .
When it is started , you can attach to the session :
$ dtach - a /home/sam/run/dtach_fifos/fifo -e " ^T "
Pre-allocation
rTorrent has the ability to pre-allocate space for a torrent .
The major benefit is that it limits and avoids fragmentation of the filesystem .
However , this introduces a delay during the pre-allocation if the filesystem does not support the fallocate syscall natively .
Therefore this switch is recommended for xfs , ext4 , btrfs and ocfs2 filesystems , which have native fallocate syscall support .
They will see no delay during preallocation and no fragmented filesystem .
Pre-allocation on others filesystems will cause a delay but will not fragment the files .
To enable it , add the following to your ~/rtorrent.rc :
~/rtorrent.rc
# Preallocate files ; reduces defragmentation on filesystems .
system.file.allocate = 1
To make pre-allocation available on filesystems other than the above - albeit at a delay - you can recompile libTorrent from the ABS tree with the following new switch :
$ ./configure -- prefix=/ usr --disable - debug --with-posix-fallocate
See the upstream documentation for further information
Manage completed files
Note :
If you are having trouble with this tip , it may be easier to follow the If you are having trouble with this tip , it may be easier to follow the docs
It is possible to have rtorrent organize completed torrent data to specific folders based on which ' watch ' folder you drop the *.torrent into while continuing to seed .
As a solution , use the following example in your ~/.rtorrent.rc .
Make sure to change the paths .
# default path for in progress downloads directory = / home / user / torrents / incomplete # schedule a timer event named ' watch_directory_1 ' : # 1 ) triggers 10 seconds after rtorrent starts # 2 ) triggers at 10 second intervals thereafter #
3 ) Upon trigger , attempt to load ( and start ) new *. torrent files found in / home / user / torrents / watch / # 4 ) set a variable named ' custom1 ' with the value " /home/user/torrents / complete " # NOTE : if you do not want it to automatically start the torrent , change ' load.start ' to ' load.normal ' schedule2 = watch_directory_1,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/*.torrent,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete " # upon completion , move content to path specified above via custom1 method.
insert = d.data_path , simple , " if=(d.is_multi_file ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / , ( d.name ) ) " method.insert = d.move_to_complete , simple , " d.directory.set=$argument.1= ; execute=mkdir , -p , $argument.1= ; execute=mv , -u , $argument.0= , $argument.1= ; d.save_full_session= " method.set_key = event.download.finished,move_complete , "d.move_to_complete=$d.data_path=,$d.custom1= "
You can add additional watch directories and corresponding completion directories like so :
directory = /home / user / torrents /incomplete schedule2 = watch_directory_1,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/*.torrent,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete " schedule2 = watch_directory_2,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/iso/*.torrent,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete/iso " schedule2 = watch_directory_3,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/music/*.torrent,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete/music " method.insert = d.data_path , simple , " if=(d.is_multi_file ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / , ( d.name ) ) " method.insert = d.move_to_complete , simple , " d.directory.set=$argument.1= ; execute=mkdir , -p , $argument.1= ; execute=mv , -u , $argument.0= , $argument.1= ; d.save_full_session= " method.set_key = event.download.finished,move_complete , "d.move_to_complete=$d.data_path=,$d.custom1 = "
You can also specify incomplete directories per watch directory :
directory = /home / user / torrents /incomplete schedule2 = watch_directory_1,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/*.torrent,d.directory.set=/home/user/torrents/incomplete,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete " schedule2 = watch_directory_2,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/iso/*.torrent,d.directory.set=/home/user/torrents/incomplete/iso,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete/iso " schedule2 = watch_directory_3,10,10,"load.start=/home/user/torrents/watch/music/*.torrent,d.directory.set=/home/user/torrents/incomplete/music,d.custom1.set=/home/user/torrents/complete/music " method.insert = d.data_path , simple , " if=(d.is_multi_file ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / ) , ( cat , ( d.directory ) , / , ( d.name ) ) " method.insert = d.move_to_complete , simple , " d.directory.set=$argument.1= ; execute=mkdir , -p , $argument.1= ; execute=mv , -u , $argument.0= , $argument.1= ; d.save_full_session= " method.set_key = event.download.finished,move_complete , "d.move_to_complete=$d.data_path=,$d.custom1 = "
Also see completion moving via a bash script , and via pyrocore 's rtcontrol ( there is an AUR package ) .
Notification with Google Mail
Cell phone providers allow you to " email " your phone :
Verizon : 10digitphonenumber@vtext.com
AT&T : 10digitphonenumber@txt.att.net Former AT&T customers : 10digitphonenumber@mmode.com
Sprint : 10digitphonenumber@messaging.sprintpcs.com
T- Mobile : 10digitphonenumber@tmomail.net
Nextel : 10digitphonenumber@messaging.nextel.com
Cingular : 10digitphonenumber@cingularme.com Virgin Mobile : 10digitphonenumber@vmobl.com
Alltel : 10digitphonenumber@alltelmessage.com OR 10digitphonenumber@message.alltel.com CellularOne : 10digitphonenumber@mobile.celloneusa.com
Omnipoint : 10digitphonenumber@omnipointpcs.com
Qwest : 10digitphonenumber@qwestmp.com
Telus : 10digitphonenumber@msg.telus.com
Rogers Wireless : 10digitphonenumber@pcs.rogers.com
Fido : 10digitphonenumber@fido.ca Bell Mobility : 10digitphonenumber@txt.bell.ca Koodo Mobile : 10digitphonenumber@msg.koodomobile.com
MTS : 10digitphonenumber@text.mtsmobility.com
President 's Choice : 10digitphonenumber@txt.bell.ca
Sasktel : 10digitphonenumber@sms.sasktel.com
Solo : 10digitphonenumber@txt.bell.ca
Install mailx which is provided by the package that is found in the official repositories .
Clear the /etc / mail.rc file and enter :
set sendmail= " /usr/bin/mailx " set smtp=smtp.gmail.com:587 set smtp-use - starttls set ssl-verify=ignore set ssl- auth=login set smtp-auth-user=USERNAME@gmail.com set smtp-auth-password=PASSWORD
Now to send the text , we must pipe a message to the mailx program .
Make a Bash script :
/ path/to/mail.sh
echo " $@ : Done " | mailx 5551234567@vtext.com
Where the $@ is a variable holding all the arguments passed to our script .
And finally , add the important ~/.rtorrent.rc line :
system.method.set_key = event.download.finished , notify_me , " execute=/path/to/mail.sh,$d.get_name= "
Breaking it down :
notify_me is the command id , which may be used by other commands , it can be just about anything you like , so long as it is unique .
execute= is the rtorrent command , in this case to execute a shell command .
/ path / to / mail.sh is the name of our script ( or whatever command you want to execute ) followed by a comma separated list of all the switches / arguments to be passed .
$ d.get_name= 'd ' is an alias to whatever download triggered the command , get_name is a function which returns the name of our download , and the ' $ ' tells rTorrent to replace the command with its output before it calls execute .
The end result ?
When that torrent , ' All Live Nudibranches ' , that we started before leaving for work finishes , we will be texted :
All Live Nudibranches : Done
UI Tricks
r Torrent does not list the active tab properly by default , add this line to your .rtorrent.rc to show only active torrents
schedule2 = filter_active ,30,30 , " view.filter = active , \" or={d.up.rate=,d.down.rate=}\ " "
Then press 9 in your rTorrent client to see the changes in action .
To sort the seeding view by the upload rate and only show torrents with peers :
# Sort the seeding view by the upload rate and only show torrents with peers view .
sort_current = seeding , greater=d.up.rate= view.filter = seeding , " and=d.complete=,d.peers_connected= " view.sort_new = seeding , less=d.up.rate= view.sort = seeding
To sort the complete view by the upload rate :
# Sort the complete view by the upload rate view .
sort_current = complete , greater=d.up.rate= view.filter = seeding , " and=d.complete= " view.sort_new = seeding , less=d.up.rate= view.sort = seeding
Manually adding trackers to torrents
Select torrent to edit from rTorrent console view .
Hit Ctrl+x .
If you had four trackers type following lines one at a time ( always press Ctrl+x first ) to add four more for example :
d.tracker.insert= " 5 " , " udp://tracker.publicbt.com:80 " d.tracker.insert= "6 " , " udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80 " d.tracker.insert= "7 " , " udp://tracker.istole.it:80 " d.tracker.insert= " 8 " , " udp://tracker.ccc.de:80 "
Troubleshooting
CA certificates
By default rTorrent will work with trackers that use HTTPS with valid certificates .
If an HTTPS tracker is being rejected because it has a custom or unusual certificate you may need to download it and validate it separately .
Once you have done that you can inform rTorrent of the new certificate via
$ rtorrent -o http_capath=/etc/ssl/certs/www.your-tracker.com.pem
For more information see :
In rTorrent 0.8.9 and up you can disable HTTPS checking completely by setting network.http.ssl_verify_peer.set=0 and network.http.ssl_verify_host.set=0 , source .
Locked directories
r Torrent can sometimes lock up after a crash or incorrect shutdown , and will complain about a lock file .
Per the error message , the file called " rtorrent.lock " can be found within the hidden folder .rtorrentsession for your download directory and manually removed .
Event failed : bad return code
This is most often caused by there being spaces in your system .
method .* lines , or by event handlers that call out to external scripts which are either simply not installed , or return a non -zero exit code .
For the first , remove any spurious spaces , or else quote path etc .
where they are intentional , and it will work .
Web interface
There are numerous web - based front ends for rTorrent ; the most active include the following :
ruTorrent -
Has an interface very similar to μTorrent and supports many plugins and advanced features ( see also : RTorrent / RuTorrent and guide on forum ) .
Flood - Modern interface , written in Node .js using XMLRPC .
Note : rTorrent is currently built using rTorrent is currently built using XML - RPC for C/C++ , which is required for some web interfaces ( e.g. ruTorrent ) .
XMLRPC interface
Unix Socket
If you want to use rtorrent with some web interfaces ( e.g. rutorrent ) you need to add the following line to the configuration file , replacing user with the user who runs rtorrent :
scgi_local = /home/user/rpc.socket execute.nothrow = chmod,770,/home/user/rpc.socket
For more information see : Using XMLRPC with rtorrent
SCGI Port
This article or section is out of date .
Reason : Using scgi_port , below , uses TCP which allows any local user to execute arbitrary commands as the user owning the rTorrent process .
Use UNIX domain sockets outlined above , for sane opsec , by way of setting UNIX permissions on the socket file .
( Discuss in Using scgi_port , below , uses TCP which allowsuser toas the user owning the rTorrent process .
Use UNIX domain sockets outlined above , for sane opsec , by way of setting UNIX permissions on the socket file .
( Discuss in Talk : RTorrent #
scgi_port = localhost : 5000
Note : rTorrent natively supports downloading torrents through magnet links .
At the main view ( reached by starting rTorrent and pressing 1 ) , press enter .
At " load.normal > " paste the magnet link and press enter again .
This will start the download .
If you wish to have magnet links automatically added to your watch folder , here is a script that will do the trick :
#!/bin/bash watch_folder=~/.rtorrent/watch cd $ watch_folder [ [ " $ 1 " =~ xt=urn : btih : ( [ ^& / ] + ) ] ] || exit ; echo " d10:magnet-uri${#1} :$ {1}e " > " meta-$ {BASH_REMATCH[ 1]}.torrent "
( adapted from https://blog.gonzih.me/blog/2012/02/17/how-to-use-magnet-links-with-rtorrent/).
Save it , for instance as rtorrent - magnet , give it execution permission , and place it somewhere under your $ PATH .
Then in Firefox :
Type about : config into the Location Bar ( address bar ) and press Enter .
Right - click : New > Boolean > Name : network.protocol-handler.expose.magnet >
Value > false .
Next time you click a magnet link you will be asked which application to open it with .
Select the script we just created and you will be done .
If you want xdg - open to handle this , which you need if you are using chrome instead of Firefox , ( though gnome and other DE might have their own programs overriding xdg - open ) you need to create the desktop entry for the rtorrent - magnet script in ~/.local/ share/applications/rtorrent-magnet.desktop with the following content :
[ Desktop Entry ] Type=Application Name=rtorrent - magnet Exec=rtorrent - magnet %U MimeType=x - scheme - handler / magnet ; NoDisplay=true
Then all you need to do is to register the mimetype using
$ xdg-mime default rtorrent - magnet.desktop x-scheme - handler / magnet
Magnet to Torrent
You could also use the AUR package which downloads the metadata and creates a torrent file .
How to use :
$ magnet2torrent -m < magnet link > -o [ torrent file ]
Or use and , to process magnet links from clipboard :
$ d=$( xdg-user - dir DOWNLOAD ) $ c=$ ( xclip -o - selection clipboard | grep ^magnet ) $ aria2c -d " $ d " -- input - file <( echo " $ c " ) --bt-metadata-only=true --bt-save-metadata=true
rtorrent-ps
rTorrent - PS is an rTorrent distribution in form of a patchset with UI enhancements , colorization , and some added features .
Installation
Use the various packages available in the AUR , or alternatively create a package using the build script from the GitHub repository , which additionally builds pre-tested dependency versions and may help avoid known issues .
See the docs for details .
Configuration
Set " pyro.extended " to 1 in your rTorrent configuration file to activate rTorrent - PS features .
method.insert = pyro.extended , value|const , 1
See rtorrent - ps templates of the pimp - my - box repository for additional configuration examples .
Be aware they may require PyroScope command line utilities to work .
PyroScope command line utilities
PyroScope command line utilities are a collection of tools for the the rTorrent client that work well together with the #rtorrent - ps patchset .
Amongst other things , they provide automation for common tasks and a queue manager for rTorrent .
Follow the official documentation for installation and configuration .
See rtorrent - ps templates of the pimp - my - box repository for additional configuration examples .
See also
Forum threads
Mr Crist came under fire from critics within the Republican Party who accused him of being too moderate .
He had drawn suspicion and criticism from within his party since early last year , when he welcomed President Obama 's economic stimulus package , saying it could help his cash - strapped state .
Since the SPLC warned the U.S. military about extremist activity among active - duty personnel in 2006 , the Pentagon brass has steadfastly denied that a problem existed and insisted that its “ zero - tolerance ” policy was sufficient to keep organized racists out of its ranks .
That changed this past November , when the Pentagon quietly tightened its policy on extremist activity , which formerly only banned “ active participation ” in extremist groups but did not define what that meant .
Under the new regulations , military personnel “ must not actively advocate supremacist doctrine , ideology or causes ” or “ otherwise advance efforts to deprive individuals of their civil rights . ”
The new rules specify that “ active participation ” includes activities such as recruiting , fundraising , demonstrating or rallying , training , organizing and distributing supremacist material , including online posts .
The revision should give commanders ample new tools to root out racial extremists in their midst .
The previous policy , in effect since the mid-1990s , could be interpreted to mean that military personnel were allowed to be “ mere members ” of hate groups or that they could engage in unaffiliated extremist activities — such as posting racist and anti-Semitic messages to social networking websites and e-mail lists or maintaining online profiles filled with racist materials .
As the SPLC has repeatedly pointed out , the policy allowed numerous active - duty members to engage in a range of supremacist activities .
The policy change , which slipped under the radar for months , was reported Friday by Michael Isikoff of Newsweek .
In a blog post , Isikoff examined the military backgrounds of two members of the Hutaree Militia , the radical Michigan group whose members were indicted late last month in a plot to murder a law enforcement officer and then attack the funeral procession with homemade bombs and missiles .
The SPLC has been urging the Pentagon to revise the regulations since 2006 , when it published “ A Few Bad Men , ” a report revealing that large numbers of neo - Nazi skinheads and other white supremacists were joining the armed forces to acquire combat and weapons training – skills that could be used to commit terrorist acts against targets in the U.S .
The report cited the case of Matt Buschbacher , a Navy SEAL who attended the 2002 leadership conference of the neo -Nazi National Alliance while on active duty .
The group ’s late leader , who espoused murdering Jews in abandoned coal mines , was the author of The Turner Diaries , the race war novel used by Timothy McVeigh as a blueprint for the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .
The SPLC alerted military officials to the fact that Buschbacher was producing neo -Nazi recruitment flyers via his Racialpride.com website , but he was allowed to complete his tour of duty in Iraq and even given an honorable discharge .
Another example in the 2006 report was the case of Robert Lee West , then an active - duty airman .
When the SPLC informed military officials of West ’s activities , which included posing in front of a swastika flag with two assault rifles and ranting about the “ Zionist Occupied Government , ” they said no action would be taken unless he recruited fellow extremists or committed a crime .
In a letter to then - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , SPLC President Richard Cohen urged the military to adopt a zero- tolerance policy with regard to extremists in the ranks .
Forty members of Congress wrote a similar letter , as did Sen. Richard Shelby , an Alabama Republican .
But in his reply and in subsequent letters , Under Secretary of Defense David S. C. Chu dismissed the concerns as being unnecessarily alarmist .
The military took no remedial action .
Two years later , in 2008 , the SPLC reported new evidence that supported its initial findings .
That report revealed that 46 members of the white supremacist social networking website Newsaxon.com had identified themselves as active - duty military personnel .
The report quoted a racist skinhead who posted a comment to a neo - Nazi online forum , excitedly saying that he had joined the Army and specifically requested an assignment where he would learn how to make an explosive device .
“ I have my own reasons for wanting this training but in fear of the government tracing me and me loosing [ sic ] my clearance I ca n’t share them here , ” wrote the poster , who called himself “ Sobibor ’s SS , ” a reference to guards at a Nazi concentration camp .
After that report , Cohen reiterated his request to the Pentagon that the rules be tightened .
Once again , Chu replied by saying the military already had such a policy in place and needed nothing more .
“ We are committed to sustaining a culture in which all personnel from diverse backgrounds serve together in defense of our great nation , ” Chu wrote .
Meanwhile , an unclassified FBI Intelligence Assessment in Fall 2008 detailed more than a dozen investigative findings and criminal cases involving Iraq and Afghanistan veterans as well as other active - duty personnel engaging in extremist activity in recent years .
“ The military training veterans bring to the [ white supremacist ] movement and their potential to pass this training on to others can increase the ability of lone offenders to carry out violence from the movement ’s fringes , ” the FBI report warned .
In February 2009 , the threat became even harder to ignore .
Lance Corporal Kody Brittingham , a Marine stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , was arrested and later charged with threatening the president after investigators found white supremacist materials and a journal containing a plot to assassinate President Obama among his belongings .
Then , in April 2009 , a Department of Homeland Security report on the threat of domestic terrorism from right - wing extremists stated that the department “ assesses that rightwing extremists will attempt to recruit and radicalize returning veterans in order to exploit their skills and knowledge derived from military training and combat . ”
With no apparent action being taken by the Pentagon , in July 2009 the SPLC appealed to Congress to investigate the problem .
In a letter to committee chairmen with oversight over homeland security and the armed services , the SPLC presented dozens of additional profiles of active - duty military personnel on the New Saxon website .
Those profiles included an individual who wrote that he was about to be deployed with the Air Force overseas and was looking forward to “ killing all the bloody sand n------!”
Another poster listed Adolf Hitler ’s Mein Kampf as one of his favorite books .
Many of the profiles included pictures of the posters in military uniform .
Two months later , in September , SPLC officials were invited to brief staff members of Sen. Joe Lieberman ’s Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
The Pentagon ’s November rule revision , at long last , wo n’t eliminate all racial extremists or potential terrorists from the armed services .
But it is a significant step forward and should make it much easier for commanders to investigate and discharge the likes of Matt Buschbacher and Robert Lee West .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Angry Hatian demonstrators have been met with teargas as they protested at the government 's efforts to re-build the country following the January earthqauke .
Thousands of people are still living in squalid , makeshift camps around the capital Port au Prince .
The Acra camp is home to around 25,000 people .
It is run by the American Refugee Committee and contains temporary schools , clinics , a cinema and even a cock - fighting ring .
One of the residents , Ulysse Michelet gave BBC News a tour of Acra camp and his makeshift home .
IRVING , Tex .
The idea for the New York area hosting an outdoor Super Bowl was hatched nearly four years ago , when the Giants and the Jets agreed to build a new stadium together in the Meadowlands .
The Jets ’ hopes for an enclosed stadium on the Far West Side of Manhattan had fallen through , even though N.F.L. owners had awarded them a Super Bowl that was conditional on getting the stadium built .
So when the teams joined forces , the Jets ’ owner , Woody Johnson , brought with him the pie - in - the - sky notion that the game should come to New York , anyway .
John Mara , a Giants co-owner , was not so sure .
There had been sentiment for New York hosting a Super Bowl at Giants Stadium shortly after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , but that support had withered away .
Johnson , though , was relentless , Mara said .
Johnson is a relative newcomer to ownership , having owned the Jets for only 10 years , and he is viewed as the less influential owner in the forced marriage between the Giants , one of the N.F.L. ’s flagship franchises , and the Jets .
But as he began to ask around the league about the idea , Mara was surprised to find enthusiasm for a game in the New York - New Jersey region .
And so on Tuesday , with Mara wearing his father ’s 1956 championship game ring for good luck , and with his fellow owners lured by the idea of playing the sport ’s biggest game on the nation ’s largest stage , the N.F.L. awarded the 2014 Super Bowl to New York - New Jersey , making the New Meadowlands Stadium the host of the first outdoor cold - weather Super Bowl in history .
“ Why not , ” Johnson said after the vote .
“ We play every other game in cold weather , rain and snow .
Would I want to do it every year ?
Probably not .
But 2014 sounds good . ”
Image caption 26 m German homes have wifi according to official figures .
German citizens are responsible for the security of their own private wireless connections , a court has ruled .
The ruling comes after a musician sued the owner of a network connection that had been used to illegally download and file - share music .
The owner had proof that the householder was on holiday at the time but the court ruled that the network should have been password - protected .
The court 's verdict was that the owner could be fined up to 100 euros ( £ 86 ) .
" Private users are obligated to check whether their wireless connection is adequately secured to the danger of unauthorized third parties abusing it to commit copyright violation , " the court in Karlsruhe said .
While it did not find the owner guilty of actual copyright violation the ruling was that the person must take a degree of responsibility for their connection being used to break the law .
British intellectual property barrister David Harris described the verdict as " eccentric " .
" I do n't think there is any prospect that a UK court would follow that guideline , " he told BBC News .
" There is no criminal provision in English law that requires you to secure a wi- fi connection , and currently no liability for the acts of another party if they misuse your connection . "
There would be " substantial hurdles " to implementing this judgement in the UK , said Mr Harris .
In a similar case in the UK in 2005 , Gregory Straszkiewicz was fined £ 500 and given a 12 months conditional discharge for using the wireless network of an Ealing resident without permission .
The owner of the network was not charged .
However the Digital Economy Bill does suggest that there may be some changes to the law regarding liability in the future , he added .
" Wifi sharing has already subsided because individuals are nervous , " said analyst Ian Fogg from Forrester Research .
Even if there is n't a legal issue , there could still be an issue if your broadband provider or package has a limit on how much you can use your connection or terms and conditions about how it should be used . "
Initiatives such as Fon , a collaboration between BT and other European ISPs , encourage small businesses and home owners to share their wifi connections in a secure way which separates the activity from the owner to its guest users .
As I have said before , Elizabeth Warren is one of the people I find most informative on the economy we have created .
This lecture ( from January 31 , 2008 ) is very interesting : The Coming Collapse of the Middle Class : higher risks , lower rewards and a shrinking safety net .
It is important for us to realize that the decisions we make have consequences .
If we allow corruption to grow and grow in the USA we will suffer more and more .
If we continue to elect people that give away society wealth to those the pay them to the detriment of society ( investment banks , drug companies , “ intellectual property ” lawyers , retail banks , farmers , trial lawyers , hedge fund managers , trust fund babies , physicians … ) that naturally means their is less wealth for the rest of society .
Interesting data .
Looking at standard family ( Mom , Dad and 2 kids from 1970 to 2005 ) , in inflation adjusted dollars : earnings increased a great deal ( due to women working much more ) but disposable income decreased .
This is because basic expenses increased : health care , housing , transportation … ( and this is with assuming employer provided health care – which has really been decreasing in likelihood over time ) .
Those families are also more deeply in debt and reliant on 2 incomes .
And if either income producer losses their jobs the economics of the family fail .
Which means the family is much more at risk .
It really is great that lectures like this are available to us now .
Related : Elizabeth Warren Webcast On Failure to Fix the System – In the USA 43 % Have Less Than $ 10,000 in Retirement Savings – Failure to Regulate Financial Markets Leads to Predictable Consequences – Lobbyists Keep Tax Off Billion Dollar Private Equities Deals and On For Our Grandchildren
Comments
I blogged about tolerance once .
I do n’t much care for the word when it ’s used to describe the desired end state of how one person feels about another .
I prefer acceptance for that .
You know , though , I ’ve been considering that I ’m less polemically tolerant than I once was .
I ’ve been a big “ respect all views ” guy for a long time , but there are some things for which I am beginning to lose patience .
I am less tolerant of the view that liberal mobs , screaming and burning the targets of their derision in effigy , are a sign of a healthy and vibrant democracy , while peaceful , respectful , well - behaved gatherings of conservative and libertarian citizens concerned about government spending are powder kegs awaiting the slightest spark to set off another Oklahoma City bombing .
I am less tolerant of the belief that ( insert mainstream media news outlet here ) is a bastion of objectivity and journalistic integrity , possessing as its only agenda the sober and passionless transmission of information to its audience , while Fox News is a screeching right - wing hate machine .
I am less tolerant of people for whom capacity to believe what the president says becomes limitless when he is a liberal Democrat , and nonexistent when he is a Republican .
See previous bullet ; substitute “ respect for the office of the presidency ” for “ capacity to believe what the president says . ”
I am less tolerant of people either too ignorant or too stupid to know what the Constitution says , as well as attempts to radicalize questions of constitutionality when raised in objection .
“ People who believe fairy tales should have to live at home with their parents …we cannot release them into the world and they certainly should not vote ! ” – Frances Taylor
If I recall correctly , this was my friend Frances responding to someone who believed that Obamacare would provide new insurance coverage to 35 million people while reducing federal deficits .
Was she kidding ?
Mostly .
Maybe .
I do n’t know .
Maybe not .
Probably not much .
Folks , I ’m going to have to ask you to get smarter .
You know who you are .
Thanking you very kindly in advance .
You might also like :
Tea Party Crazy Has a History Editor ’s Note :
There are times when hearing the inchoate anger of some Tea Partiers – and the political appeal that their “ message ” seems to have – one is inclined to think that many of today ’s Americans just like their crazy .
However , the phenomenon is not entirely a new one .
As historian William Blum notes in this guest essay ( published originally at “ the Anti-Empire Report ” ) , the American Right has long embraced crazy notions , especially during the Cold War :
If you shake your head and roll your eyes at the nonsense coming out of the Teabagger followers of Sarah “ Africa is a country ” Palin and other intellectual giants like Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh ...
Email
Printer friendly
If you have thoughts of moving abroad after the latest silly lies and fantasies like “ Obama the Marxist ” and “ Obama the antichrist ” ...
If you share Noam Chomsky ’s feeling : " I have never seen anything like this in my lifetime ” ...
Keep in mind that the right wing has long been at least as stupid and as mean - spirited .
Consider some of the behavior of the same types for half a century during the Cold War with its beloved -- albeit imaginary -- " International Communist Conspiracy . ”
-- 1948 : The Pittsburgh Press published the names , addresses , and places of employment of about 1,000 citizens who had signed presidential - nominating petitions for former Vice President Henry Wallace , running under the Progressive Party .
This , and a number of other lists of “ communists ” , published in the mainstream media , resulted in people losing their jobs , being expelled from unions , having their children abused , being denied state welfare benefits , and suffering various other punishments .
-- Around 1950 : The House Committee on Un - American Activities published a pamphlet , “ 100 Things You Should Know About Communism in the U.S.A . ”
This included information about what a communist takeover of the United States would mean : Q : What would happen to my insurance ?
A : It would go to the Communists .
Q : Would communism give me something better than I have now ?
A : Not unless you are in a penitentiary serving a life sentence at hard labor .
--1950s : Mrs. Ada White , member of the Indiana State Textbook Commission , believed that Robin Hood was a Communist and urged that books that told the Robin Hood story be banned from Indiana schools .
-- As evidence that anti-communist mania was not limited to the lunatic fringe or conservative newspaper publishers , here is Clark Kerr , president of the University of California at Berkeley in a 1959 speech : “ Perhaps 2 or even 20 million people have been killed in China by the new [ communist ] regime . ”
One person wrote to Kerr : “ I am wondering how you would judge a person who estimates the age of a passerby on the street as being ' perhaps 2 or even 20 years old . '
Or what would you think of a physician who tells you to take ' perhaps 2 or even twenty teaspoonsful of a remedy ' ? ”
-- Throughout the cold war , traffic in phoney Lenin quotes was brisk , each one passed around from one publication or speaker to another for years .
Here 's U.S. News and World Report in 1958 demonstrating communist duplicity by quoting Lenin : “ Promises are like pie crusts , made to be broken . ”
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles used it in a speech shortly afterward , one of many to do so during the cold war .
Lenin actually did use a very similar line , but he explicitly stated that he was quoting an English proverb ( it comes from Jonathan Swift ) and his purpose was to show the unreliability of the bourgeoisie , not of communists .
--“ First we will take Eastern Europe , then the masses of Asia , then we will encircle the United States , which will be the last bastion of capitalism .
We will not have to attack .
It will fall like an overripe fruit into our hands . ”
This Lenin “ quotation ” had the usual wide circulation , even winding up in the Congressional Record in 1962 .
This was not simply a careless attribution ; this was an out - and - out fabrication ; an extensive search , including by the Library of Congress and the United States Information Agency failed to find its origin .
-- A favorite theme of the anti-communists was that a principal force behind drug trafficking was a communist plot to demoralize the United States .
Here 's a small sample :
Don Keller , District Attorney for San Diego County , California in 1953 : “ We know that more heroin is being produced south of the border than ever before and we are beginning to hear stories of financial backing by big shot Communists operating out of Mexico City . ”
Henry Giordano , Commissioner of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , 1964 , interviewed in the American Legion Magazine : Interviewer : “ I 've been told that the communists are trying to flood our country with narcotics to weaken our moral and physical stamina .
Is that true ? ”
Giordano : “ As far as the drugs are concerned , it 's true .
There 's a terrific flow of drugs coming out of Yunnan Province of China .
...
There 's no question that in that particular area this is the aim of the Red Chinese .
It should be apparent that if you could addict a population you would degrade a nation 's moral fiber . ”
Fulton Lewis , Jr. , prominent conservative radio broadcaster and newspaper columnist , 1965 : “ Narcotics of Cuban origin -- marijuana , cocaine , opium , and heroin -- are now peddled in big cities and tiny hamlets throughout this country .
Several Cubans arrested by the Los Angeles police have boasted they are communists . ”
We were also told that along with drugs another tool of the commies to undermine America 's spirit was fluoridation of the water .
-- Mickey Spillane was one of the most successful writers of the 1950s , selling millions of his anticommunist thriller mysteries .
Here is his hero , Mike Hammer , in “ One Lonely Night ” , boasting of his delight in the grisly murders he commits , all in the name of destroying a communist plot to steal atomic secrets .
After a night of carnage , the triumphant Hammer gloats , “ I shot them in cold blood and enjoyed every minute of it .
I pumped slugs into the nastiest bunch of bastards you ever saw .
...
They were Commies . ...
Pretty soon what 's left of Russia and the slime that breeds there wo n't be worth mentioning and I 'm glad because I had a part in the killing .
God , but it was fun ! ”
-- 1952 : A campaign against the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization because it was tainted with “ atheism and communism ” , and was “ subversive ” because it preached internationalism .
Any attempt to introduce an international point of view in the schools was seen as undermining patriotism and loyalty to the United States .
A bill in the U.S. Senate , clearly aimed at UNESCO , called for a ban on the funding of “ any international agency that directly or indirectly promoted one - world government or world citizenship . ”
There was also opposition to UNESCO 's association with the UN Declaration of Human Rights on the grounds that it was trying to replace the American Bill of Rights with a less liberty - giving covenant of human rights .
-- 1955 : A US Army 6 - page pamphlet , “ How to Spot a Communist ” , informed us that a communist could be spotted by his predisposition to discuss civil rights , racial and religious discrimination , the immigration laws , anti-subversive legislation , curbs on unions , and peace .
Good Americans were advised to keep their ears stretched for such give - away terms as " chauvinism " , " book - burning " , " colonialism " , " demagogy " , " witch hunt " , " reactionary " , " progressive " , and " exploitation " .
Another “ distinguishing mark ” of “ Communist language ” was a “ preference for long sentences . ”
After some ridicule , the Army rescinded the pamphlet .
-- 1958 : The noted sportscaster Bill Stern ( one of the heroes of my youth ) observed on the radio that the lack of interest in " big time " football at New York University , City College of New York , Chicago , and Harvard " is due to the widespread acceptance of Communism at the universities . "
-- 1960 : U.S. General Thomas
Power speaking about nuclear war or a first strike by the U.S. : " The whole idea is to kill the bastards !
At the end of the war , if there are two Americans and one Russian , we win ! "
The response from one of those present was : " Well , you 'd better make sure that they 're a man and a woman . "
-- 1966 : The Boys Club of America is of course wholesome and patriotic .
Imagine their horror when they were confused with the Dubois Clubs .
( W.E.B . Du Bois had been a very prominent civil rights activist . )
When the Justice Department required the DuBois Clubs to register as a Communist front group , good loyal Americans knew what to do .
They called up the Boys Club to announce that they would no longer contribute any money , or to threaten violence against them ; and sure enough an explosion damaged the national headquarters of the youth group in San Francisco .
Then former Vice President Richard Nixon , who was national board chairman of the Boys Club , declared : “ This is an almost classic example of Communist deception and duplicity .
The ' DuBois Clubs ' are not unaware of the confusion they are causing among our supporters and among many other good citizens . ”
-- 1966 : “ Rhythm , Riots and Revolution : An Analysis of the Communist Use of Music , The Communist Master Music Plan ” , by David A. Noebel , published by Christian Crusade Publications , ( expanded version of 1965 pamphlet : “ Communism , Hypnotism and the Beatles ” ) .
Some chapters : Communist Use of Mind Warfare ... Nature of Red Record Companies ... Destructive Nature of Beatle Music ... Communist Subversion of Folk Music ... Folk Music and the Negro Revolution ... Folk Music and the College Revolution .
-- 1968 : William Calley , U.S. Army Lieutenant , charged with overseeing the massacre of more than 100 Vietnamese civilians in My Lai in 1968 , said some years later : " In all my years in the Army I was never taught that communists were human beings .
We were there to kill ideology carried by -- I do n't know -- pawns , blobs , pieces of flesh .
I was there to destroy communism .
We never conceived of old people , men , women , children , babies . "
-- 1977 : Scientists theorized that the earth 's protective ozone layer was being damaged by synthetic chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons .
The manufacturers and users of CFCs were not happy .
They made life difficult for the lead scientist .
The president of one aerosol manufacturing firm suggested that criticism of CFCs was “ orchestrated by the Ministry of Disinformation of the KGB . ”
-- 1978 : Life inside a California youth camp of the ultra anti-communist John Birch Society : Five hours each day of lectures on communism , Americanism and “ The Conspiracy ” ; campers learned that the Soviet government had created a famine and spread a virus to kill a large number of citizens and make the rest of them more manageable ; the famine led starving adults to eat their children ; communist guerrillas in Southeast Asia jammed chopsticks into children 's ears , piercing their eardrums ; American movies are all under the control of the Communists ; the theme is always that capitalism is no better than communism ; you can't find a dictionary now that is n't under communist influence ; the communists are also taking over the Bibles .
-- The Reagan administration declared that the Russians were spraying toxic chemicals over Laos , Cambodia and Afghanistan -- the so - called " yellow rain " -- and had caused more than ten thousand deaths by 1982 alone , ( including , in Afghanistan , 3,042 deaths attributed to 47 separate incidents between the summer of 1979 and the summer of 1981 , so precise was the information ) .
Secretary of State Alexander Haig was a prime dispenser of such stories , and President Reagan himself denounced the Soviet Union thusly more than 15 times in documents and speeches .
The " yellow rain " , it turned out , was pollen - laden feces dropped by huge swarms of honeybees flying far overhead .
-- 1982 : In commenting about sexual harassment in the Army , General John Crosby stated that the Army does n't care about soldiers ' social lives --
“ The basic purpose of the United States Army is to kill Russians , ” he said .
-- 1983 : During the U.S. invasion of Grenada , the home of the Cuban ambassador is damaged and looted by American soldiers ; on one wall is written " AA " , symbol of the 82nd Airborne Division ; beside it the message : " Eat shit , commie faggot . " ... " I want to fuck communism out of this little island , " says a marine , " and fuck it right back to Moscow . ”
-- 1984 : During a sound check just before his weekly broadcast , President Reagan spoke these words into the microphone : “ My fellow Americans , I am pleased to tell you I have signed legislation to outlaw Russia , forever .
We begin bombing in five minutes . ”
His words were picked up by at least two radio networks .
-- 1985 : October 29 BBC interview with Ronald Reagan : asked about the differences he saw between the U.S. and Russia , the president replied : “ I 'm no linguist , but I 've been told that in the Russian language there is n't even a word for freedom . ”
( The word is “ svoboda ” . )
-- 1986 : Soviet artists and cultural officials criticized Rambo - like American films as an expression of “ anti-Russian phobia even more pathological than in the days of McCarthyism ” .
Russian film - maker Stanislav Rostofsky claimed that on one visit to an American school “ a young girl had trembled with fury when she heard I was from the Soviet Union , and said she hated Russians . ”
-- 1986 : Roy Cohn , who achieved considerable fame and notoriety in the 1950s as an assistant to the communist - witch - hunting Senator Joseph McCarthy , died , reportedly of AIDS .
Cohn , though homosexual , had denied that he was and had denounced such rumors as communist smears .
-- 1986 : After American journalist Nicholas Daniloff was arrested in Moscow for “ spying ” and held in custody for two weeks , New York Mayor Edward Koch sent a group of 10 visiting Soviet students storming out of City Hall in fury .
“ The Soviet government is the pits , ” said Koch , visibly shocking the students , ranging in age from 10 to 18 years .
One 14 - year - old student was so outraged he declared : “ I do n't want to stay in this house .
I want to go to the bus and go far away from this place .
The mayor is very rude .
We never had a worse welcome anywhere . ”
As matters turned out , it appeared that Daniloff had not been completely pure when it came to his news gathering .
--1989 : After the infamous Chinese crackdown on dissenters in Tiananmen Square in June , the U.S. news media was replete with reports that the governments of Nicaragua , Vietnam and Cuba had expressed their support of the Chinese leadership .
Said the Wall Street Journal : “ Nicaragua , with Cuba and Vietnam , constituted the only countries in the world to approve the Chinese Communists ' slaughter of the students in Tiananmen Square . ”
But it was all someone 's fabrication ; no such support had been expressed by any of the three governments .
At that time , as now , there were few , if any , organizations other than the CIA which could manipulate major Western media in such a manner .
NOTE : It should be remembered that the worst consequences of anti-communism were not those discussed above .
The worst consequences , the ultra-criminal consequences , were the abominable death , destruction , and violation of human rights that we know under various names : Vietnam , Chile , Korea , Guatemala , Cambodia , Indonesia , Brazil , Greece , Afghanistan , El Salvador , and many others .
[ Sources for almost all of the above examples can be found in William Blum , “ Freeing the World to Death : Essays on the American Empire ” ( 2005 ) , chapter 12 ; or the author can be queried at bblum6@aol.com ]
Even after the end of the cold war , anti-communism continues to have a detrimental effect upon the intelligence and honesty of Americans .
In April , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that the Castro brothers " do not want to see an end to the embargo and do not want to see normalization with the United States because they would then lose all the excuses for what has n't happened in Cuba in the last 50 years . "
[ Agence France Presse , April 25 , 2010 ]
She does n’t believe that herself .
But she thinks the rest of us are stupid enough to swallow it .
If she did believe it , she ’d advocate normalization of U.S. - Cuban relations just to stick it to the Castros and show them up for the frauds she says they are .
In effect the American Secretary of State declared that the central element of U.S. Cuba policy for 50 years has done exactly the opposite of what it was intended to accomplish .
Washington , for all practical purposes , has been a loyal -- if unwitting -- ally of the Havana regime .
As to “ what has n’t happened in Cuba in the last 50 years ” -- to add to the mountain of other evidence of the benevolence of Cuban society we now have Save the Children 's “ State of the World 's Mothers Report 2010 " .
Save the Children , an internationally acclaimed children ’s advocate organization , annually ranks the best and worst places to be a mother .
Amongst the 81 “ Less Developed Countries ” analyzed , Cuba is ranked number one ; i.e. , the best place to be a mother .
( Amongst the 43 “ More Developed Countries ” analyzed , the United States is ranked number 28 . )
Cuban National Assembly president Ricardo Alarcon responded to Clinton ’s statement by saying : " If she really thinks that the blockade benefits the Cuban government -- which she wants to undermine -- the solution is very simple : that they lift it even for a year to see whether it is in our interest or theirs . " [ Agence France Presse , April 25 , 2010 ] William Blum is the author of Killing Hope : U.S. Military and CIA Interventions Since World War II .
For more of Blum ’s commentaries and other books , go to http://killinghope.org .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud suit on Friday that essentially says that Goldman built the financial equivalent of a time bomb and then sold it to unwitting investors .
Mr. Egol , 40 , was not named in the S.E.C. ’s suit .
Goldman has vowed to fight the S.E.C .
But the allegations have left many on Wall Street wondering how far the investigation might spread inside Goldman and perhaps beyond .
Pressure on Goldman mounted on Sunday as two members of Congress and Gordon Brown , Britain ’s prime minister , called for investigations into the bank ’s role in the mortgage market .
Germany also said it was considering legal action against the bank .
Mr. Tourre was the only person named in the S.E.C. suit .
But according to interviews with eight former Goldman employees , senior bank executives played a pivotal role in overseeing the mortgage unit just as the housing market began to go south .
These people spoke on the condition that they not be named so as not to jeopardize business relationships or to anger executives at Goldman , viewed as the most powerful bank on Wall Street .
According to these people , executives up to and including Lloyd C. Blankfein , the chairman and chief executive , took an active role in overseeing the mortgage unit as the tremors in the housing market began to reverberate through the nation ’s economy .
It was Goldman ’s top leadership , these people say , that finally ended the dispute on the mortgage desk by siding with those who , like Mr. Tourre and Mr. Egol , believed home prices would decline .
Researchers suggest public policy may be to blame for the wealth gap A new study has found that the gap in wealth between white and black Americans increased by more than four times between 1984 and 2007 .
The study released by the Institute on Assets and Social Policy ( IASP ) found that African - Americans who earn substantial incomes have been unable to increase their net worth .
In 23 years , the gap rose by $ 75,000 ( £ 52,000 ) , from $ 20,000 to $ 95,000 .
The study suggested these figures reflected public policy in the US .
IASP found that public policies in the US benefited the wealthiest people , through tax cuts on investment income and inheritances , and disadvantaged others through discrimination in housing , credit and labour markets .
" There continues to be a persistence of racial segregation , " said Thomas Shapiro , IASP director and co-author of the paper .
Mr Shapiro said that racial segregation operated by limiting the value of property in a community that is primarily African American , in comparison to a community that is predominantly white .
' The gap widens '
There was also a dramatic growth in financial assets among white families from a median value of $ 22,000 to $ 100,000 , while African - Americans saw very little increase in financial assets and had a median wealth of $ 5,000 in 2007 .
The study stated the most notable gap was found between high - income whites and blacks .
I was shocked by how large the number was
Thomas Shapiro
IASP director
By 2007 , the average middle - income white household accumulated $ 74,000 , while average high - income African - Americans earned only $ 18,000 .
IASP said its study suggested job achievements were not adequate predictors of wealth holdings due to disparities between the wealth held by whites and blacks in the same income categories .
Income equality for African - Americans does not necessarily lead to racial wealth equality .
" I was shocked by how large the number was , " Mr Shapiro said .
" I 've been in this research business , and looking at similar kinds of issues , for a long period of time , but even in my cynical and jaded moments I did n't expect that outcome over one generation . "
IASP 's study concluded with a suggestion that public policy could now be used to close the gap it has created and sustained .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I may have to get a divorce from the news , as nothing adds up anymore .
For example , even as the stock market surges along , as one might expect at the tail end of trillions in stimulus and bailouts , and retail sales apparently roared ahead in March according to the Commerce Department , small businesses are as gloomy as they ’ve ever been .
I really do have a difficult time trying to understand the source of the disconnect between these entirely divergent reports :
Retail sales surge in March
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) — Retail sales soared in March , the government said Wednesday , in the latest sign of improving consumer confidence .
The Commerce Department said total retail sales jumped 1.6 % last month , the largest monthly increase since November , from an upwardly revised 0.5 % gain in February .
Peering into these excellent results a bit deeper , we find many sources of strength :
Thomson Reuters , which tracks monthly same - store sales for 30 chains including Costco and Target said last week that chain stores posted the biggest single monthly sales gain on record in March , extending a run of seven straight monthly increases .
It would appear , then , that the consumer is back and that we ’re all but out of the woods .
Then how come nobody invited small businesses to the party ?
Look at this dismal survey of small businesses , comprising 50 % of GDP and over 60 % of hiring , for the same month of March :
Small Business Optimism Declines in March
WASHINGTON , April 13 , 2010 – The National Federation of Independent Business Index of Small Business Optimism lost 1.2 points in March , falling to 86.8 .
The persistence of index readings below 90 is unprecedented in survey history .
“ The March reading is very low and headed in the wrong direction , ” said Bill Dunkelberg , NFIB chief economist .
“ Something is n’t sitting well with small business owners .
Poor sales and uncertainty continue to overwhelm any other good news about the economy . ”
The index has posted 18 consecutive monthly readings below 90 .
In March , nine of the 10 Index components fell or were unchanged from February ’s not - so - great readings .
This is a very sour report and does not reconcile well with the idea of surging sales and seven straight months of increasing consumer activity .
Even more to the point , the report continues with some dire specifics about the state of retail affairs for small businesses :
Sales and Inventories
The net percent of all owners ( seasonally adjusted ) reporting higher nominal sales in the past three months improved 1 point to a net negative 25 percent .
Widespread price cutting continued to contribute to reports of lower nominal sales .
The net percent of owners expecting real sales gains lost three points , falling to a net negative 3 percent of all owners , seasonally adjusted .
Small business owners continued to liquidate inventories and weak sales trends gave little reason to order new stock .
A net negative 18 percent of all owners reported gains in inventories ( more firms cut stocks than added to them , seasonally adjusted ) , 10 points better than December ’s record reading but unchanged from February .
Widespread price cutting and negative sales ?
Continued liquidation of inventory stock ?
These are not even remotely consistent with the retail reports coming out of the government right now .
Something does n’t add up .
But wait , the disconnect gets worse .
According to the retail data supplied by the government , not only are sales up seven months in a row , they are up a hefty 7.6 % on a yr/ yr basis .
That ’s huge .
The only problem is , somebody forgot to tell the retailers to collect and remit sales tax on those purchases to the states in which they are operating :
Texas sales tax revenue down 7.8 percent in March
April 7 , 2010
Texas sales tax collections were down 7.8 percent in March , compared with the same month a year ago .
Texas Comptroller Susan Combs said Wednesday that the state collected $ 1.46 billion in sales tax revenue in March .
Although that ’s down , she said collections continue to moderate for the second month in a row .
How are we supposed to reconcile a 7.6 % surge with a 7.8 % decline ?
Oh well , Texas is just one out of 50 states , albeit a big one , so perhaps their experience is highly unusual ?
New Jersey Taxes $ 250 Million Behind Christie Plan
April 6 ( Bloomberg ) — New Jersey will get about $ 250 million less revenue than Governor Chris Christie projected for this fiscal year and next because of lagging retail sales taxes , according to a copy of a legislative analyst ’s report provided by a person who received it before its release .
Okay , so New Jersey is in the same boat , but good state - by - state sales - tax - receipt data is hard to come by , so perhaps there ’s a lot of good news coming from all the states besides the two I listed .
I ’ll keep searching .
For now , the difference between what small businesses are reporting about the condition of their businesses and what the government and major chains are reporting is hard to reconcile .
There ’s an enormous gap there .
States and Municipalities Experiencing Real Pain
The other disconnect is between the incredibly optimistic stories that we are reading about how great the economy is doing and how poorly states and municipalities are doing .
The size of the gap is very difficult to reconcile .
Much of the income for states and municipalities comes from sales , property , and income taxes .
While there appears to be some evidence that these tax receipts have stopped declining , there is as yet no major evidence of a strong rebound .
I remain at a loss to understand how retail sales can be up while sales tax receipts remain flat or even down .
Illinois owes its contracted business partners more than $ 4.5 billion , which it has simply failed to pay , and the ‘ plan ’ for dealing with them is to build them up even higher and roll $ 6 billion of them into the next budget year .
Los Angeles is desperately trying to avert outright bankruptcy .
California has an enormous hole in its budget , and Minnesota is delaying payments on some bills so it can afford to pay others .
Do n’t even ask about Detroit ; it ’s too scary .
There are dozens more stories like these , and they speak to mounting , not easing , fiscal pressures .
Individuals Experiencing Real Pain
Meanwhile , individuals are experiencing mounting fiscal pain as well , evidenced by rising bankruptcy and foreclosure rates to new highs in recent months .
It is hard to reconcile massive increases in consumer spending with this data , unless we consider the theory that people who are suddenly freed from credit card or mortgage payments are spending that additional cash on stuff .
I ca n’t entirely discount this as a possible explanation for the apparently renewed consumer buying frenzy .
Still , I have great difficulty in reconciling the idea of a buoyant , consumer - led recovery when I read items like this each week :
One Out of Ten Mortgages is Delinquent
Despite a slight seasonal improvement over last month , mortgage delinquencies still hover near record highs , 21 percent above a year ago .
One of ten mortgages are delinquent as of the end of February and new delinquencies continue to run at record rates .
The total number of non-current first - lien mortgages and REO properties is now more than 7.9 million loans .
Furthermore , the percentage of new problem loans is also at its highest level in five years .
More than 1.1 million loans that were current at the beginning of January 2010 were already at least 30 days delinquent or in foreclosure by February 2010 month - end .
That ’s the frightening news from Lender Processing Services latest Mortgage Monitor Report , which also reported that the nation ’s foreclosure inventories also reached record highs .
February ’s foreclosure rate of 3.31 percent represented a 51.1 percent year - over - year increase .
One out of ten mortgages ?
The highest percentage of bad loans in five years ?
7.9 million bad loans ?
A 51.1 % increase in foreclosure inventories ?
Further , a record - breaking number of Americans are on food stamps , and fully 44 % of the 15 million unemployed have been out of work for more than 6 months .
While I understand that the signals at bottoms and tops are sometimes mixed , this data is not mixed ; it is simply horrible .
These are signs of severe economic pain and are entirely inconsistent with the notion of a buoyant recovery .
Stock Market on a Tear While Bonds Float Along
Today , the stock market put on yet another display of force , not only levitating magically along in heavily over - bought territory , but even peeking up through the upper Bollinger band and closing there right at the high of the day :
There can be no doubt that there is a lot of liquidity and bullishness available as fuel for the stock market .
I ’ve long been warning my readers that the flood of liquidity offered up by the stimulus , bailout , and GSE MBS purchase programs would have to go find something useful to do , and it seems to have wandered over to the stock market to have a party .
You ’ve got to admit , that ’s a pretty impressive run .
Meanwhile , given all the stock market bullishness and the bearish talk about bonds coming from some pretty big players , such as Bill Gross , you might think that bonds would be in retreat .
You ’d be wrong .
The ten - year bond interest rate level is exactly where it started the year , give or take a basis point or two .
If this was a normal set of markets at all , then we might expect to see more of the normal see - saw relationship between stock and bonds prices .
But we do n’t , and I chalk that up to the enormous distorting influence provided by the Fed ’s actions .
Under normal conditions , we might expect that money might slosh back and forth between the stock and bond markets , but all we see is a strangely quiet bond market coincident with a rising stock market .
To me this is indicative of the massive official support for bond sales and other forms of ersatz liquidity that is trampling across the normal relationships that exist between the various markets .
It has been an enduring mystery as to how the Treasury bond market can float hundreds of billions in new issuances and rollovers each week without a hitch , while the interest rate remains pegged in an extremely narrow range , even as the stock market surges along .
Conclusion
My main conclusion is simply this :
We are experiencing the very best recovery that several trillion in freshly minted money and credit can buy .
Frankly , I expected more .
I am underwhelmed with a recovery that seems to exist more on Wall Street and in government statistics than it does on Main Street and in people ’s real lives .
I have no doubt that we are experiencing a bounce .
The question is whether it is the enduring sort or a flash in the pan .
Without the participation of small businesses , and with states and municipalities retreating and retrenching , I remain quite skeptical of this recovery .
My prediction is that much of this manufactured bounce will wear off this summer and that we ’ll see another renewed round of stimulus and Fed liquidity programs before November and the elections .
Given the political dimensions involved , it is almost certainly a slam - dunk to predict more money being dumped into the situation prior to the elections , so that ’s not really much of a prediction at all .
It ’s more a characterization of the American political process .
I remain glued to the markets , seeking signs that a change in trend is upon us .
So far , I have n’t seen anything to suggest that the flood of liquidity has crested and has begun to fall .
Until the situation clears up , consider me to have irreconcilable differences with the news .
Priests ’ Mistresses Beg Pope To Dump Celibacy Rule
Image via Wikipedia
ROME , Italy —
They are used to secrecy , to hiding their feelings , to waiting in the shadows for their men .
But now a group of women who have had intimate relationships with Catholic priests has decided to speak up against celibacy .
As sex abuse scandals once again rock the Catholic Church , the 39 Italian women who are , or have been , in longtime sentimental and sexual relationships with Catholic priests have penned an open letterto Pope Benedict XVI , denouncing compulsory celibacy as a “ torn up shroud . ”
In the letter , the women describe the closeted lives they lead as companions to priests and ask the pope to consider that , perhaps , their men can only fulfill their priestly duties with their lives fulfilled by marriage .
“ In order to become effective witnesses to the need for love , they need to embody it and experience it fully , in the way their nature demands it , ” the letter said .
“ Is it a sick nature ?
A transgressing one ? ”
A Vatican spokesperson , as is usual in these cases , declined to comment on the letter or on the women ’s stories .
But several women who signed and supported the letter agreed to speak with GlobalPost about their relationships with priests .
Antonella Carisio , 41 , had always been engaged in parish life , so she did n’t think there was anything wrong with spending a lot of time with Edecir Calegari , the Brazilian priest with whom she ran the parish youth center .
Then one evening in June 2006 , when she was driving him back to the parish house , she says Calegari kissed her .
“ I wrote him a letter that night , telling him I was sure it had been a mistake , that we should forget about it , ” said Carisio .
When they met again the next night , to “ clarify ” things , he kissed her again , “ and that ’s how our relationship started . ”
It lasted for two and a half years .
Calegari often slept at Carisio ’s house .
She says he even insisted on being introduced to Carisio ’s son as his mother ’s partner , not just as the local priest .
“ Everyone in my family knew , even my grandmother .
They were all very nice to him , ” she said .
Eventually , the couple was discovered : A fellow priest found one of Carisio ’s letters in the parish house and reported Calegari to their superiors .
He was moved to Rome and the two vowed to stay together : “ When he left , he even gave me an engagement ring . ”
But close to the Vatican and under constant scrutiny from superiors , Calegari quickly recovered confidence in his priestly identity , and agreed to do something he had promised Carisio he would never do : go back to Brazil as a missionary .
Calegari now says that he regrets “ deeply ” what happened , “ also because I hurt her .
It was a mistake . ”
He said he is happy in Brazil and thinks that putting an end to the relationship was the right choice : “ I never thought of leaving the priesthood .
Antonella and I were very close , she was a friend and a confidant , but I was never in love with her . ”
Many thanks to The Global Post …
Who ’s Afraid of 9/11 Conspiracy Theories ?
“ The lady doth protest too much , methinks . ”
– Queen Gertrude , Hamlet .
Whenever someone insists too strongly about something not being true , we tend to suspect that maybe it is .
In their denials of involvement in 9/11 , do Israel ’s apologists “ protest too much ” ?
While it would take a small book to adequately document the Israeli connection to 9/11 - as Antiwar.com editor Justin Raimondo has attempted in The Terror Enigma - let us briefly recall some of the more intriguing facts as reported in the mainstream media , involving dancing Israelis , Odigo warnings , and Zim ’s timely move .
The story of the five Israelis who were seen celebrating and filming as the Twin Towers burned and collapsed was investigated by Neil Mackay in Scotland ’s Sunday Herald .
The so - called “ dancing Israelis ” worked for Urban Moving Systems , later deemed to be a Mossad front by the FBI .
Despite failing numerous polygraph tests , the young men were deported to Israel two months later .
Back home , several of the men appeared on a TV chat show , in which one of them amazingly said , “ Our purpose was to document the event . ”
Two employees of Odigo , an Israeli instant messaging service , received messages two hours before the World Trade Center attack on September 11 predicting the attack would happen , Ha’aretz reported .
Zim - American Israeli Shipping Co. , part - owned by the Israeli government , moved their North American headquarters from the 16th floor of the WTC to Norfolk , Virginia one week before the 9/11 attacks , incurring a $ 50,000 fine for breaking its lease , according to the Jerusalem Post .
Despite being in the public domain , none of these relevant facts are mentioned in the 9/11 Commission ’s 567 - page report .
Moreover , Philip Zelikow , the executive director of the 9/11 Commission , is concerned about the spread of such inconvenient facts to the wider public .
“ Our worry , ” he says , “ is when things become infectious … .
[ then ] this stuff can be deeply corrosive to public understanding .
You can get where the bacteria can sicken the larger body . ”
But was Zelikow speaking here as an American government official or as a pro-Israeli insider ?
In the same month that he authored the so - called “ Bush Doctrine ” of preemptive war , which provided the justification for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , Zelikow made this candid admission : “ Why would Iraq attack America or use nuclear weapons against us ?
I ’ll tell you what I think the real threat ( is ) and actually has been since 1990 - it ’s the threat against Israel . ”
Yet , instead of investigating the Israeli connection , Zelikow used the 9/11 Commission to sell the Israeli - inspired Iraq war to the American people .
Zelikow’s “ bacteria ” quote is cited in a 2008 paper entitled “ Conspiracy Theories . ”
Co-authored by Cass Sunstein , who currently heads President Obama ’s White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , the main focus of the paper “ involves conspiracy theories relating to terrorism , especially theories that arise from and post - date the 9/11 attacks . ”
Rather than attempting to debunk such theories , Sunstein and Vermeule claim that those who suspect Israeli involvement in 9/11 suffer from a “ crippled epistemology . ”
This , the authors argue , is due to “ a sharply limited number of ( relevant ) informational sources . ”
In other words , “ they know very few things , and what they know is wrong . ”
To counter these suspicions , Sunstein recommends “ cognitive infiltration of extremist groups , whereby government agents , or their allies ( acting either virtually or in real space , and either openly or anonymously ) will undermine the crippled epistemology of those who subscribe to such theories .
They do so by planting doubts about the theories and stylized facts that circulate within such groups , thereby introducing beneficial cognitive diversity . ”
It could , of course , be argued that Sunstein ’s work also suffers from a crippled epistemology - his research relies heavily on pro-Israeli sources , most notably the notorious Islamophobe Daniel Pipes .
Pipes is a bit of an expert on conspiracy theories , having written two books on the subject .
“ Conspiracism provides a key to understanding the political culture of the Middle East , ” Pipes opines in The Hidden Hand : Middle East Fears of Conspiracy .
“ It helps explain much of what would otherwise seem illogical or implausible , including the region ’s record of political extremism and volatility , its culture of violence , and its poor record of modernization . ”
Like Sunstein , Pipes is concerned that many in the region suspect Israeli involvement in 9/11 .
“ The implications in the Middle East are quite profound , ” Pipes told the LA - based Jewish Journal .
“ It ’s one more brick in the edifice of fear and loathing of Israel and the Jews . ”
In the absence of a proper 9/11 investigation , there remains a broad range of opinion about the precise nature of Israeli complicity .
In The Terror Enigma , Justin Raimondo tentatively concludes that the Israeli connection to 9/11 amounts to “ foreknowledge and passive collaboration with Bin Laden ’s jihad . ”
Other experts , such as Alan Sabrosky , are less circumspect .
Dr. Sabrosky , former director of studies of the Strategic Studies Institute at the US Army War College , has recently stated that “ it is 100 percent certain that 9/11 was a Mossad operation .
Period . ”
Either way , it ’s hardly surprising that some of the most obsessive critics of 9/11 “ conspiracy theories ” have ties to Israel .
If Americans ever find out that their “ staunchest ally ” had anything to do with the mass murder of their fellow citizens on September 11 , 2001 , the would - be conspiracy debunkers have good reason to be afraid .
Maidhc Ó Cathail is a widely published writer based in Japan .
Various sites are reporting that TV evangelist Pat Robertson is again holding forth on seismic retribution .
Robertson was quoted as saying “ God is even angrier with them than he is with the people of Haiti ” — which would explain the greater seismological magnitude in the 8.8 earthquake .
The reason : what Chileans did to poor General Augusto Pinochet .
Update : our earlier stated suspicions were confirmed and the author admits that the story was untrue .
We discussed earlier that this might be a hoax , but given Robertson ’s past proclamations , it had a certain air of authenticity , here .
Robertson is quoted as saying :
“ If I had to guess , I ’d say it must have to do with Chile ’s persecution and attempted prosecution of their great former leader , and a personal hero of mine , Augusto Pinochet – who , it should be noted , had never been convicted of a crime when the Lord called him home three years ago .
. .
General Pinochet not only assisted the CIA in the overthrow of Chile ’s Marxist government , but is widely credited with personally arranging the meetings of hundreds , perhaps thousands , of his countrymen with Jesus . ”
However , there is no reference in these articles to the forum where the comments were made .
It turned out to be satire but picked up by dozens of sites as a Salon story .
Here is what the Salon writer posted on our site :
To Set the Record Straight :
As the author , I feel qualified to say without equivocation that the referenced story is satire .
While certain ( linked ) elements are factual and I thought worthy of shedding a little light on , I simply figured it was only a matter of time before Mr. Robertson would say something appalling ( as he seems to after every major catastrophe like 9/11 and the Haiti earthquake ) to blame the victims for bringing God ’s wrath down upon them .
And as it has recently come to light that Mr. Robertson has made his own “ deal with the Devil ” — in his case , Liberia ’s Taylor , why not have him defend , as he did , in Taylor ’s case to the American people and President for the purpose of enriching his bank account as opposed to his soul , someone who seemed to have much in common with Taylor ?
While I apologize to those who have been upset by this story ( believing it was real ) , in my defense , I offer subtle hints included in the text of the piece , such as the fact the ( the dead ) “ Pinochet … could not be reached for comment , even by Robertson … ”
The problem is that this is not April 1st and the satire could have been based on an actual story .
For the full story and commentary , click here and here and here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Repeating a pattern set by the game 's first batch of downloadable content , Modern Warfare 2's " Resurgence " pack will contain a mix of maps , some new , some not so new .
Advertisement
This , of course , was the focal point of many consumer 's anger over the first pack , being that they were spending $ 15 for something that only contained three " new " levels .
Advertisement
Your anger obviously counts for nothing in the face of 2.5 million sales , however , so Activision will be sticking with the same formula to again charge you 1200 points ( USD $ 15 ) and again give you three new maps and two " classic " ones dragged up from the first Modern Warfare title .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The old maps are Vacant and Strike , while the new maps are called Trailer Park ( a tight , constrained map ) , Carnival ( a big fairground ) and Fuel ( a sniper 's paradise ) .
The Resurgence pack launches June 3 for Xbox 360 , while PC and PS3 owners will have to sit tight for further details on their respective launches .
In today ’s Programming Praxis exercise we have to implement an algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree of a graph .
The Scheme solution weighs in at 15 lines , so let ’s see if we can do better .
As usual , some imports :
import Data .
List import qualified Data .
List .
Key as K
Both the Scheme solution and the pseudocode algorithm on Wikipedia take both a list of vertices and a list of edges as input , but since the list of vertices is implicitly defined in the edges there ’s really no point in specifying it separately .
To get the starting vertex , we just take the first vertex of the first edge .
Other than that , we do pretty much what the pseudocode algorithm says : check if there ’s an edge with one connected and one unconnected point .
If multiple exist , add the shortest .
Add the unconnected vertex to the list of connected ones .
Stop if there are no more edges with unconnected vertices .
prim :: ( Eq a , Ord b ) => [ ( a , a , b ) ] -> [ ( a , a , b ) ] prim es = f [ ( \ ( v , _ , _ ) -> v ) $ head es ] [ ] where f vs t = if null r then t else f ( union vs [ x , y ] ) ( m : t ) where r = filter ( \ ( a , b , _ ) -> elem a vs /= elem b vs ) es m@ ( x , y , _ ) = K . minimum ( \ ( _ , _ , c ) -> c ) r
A quick test shows we get the same result as the Scheme version :
main :: IO ( ) main = print $ prim [ (' A ' , ' D ' , 5 ) , (' A ' , ' B ' , 7 ) , (' B ' , ' D ' , 9 ) , (' B ' , ' C ' , 8 ) , (' C ' , ' E ' , 5 ) , (' B ' , ' E ' , 7 ) , (' D ' , ' E ' , 15 ) , (' D ' , ' F ' , 6 ) , (' E ' , ' F ' , 8 ) ,(' F ' , ' G ' , 11 ) , (' E ' , ' G ' , 9 ) ]
And with that we ’ve reduced a 15 - line solution to four lines .
Not bad .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : algorithm , bonsai , code , Haskell , kata , minimum , praxis , prim , programming , spanning , tree
Apple iPhone OS 4.0 features at a glance
Apple iPhone iOS 4.0 application development company in India - IADI Blog .
Apple iPhone OS 4.0 and iPhone SDK 4.0 beta release has brought a bundle of long - awaited features to the fore .
Consisting of an updated Software Development Kit ( SDK ) with over 1,500 new Application Programming Interfaces ( APIs ) and over 100 new features meant exclusively for the iPhone and iPod touch apps , the new version of Apple iPhone operating system presents a score of opportunities for complex iPhone application development and enhanced usage .
The all new Apple iPhone OS 4.0 comprises a good amount of improved elements that were unavailable in older versions including easy Multitasking for third party apps ; Folders for better apps organization and accessibility ; an enhanced Mail experience with a unified inbox , fast inbox switching and threaded messages ; enhanced Enterprise support with even better data protection , Apple ’s new iAd mobile advertising platform and many more .
Considered as a major release of the world ’s most advanced mobile operating system , the fourth generation of the iPhone OS intends to fill a lot of missing gaps in its earlier versions .
Also referred to as the 7 ' Tentpoles ' by the honchos , there are seven highlights which everybody 's raving about .
These features claim to make application development really easy which is further contributed by the 1500 odd APIs provided by Apple .
We present a few of those distinguishing features that widen the scope of custom apps development for the iPhone and the iPod touch .
Multitasking
Multitasking topped the list of omissions in the previous iPhone OS versions .
The new iPhone OS 4.0 brings in that left out feature of multitasking that will finally allow several third party apps to run concurrently and in the background .
Now , you can quickly move between apps without terminating them .
This feature of multitasking included in the iPhone OS 4.0 also serves the third party apps while preserving battery life and foreground app performance .
It delivers seven new multitasking services that could be easily integrated in your apps to avail the advantage of multitasking .
These services constitute Background Audio , Voice Over IP , Location Services , Push Notifications , Local Notifications , Task Completion , and Fast Apps Switching that will make handling multiple applications much easier and swift .
Multitasking , for instance , would allow you to play music in the background and receive calls even when your iPhone is idle or you are running other apps .
It would also support programs to finish its random items in the background while you use other apps .
Folders
This is an enhanced feature in the all new iPhone 4.0 OS that allows users to better organize their applications and access them quickly .
Where in the older versions , the applications were juxtaposed on the iPhone home screen that compelled the users to scroll back and forth across multiple screens ; the new generation operating system helps users to create folders where they can drag and drop an app icon onto another and simplify the home screen .
Using this feature of Folders , users would now be able to organize and access more than 2,000 apps on their iPhone gadgets .
You can see the contents of a folder , rename it and just tap it for an expanded view .
Better & Faster .
Inbox
Unified Inbox and organize - by - thread features brought forth in the iPhone OS 4.0 are set to deliver one of the best email experiences on a mobile phone .
It renders solutions to one of those limitations which involved inconvenience in using various inboxes and limited options for message sorting .
Gifting its users a lot more options for organizing their e-mails , it allows you to see messages from all your email accounts together in a single inbox .
You can easily swap inboxes to see messages from one account .
Users can now thread their messages by conversation , add multiple Exchange accounts , organize e-mails by thread , quickly switch between accounts , and open attachments with a preferred app .
iBooks
With this feature , now every iPhone user can access Apple 's e-book reader , iBooks and enjoy reading on their iPhone screens .
In addition to this , you could also access Apple 's iBookstore if you feel like buying them for yourself .
A striking element of this feature is that once you buy an iBook , you could very well use it on your iPad , iPod touch as well as the iPhone .
It would allow wireless page syncing between all the devices that would permit remembering your current page even if you swap your devices .
Enterprise
The new Enterprise features in the new iPhone OS 4.0 brings you a lot of stuff including enhanced data protection , mobile device management , wireless app distribution and multiple exchange accounts .
You could also enjoy the support for Exchange 2010 and SSL VPN support from Juniper and Cisco .
iAd
iAd is Apple ’s new mobile advertising platform , that intends to offer multimedia and interactive content attempting to combine the emotional and interactive factors of TV commercials .
Unlike in mobile ads , where the user has to exit his application and load the advertisement in a new webpage ; the iPhone OS 4.0 lets users to see the ad by displaying full - screen video and interactive ad content without ever leaving the app , and letting users return to their app anytime they want .
Say , for instance , an ad for a movie shall show you a preview and search local theaters for showtimes .
Game center
This feature integrated in the new iPhone OS 4.0 beta carries features similar to a social gaming network with abilities to invite friends to a game , strike a multiplayer game by way of matchmaking , track achievements and comparing scores on a leader board .
This shall be a useful feature for all those avid lovers of iPhone games .
The multi- featured iPhone OS 4.0 is a testimony to the ever - progressing development of the Apple iPhone operating system .
Besides the widely discussed ones that are mentioned above , the iPhone OS 4.0 possesses enhanced security , increased scalability and better compatibility .
Its quite obvious that fourth generation iPhone Operating System would enhance your application 's user experience a great deal .
Our ceramic - mugs correspondent writes
THIS week the Wall Street Journal , the pride of News Corporation 's stable of newspapers , launched a 12 - page daily section of local news in New York , in a direct challenge to the New York Times .
The premise behind the launch is that expensive , thorough reporting will pay for itself by attracting readers and advertisers .
Indeed , Rupert Murdoch , News Corp 's boss , recently proclaimed , “ Content is not just king , it is the emperor of all things electronic . ”
However , a new brand of media firms dubbed “ content farms ” takes the opposite view : that online , at any rate , revenue from advertising or subscriptions will never cover the costs of conventional journalism , so journalism will have to change .
Newspaper articles are expensive to produce but usually cost nothing to read online and do not command high advertising rates , since there is almost unlimited inventory .
Mr Murdoch 's answer is to charge for online content : another of his newspapers , the Times of London , will start to do so this summer ( the Journal already does ) .
Content farms like Demand Media and Associated Content , in contrast , aim to produce content at a price so low that even meagre advertising revenue can support it .
Demand Media 's approach is a “ combination of science and art ” , in the words of Steven Kydd , who is in charge of the firm 's content production .
Clever software works out what internet users are interested in and how much advertising revenue a given topic can pull in .
The results are sent to an army of 7,000 freelancers , each of whom must have a college degree , writing experience and a speciality .
They artfully pen articles or produce video clips to fit headlines such as “ How do I paint ceramic mugs ? ” and “ Why am I so tired in winter ? ”
Although an article may pay as little as $ 5 , writers make on average $ 20 - 25 an hour , says Mr Kydd .
The articles are copy - edited and checked for plagiarism .
For the most part , they are published on the firm's 72 websites , including eHow , answerbag and travels.com .
But videos are also uploaded onto YouTube , where the firm is by far the biggest contributor .
Some articles end up on the websites of more conventional media , including USAToday , which runs travel tips produced by Demand Media .
In March , Demand Media churned out 150,000 pieces of content in this way .
The company is expected to go public later this year , if it is not acquired by a big web portal , such as Yahoo ! , first .
AOL , a web portal which was recently spun off from Time Warner , a media giant , does not like to be compared to such an operation .
Tim Armstrong , its boss , intends to turn it into “ the largest producer of quality online content ” .
The firm already runs more than 80 websites covering topics from gadgets ( Engadget.com ) and music ( Spinner.com ) to fashion ( Stylelist.com ) and local news ( Patch.com ) .
In AOL 's journalistic universe there are three groups of contributors .
The first two are salaried journalists and freelancers with expertise in a certain domain , who currently number more than 3,000 .
Then there are amateurs who contribute to individual projects , for instance when AOL recently compiled profiles of all 2,000 bands at the SXSW music festival in Texas .
( Contributors were paid $ 50 for each profile . )
All this is powered by a system like Demand Media 's that uses data and algorithms to predict what sorts of stories will appeal most to readers , what advertisers are willing to pay for them and what freelancers should therefore be offered .
So far , however , the numbers are small : in the week of April 25th , 61 writers published 155 articles in this way on 33 AOL sites .
Predictably , many commentators are appalled .
Demand Media has been called “ demonic ” .
But , argues Dan Gillmor , a professor of journalism at Arizona State University , “ the firm is at least interested in what people want to know — which is nothing to sneer at ” .
And unlike many other services that take advantage of “ user generated content ” , he says , Demand Media actually pays its contributors .
The problem with content farms , Mr Gillmor and others say , is that they swamp the internet with mediocre content .
To earn a decent living , freelancers have to work at a breakneck pace , which has an obvious impact on quality .
Moreover , content that is designed to appear high up in the results produced by search engines could lose its audience if the search engines change their rules .
In AOL 's case , the question is whether the infrastructure for the three tiers of contributors will work financially , not just journalistically and technically .
Clay Shirky , a new - media expert at New York University , suggests that content produced cheaply by freelancers could serve to fund more ambitious projects .
If AOL can make that work , the pundits will cheer .
Primer Primer is The A.V. Club ’s ongoing series of beginner ’s guides to pop culture ’s most notable subjects : filmmakers , music styles , literary genres , and whatever else interests us — and hopefully you .
Prev Next View All
Doctor Who 101
An icon of modern British culture and the longest - running science - fiction TV show in history , Doctor Who has never been more popular than it is today , thanks to producer Russell T. Davies , whose revitalization of the series returns this month under the aegis of new producer Steven Moffatt .
Matt Smith , taking over the title role from David Tennant , will become the 11th actor to officially play the time - traveling wanderer .
Advertisement
The original series ran for 26 seasons , each consisting of several feature - length serials broken into half - hour episodes with cliffhanger endings .
No matter who ’s playing the lead , the basic premise has been essentially the same since the show ’s debut :
A mysterious , eccentric alien known only as The Doctor ( not “ Doctor Who , ” in spite of the title ) travels through time and space having adventures and fighting evil .
He ’s usually accompanied by one or two humans picked up along the way .
They journey with him in a time machine called a TARDIS , which looks like a blue phone booth .
If grievously wounded ( especially by that fatal condition “ actor - quits - itis ” ) , he can regenerate his entire body , gaining a new face , a new personality , and a new name at the top of the cast list in the credits .
This has also given the show an easy way to make more sweeping stylistic changes to evolve with changing times , and a way to correct elements after they go stale or otherwise become unworkable .
In fact , it ’s become expected that a regeneration of The Doctor will also regenerate the whole show .
( Fans generally know each Doctor by the order in which they were introduced , so William Hartnell , who originated the role , is the First Doctor , and newcomer Matt Smith is the Eleventh . )
Doctor
Who always strained against its budgetary limitations .
It ’s often been plagued with cheap sets and unconvincing rubber monsters .
Rock quarries were used as inexpensive stand - ins for alien landscapes so often that producers indulged in the meta - joke of having the Doctor land his ship in a real rock quarry at least twice .
On the positive side , Who ’s writers were able to take advantage of a format that allowed the show to literally go anywhere in the universe and sometimes outside it , with virtually limitless storytelling possibilities .
When shepherded by creative teams that had a handle on the material , Doctor Who relied on solid , imaginative scripts to create smart science - fiction thrillers with a humanistic , anti-authoritarian heart .
Consistently popular through the 1960s and 1970s , the show began to falter in the following decade as tight budgets and questionable artistic choices took their toll .
When it was finally allowed to die in 1989 , the show had become gratingly ham - fisted and nonsensical .
It lived on through the ’90s , as science - fiction shows often do , in the wilderness genres of semi-official novels and radio plays , including a botched attempt to launch an American version in 1996 .
In 2005 , the show sprang back to life with Davies at the helm .
Advertisement
Special mention should also go to Delia Derbyshire and Ron Grainer ’s evocative title theme , a groundbreaking masterpiece of early electronic music created in the BBC ’s Radiophonic Workshop .
Paired with eerie - looking visuals created with in - camera feedback loops , the song formed a title sequence that set up just the right atmosphere of otherworldly mystery , and looked like nothing else on the air at the time :
Though originally envisioned as a way to lure kids into watching something educational by alternating stories set during real historical events with more escapist stories , Doctor Who found huge audiences when it amped up the action - adventure instead of the lesson plans ; the evil , robot - like Daleks in particular became an instant sensation , creating a wave of interest in the show that it happily rode for its first few years .
Gradually , the historical stories were phased out in favor of monster - of - the - week thrillers obviously inspired by earlier horror - laced science fiction like Quatermass , The Thing , and Day Of The Triffids .
Advertisement
The style and tone evolved considerably over the years , responding not only to cast changes and moral - minded critics ’ complaints about violence , but the tumultuous cultural shifts of the ’60s , ’70s , and ’ 80 s — and often just to keep viewers from getting bored .
In spite of that , the peripatetic sense of adventure remained a constant , along with three further essential elements :
The Doctor himself ; his timeship , the TARDIS ; and the humans he befriends and journeys with , a group officially known in the show ’s parlance as “ Companions . ”
Let ’s expand on those a little further before jumping into the show ’s long history .
The Doctor : A centuries - old Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey in the far future , The Doctor was introduced as a fugitive on the run from his stuffy , calcified civilization in a stolen time machine , a far cry from the freewheeling , manic , nearly omnipotent super - geek portrayed by Tennant in recent years .
As portrayed by William Hartnell , an aging actor previously best known for playing hard - nosed drill sergeants , he was a frail , cantankerous old man living in a junkyard with his strangely brilliant , spacey granddaughter Susan .
( No further details about his family have ever been revealed , and it was years before his home planet was seen ; the man who can travel to the future apparently has no need for a past . )
Advertisement
His real name , if he has one , has never been revealed — “ Doctor Who ” comes from a misunderstanding in the first episode , when one of Susan ’s teachers calls him “ Mr. Foreman , ” assuming it ’s his name because the junkyard bears a sign saying one I.M. Foreman owns it .
“ Eh? Dr. Who ? ” is the grumpy reply .
The earliest episodes play up The Doctor ’s potential untrustworthiness , and the character has gone through many personas as different actors have taken the role , from swashbuckling dandy to avuncular hobo to arrogant pompous ass with incredibly poor dress sense .
But a common set of characteristics emerged that define all incarnations of the character :
He ’s a restlessly curious wanderer , a believer in science and rationalism , and a pacifist who ’s nevertheless always ready to fight the bad guys .
Over time , the series also played up his innate Time Lord powers , particularly his telepathic ability .
He ’s also always a weirdo , though usually a charismatic one — it ’s fairly obvious , in spite of whatever originally motivated his exile , that he keeps traveling because he fits in nowhere .
Advertisement
The TARDIS : Just as James T. Kirk belongs on the Enterprise and Sherlock Holmes at 221B Baker Street , The Doctor is n’t The Doctor without his home away from home .
As a portal to more exciting places disguised as an ordinary object , the TARDIS bears a clear resemblance to Alice ’s looking glass into Wonderland or C.S. Lewis ’ magic wardrobe into Narnia , and it ’s the show ’s strongest reminder of its roots as a children ’s program .
The slightly awkward name is an acronym , standing for “ Time And Relative Dimensions In Space . ”
That is n’t as inspiring or resonant a moniker as Enterprise or Serenity or Galactica , but in the height of the space age when the show debuted , a clunky , jargony acronym was the best way to sound futuristic .
A highly advanced piece of Time Lord technology , the TARDIS can not only move through time and space , but change its external shape to disguise itself , and through some strange twisting of physics , it ’s bigger on the inside than the outside .
But was also broken - down and obsolete when The Doctor stole it , and it gets stuck in the first shape we see it in : a battered 1950s - era police box , a wooden blue phone booth used by the British constabulary since the 1800s , but rapidly falling out of use in 1963 .
This remains an essential part of Doctor Who ’s setting , for a couple of reasons .
As a symbol , the police box ties neatly into its pilot ’s own persona : a little ramshackle and careworn , maybe , but always there to help .
It also served a practical filmmaking purpose : Scenes inside the TARDIS could be shot in the comfort of a sound stage , while “ landings ” required no special effects more expensive than a fader , a groaning mechanical sound effect , and a couple of stagehands to cart around a 10 - foot prop .
Only two iconic visual elements have remained unchanged for Doctor Who ’s entire 46 - year history : the police - box shape of the TARDIS and the pepperpot design of the Daleks .
The companions : Originally ,
The Doctor was n’t really the hero — the perspective characters were Barbara and Ian ( played by Jacqueline Hill and William Russell ) , the two schoolteachers he kidnapped to keep them from revealing his true identity .
In the show ’s initial iteration as entertainment with an educational edge , Barbara and Ian ’s knowledge would help them get out of sticky situations while teaching young viewers about science and history , with The Doctor ’s granddaughter Susan standing in for the audience .
As cast members left and were replaced , the companions evolved as assistants to The Doctor himself , their general purpose in the stories being to get into trouble , thus advancing the plot , and to give The Doctor someone to talk to , so he can explain what ’s going on for the audience ’s benefit .
The 2005 revival strengthened the role of companions even further , foregrounding their presences as the easily relatable everypeople through whose eyes we could see The Doctor ’s universe .
Advertisement
Intermediate work
With perhaps one significant exception , the distinct phases of Doctor Who are tied into the regenerations from one Doctor to the next , so we ’ll briefly summarize them here :
The First Doctor : William Hartnell , 1963 - 66
Advertisement
Although creators Sydney Newman and Verity Lambert firmly established many of the ground rules Doctor Who still plays by in the opening serial , “ An Unearthly Child ” ( also known as “ 100,000 B.C. ” ) looking back , it ’s clear that the show they thought they were making was different from what the show apparently wanted to be .
Newman and Lambert worked with
Who ’s educational mandate firmly in mind , and with this official BBC edict : “ no bug - eyed monsters ” or “ tin robots ” allowed .
The plan instead was to alternate between episodes set in the future and ones chronicling real historical events such as Marco Polo ’s visit to China or the 18th - century Reign Of Terror in France .
Anything set in the future had to be grounded in realism .
That well - intentioned attempt to hold their noses at what they considered to be science fiction ’s inherent silliness was quickly … well , there ’s no other word : exterminated .
Due to scheduling and production problems with other planned stories , Lambert wound up with only one workable script she could film in time for broadcast as the second serial : “ The Daleks . ”
The writer , Terry Nation , had a storyline loosely reminiscent of H.G. Wells ’
The Time Machine , about a planet that had survived a devastating nuclear war hundreds of years previously , with two opposing cultures emerging from the wreckage .
The peaceful , tribal hunter - gatherer
Thals lived in the jungle .
Locked away in their fortified city was the enemy , once humanoid but mutated into pathetic horrors that could only survive inside their mobile metal shells , which served both as iron lung and battle tank : the Daleks .
Nation drew his inspiration for the Daleks ’ crazed , monomaniacal xenophobia from Nazi Germany , in 1963 not so long ago defeated and still a resonant horror for the British .
Filled with hatred and terror of anyone that was n’t them , the Daleks were driven to annihilate or conquer all other cultures , making them a fascist combination of bug - eyed monster and tin robot .
Exactly what Doctor Who was n’t supposed to do .
So of course they were just what the show needed .
In spite of grumblings from the BBC brass , the Daleks turned out to be a crucial turning point for Doctor Who .
They caught the public imagination in a big way .
Overnight , Doctor
Who became a huge hit , and essential weekly teatime viewing .
Heralded by their signature war cry of “ EX - TER - MIN - ATE ! ” , the Daleks returned to face off against The Doctor again and again , inevitably joined by new monsters like the Quarks as the producers tried to catch the lightning a second time , which they never really did .
The history episodes hung on for several years , but their days were numbered .
Advertisement
Hartnell ’s Doctor went through some growing pains as well .
In “ An Unearthly Child , ” the character became devious and mean , even contemplating murdering an injured enemy by bashing in his head with a rock .
That characterization softened into a more grandfatherly figure , still tetchy but protective of his younger friends .
When Ford , Hill , and Russell all left the show in the second season , he was firmly ensconced as the show ’s heroic lead , although his crusty characterization sometimes made the premise seem more like Ebenezer Scrooge : Time Cop .
Even bigger changes came in 1966 .
Hartnell , succumbing to old age , became too ill to keep up with the role ’s demanding physical requirements .
Faced with the loss of the show ’s central character , without whom they had no series , yet also increasingly unhappy with the limitations of that character , the producers came up with the bold solution of simply declaring that since The Doctor was not human , there was no reason why he could n’t just become a different person , collapsing on the floor only to get up as a different actor with a completely different take on the role .
Advertisement
Other notable developments :
The Monk , the scheming but not necessarily evil antagonist in “ The Time Meddler ” and “ The Dalek Master Plan , ” was viewers ’ first look at another Time Lord renegade .
Hartnell ’s final bow , “ The Tenth Planet , ” brought in The Doctor ’s second - greatest foes , the merciless android Cybermen .
The Second Doctor : Patrick Troughton , 1966 - 69
Advertisement
Often described as a “ cosmic hobo , ” the Second Doctor was short , mischievous , whimsical , and given to outwitting his foes with sly misdirection , letting them think he was less of a threat than he really was .
Where Hartnell was often imperious , Troughton was friendly and clownish , and a much better fit for the burgeoning countercultural sensibility of the mid-1960s .
He was also fully committed to travel and adventure purely for the sake of it , and eager to show his companions that the wonders of the universe were worth seeking in spite of any danger , as illustrated in this scene from “ Tomb Of The Cybermen ” in which he lifts the spirits of Victoria ( Deborah Watling ) , whose father was killed by Daleks in the previous episode :
Subsequent actors tended to alternate somewhat between the Hartnell / Troughton poles in their takes on The Doctor , but Troughton ’s influence has generally dominated , in no small part because he ’s just more fun .
A lighter , livelier energy was immediately apparent , particularly in Troughton ’s playful banter with actor Frazer Hines , who played Jamie , an 18th - century Scottish lad easily able to serve as comedic foil or man of action as the story demanded .
The other major change ended the purely historical stories ; Jamie ’s introductory serial “ The Highlanders ” was the last
Who tale that did n’t forefront a strong science - fiction element .
Nearly every other Second Doctor story , in fact , cranked up the dial on action , with monstrous alien menaces out for conquest or destruction , with multiple reappearances by the Daleks and Cybermen , and new threats from the reptilian Martian Ice Warriors and the quasi-Lovecraftian , disembodied Great Intelligence , which controlled an army of robotic Yeti .
Advertisement
Other notable developments :
The exact circumstances of The Doctor ’s theft of the TARDIS and flight from his people has never really been explained .
But a brief but momentous half - hour at the end of Troughton ’s swan song , “ The War Games , ” answered some long - simmering mysteries and gave the show an important building point for the future when the fugitive Doctor was finally caught and put on trial .
The Time Lords , named here for the first time , were a highly advanced and ceremonial but stagnant civilization resolved against interference in other cultures .
The Doctor , finding this morally unacceptable , had broken that law and left .
Never mind that this motivation was out of character for the Doctor as he first appeared ; Doctor
Who has never been all that strict about continuity , and the important thing was that it fit who the character had become , and remains to this day .
Found guilty ,
The Doctor was sentenced to regenerate against his will and to accept exile on Earth , with his knowledge of how to operate the TARDIS telepathically locked off in his brain .
The Third Doctor : Jon Pertwee , 1970 - 74
Advertisement
The ’70s found Doctor
Who more flamboyant and colorful in almost every way , starting with the film stock , which traded up from the black - and - white of earlier seasons .
The new Doctor , played by Carry On veteran Jon Pertwee , was urbane and dignified , sometimes to the point of pomposity , favoring ruffled shirts and opera cloaks .
Taking a page from James Bond , he also loved gadgets and fancy cars .
Most of his tenure was spent on Earth , explained onscreen as the terms of his Time Lord sentence .
( It was also a behind - the - scenes decision allowing the producers to save money by building fewer futuristic or alien sets . )
The more action - oriented focus of the Troughton era heightened even more :
This Doctor was a martial - arts expert , specializing in “ Venusian aikido . ”
The addition of a dedicated stunt team , HAVOC , also opened up the options for fight scenes .
To give the character a home base , The Doctor became scientific advisor to UNIT , a United Nations - run military organization designed to protect the Earth from alien threat .
He often found his pacifistic philosophy at odds with his nominal boss , the straitlaced Brigadier Lethbridge - Stewart , most strikingly when the Brig opted to kill off the title villains of “ The Silurians ” — an act of genocide — because he felt it was the only way to nullify them as a grave threat to humanity ’s survival .
He may have been right , but The Doctor ’s horror at the military solution indicated the show ’s anti-authoritarian spirit .
In the spirit of the times , stories also increasingly touched on social and political issues like environmentalism and equal rights for women .
Other notable developments :
The Doctor was given a nemesis to match his own abilities with the introduction of The Master , a fellow renegade Time Lord played to the hilt by Roger Delgado as a black - clad , goateed villain of the old school driven by a desire to dominate other beings and taking gleeful pleasure in his ongoing battle of wits with his best enemy .
The show ’s 10th anniversary was marked with a reunion special , “ The Three Doctors , ” bringing Hartnell , Troughton , and Pertwee together for the only time .
The most popular of all the companions , plucky journalist Sarah Jane Smith ( Elisabeth Sladen ) , came on board in Pertwee ’s final season ; she later starred in two spin - off series , including the current Sarah Jane Adventures .
The toadlike , militaristic clone Sontarans made their first appearance in “ The Time Warrior . ”
Advertisement
The Fourth Doctor : Tom Baker , 1974 - 81
Advertisement
Before David Tennant ’s recent run , Tom Baker ’s toothy grin , Harpo Marx hair , and googly eyes formed the face most viewers associated with The Doctor , especially in America , where his shows were the first to be rebroadcast when PBS began importing Doctor Who from the UK .
Baker ’s seven - year tenure was the longest of any actor in the role , and at its height , the show was more popular than it would be at any point in the original 26 - year run .
In his later seasons , the first signs of the weak writing and disastrous production choices that would doom the series began to creep in .
A relative unknown who had previously played mad hypnotist - monk Rasputin in Nicholas And Alexandra , Baker was cast after outgoing producer Barry Letts saw his charismatically evil performance as the villainous wizard in the Ray Harryhausen movie The Golden Voyage Of Sinbad .
Baker represented something of a return to Troughton ’s cosmic hobo , presenting a bohemian appearance , including a distinctive multicolored , 20 - foot scarf .
Baker also played up the character ’s essential alienness and eccentricity , often giving the impression that his Doctor was mentally off on some other plane .
Still , Baker was charismatic and often funny , and his larger - than - life persona helped sell the onscreen action , sometimes helping a patently ludicrous sequence get across via sheer force of personality .
Advertisement
Along with Baker came new script editor Robert Holmes and producer Philip Hinchcliffe , who ushered in a more horror - oriented era , bringing the show to its creative peak .
Many of the best shows of Baker ’s era cheerfully smash together plot elements from earlier science - fiction classics .
“ The Brain Of Morbius ” portmanteaus Frankenstein with Donovan ’s Brain , “ The Seeds Of Doom ” rips off The Thing , and “ Robots Of Death ” takes ideas from Isaac Asimov and Agatha Christie .
However , the increasing level of violence brought complaints from conservative watchdog groups that would bedevil the series and ultimately lead the BBC to force a change in direction .
Baker ’s fourth season added more comedy and kid-friendly elements , like the Doctor ’s laser - nosed robot dog , K9 , as well as the next year ’s season - long hunt for the six segments of the Key To Time .
Writer Douglas Adams , who had worked with Monty Python and was just becoming known for his own science - fiction series The Hitchhikers ’ Guide To The Galaxy , took over as script editor in 1979 , with mixed success .
Though Adams helped create several memorable serials , including the Paris - set “ City Of Death , ” his focus was split by the rollercoaster success of Hitchhikers , and his emphasis on comedy had the side effect of making the show more difficult to take seriously when it was n’t trying to be funny .
Baker ’s increasingly silly performance did n’t help .
( Who ’s perennially inexpensive effects and set design had always required a healthy suspension of disbelief on the audience ’s part , even at the best of times . )
An attempt to bring on new writers and new blood also failed disastrously , leaving the next incoming producer with no scripts close to completion .
Advertisement
Which was too bad , because if anyone needed help , it was John Nathan - Turner .
Named executive producer of Doctor Who in Baker ’s final year , Nathan - Turner steered the ship until it sank in 1989 .
He inherited a program already becoming shopworn and trite .
But while he ca n’t be solely blamed for the show ’s decline and fall , many of the worst aspects of ’ 80s
Who can be traced directly to him .
Some of his ideas were simply baffling .
Others were clearly driven more by marketing or publicity concerns than any attempt to tell coherent , sophisticated stories .
The wardrobe betrayed the first sign of trouble : Instead of having a recognizable style that reflected their personalities , the major characters now were limited to one outfit , as if they were dolls or comic - book characters in costume .
In retrospect , Baker got out just in time .
Advertisement
Other notable developments : Dalek creator Terry Nation gave his evil aliens a suitably evil father with the introduction of Davros in “ Genesis Of The Daleks . ”
The psychotically twisted scientist , a decrepit Mengele figure who used the lower half of a Dalek shell as a wheelchair , returned repeatedly , including in the new series ’
“ The Stolen Earth / Journey ’s End . ”
The Master returned in “ The Deadly Assassin , ” which also gave the first extended look at the society of the Time Lords .
[ pagebreak ]
Advanced Studies
The Fifth Doctor : Peter Davison , 1982 - 84
In a bid to get away from the often - silly whimsiness of the later Baker era , Nathan - Turner made a concentrated effort to crank down The Doctor ’s high - wattage personality and bring a stronger element of seriousness into the storylines .
Given Baker ’s high profile as he exited the series , it became desirable to cast an already - familiar face , and Peter Davison , famous for playing veterinarian Tristan Farnon in All Creatures Great And Small , fit that requirement ideally .
An Edwardian cricketers ’ uniform emphasized The Doctor ’s essential Britishness , as well as a more down - to - earth , physical approach .
Nathan - Turner also mandated the addition of a celery stick on Davison ’s lapel , a costume quirk that apparently had no rationale behind it other than a clumsy attempt to appear whimsical , though writer Eric Saward eventually came up with a half - hearted explanation about celery being the antidote to “ certain gases in the praxis spectrum ” at Davison ’s insistence .
Advertisement
Davison was a more fatherly Doctor than his predecessors , and he and his companions related to each other not merely as friends traveling together , but as a family unit , with all the squabbles and drama that implied .
The principal cast changed several times during the Davison years ( as was always typical for the show ) , but the quintessential Davison cast was the one with which he began : Tegan Jovanka ( Janet Fielding ) , an Australian air hostess accidentally shanghaied into the TARDIS and never comfortable on her travels ; Nyssa ( Sarah Sutton ) , a quiet , sensitive orphan aristocrat ; and Adric ( Matthew Waterhouse ) , a precocious young mathematical genius very much like Star Trek ’s Wesley Crusher , both in personality and the fan base ’s hostile reaction .
Advertisement
The show also took a decidedly darker turn .
Nyssa ’s parents and later her entire home planet were murdered by the Master , leaving her a refugee with no choice but to travel with the Doctor .
Tegan was often horrified by the violence they encountered , and eventually could no longer stand to travel in the TARDIS at all .
Two later companions , Turlough and Kamilion , were both sleeper agents for The Doctor ’s enemies .
Adric ’s fate was the most infamous :
He died while trying to save the Earth from a crashing starship in the episode “ Earthshock , ” a genuinely shocking development that would inform the tone of the rest of Davison ’s episodes .
The grimness was often laid on with a trowel , which probably did n’t help change the downward ratings slide that began in the late Tom Baker era .
Viewership in Britain worsened when Davison left the show after three years , having taken Troughton ’s advice to do so to avoid typecasting .
( At the same time , American viewership was growing steadily at this point , and for many U.S. fans , Davison was their first and therefore definitive Doctor . )
Davison regenerated at the end of the bleakly violent but solid episode “ The Caves Of Adrozani , ” having sacrificed his life for his companion Peri Brown ( Nicola Bryant ) .
He expired with a quiet dignity that also conveniently marked the last time Doctor Who was worth paying any serious attention to until “ Rose ” in 2005 .
The Sixth Doctor : Colin Baker , 1984 - 86
This was by far the lowest point for Doctor Who , which was now slowly drowning , both in terms of creativity and popularity .
Davison ’s replacement was Colin Baker , a decent - enough actor who got stuck with the least - appealing personality of any Doctor , and the worst costume in the entire history of television itself :
Advertisement
In his first scene , even before he donned that astonishing eyesore of an outfit , Baker ’s Doctor set the tone by undergoing a psychotic break and trying to strangle Peri to death — the same person Davison ’s Doctor had just died to save .
Even after he came to his senses , he was a tasteless , boorish bully .
This was on purpose : Nathan - Turner decided that the Sixth Doctor should be as irritating as possible .
The idea had potential :
The new Doctor was to begin as an arrogant coward , but slowly rediscover his noblest nature over the course of many episodes .
It would have been difficult for even a great writer to pull that off , though , and the creative team just was n’t up to the task , as witnessed by the dreck of his first episode , “ The Twin Dilemma , ” notable for a ridiculous - looking slug - like villain later parodied mercilessly by Ricky Gervais in Extras .
Nathan - Turner ’s penchant for hiring writers with no previous TV experience led to a lot of mediocre scripts , and a desire to keep making the show more “ serious ” too often meant mistaking ugliness , brutality , and bleakness for realistic depth .
Meanwhile , the show had been unmoored from its traditional Saturday timeslot and moved around the schedule , competing for a time with the soap opera Coronation Street , then by far the most popular show in Britain .
BBC head Michael Grade treated the show with overt hostility , eventually forcing an 18 - month hiatus .
Baker returned with the ambitious but incoherent season - long story arc “ The Trial Of A Time Lord , ” in which he ’s prosecuted for genocide on Gallifrey , only to discover that the trial is actually a plot by his own future self to steal his remaining regenerations .
Peri was written out with a stomach - turning death scene in which her brain was replaced by a slug ( which was clumsily retconned without real explanation at the end of the season ) .
Behind the scenes , chaos reigned as the death of writer Robert Holmes ( from liver failure , not slug ) brought tensions between Nathan - Turner and script editor Eric Saward to a head .
Saward quit , the final episodes had to be drastically rewritten , and the viewing public mostly chose to watch something else .
Fairly or not , Colin Baker was fired .
Advertisement
The Seventh Doctor : Sylvester McCoy , 1987 - 89
Advertisement
McCoy ’s Doctor was initially portrayed as something of a buffoon , given to malapropisms and comical clumsiness ; later , script editor Andrew Cartmel brought in a much more devious side , turning Seven into a formidable opponent usually several steps ahead of his foes , and hinted that he secretly had been involved in the very origins of the Time Lords themselves .
But the cancellation of the show meant this concept was never fully developed , though something like it crept in to the new series with Davies ’ notion of Tennant ’s Doctor as a “ lonely god . ”
McCoy ’s relationship with his delinquent teenage companion Ace ( Sophie Aldred ) also prefigured the 2005 - era Who ’s focus on giving each companion a strong story arc .
While the McCoy era was an improvement over the previous years , it was too late to stop the inevitable .
Ratings never recovered from the nosedive during the Colin Baker era , and although at least the main characters were more appealing , the writing was still competent at best , cringe - worthy and nonsensical at worst .
Budgets were smaller than ever ; the TARDIS console room set , as important a set as the bridge on Star Trek , was dismantled during the 25th season and never used again .
Advertisement
The Eighth Doctor : Paul McGann , 1996
Advertisement
With the BBC temporarily out of the Doctor Who business in the UK , it tried to restart the show for American TV with a 90 - minute movie co-produced with and broadcast on Fox .
Titled simply Doctor Who ( though known in fan circles as The Enemy Within ) , it would have been the pilot of a new series if ratings had been strong enough .
They were n’t .
There was no reason they should have been ; Doctor
Who had never been more than a cult success in the U.S. , and then on public television , not a commercial network .
Pitting Paul McGann ’s gently romantic Doctor against a Jean - Claude Van Damme-esque Master played by Eric Roberts , the new Who fared poorly in the transition to what American studios wanted out of a science - fiction show .
It also flopped in the attempt to appeal to a new audience while staying true to previously established continuity to keep the old fans happy .
It wound up neither fish nor fowl .
Old fans may have enjoyed the Seventh Doctor ’s cameo , in which he steps out of the TARDIS and is immediately gunned down , but that surely only confused new viewers when an apparently dead protagonist kicked his way out of a morgue freezer as a completely different actor .
On the other hand , fans found plenty to complain about in the changes , like the new notion that The Doctor was half - human , or that he would pursue a romantic relationship with a human woman .
The former element has been quietly dropped in the 2005 revival ; the romance angle , though , is even stronger now and seems here to stay .
Advertisement
Though it could easily have been swept under the rug as a failed experiment , the Eighth Doctor ’s lone story is considered officially canonical , as affirmed in the 2005 revival .
McGann has never ( yet ? ) returned to the role on television , but has appeared in more than 50 of the semi-official audio plays made by Big Finish .
The Ninth and Tenth Doctors : Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant , 2005 - 2010
During its years of exile , Doctor
Who proven it retained at least some cachet by keeping a healthy presence alive in other media , particularly novels and audio plays — much as Star Trek did between the end of its first TV series and Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
A second chance at a return to TV was probably inevitable , but whether it would stick this time remained unknown .
When he was given his shot , Queer As Folk creator and longtime Who fan Russell T. Davies did n’t waste it .
He astutely focused on Who ’s core elements , succeeding exactly where the Americans failed .
First , he cleared the decks of continuity cruft with a devastating “ Time War ” that erased both the Daleks and Time Lords from existence .
This ruthlessly eliminated anything from the old show that was n’t absolutely necessary to the core concept :
One Doctor , one TARDIS , one companion , and ( per episode , anyway ) one monster .
Christopher Eccleston , the new Ninth Doctor , was an unambiguous break from the gaudy , silly Time Lord the public remembered : Wracked by survivor ’s guilt , he even dressed in muted tones , with a black leather jacket and close - cropped hair .
Just as crucial : this was n’t fundamentally a dark , grim show .
Eccleston brooded , but he also had an impish sense of humor , and shared his joy in traveling the universe with Billie Piper as his new companion , Rose .
Advertisement
When Eccleston left after just one season , David Tennant picked up the reins and took off .
His Tenth Doctor was cocky , hyperactive , charming , and just plain fun — the very essence , in his best moments , of who The Doctor should be .
Davies ’ revival had its weaknesses , but they only became apparently over time .
The mawkish melodramatics , the overuse of the deus ex machina ending , the ludicrous need to make each successive season end with a bigger , badder all - encompassing cosmic threat , and the inability to let his favorite characters get off the stage when their stories were over — these were real problems , but they should n’t take away from his most impressive accomplishment .
He made time go forward again .
The Essentials
1. “ An Unearthly Child ” / ” The Daleks ” : Forty - six years after its première , the first Doctor Who serials are still a vital introduction to the series as a whole .
Advertisement
2. “ Tomb Of The Cybermen ” : Few Second Doctor stories still survive in complete form , thanks to a shortsighted BBC policy of erasing and reusing all old master tapes .
It ’s lucky that this is one of them .
Troughton is in top form , and the Cybermen are at their most chilling here .
Advertisement
3. “ The Green Death ” : Pollution run amok creates deadly mutant insects , which the Third Doctor traces back to a chemical corporation and its all - powerful computer .
A solidly plotted thriller with the environmental and anti-authoritarian themes typical of the Pertwee era , “ The Green Death ” is also a touching farewell for his sweet , daffy companion Jo Grant ( Katy Manning ) .
Advertisement
4. “ The Time Warrior ” : The Third Doctor investigates the disappearance of the world ’s finest scientists , who are being kidnapped by a warlike alien with primitive time - travel technology who has crashed his ship in 13th - century England .
Tightly paced and full of action and memorable characters , this episode introduces fan - favorite companion Sarah Jane Smith ( Elisabeth Sladen ) , a plucky journalist with a timely feminist bent , as well as recurrent villains the Sontarans , a race of toad - like clone warriors .
Also , incidentally , the Doctor ’s home planet is given a name for the first time : Gallifrey .
5. “ Genesis Of The Daleks ” : The introduction of the Daleks ’ insane creator , Davros , would dominate all future Dalek stories for the rest of the original series ’ run .
The show contains two of the series ’ best monologues — one from the Doctor , agonizing over whether he has the moral right to commit genocide against a race who would themselves commit genocide , and the other from Davros , swept away in maniacal passion over the prospect of destroying all life .
Advertisement
6. “ The Brain Of Morbius ” : Luridly and gothically grotesque , “ Morbius ” is a perfect example of the horror - tinged tales that dominated the Fourth Doctor ’s first couple of years .
The story cooks up a heady stew of cult witchcraft , disembodied brains , and a Frankensteinian mad scientist who ’s building the perfect monster , and needs The Doctor ’s head .
Advertisement
7. “ City Of Death ” : Written largely by then - script - editor Douglas Adams under a pseudonym , this Paris - set story pits the Doctor and Romana against an alien who has been influencing human history for thousands of years so he can eventually go back in time and prevent a disastrous starship explosion that killed all his compatriots — and also created life on Earth .
It ’s full of Adams ’ typically whimsical humor , and it includes a cameo from John Cleese .
Adams shamelessly re-used it ( along with the never - filmed Who script “ Shada ” ) for the plot of his novel Dirk Gently ’s Holistic Detective Agency .
8. “ Earthshock ” : Faced with a new threat from the Cybermen , the Fifth Doctor and his companions , a fractured but close - knit surrogate family , are dealt a heavy blow when young Adric dies in a futile attempt to save Earth .
Sometimes the good guys do n’t win , even when the bad guys lose .
Advertisement
9. “ Rose ” : Russell T. Davies pulled a rabbit out of his hat , creating something that had n’t been seen on TV for 20 years : a Doctor Who that was smart , fun , and actually worth watching .
10 - 11 . “ The Girl In The Fireplace ” / “ Blink ” :
These two Tenth Doctor outings are sparkling with witty dialogue , inventive plotting , and an enjoyable willingness to experiment with the way time travel and its fracturing of narrative chronology can change the way stories are told .
They ’re both scripted by Steven Moffatt , who is now the showrunner for Matt Smith ’s Eleventh Doctor stories — the surest sign we had , before Smith ’s debut in “ The Eleventh Hour , ” that Doctor Who was in good hands .
Advertisement
Miscellany
Generally , the Doctor Who canon is considered to consist solely of the televised stories , to the extent that any of it ’s canonical at all .
But the Time Lord has also appeared in many other media , beginning with two forgettable 1960s movies , Dr. Who And The Daleks and Daleks : Invasion Earth 2150 A.D. , starring Peter Cushing and loosely based on Hartnell adventures .
Novelizations of the TV stories eventually led to a burgeoning line of original novels .
One of them , Paul Cornell ’s Human Nature , found its way back into the TV series as a Tenth Doctor tale .
Big Finish Productions has made well over 150 Doctor
Who audio plays , many of which feature original actors from the TV series reprising their roles as Doctors , companions , and villains .
And the show also spawned several TV spin - offs , notably Russell T. Davies ’ Torchwood and The Sarah Jane Adventures .
by Brett Stevens on April 30 , 2010
The left is obsessed with the alleged racism of the Tea Party .
What ’s more likely is that it ’s opposition to replacing the middle class with imported voters and , in turn , a defense of the most vital founding principle of the middle class .
Is the Tea Party racist ?
Some scholar who ’s very aware that there ’s an audience to purchase his information product thinks so :
A new survey by the University of Washington Institute for the Study of Ethnicity , Race & Sexuality offers fresh insight into the racial attitudes of Tea Party sympathizers .
“ The data suggests that people who are Tea Party supporters have a higher probability ” â€ ” 25 percent , to be exactâ€ ” ” of being racially resentful than those who are not Tea Party supporters , ” says Christopher Parker , who directed the study .
“ The Tea Party is not just about politics and size of government .
The data suggests it may also be about race . ” – “ Are Tea Partiers Racist ? ” , Newsweek , April 26 , 2010
I propose a different idea : it ’s easy to confuse racism with resistance to multiculturalism .
After all , both say no to the same thing , which is that we turn diversity into uniformity by ensuring that we have the same racial mix in every nation on earth .
Racism , to my mind , means a desire to rank oneself above others on the basis of race .
While it ’s vile , it ’s no different than ranking ourselves above others because we have college educations , or drive fast shiny cars , or live in the right neighborhood , or like deadmau5 more than AC / DC .
It ’s all a Weberian search for social status .
( Interestingly , so is anti-racism .
If you want to appear smarter and a better person than your neighbor , call them an ignorant redneck and point to the fact that you are racially open - minded , while they ’re still stuck in the past .
Being against racism helps you look cool to your friends , win acclaim at work , and maybe even seduce modern feministy , desperately open - minded , crowd - friendly women . )
Opposition to multiculturalism is different .
It can exist for many reasons .
One of which is the simple “ I think it wo n’t end well . ”
Another is what motivates the Tea Party : recognizing that multiculturalism is an attempt to replace the mostly - white , mostly - conservative , mostly - Christiany American middle class with imported voters .
In other words , we ’re all pawns in a power struggle .
It ’s like the movie Napoleon Dynamite : if you ’re not one of the popular kids , and you still want to win the class election , you ’d better round up every misfit you can find — these are the people who are not from the elite who represent what the majority find desirable — and use strength of numbers to win .
If you could suddenly drop 1,000 people on your high school , you ’d pick people from far away who would not identify with the majority and their elites .
You would create a band new elite based on being not the majority , not of their values and not of their background .
Some might call that racism , but we ’ve conveniently defined racism to mean majority - versus - minority conflict .
Modern society by the very nature of its politics has two levels of truth .
The first is public truth , or what you tell other people .
Daddy is n’t passed out drunk under the couch ; he ’s “ resting . ”
The second is private truth , or what as far as you can tell is closest to reality .
Euphemism , movies , big media news and our literature all avoid these private truths to focus on public ones .
That ’s because if you come up with a public truth that people already want to believe , they ’ll buy it from you and use it to justify their confirmation bias .
That ’s what this political conflict is about .
The new imported voters are not going to care about historical truth ; they ’re going to buy whatever explanation sounds good to them .
That will make them easier to control .
That in turn will make the new elites more powerful , and give our nation a tighter control over its population , although it will also have other consequences .
Back in the Civil War era , we saw this public / private truth dichotomy in full flare .
The war between the states was about a simple principle : do we have a majority rule from a central authority , which makes the populous Northeast rule our country , or does each state act independently toward a less clearly defined common goal ?
But that ’s complex .
Look at that sentence — lots of words .
It ’s easier to just claim that it ’s about slavery , call your opponents racists ( a subset of class warfare , meaning that you appeal to anyone who is not prosperous ) and to unite the many alienated workers in the cities toward your cause .
We re-enacted that principle in WWII .
Hitler and Tojo would have shattered American global dominance that had existed since the turn of the century , when America ’s navy got powerful enough to strike anywhere in the world .
They were un - doing the Anglo - American hegemony established after WWII .
But that ’s too complicated for a sound bite .
Instead , they ’re evil baby - killers who are also racist and probably oppressive .
Who cares if it ’s true ?
It ’s the myth we need to believe .
Right now , the same meme is being fired at Tea Partiers .
If they raise any objections to the way We The People want to do things , we ’re going to use the best insult we have — we ’ll accuse them of being against equality , using the subsets of racist , homophobe , sexist and classist .
Why discuss the issues the Tea Party raises ?
The importance is shouting them down .
But no matter which side of the equation we ’re on , we should look at these very interesting times as an important revelation of where our society is going .
We got our first black president , and now he ’s not post-racial .
In fact , he ’s trying to rally the non -white non-male voters to his side .
If you read between the lines , he ’s saying the future of Democrats in our country is disenfranchising and out - numbering these white , educated and prosperous people who form the Tea Party and in the past , a large part of his party .
He does n’t want to end bipartisanship .
He wants to destroy the Other Side .
Setting aside race and political orientation for now , we can see this conflict as a collision between personal values systems :
Middle class : work hard , get ahead , let the best beat out the rest and take home big rewards .
That way , the smartest among us shape our society organically .
This is like natural selection , but gentler .
Let states and local communities be different , and let individuals both have independence to choose their own lifestyles and ideals , and on the flip side , face the consequences if they picked an illusion .
New way : reward everyone equally so that none are left out .
Protect us from the ravages of both the successful and natural selection .
Get everyone together on the same ideals everywhere , and have a strong centralized moral authority in government that can defend this dogma and enforce it on those too ignorant and selfish to understand it .
Protect people from their own bad judgment with laws banning dangerous behavior , and subsidies when they fail .
Remember above how we showed that the Tea Partiers tend to be more educated , and by extension , have read more history than current events news ?
Whether we call it socialism or not , the kind of dogma that Obama advocates is found in all declining civilizations and is n’t a recent invention .
It ’s a hybrid between paternalism , the state in loco parentis , the kind of egalitarianism that makes one popular in social settings , and a type of flat - hierarchy feudalism where government takes care and keeps control of its citizens .
This is exactly the type of government our Founding Fathers ( tm ) left Europe to escape .
There , it was the church and the dying remnants of the aristocracy defending themselves against the rising revolutions and Protestantism .
Here , it ’s the Nanny Sate and its counterpart , the all - powerful government that passes moral judgment on its citizens .
In the new dogma , you are either in line with the moral dogma , or you ’re an enemy of the state .
Where the basic idea of middle class America is “ let the best rise , ” the founding principle of the new dogma is “ reward all who are on our side . ”
This is n’t the language of people looking to build a prosperous nation , but those who are looking to take over one .
And this is why the Tea Partiers are worried : they ’re looking at people who literally want to dispossess them and their children , replace them with a new population , and move on toward the kind of government that uses this type of plan — a type of government generally found in the third world or politically dysfunctional countries .
Of course , people are easy to mislead , and our media loves to fan the flames because it brings in more viewers .
Which is a more popular message : “ we need to fix this with hard work ” or “ it ’s not your fault , someone did you wrong , so we need to band together to destroy them ” ?
Whether it ’s Napoleon Dynamite or Save the Last Dance , the message is that all the misfits must band together and crush the oppressor , who is conveniently racist , sexist , homophobic or whatever moral absolute we need to convince us that they ’re 100 % bad .
Slavery .
Fascism .
Pedophilia .
The middle class is important because they are guardians of American society .
They work hard , save their money , buy $ 10 sneakers instead of $ 200 ones , and as a result are able to employ others at their small businesses , contribute to the arts and society , and use their productivity and competence to make our nation run strongly .
Their Christiany - ness is no surprise : the flip side of “ let the best rise ” is the knowledge that the best will then turn around and give back to those who are also deserving .
In this battle , the cry of “ racism ” is empty because it is a justification — using guilt and passive aggression — for replacing the middle class and middle class values with a group of misfits dependent on an all - powerful centralized government .
Racial equality is not the goal , but the means of achieving it , or neutralizing the educated , white , middle class of America with racial guilt .
As I propose in a related article , the essence of conservatism is preservationism .
If the Tea Party knows what ’s good for themselves , they ’ll become a Green Tea Party and work to not only preserve the middle class and its values , but our natural environment .
The two values go hand - in - hand .
In doing so , they ’ll establish the higher principle they ’re fighting for here , one that gets obscured behind the rhetoric about “ Socialism ” versus that of “ Racism . ”
While all the talking heads are calling the Tea Party racists , the educated middle class members of the Tea Party are involved in a far greater fight — to determine what future we pick , one that rewards the best or one that norms us and stops driving us to be better than we are .
That is a fight for the soul of a nation , and one that should not be so easily dismissed as with the now - empty epithet , “ racist . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
When the shooting started Adlan Mutsaev and his friends were in the woods picking garlic .
They had arrived in the forest earlier that day , together with a group of neighbours travelling in a battered coach .
The plan had been straightforward : stuff their sacks , enjoy the countryside , and then head back home to the Chechen town of Achkoi - Martan .
Without warning , Russian commandos hiding behind a hillock opened fire .
Adlan , 16 , was with his brother Arbi , 19 , and their friends Shamil Kataev , 19 , and Movsar Tataev , 19 .
Shamil and Movsar were both wounded .
Adlan was shot in the leg , but managed to hobble into a ditch .
He hid .
Arbi also attempted to flee , but men in camouflage fatigues caught up with him .
According to the human rights group Memorial , Arbi was forced to drag his two wounded and bleeding friends across the snow .
Shamil begged for his life .
But the solders were impervious .
They placed a blindfold over Arbi's eyes .
And then they opened fire : executing Shamil and Movsar on the spot .
At least two other garlic pickers suffered the same fate : Ramzan Susaev , 40 , and Movsar Dakaev , 17 .
According to his relatives , Dakaev had pleaded to be allowed on the trip with the others .
Wearing a bright green fleece , he took a photo of himself in the woods with his mobile phone .
It shows him proudly posing against a craggy backdrop of cliffs and trees covered in snow .
A little over 48 hours later his body was discovered .
The misfortune of the four garlic pickers was to have unwittingly strayed into a " counter - insurgency operation " conducted by Russian forces in the densely wooded border between Chechnya and Ingushetia .
The soldiers , apparently looking for militant rebels who are waging their own violent campaign against the Russian state , came across the unarmed group , brutally killing them amid the picturesque massif of low hills .
Normally this atrocity on a cold day in February would have raised barely a ripple of attention had it not been for the terrible events in Moscow this week .
In a video address on Thursday , Chechnya 's chief insurgent leader , Doku Umarov , said Monday 's suicide attacks on the Russian capital 's metro were in revenge for the killings of the garlic pickers near the Ingush village of Arshaty .
He claimed federal security service ( FSB ) commandos had used knives to mutilate their bodies of the dead boys .
Forty people died and more than 70 were injured when two suicide attackers from the North Caucasus set off their devices at stations outside the headquarters of the FSB and Park Kultury .
Russia 's counter - terrorism committee yesterday named the Park Kultury bomber as Dzhanet Abdurakhmanova , saying she was also known as Dzhanet Abdullayeva .
Born in 1992 , she came from Dagestan .
Kommersant newspaper published a photo of her dressed in a black Muslim headscarf holding a pistol .
It named the second bomber as 20 - year - old Markha Ustarkhanova from Chechnya , describing her as the widow of a militant leader killed last October .
Linked or not , human rights groups say it is undeniable that the brutal actions of Russia 's security forces have fuelled the insurgency raging across the North Caucasus region of Russia and the ethnic republics of Dagestan , Ingushetia , Chechnya and Kabardino - Balkaria .
This largely invisible war has now reached the Kremlin 's doorstep .
" People are abducted .
People are killed .
There are no guarantees of security , " Magomed Mutsolgov , a human rights activist , told the Guardian yesterday , speaking from Nazran , Ingushetia 's chief town .
Law enforcement and security agencies have committed dozens of summary and arbitrary detentions , acts of torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , as well as extra-judicial executions , rights groups say .
Typically , armed personnel wearing masks encircle a village or district in a " sweep operation " .
They force their way into homes , beat residents and damage property .
Suspected militants are taken away .
Many never return .
Others are simply shot , and fake weapons planted on them , rights groups allege , citing interviews with victims and relatives .
According to Mutsolgov , the Kremlin 's counter - terrorism methods have proved entirely counter - productive : " Violence produces more violence .
It drives people to the militant underground . "
The nature of the armed conflict in the North Caucasus has also mutated .
From 1994 to 1996 Boris Yeltsin fought a war against mainly secular Chechen separatists who wanted – like the newly independent Georgians over the mountains – their own constitution and state .
In 1999 - 2004 president Vladimir Putin fought a second Chechen war .
The aim was to crush Chechen separatism .
Now , however , the Kremlin is battling another kind of enemy .
The new generation of insurgents have an explicitly Islamist goal : to create a radical pan-Caucasian emirate with sharia law , a bit like Afghanistan under the Taliban .
In February Umarov vowed to " liberate " not only the North Caucasus and Krasnodar Krai but Astrakhan – on the Caspian Sea - and the Volga region as well .
The rebels ' tactics have also grown more fanatical .
Umarov has seemingly revived the suicide squads used by his assassinated predecessor Shamil Basaev .
Last summer a suicide truck bomber blew up Nazran 's police station .
Another bomber succeeded in ramming the car of Ingushetia 's president , Yunus - Bek Yevkurov .
Monday 's attack in Moscow was the first in the capital for six years .
Increasingly , the rebels are also exploiting a new weapon : the web .
On 2 March special forces launched a massive operation in Ekashevo , a suburb on the outskirts of Nazran .
There they killed Said Buryatsky , a Siberian - born convert whose jihadist messages on YouTube had attracted a following among disaffected Muslims .
Under fire from Russian artillery , Buryatksy recorded a final message for his global disciples .
Yesterday Russian forces had sealed off Ekashevo .
But video footage obtained by Memorial shows a picture of devastation : pulverised houses , wrecked cars and alleyways strewn with bricks .
After the battle Russian forces displayed a haul of weapons seized from the rebels – together with a blown - off human hand .
Human rights groups are critical of both sides .
They accuse the rebels and government of failing to respect human life .
Timur Akiev , the head of Memorial 's Nazran office , said : " The government 's methods have led to a radicalisation of the underground .
The rebels now have only one goal : to beat Russia at any price .
The rebels and the security forces behave in the same way towards each other .
The civilian population is caught in the middle . "
Like its imperial tsarist predecessors , who subdued the Caucasus in a sustained and savage campaign of tree - felling and village - burning , today 's Russian leadership has little understanding of the region or its habits , Akiev suggested .
He also condemned Monday 's bombings .
" I do n't understand how you can kill Russian civilians in revenge for the killing of Chechen civilians .
It 's absurd .
The people who died in the metro had nothing to do with the conflict . "
The Kremlin 's response to the metro bombings has been , predictably , vengeful .
Vladimir Putin has called for those responsible to be " scraped from the sewers " .
Dmitry Medvedev , the president , visited Kizlyar on Thursday , a day after twin suicide bombers killed 12 people and injured 28 others .
Security forces should " get more cruel " , he recommended .
" Quite a lot has been achieved in fighting terrorism lately , " Medvedev said .
" We have twisted the heads off the most odious bandits .
But that , by all accounts , is not enough .
We will track them down and punish all of them .
We must deal sharp dagger blows to the terrorists , and destroy them and their lairs . "
Before Monday 's Moscow bombings , Medvedev had taken a few tentatively creative steps in the region , including appointing a new federal envoy .
But the key problems remain .
There are numerous socio-economic factors driving the insurgency : poverty , unemployment ( running unofficially at around 75 % in Ingushetia ) , police brutality , and corruption .
Back in Achkoi - Martan , it took relatives two days to discover what had happened to their loved ones .
After hiding for 48 hours in a hole , fed by a spring , Adlan Mutaev crawled out of the forest .
Local people discovered him alive on the edge of the wood .
His brother Arbi was released by Russian commandos after two days .
Human rights workers from Memorial arrived on 14 February , interviewing dozens of witnesses and taking photographs of corpses heaped up in the snow .
Those of Shamil Kataev revealed that he had been shot in the temple from close range .
Someone had stolen his mobile phone and passport , as well as a letter from the head of Achkoi - Martin , granting the garlic pickers permission to be in the area .
The body of Movsar Tataev was covered in gunshot wounds .
In addition there were knife wounds to his spine and groin .
Ramzan Susaev had been shot in the chest .
His brother eventually found his body lying in the forest .
Unusually , Ingushetia 's president Yevkurov quickly acknowledged that several innocent civilians had been killed in February 's special operation .
He added , however , that security forces had succeeded in killing 18 rebels , and said that the operation had served to increase the stability of the region .
Both Chechnya and Ingushetia 's rulers have paid the families of the dead teenage boys compensation .
The plot of John Updike ’s short story “ The Alligators ” seems simple enough .
Adolescent boy thinks he hates adolescent girl and torments her ; boy realizes he ’s a social outcast like girl ; boy falls in love with girl ; boy gets rejected , for he is neither needed nor wanted .
To illustrate , starting with the girl :
Everybody hated her .
That month Miss Fritz was reading to them during homeroom about a girl , Emmy , who was badly spoiled and always telling her parents lies about her twin sister Annie ; nobody could believe , it was too amazing , how exactly when they were despising Emmy most Joan should come into the school with her show - off clothes and her hair left hanging down the back of her fuzzy sweater instead of being cut or braided and her having the crust to actually argue with teachers .
“ Well I ’m sorry , ” she told Miss Fritz , not even rising from her seat , “ but I do n’t see what the point is of homework .
In Baltimore we never had any , and the little kids there knew what ’s in these books . ”
And now , the boy :
This was the one time Charlie saw Joan cry actual tears .
He was as bad as the others : worse , because what the others did because they felt like it , he did out of a plan , to make himself more popular .
In the first and second grade he had been liked pretty well , but somewhere since then he had been dropped .
There was a gang , boy and girls both , that met Saturdays – you heard them talk about it on Mondays – in Stuart Morrison ’s garage , and took hikes and played touch football together , and in winter sledded on Hill Street , and in spring bicycled all over Olinger , and did what else , he could n’t imagine .
Charlie had known the chief members since before kindergarten .
But after school there seemed nothing for him to do but go home promptly and do his homework and fiddle with his Central American stamps and go to horror movies alone … .
Charlie thought the gang might notice him and take him in if he backed up their policies [ i.e. torturing Joan ] without being asked .
The plot is deceptively simple ; the complications are beginning to show .
Charlie ’s being a social outcast has something to do with him being a bit geeky , whereas Joan is a primadonna .
He likes to do homework .
Her marks , from what he can tell , are n’t all that good .
Moreover , it is n’t clear that Charlie is terribly aware of sexuality yet .
He only really sees Joan differently when she starts looking like the other girls .
The center of the story – from where the title comes from – has Charlie saving Joan in a dream from a river full of alligators .
It is followed by two statements , one which is expected , “ He loved Joan Edison , ” and another not so expected :
If he carried her off , did rescue her from the others ’ cruelty , he would have defied the gang and made a new one , his own .
Just Joan and he at first , then others escaping from meanness and dumbness , until his gang was stronger and Stuart Morrison ’s garage was empty every Saturday .
Charlie would be a king , with his own touch football game .
Everyone would come and plead with him for mercy .
The issue for us is whether Charlie really is in love or thinks he ’s in love because he wants power .
Of course , Joan ’s transformation results in this :
In the afternoon [ after walking with Joan a bit ] the momentum of the dream wore off somewhat .
Now that he kept his eyes always on her , he noticed , with a qualm of his stomach , that in passing the afternoon from Miss Brobst ’s to Miss Fritz ’s room , Joan was not alone , but chattered with others .
In class , too , she whispered .
So it was with more shame – such shame that he did n’t believe he could ever face even his parents again – than surprise that from behind the dark pane of the variety store he saw her walk by in the company of the gang … .
It came to him that what he had taken for cruelty had been love , that far from hating her everybody had loved her from the beginning , and that even the stupidest knew it weeks before he did .
That she was queen of the class and might as well not exist , for all the good he would get out of it .
We obviously have to take the narrator ’s notions with a grain of salt , given that he ’s relaying to us what Charlie thinks , and Charlie , while a bright 5th grader , is still a 5th grader .
What ’s interesting to us is n’t how Charlie is misreading the situation .
The torments this girl went through were real enough , she was forced to fit in .
What I ’d like to try and get a grip on is Charlie ’s boyish pride , that starts from an “ everybody hated her ” to a realization that he was alone to a love of the girl when it looked like she was trying to fit in to a disappointment when she actually did fit in .
The story moves from pride to shame , and what I want to know is how that relates to the development of reason and love .
How exactly do we learn – if we learn – from getting things utterly wrong ?
There are several narratives underneath the surface .
One narrative is the politics of adulthood and childhood .
Miss Fritz cried once when a child spilled paint on the floor .
Charlie noticed that she was afraid to death of the school board .
That same dynamic of fear and torment is used by Miss Fritz to keep order in the classroom when Joan starts up – this school is n’t your old school , fit in now .
Getting a response from others is usually perceived to be power , especially if the response is n’t positive .
Charlie ’s left out as a wannabe : the gang is purposely capricious , and if it were n’t , it would n’t be any fun to be a part of .
What ’s interesting is what Joan initially represents , before she “ changes . ”
Her character does n’t change , there ’s just a threshold of abuse that everyone has to learn to take .
She does represent something exotic , as flower imagery accompanies her all throughout the narrative .
When Charlie walks with her and notices her much more closely , it is raining , and she ’s wearing perfume .
She is something alien , a sexuality that is not more adult as much as it is pushing others to adulthood .
But the ones last to catch on are n’t always dumb or behind .
Sometimes they ’re like Charlie : the situation is just too complex for an outside adult observer to read , let alone a 5th grader .
For example , Charlie ’s lament lends strong credence to the idea that students put on an act for teachers and teachers put on an act for their bosses , etc .
And the problem with that narrative , of course , is that putting on an act is hard work .
It requires an awareness that many do n’t have to do consistently .
But is it happening ?
Sure – I remember grade school .
I was relatively innocent and still knew a bunch of things I should n’t have known .
The kids that were less innocent and less bright knew far , far too much , and it did catch up with them .
When you ca n’t pay attention in class because everything is about sex , getting “ blitzed , ” and power at 13 or 14 , you ’re not going to pay attention when you ’re 21 or 30 or whenever .
At the same time , innocence is not a prerequisite to learning .
Experiences that one can work with – experiences that encourage one to think – are .
It is no surprise , then , that the Platonic dialogues encourage us to think of philosophy as an art in the sense that cooking or household management are arts .
Charlie has those experiences .
He likes to draw , and Joan is someone he looks at carefully :
She had a thin face with something of a grownup ’s tired expression and long black eyelashes like a doll’s .
… on his tablet where she could easily see over his shoulder he once in a while drew a picture titled “ Joan the Dope : ” the profile of a girl with a lean nose and sad mincemouth , the lashes of her lowered eye as black as the pencil could make them and the hair falling , in ridiculous hooks , row after row , down through the sea - blue cross - lines clear off the bottom edge of the tablet .
The haircut had brought out her forehead and exposed her neck and made her chin pointier and her eyes larger .
Another peculiar thing was the tan beneath her skin ; he had noticed before , though not as closely , how when she colored it came up a gentle dull brown more than red .
We move , in Charlie ’s vision , from the colorless to caricatures to the appropriate color .
We could sit here and try to think up alternative readings of what Charlie missed or did n’t miss .
Perhaps his being in love with Joan , and everyone knowing it , helped earn her the respect of others .
Perhaps Charlie is n’t as bright as he thinks he is , and the gang is really a step ahead of him and he ’s left out for good reason .
But Charlie ’s eye for detail really is the key to the puzzle .
The other kids have grown up quickly because they have a caricature of what being a grown - up is , and they ’re going to stick to the plan .
The short story – Charlie ’s story – is centered around a river / rain metaphor ; he saves her from a river full of alligators , when he walks with her the weather is wet .
Alligators grow up in crude , stupid ways too – the trick is to realize when you ’re one of them or not .
Mother left bedbound by N cup breasts has operation to remove 2.5 stone of flesh from her chest
A mother - of - four who was left bedbound for six months because of her N cup breasts has had an operation to remove two - and - a - half stone of flesh from her chest .
Peruvian Julia Manihuari's chest started growing seven years ago after the birth of her third son , until they reached a size N , leaving her unable to move .
' It was awful , ' said Mrs Manihuari , 29 , who lives in a rural area of Peru near Loreto .
' If I tried to get up I would faint because my breasts were so heavy . '
Mother - of - four Julia Manihuari was left bedbound for six months after her breasts grew to an N cup
The farmer 's wife , who is only 5 ft , was finally helped when local media paid for her to take a three - day boat journey to the nearest town to seek medical help .
Mrs Manihuari and her husband Ascension were flown to the capital Lima where doctors diagnosed an extreme form of Bilateral Gynecomastia , an illness where the mammary gland keeps growing .
Doctors at the Loayza Archbishop Hospital were worried the weight of her chest could crush her lungs and kill her .
Mrs Manihuari was rushed in for a six - hour operation , during which she had two - and - a - half stone of flesh removed from her chest .
Doctors reduced her chest to a 34B cup , giving the 29 - year - old back her freedom after the operation a month ago .
During a six - hour operation last month , doctors reduced Mrs Manihuari 's chest to a 34B cup
Because of the veins and arteries in Mrs Manihuari 's chest , they had to take extra care not to make her condition worse .
Mrs Manihuari , who had counselling after her operation said : ' Before the operation I could n't do anything , I just had to live with it , it got so bad that my breasts were touching my legs .
' I have always had a small build , and the stress on the rest of my body was agony . '
She added : ' My breasts were growing by the day .
I could n't move because my boobs and belly were the same size .
' My breasts became so huge my skin had sores and I had trouble breathing . '
Dr Zarela Solis , director of the hospital , said : ' This was a highly complex operation , there were lots of medical risks but I am pleased that Julia has recovered so well , and is free to go home to her children , who she misses very much . '
The national broadband plan has grand ideas for hooking people up to high - speed Internet , as well as solving a problem that has existed since 9/11 : interoperable communications .
The problem ?
The cost , which may be funded via a " national broadband fee " tacked onto your bill .
The has grand ideas for hooking people up to high - speed Internet .
But the plan also crafts a solution to a problem officials have been trying to solve since 2001  interoperable communications .
On the other hand , the plan also floats the idea of a " national broadband fee , " paid for by taxpayers .
The plan , which the Federal Communications Commission presented to Congress this week , calls on the government to use the power of broadband to improve public safety .
Specifically , that includes the creation of a nationwide interoperable public safety wireless broadband communication networks by 2020 .
" The country must do better , " the FCC wrote .
" With broadband , 911 call centers could receive text , pictures , and videos from the public and relay them to first responders , [ and ] the government could use broadband networks to disseminate vital information to the public during emergencies in multiple formats and languages . "
In the wake of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , state and local fire and police officials responded to the call for help , but their equipment was not interoperable , causing communication problems .
Police could not warn fire department officials about falling debris .
Port Authority police could not tell state police to get out of a building , and so on .
The creation of a truly interoperable system has been talked about in Washington ever since , but nearly nine years later , no such thing exists .
The FCC 's plan takes a three - pronged approach , the first of which calls on the FCC to open up some spectrum so networks do n't become jammed during an emergency .
The January 2008 , 700 - MHz spectrum plan set aside the D - block for public safety use , but it willing to pay the $ 1.3 billion reserve price .
The FCC report suggests not focusing solely on the D - block , but engaging in partnerships with commercial operators for public safety use of wireless spectrum more broadly .
Basically , if there 's an emergency , first responders get to hop on available networks  not just those in the D - block  and are given first priority if that network is at capacity .
However , the plan also does n't explain how that would happen .
That would be funded by federal grants , the FCC said .
The plan also calls for the creation of an Emergency Response Interoperability Center ( ERIC ) .
Housed within the FCC , ERIC would ensure that all these apps , devices , and networks work together .
" Focusing on interoperability from the beginning should help the public safety broadband network to overcome the difficulties faced by other earlier voice efforts , " the report said .
All these suggestions are useless without money , though .
While a majority of the recommendations made in the 376 - page FCC report are " budget - neutral " because they would ideally be funded by spectrum auctions and private investment , the public safety section is one of several that would require Congress to okay funding .
The FCC estimates that the interoperable network would require as much as $ 6.5 billion over 10 years , with most of that money needed between the second and fifth year .
The costs associated with keeping these efforts going and sustainable , however , could be between $ 12 billion and $ 16 billion .
Congress should allocate this money no later than FY2012 , the report said .
Another way to get those funds ?
Add a surcharge to broadband service .
" Imposing a minimal public safety fee on all U.S. broadband users would be a fair , sustainable and reasonable funding mechanism .
The fee should be sufficient to support the operation and evolution of the public safety broadband network , " the FCC said .
The FCC would also need an additional $ 6.9 million and $ 1.9 million every year thereafter to continue the FCC's Project Roll Call , which keeps tabs on the operational status of wireless and broadcast communications .
The public safety section of the report also touches on cyber -security .
It calls on the FCC to : deliver a cyber - security roadmap to Congress within 180 days ; require broadband and VoIP providers to report all outages ; and create a cyber - security information reporting system with the Department of Homeland Security , among other things .
Finally , the plan includes proposals for next - generation 911 systems , which will incorporate broadband into the 911 system .
The plan recommends that Congress tell the National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration to issue a report on costs , which will be used to develop of a federal regulatory framework for NG911 deployment .
" The plan 's recommendations for advancing public safety and homeland security draw upon an extensive record and incorporate input from the public safety community , service providers , vendors and countless others , " Jamie Barnett , chief of the FCC 's public safety and homeland security bureau , said in a blog post .
" We truly appreciate the efforts of all who contributed to development of these recommendations , which we believe will revolutionize public safety communications and emergency response . "
UPDATE : FCC spokesman Rob Kenny said Thursday that any fee assessed for the public safety network would be nominal and less than $ 1 per month , per user .
" The public safety fee would be tens of cents per wireless user per month ( certainly less than $ 1 dollar ) , " he said via e-mail .
" This is still being reviewed and no definitive range or figure has been estimated .
We will continue to review this . "
" We are confident that the recommendations in the National Broadband Plan provide a framework to ensure that there is a nationwide interoperable wireless broadband network for America 's first responders .
It is vitally important that we create a broadband network for public safety that enables them to respond to emergencies rapidly and cohesively , " Kenny concluded .
The following joint statement of solidarity -- initiated by Socialist Alliance , Australia -- has been signed by a number of left and progressive organisations in the Asia - Pacific region .
If your organisation would like to sign on , please email international@socialist-alliance.org .
* * *
Joint statement from Asia - Pacific left and progressive organisations
May 13 , 2010
We , left and progressive organisations from the Asia - Pacific region , express our solidarity with the resistance of the Greek people against the harsh austerity being imposed upon them by the governments of the European Union ( EU ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The proposed “ rescue package ” for the Greek economy by the IMF - EU has triggered a huge struggle that will have worldwide ramifications for working people .
On May 5 , as Greece 's parliament debated the package , at least 500,000 people took over the streets of Athens as part of a nationwide general strike , the largest demonstration in Greece in 30 years .
The general strike involved half of the working population of Greece .
Protests are continuing across Greece , and the trade unions and left organisations have vowed to resist implementation of the austerity package .
Protesters marched again in huge numbers on May 6 , as the Greek parliament voted to adopt the package .
Strikes and demonstrations against the package continue .
At the root of this struggle lies the fundamental question :
Who will pay for the global capitalist economic crisis — the working people suffering most from its effects or the powerful bankers and rich capitalists who caused it ?
This is an attempt to shift the cost of the crisis onto working people .
The Greek workers did not cause the financial crisis , yet they are being told they must suffer as a result .
The very financial markets that were rescued by government bailouts that followed the global financial crisis are now demanding massive cuts in public expenditure and public services , and a new round of neoliberalism .
In Greece , this includes :
Freezing of wages and retirement pensions in the public sector for five years ;
Making it easier to lay - off public servants ;
Increases in the regressive goods and services tax rates ;
Increased taxes on fuel , spirits and tobacco ;
Increases in the retirement age for women and men ;
Greater restrictions on access to a full retirement pension ; this pension will be calculated on the worker ’s average salary over their working life , instead of their final salary ( a net cut of 45 % - 60 % ) ;
Government spending cuts of 1.5 billion euros ( less money for education and health care ) and public investments will also be reduced by 1.5 billion euros ;
A new minimum salary for youth and long - term unemployed ;
Greater deregulation of the economy and more privatisation .
If the vicious austerity measures are successfully implemented in Greece , workers in other European countries ( such as Portugal , Spain and Italy ) will be the next .
But it wo n't stop there .
The working people of every country have a stake in the success of the resistance of Greece 's working people in stopping the attacks on their living standards .
In the response to the attacks , the Greek mass movement 's demands include :
Refuse to pay the debt ;
Public and social control of the financial system , including nationalising banks ;
Re/nationalisation of businesses and public utilities with strategic importance , with public and social control ;
Increase salaries and pensions .
No increase in the retirement age .
Increase job recruitment and freeze lay - offs .
Increase tax rates on big capital , increase taxes on large real estate and stock transactions ;
Slash military spending ;
Increase spending on health and education , unemployment relief and spending on social infrastructure .
No commercialisation of education and health ;
The capitalist system is inhuman and offers no future for working people .
A victory for Greece ’s workers will strengthen our fight against capitalism ’s onslaught all over the world .
The massive struggle and spirit of defiance shown by Greece ’s workers have inspired us .
The signatories of this statement support the Greek people 's protests and offer our unconditional solidarity with those mobilising in massive numbers to fight the austerity measures .
Signed by :
Alliance Party of New Zealand
People ’s Democratic Party ( PRD ) , Indonesia
Power of the Labouring Masses Party ( PLM ) , Philippines
Socialist Alliance , Australia
Socialist Aotearoa , New Zealand
Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM )
Socialist Worker New Zealand
Workers Party of New Zealand
Working Peoples Association ( PRP ) , Indonesia
Young Democrats , Singapore
[ If your organisation would like to sign on , please email international@socialist-alliance.org . ]
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ] Gordon Brown has called for a " special investigation " into Goldman Sachs after reports that the bank is to pay £ 3.5 bn in bonuses .
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show the Prime Minister described the situation as one of " moral bankruptcy " .
His criticism follows allegations by the Securities and Exchange Commission in US that Goldman defrauded investors during the sub - prime housing crisis .
Goldman strongly rejected the claims as wrong " in fact and law " .
Mr Brown said that the UK Financial Services Authority should launch an immediate inquiry in co-operation with the US regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
The Sunday Times reported that the bank was set to pay out £ 3.5 bn in bonuses to its staff worldwide - including almost £ 600 m to 5,500 London - based employees - for just three months work .
On Friday , the SEC issued civil charges against Goldman that it failed to disclose conflicts of interest during the marketing of sub - prime mortgages in which investors lost $ 1bn .
Mr Brown said that the issue underlined the need for further reform of the international banking system .
" I am shocked at this moral bankruptcy .
This is probably one of the worst cases that we have seen , " he said .
The narrative of what transpired , as set out by the SEC , is quite the financial thriller
Robert Peston , BBC Business Editor
Peston 's Picks : Why Goldman may owe UK taxpayers $ 841 m ' Immediate investigation ' " Hundreds of millions of pounds have been traded here and it looks as if people were misled about what happened .
I want the Financial Services Authority to investigate it immediately . "
The other two main parties have plans to reform the banking system .
Among Conservatives plans is a strong push for an international agreement to stop banks engaging in large - scale trading using their own money And the Liberal Democrats , which would have gone further than Labour 's bail - out and nationalised banks , say they will separate banks ' retail and investment arms .
In Germany , government spokesman Ulrich Wilhelm told a German newspaper that its regulator , BaFin , will also seek information from the SEC .
" After a careful evaluation of the documents we will decide about legal steps , " Mr Wilhelm said .
Germany - based IKB , which invested in the sub - prime securities , required a bailout of at least 10bn euros after its near collapse in 2007 .
Charges On Friday , the SEC issued charges against Goldman and one of its London - based vice presidents , Fabrice Tourre .
The SEC says Goldman failed to disclose " vital information " that one of its clients , Paulson & Co , helped choose which securities were packaged into the mortgage portfolio .
These securities were sold to investors in 2007 .
But Goldman did not disclose that Paulson , one of the world 's largest hedge funds , had bet that the value of the securities would fall .
The whole building is about to collapse anytime now ...
Only potential survivor , the fabulous Fabrice ...
Email by Fabrice Tourre
The SEC said : " Unbeknownst to investors , Paulson ... which was posed to benefit if the [ securities ] defaulted , played a significant role in selecting which [ securities ] should make up the portfolio . "
" In sum , Goldman Sachs arranged a transaction at Paulson 's request in which Paulson heavily influenced the selection of the portfolio to suit its economic interests , " said the Commission .
Housing collapse
The SEC alleges that investors in the mortgage securities , packaged into a vehicle called Abacus , lost more than $ 1bn ( £ 650 m ) in the US housing collapse .
Mr Tourre was principally behind the creation of Abacus , which agreed its deal with Paulson in April 2007 , the SEC said .
The Commission alleges that Mr Tourre knew the market in mortgage - backed securities was about to be hit well before this date .
The SEC 's court document quotes an email from Mr Tourre to a friend in January 2007 .
" More and more leverage in the system .
Only potential survivor , the fabulous Fab[rice Tourre ] ... standing in the middle of all these complex , highly leveraged , exotic trades he created without necessarily understanding all of the implications of those monstrosities !!! "
A Goldman spokeswoman said the company had no comment on Mr Brown 's attack .
On Friday , the bank , said : " The SEC 's charges are completely unfounded in law and fact and we will vigorously contest them and defend the firm and its reputation . "
John Paulson made billions of dollars in the financial markets Calls to Mr Tourre 's office were referred to the Goldman press office .
Paulson has not been charged .
In a statement , Paulson & Co. said : " As the SEC said at its press conference , Paulson is not the subject of this complaint , made no misrepresentations and is not the subject of any charges . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A security officer at Valencia County District Courthouse in New Mexico got into big trouble after putting his grandson on the conveyor belt of an x-ray scanner used for scanning bags , purses , etc .
Once the grandson was inside the machine , he took a picture of him with the X - ray machine to show his internal organs to him .
“ He had the child lay on the conveyer belt and had him go through the X - ray machine to show him his internal organs . ”
Says Deputy Chris Trujillo , Public Information Officer for the Valencia County Sheriff ’s Office .
“ How long was the boy on the conveyer belt as they were showing him his organs ? ” Eyewitness News 4 Reporter Jeff Maher asked .
“ I ’m not sure how long he was on the conveyer belt , or how far he went inside the conveyer belt , ” Trujillo replied .
“ If he went the complete length of the conveyer belt and came out the other end , I have no idea . ”
Source : www.kob.com
The kid ’s mother complained to the supervising officer after she found out about the incidence despite her relation to the perpetrator .
“ Why would they do that , why would they put him through the machine ? ” Asked David Garcia , parent of a 9 - year - old girl .
“ I ’ve been in for MRI ’s , and they take precautions for putting that jacket on you and do precautions .
” Source : www.kob.com
I agree , X - rays are harmful , but what about the full body X - ray machines ?
As the Pittsburgh Penguins ' wound down their final regular season at Mellon Arena , I had the opportunity to tour the new Consol Energy Center .
The new arena will be ready to host events in August and will be the home of the Penguins beginning with the 2010 - 11 NHL season .
A shot of the " glass side " of the Consol Energy Center , offering some great views from inside .
Coming through one of the three entrances on to what will soon be the ice surface .
The massive jumbotron and speaker clusters .
The four main screens will each be 25'x15 ' and high - definition all the way .
When the scoreboard is finished it will weight 70,000 pounds .
Workers installing the seats .
The gold - backed seats are for looks , forming gold rings around the arena .
Sure beats the orange and blue of Mellon Arena .
This is the Penguins ' new oval - shaped locker room , much bigger than the one in Mellon .
A new players ' lounge , trainers ' area , gym , equipment and shower rooms are all attached to this .
The hydro - therapy room , located in the trainers ' area .
The main concourse , above the lower bowl .
You can see the " open concourse " design of the arena here .
The upper bowl also has an open concourse around it .
This should make plenty of room for fans to move around , unlike the situation at Mellon , with it 's one , narrow concourse .
The new Igloo Club , with the old Mellon Arena in the background .
This room is huge , and will be available to rent out for events like parties and wedding receptions .
A view from the upper - bowl concourse .
There truly will not be a bad seat in this arena , no balconies or poles obstructing views .
This will be an area open to all ticket holders , not just those in the Igloo Club .
There will be food and a " brew pub " located here .
This area has the best views from the new arena .
The view .
The windows are a little dirty right now , but the city lit up at night for a game should be a great sight from up here .
The team had a day off on Monday .
They will return to practice on Tuesday and I 'll be there to find out the Penguins ' thoughts on the upcoming series against Ottawa .
We should also find out the status of any injuries then .
User Name Remember Me? Password Register Entertainment FAQ Calendar Mark Forums Read
California Member Introductions & Bull in Session Lounge Introductions forum for California members and a place to discuss non-prison related topics with other people in the State .
Display Modes 1 01-30-2010 , 03:16 PM
kima ♥
Join Date : Jul 2007 Location : Cali Posts : 4,328 Thanks : 2,331 Thanked 4,616 Times in 1,700 Posts WATCH OUT !
New Traffic Fine Regulations for 2010
He ads up .. California needs money , so pay close attention to the rules of the road !
Traffic Tickets Fines ( 01/06/2010 ) Violation Total Fine Due VC 12814.6
214 Failure to obey license provisions .
VC 14600 ( A )
214 Failure to notify DMV of address change within 10 days
Note :
The fine may be reduced with valid proof of correction .
VC 16028(A )
796 Failure to provide evidence of financial responsibility ( insurance )
Note :
This fine may be reduced with proof of insurance on or after the violation date .
VC 21453(A )
436 Failure to stop at a red signal .
VC 22350
214 VC 22349
Unsafe Speed , 1 to 15 miles over the limit .
VC 22350
328 VC 22349
Unsafe Speed , 16 to 25 miles over the limit .
VC 22450
214 Failure to stop at a stop sign .
VC 22454(A )
616 Passing a school bus with flashing red signals .
VC 23123(A )
148 Drive using wireless phone not hands free , First offense
VC 23123(A )
256 Drive using wireless phone not hands free , For each subsequent offense .
VC 23123.5( A )
148 Drive while wireless device to send , read or write text .
VC 23124(B )
148 Minor drive using wireless phone .
VC 22500 ( I )
976 Parking in a bus loading area .
VC 22507.8 ( A through C )
976 Violation of disabled parking provisions , first offense .
VC 22507.8 ( A through C )
1876 Violation of disabled parking provisions , second offense .
VC 26708(A )
178 Unlawful material on vehicle windows .
VC 27150 ( A and B )
178 Adequate muffler required
VC 27315 ( D and E )
148 Mandatory use of seat belts .
VC 27360 ( A and B )
436 Mandatory use of child passenger restraints
Note :
This fine may be reduced by completing a court authorized child seat diversion program .
VC 27400
178 Headsets / Earplugs over both ears .
VC 27803 ( A through C )
178 Motorcycle safety helmet requirements .
VC 34506.3
616 Commercial Driver - Log book violation
VC 4000 ( A )
256 No evidence of current registration .
Note :
The fine may be reduced with valid proof of correction .
VC 4159
178 Notify DMV of change of address within 10 days .
Note :
The fine may be reduced with valid proof of correction .
VC 5200
178 Display of license plates .
Note :
The fine may be reduced with valid proof of correction .
VC 9400 ( A through C )
178 Commercial weight fees due .
Note :
The fine may be reduced with valid proof of correction .
__________________
The Following 7 Users Say Thank
You to kima For This Useful Post : aquiltter ( 01-30-2010 ) , D4C ( 01-30-2010 ) , frazzlled ( 06-10-2010 ) , His Brown Suga ( 01-31-2010 ) , JERRYSGIRL05 ( 02-01-2010 ) , noboundries ( 02-04-2010 ) , Tricksie2645 ( 02-01-2010 ) Sponsored Links 2 02-01-2010 , 07:04 AM sidewalker CA , LASO , site sug .
SUPER MOD
Join Date : Mar 2007 Location : ca usa Posts : 34,158
Thanks : 60,360 Thanked 32,921 Times in 16,456 Posts I also think you have to add * administrative fees* to the fines .
So it will be more , and depending on what county the violation was rec'd , could be alot more !
I thought about why that frisbee was getting bigger and bigger .........
then it hit me .
__________________ 3 02-01-2010 , 07:10 AM
kima ♥
Join Date : Jul 2007 Location : Cali Posts : 4,328 Thanks : 2,331 Thanked 4,616 Times in 1,700 Posts CHP has definitely been out in full force in my area .
I drive my son 30 miles round trip , 2X a day , to school .
A month ago I saw one or two highway patrol officer 's in a two month time period .
In the last few weeks , I 've seen two or three officer 's EACH AND EVERY TRIP , and they have been pulling a lot of people over !!!
Anyone driving Hwy 49 between Nevada and Placer Counties ... beware .
__________________ 4 02-01-2010 , 12:16 PM
Tricksie2645 Registered User
Join Date : May 2007 Location : N Calif Posts : 1,460
Thanks : 255 Thanked 214 Times in 118 Posts Quote : kima Originally Posted by CHP has definitely been out in full force in my area .
I drive my son 30 miles round trip , 2X a day , to school .
A month ago I saw one or two highway patrol officer 's in a two month time period .
In the last few weeks , I 've seen two or three officer 's EACH AND EVERY TRIP , and they have been pulling a lot of people over !!!
Anyone driving Hwy 49 between Nevada and Placer Counties ... beware .
That can be a bad stretch sometimes .
Is n't it still mostly 2 lanes with some passing lanes ?
Maybe they are just trying to get folks to slow down .
__________________ 5 02-01-2010 , 09:13 PM
kima ♥
Join Date : Jul 2007 Location : Cali Posts : 4,328 Thanks : 2,331 Thanked 4,616 Times in 1,700 Posts
There 's more area now with four lanes , but still two lanes for parts of it .
I do n't think it 's a safety thing , or else CHP would have been a more active presence long before these new fines went into effect .
It 's like they went from 0 to 100 in a minute !
They are pulling people over left and right .
Literally .
Driving south I see one car pulled over , and heading north on the way home , another one ...
I 've even seen them pulled over on BOTH sides at the same time by different officers .
Am I in the only county that 's really ramped these tickets up ?
Or just in a small enough county to really notice it ???
__________________ 6 02-02-2010 , 01:16 AM
Tricksie2645 Registered User
Join Date : May 2007 Location : N Calif Posts : 1,460
Thanks : 255 Thanked 214 Times in 118 Posts Some counties are more " vigorous " in pursuing easy money .
There is n't much easier money than traffic tickets .
Now in order to fight one of the red light camera ones you have to pay the full amount upfront and then make a court date , which means time off work , hassle , etc .
__________________ 7 02-02-2010 , 01:45 PM
GRMsflirt Registered User
Join Date : Dec 2008 Location : Shasta County , California Posts : 621 Thanks : 476 Thanked 354 Times in 198 Posts
We always have a big police presence up here for the holidays , but I have noticed this year that they have n't backed off yet .
Although I still notice people driving while talking on their cell phones and that law went into effect last year .
Bookmarks Digg
Digg del.icio.us
del.icio.us StumbleUpon
StumbleUpon Google
Google Facebook
« Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode
Posting Rules
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts On BB code is On Smilies are On [ IMG ] code is HTML code is Off Forum Jump
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who 's Online Search Forums Forums Home WELCOME TO PTO PTO News , Information & Events PTO POLICIES / RULES Introduce Yourself !
Prison Talk Online Conference & Get - 2- Gethers PTO Quarterly Newsletter 911 Prison Petitions Nature 's Wrath : Hurricanes , Earthquakes , Floods , etc BECOMING INVOLVED Prison Activism Elsa 's Inmate Card Projects Inmate Card Projects Private Forum RESOURCE CENTER World Prison News Prison & Criminal Legal Help !
Prison Legislation & Laws Lost in the System Criminal Immigration Issues The Nimuay Domestic Violence Support Forum Native American Prisoner Discussions The War on Drugs - and the results of it Drug & Alcohol Treatment & Rehabilitation Drug & Alcohol Testimonies and Success Stories Prisoner Addiction Resources Friends & Families of Addicts Prison & Jail Wedding Information Central MEDICAL & HEALTH General Health Care Mental Health Hepatitis C FOR FAMILY & FRIENDS General Prison Talk GPT Phones , Mail , and Visitation Discussions Husbands & Boyfriends in Prison Wives & Girlfriends in Prison LGBTQ +
People in Prison Remembering Those That Passed While In Prison When the Relationship is Over ... Met While Incarcerated Parents with Children in Prison PWCIP - Introductions The Parents Forum Lounge Raising Children with Parents in Prison Adult Children and Siblings of Inmates Extended Family Juvenile LOVING A ... Loving a Violent Offender Loving a Lifer Loving a Long-term Sentenced Offender CAPITAL PUNISHMENT
Death Row & Capital Punishment Discussions Death Row -
What you need to know !
Execution Watch In Memoriam FOR " OFFENDERS " Headed to Prison Now That Your Loved One Is Home ... Education Inside Probation , Parole & Supervision Employment w/ a Criminal Record Coming Home The Countdown Recidivism and Re-entry Support Networks and Programs Success Stories Straight Talk SHARING EXPERIENCES
Letters & Stories from Inmates & X - Cons It 's Not All Bad Behind the Walls U.S. REGIONAL FORUMS FEDERAL PRISON SYSTEM Federal General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Federal Bureau of Prisons Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information .
Federal System News , Events and Legal Issues Federal Prison Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Federal Prison Self Surrendering Information Federal Probation , Supervised Release , Halfway House and Community Supervision Welcome Home From Federal Prison Federal Prisons Alderson Federal Prison Camp Allenwood FCI - Low & Medium Bryan Federal Prison Camp Beaumont Federal Correctional Complex Carswell Federal Prisons Fort Dix FCI Hazelton Federal Prisons McCreary USP and FPC Morgantown FCI Terre Haute Federal Prisons USP Victorville Other Federal Prisons Military Prison Talk & UCMJ ALABAMA Alabama General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Alabama Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Alabama Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Alabama Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Alabama Parole , Probation & Release Alabama Prison and Jail Specific Discussions ALASKA Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions ARIZONA Arizona General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Arizona Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & events Arizona Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Arizona Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Discussions Arizona Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Arizona Prisons & Jail Specific Discussions ARKANSAS Arkansas General Prison Talk , Introductions and Chit Chat Arkansas Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Arkansas News & Events Arkansas Prison & Jail  Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Arkansas Parole , Probation & Release Arkansas Prison and Jail Specific Discussions CALIFORNIA California General Prison Talk California Member Introductions & Bull in Session Lounge California Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events + 3 Strikes CDCR - What You Need to Know California Prison Phones , Packages & Mail California Prison Visitation - General Q&A California Legal Help California Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information California Parole , Probation & Release California Prison - Specific Forums California : County & City Jail Discussions California Fire Camps California Out - Of - State Facilities & Information California Community Corrections Facilities California Health Care Facility ( CHCF ) California Juvenile System Avenal State Prison ( ASP ) - California California Correctional Center ( CCC ) - Susanville California Correctional Institution ( CCI ) - Tehachapi California Institution for Men ( CIM ) - Chino California Institution for Women ( CIW ) - Chino California Mens Colony ( CMC ) - San Luis Obispo California Medical Facility ( CMF ) - Vacaville California Rehabilitation Center ( CRC ) - Norco California State Prison , Los Angeles County ( LAC ) California State Prison , Sacramento ( SAC ) California State Prison , Solano ( SOL ) California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility , Corcoran ( SATF ) Calipatria State Prison ( CAL ) - California Centinela State Prison ( CEN ) - California Central California Women 's Facility ( CCWF ) - Chowchilla Chuckawalla Valley State Prison ( CVSP ) - California Corcoran State Prison ( COR ) - California Correction al Training Facility , Soledad ( CTF ) - California Deuel Vocational Institution ( DVI ) - California Folsom State Prison ( FSP ) - California High Desert State Prison ( HDSP ) - California Ironwood State Prison ( ISP ) - California Kern Valley State Prison ( KVSP ) - California Mule Creek State Prison ( MCSP ) - California North Kern State Prison ( NKSP ) - California Pelican Bay State Prison ( PBSP ) - California Pleasant Valley State Prison ( PVSP ) - California R. J. Donovan Correctional Facility at Rock Mountain ( RJD ) - California Salinas Valley State Prisons ( SVSP ) - California San Quentin State Prison ( SQ ) - California Sierra Conservation Center ( SCC ) - California Valley State Prison ( VSP ) - California Wasco State Prison ( WSP ) - California COLORADO Colorado General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Colorado Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Colorado Prison & Jail  Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Colorado Parole , Probation & Release Colorado Prison and Jail Specific Discussions CONNECTICUT
Connecticut General Prison Talk Connenticut Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Connecticut Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Connecticut Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Connecticut Prison and Jail Specific Discussions Connecticut Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service DELAWARE Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions FLORIDA Florida General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Florida Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Florida News & Events FLDOC - What You Need to Know Florida Prison Phones , Packages & Mail Florida Prison Visitation - General Q&A Florida Parole , Probation & Release Florida Legal Information Florida Prisons & Jails Florida - Region 1 Facilities Region I Work Release Centers Region I Work Camps , Forestry Camps and Road Prisons : Florida - Region 2 Facilities Region II Work Release Centers : Region II Work Camps , Forestry Camps and Road Prisons Florida - Region 3 Facilities Region III Work Release Centers Region III
Work Camps , Forestry Camps and Road Prisons Florida - Region 4 Facilities Florida County & Metro Jails GEORGIA
Georgia General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Georgia Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Georgia Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Georgia Prison and Jail Specific Discussions Georgia Prison & Jail  Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Georgia Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service HAWAII Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions IDAHO Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions ILLINOIS
Illinois General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Illinois Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news and information Illinois Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Illinois Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Illinois Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Illinois Prison and Jail Specific Discussions INDIANA Indiana General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Indiana Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Indiana Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Indiana Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Indiana Prison and Jail Specific Discussions Indiana Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service IOWA Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions KANSAS Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions KENTUCKY Kentucky General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Kentucky Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Kentucky Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Kentucky Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Kentucky Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Kentucky Prison and Jail Specific Discussions LOUISIANA
Louisiana General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Louisiana Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Louisiana Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Louisiana Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Louisiana Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Louisiana Prison and Jail Specific Discussions MAINE Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions MARYLAND Maryland General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Maryland Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Maryland Prison & Legal News , Info & Events Maryland Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Maryland Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Maryland Prison and Jail Specific Discussions MASSACHUSETTS Massachusetts General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Massachusetts Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Massachusetts Prison & Legal News & Events Massachusetts Parole , Probation , Halfway House and Community Service Massachusetts Prison Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Massachusetts Prison and Jail Specific Discussions MICHIGAN
Michigan General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Michigan Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Michigan Prison and Legal News & Events Michigan Prison Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Michigan Parole , Probation , Halfway Houses , Employment , etc. Michigan Prison & Jail Specific Discussions Michigan Reception & Guidance Centers and SAI Boot Camp Michigan Region I - West Prisons and Camps Michigan Region I - East Prisons and Camps Michigan Region II Prisons and Camps Michigan Region III Prisons and Camps Michigan City and County Jails MINNESOTA Minnesota General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Minnesota Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Minnesota Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Minnesota Parole , Probation & Release Minnesota Prison & Jail Specific Discussions MISSISSIPPI Mississippi Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Mississippi General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Mississippi Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Mississippi Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Mississippi Probation , Parole , ERS , ISP , & ICC Mississippi Prison and Jail Specific Discussions MISSOURI Missouri General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Missouri Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Missouri Prison & Criminal Justice News , Legislation & Events Missouri Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Missouri Parole , Probation , Pre-Release & Release Missouri Prison and Jail Specific Discussions MONTANA
Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions NEBRASKA
Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions NEVADA Nevada General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Nevada Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Nevada Prison & Legal News , Info & Events Nevada Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Nevada Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Nevada Prison and Jail Specific Discussions + Lock Down Info NEW HAMPSHIRE Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions NEW JERSEY New Jersey General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat New Jersey Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information New Jersey Prison & Legal News , Info & Events New Jersey Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail New Jersey Parole , Probation , Halfway House , Community Service , etc. New Jersey Prison and Jail Specific Discussions + Lock Down Status NEW MEXICO Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions NEW YORK New York General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat New York Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information New York Prison News & Events New York Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail New York Parole , Probation , Work Release & Release New York Legal Information New York Prisons & Jails FEDERAL
Prisons in New York ( FBOP ) CLINTON HUB - NY DOC ELMIRA HUB PRISONS - NY DOC GREAT MEADOW HUB - NY DOC GREEN HAVEN HUB - NY DOCS NEW YORK CITY HUB - NY DOC ONEIDA HUB PRISONS - NY DOC SULLIVAN HUB - NY DOCS WATERTOWN HUB - NY DOC WENDE HUB PRISONS - NY DOC Other New York Prisons & Jails Riker 's Island Jail - New York NORTH CAROLINA North Carolina General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat North Carolina Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information North Carolina Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail North Carolina Parole , Probation & Release North Carolina Prison and Jail Specific Discussions NORTH DAKOTA Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions OHIO Ohio General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Ohio Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Ohio Prison & Legal News , Info & Events Ohio Prison Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Ohio Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Ohio Prison and Jail Specific Discussions OKLAHOMA Oklahoma General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Oklahoma Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) news & information Oklahoma Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Oklahoma Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Oklahoma Prison and Jail Specific Discussions OREGON Oregon General Prison Talk , Introductions & Chit Chat Oregon Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Oregon Prison & Legal News , Info & Events Oregon Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Oregon Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Oregon Prison and Jail Specific Discussions PENNSYLVANIA Pennsylvania General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Pennsylvania Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Pennsylvania Visitation , Prison Phones , Packages & Mail Pennsylvania Parole , Probation , Work Release , Halfway Houses & Community Service Pennsylvania Prison and Jail Specific Discussions RHODE ISLAND Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions SOUTH CAROLINA South Carolina General Prison Talk , Introductions and Chit Chat South Carolina News & Events South Carolina Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail South Carolina Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) South Carolina Parole , Probation & Release South Carolina Prison and Jail Specific Discussions SOUTH DAKOTA Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions TENNESSEE Tennessee Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Tennessee General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Tennessee Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Tennessee Prison and Jail Specific Discussions Tennessee Parole , Probation & Release TEXAS Texas Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Texas General Prison Talk Texas Member Introductions & Lone Star Lounge Texas Prison & Criminal Justice News & Events Texas Prison and Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Texas Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Texas Legal News & Information Texas Prison and Jail Specific Discussions + Lock Down Status UTAH Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions VERMONT
Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions VIRGINIA
Virginia General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Virginia Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Virginia Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Virginia Prison and Jail Specific Discussions + Lock Down Info Virginia Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service WASHINGTON Washington General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Washington Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Washington Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Washington Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service Washington Prisons & Jail Specific Discussions WEST VIRGINIA
West Virginia General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat West Virginia Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) West Virginia Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail West Virginia Prison and Jail Specific Discussions West Virginia Parole , Probation & Release WISCONSIN Wisconsin General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Wisconsin Covid - 19 ( Corona Virus ) Wisconsin Prison & Jail Visitation , Phones , Packages & Mail Wisconsin Prison and Jail Specific Discussions Wisconsin Parole , Probation , Work Release & Community Service WYOMING Prison & Criminal Justice Discussions AROUND THE WORLD Africa and Middle East Prison & Criminal Justice Topics Asia and Pacific Prison & Criminal Justice Topics Australia / New Zealand Prison & Criminal Justice Topics Australia / NZ General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Australia & New Zealand Prison & Jail Discussions Australia / NZ Parole , Probation & Release Forum Canadian Prison & Criminal Justice Topics Canada - General Prison Talk , News , Introductions & Chit Chat Canada Prisons & Jails Visitation , Phones , Packages & mail Canada Parole , Probation & Legal Information European Prison & Criminal Justice Topics South & Central America , Caribbean Prison & Criminal Justice Topics United Kingdom Prison & Criminal Justice Topics PRISON PEN PALS Prison Inmate Pen - Pal Talk Prison Inmate Pen - Pal Ads - Submit yours here !
BREAK TIME PTO Lounge Game Room Artistic Corner and Body Art Cooking & Recipes Crime & Court Talk Continuing and Adult Education Dieting & Health Discounts & Frugality Pets & Animal Discussions Poetry Siggys & Graphics The Spiritual Connection MISC .
PTO ARCHIVES Hurricane Rita Forums Hurricane Katrina Disaster Forum Support & Reform Organizations
The Club House Welcome to the 1st PTO Baby Shower PTO v2 Discussion Interracial Relationships & the Prison System Hurricane Irma - September , 2017
Guinea - Bissau offered proximity to Europe , a purchasable state structure , a desperate citizenry and a hopelessly overmatched police force .
The Judiciary Police numbered a few dozen and had no vehicles and few weapons , handcuffs , flashlights — a serious problem in a capital with no streetlights — or even shoes .
Their prison consisted of a few locked rooms with barred windows in their headquarters on the road leading out of the capital .
Corruption was rife .
And yet they made some spectacular arrests .
Jorge Djata , the deputy chief of the drug squad , told me that in September 2006 , he received word of a shipment of drugs coming into Bissau from a town to the northwest .
He and several colleagues jumped into one of the rattletrap Mercedes taxis that ply the city ’s streets , followed the car to a house rented by Colombians and took them by surprise .
The haul was 674 kilograms , or nearly 1,500 pounds , of cocaine with a street value of about $ 50 million .
What happened next , however , defines the problems of law enforcement in countries like Guinea - Bissau even more than does the lack of shoes and guns and cars .
Djata and his colleagues took the three Colombians and the drugs to their headquarters .
Then , Djata says : “ We got a call from the prime minister ’s office saying that we must yield up the drugs to the civil authorities .
They said the drugs would not be secure in police headquarters , and they must be taken to the public treasury . ”
A squad of heavily armed Interior Ministry police surrounded the building .
Djata said his boss replied , “ We will bring the drugs ourselves , and then we will burn them . ”
Government officials refused .
Djata and his men relented , and the drugs were taken to the public treasury .
And soon , of course , they disappeared — as did the Colombians .
The high - ranking military officials who coordinated the arrival and unloading of the Gulfstream in 2008 were never charged , and the case was closed for lack of evidence .
Ansumane Sanhá , who served until recently as one of three magistrates investigating drug cases , told me that South American dealers were frequently issued Guinea - Bissau passports .
They drove around the dusty , pitted streets of Bissau in Hummers and Jaguars .
The parliamentary elections of November 2008 , though generally deemed fair by international observers , were viewed by the Bissau - Guineans themselves as a raucous bidding war .
“ The streets were full of 4 - by - 4 cars , ” recalls Luís Vaz Martins , the president of a local nongovernmental organization , the Human Rights League of Guinea - Bissau .
“ The parties would give cars to any influential man .
I ’ve never seen so many members of Parliament who were drug dealers . ”
Vaz Martins says the dealers scrambled for cabinet posts , above all the ministries of interior and fisheries .
Why fisheries ?
“ This is the most important , ” Vaz Martins explains .
“ The drugs come by plane , and they ’re dropped into the sea , and if you ’re the minister of fisheries , you can send boats to pick them up . ”
The navy had a few boats as well , used for the same purpose .
The police , of course , had no boats .
Guinea - Bissau seems hopelessly afflicted with bad government .
On the evening of March 1 , 2009 , the army chief of staff , Gen. Batista Thagme Na Waie , was assassinated in an explosion .
Hours later , President Vieira was hacked to death .
Vieira may have had Thagme killed ; or the murder may have been carried out by drug dealers who felt double - crossed .
Soldiers loyal to Thagme appear to have killed the president in revenge , though some speculate that forces in the military were responsible for both assassinations .
Neither murder has been solved or is likely to be .
The killings eliminated at a stroke two of Guinea - Bissau ’s founding fathers as well as two of its most notorious figures .
Trafficking dropped in the aftermath , possibly because drug lords no longer knew who could guarantee their security .
Thagme was replaced by Gen. José Zamora Induta , an intellectual respected for his integrity .
In July , Malam Bacai Sanhá , another figure then believed to have no known ties to trafficking , was elected president .
But the recent coup may have dashed all hopes for reform .
Not only was Induta deposed , but mutinous soldiers also liberated from a U.N. office a notorious naval official who had once been forced to flee the country after allegations of drug corruption .
That figure , Adm. José Américo Bubo na Tchuto , is now the new deputy chief of staff .
During my visit — before the coup , of course — senior government officials assured me that all the bad things were in the past .
The justice minister , Mamadou Saliu Djalo Pires , whom international enforcement officials view as one of their key allies , said , “ The new cabinet is very conscious of the problem of impunity . ”
He said prosecutors were working on indictments in the Gulfstream case ; high - ranking military officials would be brought to justice .
In fact , the military still essentially controls Guinea - Bissau , and few believe that General Induta exercised real control over senior officers .
Nevertheless , the international community felt at the time that it finally had partners it could work with and had been lining up with offers of equipment and training .
While I was in town , the French ambassador held a ceremony to hand over to the police three new 4 - by - 4 vehicles , worth about $ 70,000 .
The United Nations drug office held a daylong workshop with officials representing Portugal , Spain , the European Union and other countries , as well as key domestic enforcement figures .
The police have a new headquarters in a converted colonial - era structure with pillared galleries .
They have computers , courtesy of the U.N. drug office .
Stacks of filing cabinets from a company in Muscatine , Iowa , still in their shrink wrap , were sitting next to the driveway when I arrived .
Sixty new recruits were recently trained in Brazil , bringing the total force to about 180 ; one member of the force told me that they were now being paid about $ 100 a month — and , more important , actually receiving their wages .
The U.N. drug office had agreed to pay for fuel for the new fleet of cars and motorbikes .
Still , the day I visited , the computer terminals , like the filing cabinets , were sitting in plastic covers , and I had the strong impression they had n’t been used .
It was 3 in the afternoon on Friday , and most of the squad had knocked off for the weekend .
Democratizing the streets
steve@sbg.com
It ’s hard to keep up with all the changes occurring on the streets of San Francisco , where an evolving view of who and what roadways are for cuts across ideological lines .
The car is no longer king , dethroned by buses , bikes , pedestrians , and a movement to reclaim the streets as essential public spaces .
Sure , there are still divisive battles now underway over street space and funding , many centered around the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency , which has more control over the streets than any other local agency , particularly after the passage of Proposition A in 2007 placed all transportation modes under its purview .
Transit riders , environmentalists , and progressive members of the Board of Supervisors are frustrated that Mayor Gavin Newsom and his appointed SFMTA board members have raised Muni fares and slashed service rather than tapping downtown corporations , property owners , and / or car drivers for more revenue .
Board President David Chiu is leading the effort to reject the latest SFMTA budget and its 10 percent Muni service cut , and he and fellow progressive Sups .
David Campos , Eric Mar , and Ross Mirkarimi have been working on SFMTA reform measures for the fall ballot , which need to be introduced by May 18 .
But as nasty as those fights might get in the coming weeks , they mask a surprising amount of consensus around a new view of streets .
“ The mayor has made democratizing the streets one of his major initiatives , ” Newsom Press Secretary Tony Winnicker told the Guardian .
And it ’s true .
Newsom has promoted removing cars from the streets for a few hours at a time through Sunday Streets and his “ parklets ” in parking spaces , for a few weeks or months at a time through Pavement to Parks , and permanently through Market Street traffic diversions and many projects in the city ’s Bicycle Plan , which could finally be removed from a four - year court injunction after a hearing next month .
Even after this long ban on new bike projects , San Francisco has seen the number of regular bicycle commuters double in recent years .
Bike to Work Day , this year held on May 13 , has become like a civic holiday as almost every elected official pedals to work and traffic surveys from the last two years show bikes outnumbering cars on Market Street during the morning commute .
If it was n’t for the fiscal crisis gripping this and other California cities , this could be a real kumbaya moment for the streets of San Francisco .
Instead , it ’s something closer to a moment of truth — when we ’ll have to decide whether to put our money and political will into “ democratizing the streets . ”
RECONSIDERING ROADWAYS
After some early clashes between Newsom and progressives on the Board of Supervisors and in the alternative transportation community over a proposal to ban cars from a portion of John F. Kennedy Drive in Golden Gate Park — a polarizing debate that ended in compromise after almost two acrimonious years — there ’s been a remarkable harmony over once - controversial changes to the streets .
In fact , the changes have come so fast and furious in the last couple of years that it ’s tough to keep track of all the parking spaces turned into miniparks or extended sidewalks , replacement of once - banished benches on Market and other streets , car - free street closures and festivals , and healthy competition with other U.S. cities to offer bike - sharing or other green innovations .
So much is happening in the streets that SF Streetsblog has quickly become a popular , go - to clearinghouse for stories about and discussions of our evolving streets , a role that the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition — itself the largest grassroots group in the city , with more than 11,000 paid members — recently recognized with its Golden Wheel award .
“ I think we are at a tipping point .
All these little things have been percolating , ” said San Francisco Planning Urban Research Association director Gabriel Metcalf , listing examples such as the creative reuse of San Francisco street space by Rebar and other groups ( see “ Seizing space , ” 11/18/09 ) , experiments in New York and other cities to convert traffic lanes to bicycle and pedestrian spaces , a new generation of more forward - thinking traffic engineers and planning professionals working in government , and more aggressive advocacy work by the SFBC , SPUR , and other groups .
“ I think it ’s all starting to coalesce , ” Metcalf said .
“ Go to 17th and Valencia [ streets ] and feel what it ’s like to have a sidewalk that ’s wide enough to be comfortable .
Or go ride in the physically separated bike lane on Market Street .
Or take your kids to the playground at Hayes Green that used to be a freeway ramp . ”
Politically , this is a rare area of almost universal agreement .
“ This is an issue where this mayor and this board have been very aligned , ” Metcalf said .
Winnicker , Newsom ’s spokesperson , agreed : “ The mayor and the board do see this issue very similarly . ”
Mirkarimi , a progressive who chairs the Transportation Authority , also agreed that this new way of looking at the streets has been a bright spot in board - mayoral relations .
“ It is evolving and developing , and that ’s a very good thing , ” Mirkarimi said .
Both Winnicker and Mirkarimi separately singled out the improvements on Divisidero Street — where the median and sidewalks have been planted with trees and vegetation and some street parking spaces have been turned into designated bicycle parking and outdoor seating — as an example of the new approach .
“ It really is a microcosm of an evolving consciousness , ” Mirkarimi said of the strip .
Sunday Streets , a series of events when the streets are closed to cars and blossom with life , is an initiative proposed by SFBC and Livable City that has been championed by Newsom and supported by the board as it overcame initial opposition from the business community and some car drivers .
“ There is a growing synergy toward connecting the movements that deal with repurposing space that has been used primarily for automobiles , ” Sunday Streets coordinator Susan King told us .
Newsom has cast the greening initiatives as simply common sense uses of space and low - cost ways of improving the city .
“ A lot of what the mayor and the board have disagreements on , some of that is ideological , ” Winnicker said .
“ But streets , parks , medians , and green spaces , they are not ideological . ”
Maybe not , but where the rubber is starting to meet the road is on how to fund this shift , particularly when it comes to transit services that are n’t cheap — and to Newsom ’s seemingly ideological aversion to new taxes or charges on motorists .
“ We ’re completely aligned when it comes to the Bike Plan and testing different things as far as our streets , but that all changes with the MTA budget , ” said board President David Chiu , who is leading the charge to reject the budget because of its deep Muni service cuts .
“ Progressives are focused on the plight of everyday people who ca n’t afford to drive and park a car and have to rely on Muni .
So it ’s a question of on whose back will you balance the MTA budget . ”
WHOSE STREETS ?
The MTA governs San Francisco ’s streets , from deciding how their space is allocated to who pays for their upkeep .
The agency runs Muni , sets and administers parking policies , regulates taxis , approves bicycle - related improvements , and tries to protect pedestrians .
So when the mayoral - appointed MTA Board of Directors last month approved a budget that cuts Muni service by 10 percent without sharing the pain with motorists or pursuing significant new revenue sources — in defiance of pleas by the public and progressive supervisors over the last 18 months — it triggered a real street fight .
The Budget and Finance Committee will begin taking up the MTA budget May 12 .
And progressive supervisors , frustrated at having to replay this fight for a second year in a row , are pursuing a variety of MTA reforms for the November ballot , which must be submitted by May 18 .
“ We ’re going to have a very serious discussion about MTA reform , ” Chiu said , adding , “ I expect there to be a very robust discussion about the MTA and balancing that budget on the backs of transit riders . ”
Among the reforms being discussed are shared appointments between the mayor and board , greater ability for the board to reject individual initiatives rather than just the whole budget , changes to Muni work rules and compensation , and revenue measures like a local surcharge on vehicle license fees or a downtown transit assessment district .
Last week Chiu met with Newsom on the MTA budget issue and did n’t come away hopeful that there will be a collaborative solution such as last year ’s compromise .
But Chiu said he and other supervisors were committed to holding the line on Muni service cuts .
“ I think the MTA needs to get more creative .
We have to make sure the MTA is n’t being used as an ATM with these work orders , ” Chiu said , referring to the $ 65 million the MTA pays to the Police Department and other agencies every year , a figure that steeply increased after 2007 .
“ My hope is that the MTA board does the right thing and rolls back some of these service reductions . ”
Transit riders have been universal in condemning the MTA budget .
“ The budget is irresponsible and dishonest , ” said San Francisco Transit Riders Union project director Dave Snyder .
“ It reveals the hypocrisy in the mayor ’s stated environmental commitments .
This action will cut public transit permanently and that ’s irresponsible . ”
But the Mayor ’s Office blames declining state funding and says the MTA had no choice .
“ It ’s an economic reality .
None of us want service reductions , but show us the money , ” Winnicker said .
That ’s precisely what the progressive supervisors are trying to do by exploring several revenue measures for the November ballot .
But they say Newsom ’s lack of leadership on the issue has made that difficult , particularly given the two - third vote requirement .
“ There ’s been a real failure of leadership by Gavin Newsom , ” Mirkarimi said .
Newsom addressed the issue in December as he , Mirkarimi , and other city officials and bicycle advocates helped create the city ’s first green “ bike box ” and honor the partial lifting of the bike injunction , sounding a message of unity on the issue .
“ I can say this is the best relationship we ’ve had for years with the advocacy community , with the Bicycle Coalition .
We ’ve begun to strike a nice balance where this is not about cars versus bikes .
This is about cars and bikes and pedestrians cohabitating in a different mindset , ” Newsom said .
Yet afterward , during an impromptu press conference , Newsom spoke with disdain about those who argued that improving the streets and maintaining Muni service during hard economic times requires money , and Newsom has been the biggest impediment to finding new revenue sources .
“ Everyone is just so aggressive on trying to raise revenue .
We ’ve been increasing the cost of going on Muni the last few years .
I think people need to consider that , ” Newsom said .
“ We ’ve increased the cost of parking tickets , increased the cost of using a parking meter , and we ’ve raised the fares .
It ’s important to remind people of that .
The first answer to every question should n’t be , OK , we ’re going to tax people more or increase their costs .
“ You have to be careful about that , ” he continued .
“ So my answer to your question is two - fold .
We ’re going to look at revenue , but not necessarily tax increases .
We ’re going to look at revenue , but not necessarily fine increases .
We ’re going to look at revenue , but not necessarily parking meter increases .
We ’re going to look at new strategies . ”
Yet that was six months ago , and with the exception of grudgingly agreeing to allow a small pilot program in a few commercial corridors to eliminate free parking in metered spots on Sunday , Newsom still has n’t proposed any new revenue options .
“ The voters are n’t receptive to new taxes now , ” Winnicker said last week .
Mirkarimi does n’t necessarily agree , citing polling data showing that voters in San Francisco may be open to the VLF surcharge , if we can muster the same kind of political will we ’re applying to other street questions .
“ It polls well , even in a climate when taxation scares people , ” Mirkarimi said .
BIKING IS BACK
It was almost four years ago that a judge stuck down the San Francisco Bicycle Plan , ruling that it should have been subjected to a full - blown environmental impact report ( EIR ) and ordering an injunction against any projects in the plan .
That EIR was completed and certified by the city last year , but the same anti-bike duo who originally sued to stop the plan again challenged it as inadequate .
The case will finally be heard June 22 , with a ruling on lifting the injunction expected within a month .
“ The San Francisco Bicycle Plan project eliminates 56 traffic lanes and more than 2,000 parking spaces on city streets , ” attorney Mary Miles wrote in her April 23 brief challenging the plan .
“ According to City ’s EIR , the project will cause ‘ significant unavoidable impacts ’ on traffic , transit , and loading ; degrade level of service to unacceptable levels at many major intersections ; and cause delays of more than six minutes per street segment to many bus lines .
The EIR admits that the “ near - term ” parts of the project alone will have 89 significant impacts of traffic , transit , and loading but fails to mitigate or offer feasible alternatives to each of these impacts . ”
Yet for all that , elected officials in San Francisco are nearly unanimous in their support for the plan , signaling how far San Francisco has come in viewing the streets as more than just conduits for cars .
City officials deny that the bike plan is legally inadequate and they may quibble with a few of the details Miles cites , but they basically agree with her main point .
The plan will take away parking spaces and it will slow traffic in some areas .
But they also say those are acceptable trade - offs for facilitating safe urban bicycling .
The city ’s main overriding consideration is that we must do more to get people out of their cars , for reasons ranging from traffic congestion to global warming .
City Attorney ’s Office spokesperson Matt Dorsey said that it ’s absurd that the state ’s main environmental law has been used to hinder progress toward the most environmentally beneficial and efficient transportation option .
“ We have to stop solving for cars , and that ’s an objective shared by the Board of Supervisors , and other cities , and the mayor as well , ” Dorsey said .
Even anti-bike activist Rob Anderson , who brought the lawsuit challenging the bike plan , admits the City Hall has united around this plan to facilitate bicycling even if it means taking space from automobiles , although he believes that it ’s a misguided effort .
“ It ’s a leap of faith they ’re making here that this will be good for the city , ” Anderson told us .
“ This is a complicated legal argument , and I do n’t think the city has made the case . ”
A judge will decide that question following the June 22 hearing .
But whatever way that legal case is decided , it ’s clear that San Francisco has already changed its view of its streets and other once - marginalized transportation choices like the bicycle .
Even the local business community has benefited from this new sensibility , with bicycle shops thriving around San Francisco and local bike messenger bag companies Timbuk2 and Rickshaw Bags experiencing rapid growth thanks to a doubling of the number of regular bicyclists in recent years .
“ That ’s who we ’re aiming at , people who bike every day and make bikes a central part of their lives , ” said Mike Waffenfels , CEO of Timbuk2 , which in February moved into a larger location to handle it ’s growth .
“ It ’s about a lifestyle . ”
For urban planners and advocates , it ’s about making the streets of San Francisco work for everyone .
As Metcalf said , “ People need to be able to get where they ’re going without a car . ”
Are you a homeowner fed with your HOA ?
Do you not know how to solve the problem ?
If you are worried about your HOA problems and would like to get some relief , find the solution to the same .
When you …
Apple says it sold more than 450,000 iPads in the first few days after the device was available .
Consumers were drawn to Apple ’s cachet and the fresh approach to computing that the iPad represents , with its elevation of a touch screen and entertainment over a keyboard and productivity .
But commentators and consumers have also been talking about what the iPad lacks — for example , a camera and the ability to display much of the Web ’s entertainment content , like videos , if presented in the Flash format .
The iPad has also been criticized for its inability to allow users to multitask , but the company announced on Friday that it will have that ability in the fall .
Another drawback to the iPad is that it relies on a cellphone chip , with less horsepower than a computer chip .
H.P. ’s version of the iPad is expected to be released by midyear .
Notably , it will have a camera , as well as ports for add - on devices , like a mouse .
Also , it will , the company says in a promotional video , “ run the complete Internet , ” including videos and other entertainment .
Phil McKinney , the chief technology officer in H.P. ’s personal systems group , said in a recent interview that the company had been working on its tablet for five years .
It delayed releasing the product , he said , until the price could be lower .
The company ’s marketing department has been trickling out online videos of the device .
This kind of early marketing is a change for H.P. , which rarely talks about yet - to - be released products .
Mr. McKinney , however , said H.P. had felt little pressure from Apple ’s early move and would release its slate when it was ready .
“ I have one sitting on my desk , ” Mr. McKinney said .
“ We do n’t react or respond to competitive timing and those types of issues . ”
Two lawyers face the permanent revocation of their license because they defended activists , political prisoners and members of Falun Gong .
The police place under house arrest eight activists , arrest 20 .
Last year , 18 other legal staff have had their licenses revoked .
Beijing ( AsiaNews / CHRD ) -
About 200 people , including lawyers and activists demonstrated today in front Municipal Bureau of Justice in Beijing ( Umgp ) in support of two lawyers who face the permanent revocation of their license .
The two , Liu Wei and Tang Jitian are targeted for defending human rights activists , political prisoners and members of Falun Gong .
If the waiver is applied they will never be able to practise law again .
The Umgp have long asked for the removal of the two from the bar .
Today , a hearing was held , but so far there has been no verdict .
The charge relates to a trial held on April 27 2009 in Luzhou ( Sichuan ) , during which the two left the courtroom in protest against the conduct of Chief Justice and other judges .
The justice system in China must obey the Party and its decisions - especially those against political prisoners - are decided before trials even begin .
While the two defended themselves within the Umgp , the demonstration outside the building was under tight police control .
At least eight lawyers and activists could not participate because they were forced under house arrest today .
Among them : Li Fangping , Li Xiongbing , Li Subin , Li Heping .
Twenty protesters were arrested .
Faced with corruption and violence that dominates Chinese society , many people turn to lawyers who , defying the orders of the party seek to have the law enforced .
For some years real groups of " human rights lawyers " have arisen , willing - often for free - to defend people who have suffered injustices .
The truth is that media piracy has been rampant through all of history ... probably since the first guy to smear his feces on the wall in the shape of a buffalo turned around and immediately saw 50 more just like it being smeared on the walls behind him .
5 VCR's Will Kill Television !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Video sharing sites like YouTube represent a schism of users :
To some they 're a convenient way to share treasured memories and display and distribute the result of your new sketch comedy troupe featuring your ex-girlfriend , your roommate , your dog and absolutely no script - writing whatsoever .
But the biggest controversy , of course , is the opening of the floodgates on bootleg television that may one day spell the ultimate demise of the entire broadcasting industry , if not all of life itself !
And they may well have a point :
Theft is theft , and who 's going to actually pay for the programming if they can get it for free ?
For the first time in history , people are capable of recording and sharing video ripped straight from the very bosom of Sweet Lady Television herself , like some sort of Video Recording Device that is hitherto unprecedented in the history of - waaait a second ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Home -use VCRs were available as far back as 1963 , but did n't catch on until mass - production dropped the price in the late 1970s .
In an almost unrelated note : Shortly afterwards Jack Valenti , head of the MPAA , completely lost his shit .
Appearing before Congress -- flecks of spittle presumably slinging from his red , swollen face and melting caustic holes into the floor -- he proceeded to proclaim in all seriousness that " ... the VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the woman home alone . "
He then gave this stump speech that is either the most insane or the most awesome that ever happened in Congress :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" This is more than a tidal wave .
It is more than an avalanche .
It is here .
Now , that is where the problem is ... We are going to bleed and bleed and hemorrhage , unless this Congress at least protects one industry that is able to retrieve a surplus balance of trade and whose total future depends on its protection from the savagery and the ravages of this machine . "
We create innovative cycle parking and infrastructure .
Our focus is making cycling safe , secure and convenient .
To enable people to feel the social and environmental benefits of cycling .
Our award - winning products are designed by cyclists , for everyone .
We help transform all kinds of spaces to become cycle friendly , healthy and sustainable .
From public streets and train stations to schools and offices .
And we work in over 16 countries around the world .
Last Sunday , a writer from a certain New York newspaper described being frustrated in his search for the “ essence ” of L.A .
“ Something escapes me about Los Angeles , ” Verlyn Klinkenborg wrote after driving around Culver City , pondering the storefronts on Venice Boulevard and the Hollywood sign on the horizon .
New Yorkers have long been perplexed by L.A .
Three decades ago , in the film “ Annie Hall , ” Woody Allen famously said : “ I do n’t want to live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that you can make a right turn on a red light . ”
I ’ve been waiting for years to tell Woody that the spirit of L.A. ca n’t be found at a traffic light .
Nor will you find it in the debris at the edge of the freeway or at four - way stop signs , which are other places Klinkenborg went looking for it .
In search of a way to get at L.A. 's true nature , I called Tomas Benitez , an art maven and writer who ’s worked in L.A. theaters and galleries .
Benitez is a native Angeleno and an old soul who grew up in 1950s Boyle Heights and South L.A. among blacks , Jews and people of Mexican , Italian and Japanese ancestry .
In the 1960s , he rubbed elbows outside the Whisky a Go Go with Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young .
“ Finding the essence of L.A. is not meant to be easy , ” he told me .
Still , he said he believes he stumbled upon the secret of L.A. one evening in the 1980s , when he drove with his young daughter from the Eastside to the Pacific Ocean , almost 30 miles along old Brooklyn Avenue and Sunset Boulevard .
It was a journey that began with a greasy sandwich in the San Gabriel Valley , taking him past taco stands , transvestites , iconic nightclubs and faux Roman villas .
“ On that drive , we saw the world change 10 or 15 different times , ” he told me .
It seemed to me Benitez was on to something .
To really know it , you have to keep traveling between our north and south , our east and west , our glitz and our grit .
You have to discover new L.A.s for as long as you live here .
That ’s because L.A. is really numerous cities in time and space , some of them layered on top of each other .
Near its center and in that amorphous area many people inaccurately call “ the Eastside ” is the old city , which grew up around the junction of the Los Angeles River and the Arroyo Seco .
It ’s the time - worn L.A. you see in neighborhoods such as Echo Park and Watts .
For me , those places are the baroque heart of the city .
Photographer Tony Di Zinno lives in this Los Angeles , in Lincoln Heights , in an 1888 brewery that ’s been converted to lofts .
It ’s a creaky building of brick , tin and wood , with dramatic vistas of downtown skyscrapers and a vast rail yard where locomotives and boxcars join up in thundering collisions .
Many artists live in his and other neighboring industrial buildings , he told me :
“ The people here are longing for something .
We ’re looking for something authentic , precious or romantic . ”
Di Zinno was born in Cleveland .
“ When I was a kid , ” he said , “ I thought L.A. was Muscle Beach and Hollywood . ”
When he first came to L.A. , he lived in Venice and got used to a certain Westside - centric view of the city .
“ The elite thinks there ’s no real life east of the 405 , ” he said .
My sense is that a lot of outsiders see L.A. the same way , at least initially .
The Westside Di Zinno is referring to is n’t a place — it ’s a state of mind .
It ’s the way you think when you live in the L.A. that aspires to be a global city , the L.A. that collects Rembrandts and Greek statues , the L.A. whose residents believe they inhabit a sunny playground by the sea .
That L.A. exists in many places besides the Westside , of course , although most newcomers first encounter it long before they get here — in television and film .
Eventually , they ’ll find in neighborhoods west of La Brea a city that looks like that fictional L.A .
These days , Di Zinno enters the newer , more affluent L.A. to meet clients , and he passes through it on his way to LAX and assignments in places like Monaco and Afghanistan .
Then he returns home to the brewery and the older L.A .
Heading to nearby Dino ’s Burgers on Main Street , he finds a group of low - rider aficionados gathered outside .
He loves the feel of the place — just as cosmopolitan , he thinks , as the other half of the city , but without the pretensions .
“ I ’ve got everything here , all around me , ” he said .
“ Chinatown , Little Tokyo , East Los Angeles… . ”
The older L.A. where Di Zinno now lives has always been a place of cultural mixing .
It was the last stop on the wagon trails across the continent .
Today , it seems to me , it ’s still a rough - and - tumble Western frontier town writ large .
It ’s the city that was torn by ethnic and labor riots in 1871 , 1913 , 1943 , 1965 and 1992 .
I grew up in that older L.A. , but always had an eye on the west — among other things , my father worked at the Beverly Hilton .
Tomas Benitez also traveled routinely westward into the glitzier city — with his mom to shop at I. Magnin on Wilshire , or with his father and stepmother for dinner at Perino’s .
Each of those cross - town journeys , Benitez said , “ was like going out and hanging out in another corner of the world . ”
That ’s the L.A. Benitez wanted to show his 8 - year - old daughter Tara on that long drive down Brooklyn and Sunset — the movie stars and the wannabes , the barrio and the mansions all joined together .
Benitez was returning home , but Tara was born in St. Louis and had never seen L.A .
They had just arrived at the family ’s new Eastside home after a weeklong drive .
But Tara wanted to see the ocean , so they got back in the car .
After a quick run to the Hat in Alhambra for a pastrami sandwich , they got on Sunset and reached Olvera Street with its mariachis and brightly colored wares .
They cruised through Hollywood and saw odd people on the sidewalk .
“ That girl looks like a guy ! ” Tara shouted .
“ That girl is a guy ! ”
They passed the huge billboards on the Sunset Strip and the Beverly Hills Hotel —
“ It was a place out of a movie , but it was real , ” Benitez said .
Finally they reached Pacific Palisades and the ocean , where Tara put her feet into the water around midnight .
“ That drive was all about L.A. , ” Benitez told me .
That makes sense to me .
Los Angeles is a city built of many messy collisions .
The confusion , delight , loathing and bliss you feel when you take the time to truly see it — that , to me , is the essence of Los Angeles .
hector.tobar@latimes.com
The US Supreme Court has ruled that a law which allows “ sexually dangerous ” prisoners to be jailed forever without trial does not violate the Constitution .
The case centres on Graydon Comstock , who was convicted of possessing child pornography and sentenced to three years imprisonment .
Immediately prior to this sentence he served a separate sentence for engaging in lewd acts with a minor .
Six days prior to the end of his sentence , the government branded him a “ sexually dangerous ” paedophile who might reoffend , and denied him release , placing him into indefinite “ civil commitment ” in a federal prison .
He has since spent nearly three years in prison despite having been convicted of no further crime , and having served his sentence .
Release of such “ committed ” prisoners is possible only if they are deemed to be no longer dangerous – without a treatment program recognised as being capable of this , their imprisonment effectively becomes indefinite .
The law responsible for extending this practice to the federal level , the 2006 Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act , was soon challenged by prisoners now being denied release indefinitely , eventually reaching the Supreme Court .
Supreme Court justices finally ruled 7 to 2 in favour of the law :
“ It is necessary and proper for Congress to provide for the civil commitment of dangerous federal prisoners . ”
Democrats are delighted by the victory – Obama even recently promoted the lady who argued for indefinite sentences on behalf of the federal government , Elena Kagan , to the Supreme Court herself .
She is on record as having argued that the government should be able to restrict any speech it considers “ harmful , ” irrespective of the First Amendment
A Democratic senator holds forth in support of the decision :
“ The process to enact this law to protect our children from those who would do them harm was difficult .
I am heartened to see an overwhelming majority of the Supreme Court uphold this important child protection law . ”
Some states already operate similar laws , but this decision ensures the federal government can now freely override sentences throughout the land .
The solicitor general for Kansas , Stephen McAllister , a supporter of the law , suggests that allowing indefinite civil commitment for all kinds of criminals might now be possible :
“ Constitutionally , it might be possible .
I do n’t have a constitutionally limiting line for what kinds of mental disorders might be permissible and what [ might ] not .
If they lead to danger to others , potentially , they could be covered under such a law . ”
Wednesday , May. 05 , 2010
This wo n't hurt a bit ?
Then why the barbecue mitts around my neck ?
( A 2 - month - old clouded leopard cub gets vaccinated at the Prague Zoo . )
Get that man some Rogaine : FC Barcelona 's Daniel Alve has a balled head .
( Match against Tenerife at Camp Nou Stadium in Barcelona . )
Betcha can't eat just one :
An underclassman impresses the girls with his superior potato crisps in London 's Trafalgar Square .
Hey !
I 'm still here !
The volcano under Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull glacier would like to remind everyone who 's completely forgotten about it in the light of a certain oil spill that it is still erupting and causing new air traffic delays in Ireland and Scotland .
This might be the city limit : Travelers to Caddo Lake , Texas , sometimes find themselves in Uncertain territory .
Help , police !
A wayward baby sea lion hiding under a San Diego cop cruiser in Ocean Beach balks at being rescued by Kevin Robinson of Sea World .
The pup , estimated to be about 8 months old , was to be taken to Sea World , examined and rehabilitated before being released back in the ocean .
Duck down the drain : Firefighter Scott Dawson drops into a storm drain in Almedia , Pa. , in search of a baby duck that a witness saw fall through the grate .
Firefighters were unable to find the duckling , but left a clear path out of the pipe so it could escape .
A Panzer is no match for the well - aimed sidearm : A Russian officer captures a Nazi tank with a pistol during a World War II reenactment on the outskirts of Moscow .
Flames from a fire bomb engulf a riot cop in Athens during a violent protest against harsh new spending cuts .
Tens of thousands of outraged Greeks took to the streets to protest the country 's latest austerity measures aimed at preventing bankruptcy .
The condition of the policeman was not known .
The body of a shark lies in the sand of Ship Island , Miss .
It was not known if it died due to the oil spill from the Deepwater Horizon wellhead .
Blown ashore , oil - retention booms lie tangled in the growth near the nests of young brown pelicans on New Harbor Island in the Gulf of Mexico .
A few hours later commercial fisherman hired by BP repaired the booms .
An Afghan girl spins on a merry - go - round at a cemetery in west Kabul .
Poor Pakistani children play in a dirt alley on the outskirts of Islamabad .
Tidying up the dirt : A woman sweeps leaves in Beijing 's Ditan Park .
Slippery road ahead :
Wherever the Pacifica banana slug goes in rural Oakland , Ore. , slime is sure to follow .
But where will they put their documents proving they are n't illegal immigrants ?
Arizona State students strip to their skivvies for the AXE Undie Run Challenge in Tempe .
Washing away her sins : A Hindu devotee takes a holy dip in the River Ganges in Allahabad , India .
Mosab Hassan
Yousef is the eldest son of a founder of the militant Palestinian movement Hamas .
He grew up with privileged access to the inner circle of the Palestinian leadership .
He was captured and tortured by the Israelis but then decided to become a spy for the Israeli secret service Shin Bet .
Over ten years he became one of their most valuable intelligence assets .
His life under threat , he embraced Christianity and now lives in America .
He tells Zeinab Badawi how he feels about being regarded as a traitor to his family , his people and his faith .
You can watch HARDtalk on Wednesday 12th May on BBC News Channel at 0230 , 0430 and 2330 BST and on BBC World News at 0330 , 0830 , 1530 and 2030 GMT .
TNA Impact is back to its regular Thursday time spot and I ’m excited !
This is the last Impact episode before the Sacrifice PPV .
Who would gain some momentum heading into this Sunday ?
Find out right here :
Video Package : Clips from last week ’s Impact .
Hulk Hogan calls out Sting .
Jeff Jarrett jumps Sting .
Rob Van Dam successfully defends his TNA Title against Desmond Wolfe .
AJ Styles attacks RVD and says he ’s using his rematch clause at Sacrifice .
Eric Bischoff comes to the ring and kisses the fans butts for a moment , then introduces RVD .
Bischoff tells him and the fans more about the Top 10 ranking system , and says that Jeff Hardy is next on the list for a title shot , but they have n’t been able to get a hold of him today , so there will be no TNA Title match tonight .
RVD says , “ The best part about being TNA Champion is defending the belt .
No days off for me . ”
Interrupted by AJ Styles who comes to the ring .
“ You want to wrestle tonight ?
I ’m in the mood to hurt somebody .
I AM TNA and TNA is AJ Styles !
They ( crowd ) did n’t come here to see some Cheech and Chong sideshow . ”
Interrupted by Jeff Hardy .
He apologizes for being late and is ready for his match tonight .
Hardy thinks it should be a three - way … AJ ’s pissed .
RVD & Bischoff agree .
Match is made !
Backstage : Jeremy Borash is with The Beautiful People and he asks about Madison Rayne ‘s Knockout Title match this weekend against Tara where if Tara loses , she ’ll quit wrestling .
Madison thinks it ’s time for someone else to run with the ball for a bit .
Velvet Sky concurs with Madison .
Lacey Von Erich is doing a little dance and has to run to go pee !
Taylor Wilde vs. Tara
WINNER : Tara via kick to the gut
After match , Tara uses her knee brace and beats Taylor with it .
Sarita runs out to save he tag team partner .
Backstage : There ’s a commotion in the back .
People are crowding around Chelsea who ’s crying .
Desmond Wolfe is trying to get everyone back from her .
Christy Hemme reports that Chelsea was attacked as police are questing her .
Doug Williams comes to the ring with the X - Division Title ( Not official champion ) .
He says , “ Brian Kendrick is n’t worthy of a title shot , so this match is non-title ! ”
Doug Williams vs. Brian Kendrick
WINNER : Kendrick via pin fall roll up
Kazarian is on commentary .
He goes to the ring to take what he earned , the X - Division Title .
It distracts Williams for Kendrick pin fall victory .
Backstage : Christy Hemme updates us on Chelsea …
She asks one TNA official about the attacker .
He cannot say , but he ’s in total disbelief .
After a commercial break , Hemme tells us that she knows the name of the accused attacker , but cannot say until the person is in police custody .
Generation Me vs. Matt Morgan
WINNER ( S ) : No Contest
Mid match , Morgan asks for a mic .
He demands that Hulk Hogan name his partner for Sacrifice or there will be bloodshed .
Moments later , Samoa Joe ‘s music hits …
Joe and Morgan battle it out and eventually Joe gets the best of Morgan and hits the Muscle Buster .
‘s music hits … Joe and Morgan battle it out and eventually Joe gets the best of Morgan and hits the Muscle Buster .
Post brawl , The Band comes out to the ring with a Feast or Fired case that Kevin Nash won back about four months ago .
He ’s going to cash it in for a Tag Team Title shot while Morgan is laid out .
Tag Team Title Match
The Band ( Kevin Nash & Scott Hall ) vs. Matt Morgan ( Champion )
WINNERS : The Band via pin fall to become the new TNA Tag Team Champions
Backstage : Ink Inc. talking strategy about their match this Sunday now that The Band are the Tag Team Champions .
Team 3D vs. Motor City Machine Guns vs. Beer Money Inc. vs. Ink Inc .
WINNERS : Ink Inc. via pin fall after Jesse Neal hit Brother Ray with a spear
Backstage : Ric Flair is excited because AJ Styles gets a match with both RVD and Jeff Hardy .
He knows that AJ will win even though he can not be at ringside .
Backstage : RVD and Hardy bull shitting before their triple threat match .
TNA Global Title match is supposed to take place .
Champion Rob Terry comes to the ring , but his opponent , Abyss , does not .
Backstage : Police are arresting Abyss and are about to put him in the squad card for assaulting Chelsea .
Hulk Hogan comes out to help things , but they have to take Abyss in to the station and want his mask off .
Hulk takes the mask off Abyss and covers him with the hood of his sweatshirt .
Back in the ring , Orlando Jordan jumps Rob Terry from behind and beats him down with a pipe .
He then pulls out a deck of playing cards and places one on Terry ’s chest that says “ Wild Card . ”
After Terry ’s helped out of the ring , OJ takes the mic , “ I do what I want to .
I say what I want to because I ’m the TNA Wild Card . ”
He then issues an open challenge to anyone in the back .
Orlando Jordan vs. Tomko
WINNER : Jordan via referee stoppage after locking on a guillotine choke
Backstage : Hulk is upset about Abyss .
Lacey Von Erich walks into the room and tells him that this is all one big mistake .
She shows him her phone and he watches a video .
Backstage : Eric Bischoff is forcing Tara to fight in another match tonight after her incident earlier .
Sarita wanted this match .
Sarita vs. Tara
WINNER : Tara via pin fall after hitting Sarita with her knee brace while the ref was injured by en errant elbow
Video Package : What is with Sting and his inexplicable turn for the worse .
At Sacrifice , Sting and Jeff Jarrett will finally clash !
Non-Title Triple Threat Match
RVD vs. AJ Styles vs. Jeff Hardy
WINNER : Styles via pin fall with his feet on the ropes
Mid match , Mr. Anderson came out and attacked Jeff Hardy .
RVD goes to help his friend .
came out and attacked Jeff Hardy .
RVD goes to help his friend .
Post match , Hardy calls out Anderson to get back in the ring .
Anderson walks away only to have his path blocked by The Hulkster .
Hardy and Anderson brawl all over the Impact Zone and the fight was capped off by Hardy hitting a Swanton off the announce platform on a Anderson who was placed on a table on the floor .
Video Package : Camera phone footage from Lacey Von Erich of Chelsea and Desmond Wolfe plotting to frame Abyss for assault .
Video Package : Sacrifice THIS Sunday on PPV .
Card is run down .
QUICK THOUGHTS :
Well it ’s nice to see TNA back on Thursday .
I have to admit , it just did n’t feel right on Mondays to me .
That and the fact that I had to watch / review three shows in one night was n’t cool .
That ’s a lot of typing in a short time span .
TNA ’s Knockout division is just slightly above WWE ’s Divas now .
TNA has the better wrestlers , but the product they put out there is going to hell in a hand basket .
Tonight just sucked majorly for the women .
I thought Dixie Carter wanted to push young guys like Matt Morgan ..?
I guess that ’s over and done with .
Now the old guys of The Band have the tag titles .
That ’s just crappy in my opinion .
Get rid of those guys already !
Hell , I hope Ink Inc. takes the titles at Sacrifice .
They ’re crappy , but anything is better than Hall / Nash having them .
The assault angle was a piece of work …
First the fake crying from Chelsea .
Then the arrest of Abyss in which the police officers DID NOT actually handcuff him ( he was holding the cuffs behind his back ) .
Then the removal of his mask and the glimpse of him in the car without it .
Then finally the pee-break video from Lacey .
Wow !
I mean c’mon TNA .
At the beginning of the night , you announced that Wolfe was going to face Abyss in a match at Sacrifice , Chelsea ’s services against the HOF Ring , and then the assault angle happens .
REALLY ?!?
I knew from that first moment that they were going to blame that shit on Abyss !
That was totally weak !
TNA Sacrifice on PPV starts at 5 pm on the west coast this Sunday .
I will have previews up for you on Sunday before the show .
Prof Haseley , who is also head of the Western New York Mutual UFO Network , an organisation that is focused on UFO research , said there were up to 50 UFO sightings are reported every month across region .
[ HOT ]
Report on the first week of Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team work Haiti ( warning : long )
On Mon , Mar 29 , 2010 at 6:08 AM , Robert Soden < robert.soden at gmail.com > wrote : > ... > >
Apologies again for the length of this , we 'll send another update as we > can .
> >
Best , > Robert and Nicolas > >
Thanks for the detailed update .
Please keep it that way !
Greetings and all the best , Peter -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : < http://lists.openstreetmap.org/pipermail/hot/attachments/20100329/f9fd108f/attachment.html>
Gordon Brown launched a scathing personal attack on the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg yesterday , ridiculing his policies and likening him to a TV gameshow host .
This final attempt to prevent Labour slumping to a humiliating third place in Thursday 's general election was made in an exclusive interview with the Observer .
With polls predicting that Labour will lose its 13 - year grip on power – and Clegg claiming the election was " a two - horse race " between his party and the Tories – Brown appeared desperate to prick the Lib Dem bubble .
In a withering assault , during which he repeatedly laughed out loud at Lib Dem policies , Brown said Clegg could have cobbled together his proposals on a night out with friends .
" I mean , you know , when you actually look at their economic policy , these regional caps on immigration , this amnesty for illegal immigrants , this tax policy that 's built on £ 4.5 bn coming from tax avoidance , " he said , " it 's the sort of stuff that you do when you 're at a dinner party looking at your policies and writing them on the back of an envelope . "
He suggested the surge of support for the Lib Dem leader and his party was based merely on his smoothness in front of the television camera .
" We 're talking about the future of our country .
We 're not talking about who 's going to be the next presenter of a TV gameshow .
We 're talking about the future of our economy . "
Brown admitted that Labour was now the " underdog " in the race for No 10 but said he believed that with four days to go he still had time turn things round and convince the record number of undecided voters .
" This is the biggest decision for a generation , " he said .
The prime minister added that the " brutal truth " was that Labour had to win the election to safeguard the economic recovery and protect hundreds of thousands of jobs from being lost as a result of Tory cuts .
A batch of new polls last night showed the Tories increasing their lead while Labour and the Lib Dems battle it out for second place .
However , with a hung parliament still on the cards , Brown refused to be drawn on any discussion about coalition deals .
But he hinted that he would not try to cling on to power if his party fell into third place .
" Of course I respect the view of the electorate , " he said .
" I am a democrat . "
Brown said he intended to fight for the remainder of the campaign on the issue of jobs and which party had the best policies for safeguarding the economic recovery .
He described himself as a " serious man " with " serious policies " who had shown he could lead the country through the toughest times and got the big decisions on the economic crisis right .
In terms that will infuriate the Conservatives , the prime minister said David Cameron and his party knew that their economic policies would destroy countless jobs .
" There would be hundreds of thousands of jobs at risk under the Conservative government .
I mean there 's no doubt , if the Conservatives are in power , unemployment will be higher .
I do n't think even they would disagree with that . "
A Tory emergency budget – promised within 50 days of the election if they win – would wreck the recovery , the prime minister claimed .
" They would take away tax credits from a million people .
So , they take away people 's consuming power , their spending power .
You take money out of the economy ; that means that people have less to spend .
" It means that people buy less .
It means that retail is affected .
It means that all sorts of things happen as a result of that .
Then you take away £ 6bn from the public services and that means teachers ' jobs , it means police jobs . "
Yesterday , while touring a farmers ' market in his Oxfordshire constituency of Witney , Cameron said his party now had the " momentum " behind it and that he faced the final days of the campaign with " energy , energy , energy " .
He dismissed talks of a deal with the Lib Dems , saying an outright Tory victory was vital .
" That is good for the country , it needs strong leadership in uncertain times . "
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) met with President Obama and other congressional leaders at the White House Wednesday .
W.H. , GOP clash over banking reform
A bipartisan meeting on financial regulatory reform between President Barack Obama and GOP congressional leaders broke up early and acrimoniously Wednesday – as the White House warned Republicans against trying to water down the bill .
“ [ Obama ] made clear that bipartisanship should not be equated with an openness to lobbyists ’ loopholes and special interest carve - outs and that he would be unwilling to negotiate on some key issues , ” said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , in an e-mailed readout of the meeting , “ And that he could not accept bad policy ” in pursuit of a deal with the GOP .
Advertisement
“ It appears the bipartisan talks have broken down , ” pronounced Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Kent . ) , after meeting for less than an hour with Obama , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev . ) .
“ The strings were kind of pulled by the Democratic leaders , ” added McConnell , who said that Democrats “ are trying to jam us ” for political gain .
" If there 's one lesson that we 've learned , " said Obama in televised remarks prior to the meeting , " it 's that an unfettered market where people are taking huge risks and expecting taxpayers to bail them out when things go sour is simply not acceptable . "
Pelosi said Obama and the Democrats confronted McConnell and House Minority Leader John Boehner , saying they asked the Republicans , “ Do you want to rein in Wall Street ? ”
Despite McConnell ’s claims , Democratic staffers have expressed confidence that regulating Wall Street is such a poisonous issue for the GOP this fall that many in the party will ultimate side with Democrats – with as many as half a dozen defections possible .
Senate Democrats are lining up behind a proposal passed by lame - duck Banking Committee Christopher Dodd ( D - Conn . ) that would create a consumer protection bureau with authority to write rules governing all financial entities , including banks and other institutions , in addition to " authority to examine and enforce regulations for banks and credit unions with assets over $ 10 billion and all mortgage - related businesses . "
Acrimony aside , Dodd and Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) , the ranking Republican on the committee , are due to meet this afternoon in hopes of hashing out a broader deal .
But Dodd earlier Wednesday threatened to end negotiations with Republicans on a financial regulatory reform bill if they continue to lead what he called a misinformation campaign based on Wall Street talking points .
In a blistering floor speech Tuesday , McConnell laid out the GOP ’s counterargument – claiming the Democrats ’ bill would put taxpayer on the hook for future bailouts .
Emerging from his Tuesday meeting , McConnell hammered home that point , saying , “ It ’s a bill that actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks , if you look carefully … hat is clearly not the direction the American people want to go . ”
A seething Reid , squinting in the bright sunlight of the West Wing driveway , called McConnell ’s claim that Democrats had abandoned talks a “ figment of his imagination ” and vowed to pass the overhaul quickly .
The White House has accused McConnell of parroting the party ’s talking points , driven by polls .
Participants described the meeting as “ lively ” and “ candid ” but demurred when reporters pressed him on the number of GOP “ yes ” votes he hoped to get .
“ It ’s difficult to work with the party of no , ” he said .
The majority leader , facing a tough reelection fight in Nevada this fall , seized on a FOX Business News report that McConnell and Sen. John Cornyn ( R - Tex . ) recently met privately with about 25 hedge Wall Street executives , many of them hedge fund managers , to talk fundraising and regulatory reform .
McConnell dodged questions about the meeting saying only that he had heard criticism of the Dodd bill from “ community banks in Kentucky . ”
But when a reporter pressed him about his relationship with Wall Street , McConnell said , “ Sure , we talk with people all the time , I ’m not denying that , ” – saying it was “ inaccurate to say the GOP was fighting for the big banks .
As the meeting took place , Boehner ’s staff released a list of talking points the leader planned to make , including the argument that the Dodd bill “ sets up a huge new bureaucracy ” and “ does nothing to address the root causes of the Fannie & Freddie . ”
But a person familiar with the situation that Boehner “ actually said none of that ” during the brisk , businesslike meeting .
Debate this story in the Arena .
Ms. Belton , who is 32 , argues that Mo’Nique — who has n’t shaved in all the years she has been a comedian , talk show host and host of “ Charm School ” on VH1 — has garnered more criticism lately , now that her fan base is bigger , than she did when she was mostly loved by black audiences .
“ Things that are an issue in the mainstream are n’t necessarily if you keep it in - house , ” Ms. Belton said .
Image ... OR THE ARMPITS Julia Roberts .
Credit ... Fred Duval / FilmMagic
This movie awards season , Ms. Belton said she had heard from other African - American women who wished Mo’Nique ’s appearance had not entered the picture .
She joked of this dirty - laundry airing : “ I thought we had a vote : ‘ We are all going to shave our legs .
How dare she bring this old , nasty , crusty issue to forefront ? ’ ”
How we depilate is a function of time and place .
Lee Friedlander ’s 1979 photograph of Madonna spread - eagle , which appeared in Playboy in 1985 — with no sign that she had recently used a razor anywhere — drew cheers and not jeers from readers .
Lest we think that hairiness does n’t sell these days , a print of that nude went for $ 37,500 last year .
Sometimes a woman will just temporarily give up on shaving .
At the premiere of the 1999 movie “ Notting Hill , ” Julia Roberts turned heads — or , more precisely , her underarms with months of growth did so .
Sometimes a lover finds it attractive ; Mo’Nique has said that her husband likes her legs .
That raises the question :
Is the fear that no man will want you and your hairy legs valid ?
Bojana Anglin , 33 , who grew up in the Bronx and Yonkers , said that her hairy legs had never stood in the way of a fling or relationship .
She is now a graduate student at the University of California , Berkeley , which one might assume has a permissive attitude toward grooming .
But a student of hers — a member of the manicured , plucked generation , as she sees it — once made a veiled reference in a performance review to how she found Ms. Anglin ’s unshaved armpits “ distracting . ”
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Arizona Governor Jan Brewer is beset by nationwide condemnation and the threat of potentially damaging boycotts for her state 's controversial immigration law , which remains popular with Arizonans .
So the Republican governor , who is running for reelection in November , has turned to an unusual figure to save her and her state : a singing frog puppet .
Brewer 's campaign has released a Muppet - like campaign ad in which a singing frog is interspersed with news clips of administration officials admitting that they have not read Arizona 's immigration law in full .
Here 's the ad and the response :
Attempt to Distract From Debate on Law's Merits Think Progress ' Alex Seitz - Wald balks , " While Holder and Napolitano should probably have read the bill , they were , as Andrea Nill writes on the Wonk Room , ' likely briefed by someone who had read SB - 1070 in detail . '
Brewer 's video simply attempts to distract the public from the substantive problems with the legislation .
...
Moreover , the childish video ironically shows Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) grilling Napolitano for not having read the bill , but fails to mention that McCain himself admitted he had not ' had a chance ' to read it . "
Arizona Fights Playground - Style Newsweek 's Daniel Stone sighs , " Add it all up and it's not what you 'd call good PR for Arizona , which has seen its tourism numbers dive and has been hit with several boycotts , the most significant from the city of Los Angeles on all official business .
So what do you do when everyone on the playground is talking smack about you ?
You either go home and cry , or you fight back .
And any state that has a senator suddenly interested in building a ' danged fence ' to keep the illegals where they belong can probably be expected to choose the latter . "
That 's Some Leadership Wonkette 's Jim Newell mocks , " One of the funnier ladies in America is Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who just signs whatever racist pieces of paper the nearby wingnuts put on her desk and then says weird nonsense about them in front of teevee cameras .
...
Brewer 's campaign ponied up for a singing frog hand - puppet to sing about how Eric Holder and Janet Napolitano have n't even read the racist law that just went into place in racist Arizona .
The frog 's voice is like Kermit's , but more ' lung cancer . ' "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Pisco , Peru ( CNN ) --
One street in Pisco is lined with what appears to be homes , but these are facades :
They are thin walls of bricks recreating fake homes , like those found on movie sets .
Pisco is a forgotten city .
But nearly three years ago it made international headlines when it was jolted by a 7.9 - magnitude earthquake on August 15 , 2007 , that killed more than 1,500 people and injured more than 2,000 others .
Promises started to pour in as fast as the trembling ended .
Peruvians mobilized tons of food and material to reconstruct the affected areas .
Locals say that , back then , it looked like it was n't going to be so hard to get over the disaster .
But nothing was so far from the truth .
In April 2010 , the city looks like the quake struck only a few hours ago .
When driving from the airport to the city , it is easy to notice the rubble piled along the road and the fake homes .
" We got screwed , I 'm sorry sir , but that is the crude reality here , " said local resident Ricardo Chui .
He is seated on the remains of what used to be Plaza Colon .
" It was very nice here .
But as you can see now , there is nothing left . "
In Pisco , the central plaza was heavily damaged and it is an example of the reality here :
The mayor 's office is partially abandoned and next to it there is an empty lot where the cathedral used to be .
It tumbled during the earthquake and has n't been rebuilt .
Experts say the reconstruction should cost about $ 539 million , according to a statement posted on the website of Pisco Mayor Juan Mendoza .
When asked about the lack of reconstruction and the home facades , an advisor to the mayor read to CNN a statement signed by Mendoza : " It 's true that the international help arrived to Peru in order to help Pisco .
The question is to where exactly did it go ?
A history of bureaucracy in Peru is making the reconstruction very slow . "
Federal government authorities in the capital of Lima have said that they will have fixed the ports by next year .
Many residents do n't believe central government pledges on the reconstruction .
Speaking with them , it is easy to conclude that hope is disappearing .
Ask anyone who has relinquished a child , and they ’ll tell you :
It does n’t matter if the placement occurred before Roe or more recently — there ’s always anguish .
Ryan Scott Bomberger thanks his lucky stars that Henry and Andrea Bomberger , a Christian couple from Lancaster , Pennsylvania , adopted him in 1971 , when he was six weeks old .
Then , after taking Ryan , who is biracial , into their home , the Caucasian couple adopted nine more kids — of all races and hues — and reared them alongside their three biological children .
According to Ryan , he and his siblings had a near - idyllic upbringing .
“ Our parents exemplified compassion , wisdom , and unconditional love , ” he wrote in an email .
“ They were n’t out to save the world , just love kids that needed to be loved . ”
Sounds lovely .
By all accounts , Ryan did well in school and , accepting his parents ’ faith , he spent his undergraduate years at Messiah College .
He later attended Pat Robertson ’s Regent University where he earned a Master ’s in Communications .
Now , more than a decade after completing his studies , Bomberger is a man on an anti-abortion mission and he makes no bones about wanting to broadcast his message .
As the creator of the “ black genocide ” billboards that went up in Atlanta earlier this year , his impassioned advocacy of adoption is deeply intertwined with anti-choice rhetoric .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Bomberger owes his existence to rape and says that he can imagine his birth mother ’s suffering .
“ Rape is evil , ” he said via email .
“ The child born of rape is the only beauty that comes from such a life - crushing experience . ”
He acknowledges that many anti-abortion activists — though not him–make an exception for women who have been impregnated by rape or incest .
“ I do n’t believe that following an injustice to one precious human being with injustice to another [ the unborn child ] is justice at all , ” he wrote .
Bomberger spreads his bombast on a host of websites : thisisryan.com ; toomanyaborted.com ; theradiancefoundation.org ; and creativeminorityreport.com , among them .
He ’s also developed the oddly - named shouldhavebeenaborted .com , which perpetuates a slew of myths about prochoice beliefs .
“ I am one of the unwanted children , ” he pontificates .
“ I am the one that the abortion movement preaches will never live a happy life . ”
Say what ?
While Bomberger and I do n’t hang in the same circles , as far as I know no prochoicer has ever tried to predict a fetus ’ future .
Instead , we focus on women , zeroing in on how unwanted pregnancies impact their lives .
What ’s more , adoption has always been part of the mix .
In fact , that ’s why many women ’s health facilities provide comprehensive services , from abortion to adoption , for those in need .
At the same time , we ’re realistic , acknowledging the pain of the approximately 40,000 women a year whose babies are surrendered to adoptive homes throughout the 50 states .
Ask anyone who has relinquished a child , and they ’ll tell you :
It does n’t matter if the placement occurred before Roe or more recently — there ’s always anguish .
According to the Adoption Education Center , “ All birth parents must deal with grief . ”
And it ’s not something that can be swept under the rug .
“ Unresolved grief can cause problems in a number of areas , ” AEC ’s website reports .
“ It can affect romantic relationships , parent - child relationships , the ability to work effectively , and a person ’s feelings of happiness and usefulness …
Some need professional help to deal with the emotions that accompany the loss …
Just about all birth parents wonder how their son or daughter is doing , especially when the child has reached the age for important events . ”
These findings do n’t surprise reproductive rights activist Susan E. Davis .
Davis says that she became a women ’s health advocate in 1961 , after a close friend became pregnant out of wedlock .
“ When I came home from college I called Sheila .
Her mom told me that she ’d gotten pregnant and was living with her aunt 35 miles away , ” she begins .
“ I ca n’t describe the feelings I had because unwed pregnancy was so shrouded in secrecy and shame . ”
Still , I immediately called Sheila and said , ‘ I ’m coming to see you . ’
My mother let me borrow her car and for the next few months , until Sheila delivered in July , I went to see her two or three times a week .
Sheila had originally thought she ’d marry the baby ’s father , but the guy ’s mother did n’t like her so they did n’t tie the knot .
It was heartbreaking when she had the baby .
She held her once , then gave her up for adoption .
She later got married — twice — but it took until maybe 10 years ago for her to tell her two children about their older sister .
Sheila has put out feelers for the child she gave up , but her daughter has never responded .
Sheila is a very upbeat , loving woman but I know this remains a deep wound for her .
The devastating after - effects of adoption were further hammered home for Davis when another friend recounted something that happened to her two decades after she placed her newborn with an adoptive family .
“ Joan told me that one day she developed a horrific migraine .
She said her entire body ached and she felt absolutely awful .
Later , she realized that the headache coincided with the 21st birthday of the child she ’d given up .
She was grieving .
Her body remembered what had happened . ”
“ Sure , adoption should be an option , ” Davis concludes .
“ But there is a tremendous element of loss when a woman gives up a child–and it lingers . ”
Ryan Bomberger glosses over these realities , and instead focuses exclusively on his grateful - to - be - alive message .
But since he and his birth mother have never met , her life trajectory remains a complete unknown .
I only hope she ’s as happy and fulfilled as he is .
Two years ago while I was working at dotMobi , I was one of the programmers working on the DeviceAtlas project , which launched at Mobile World Congress 2008 .
At the time , it was the largest launch I ’d been involved in and it was quite a ride towards the end – when you ’re launching to 60,000 people at the largest trade show in the world for your industry , the pressure is enormous .
So when Suura undertook to demo at this year ’s Mobile World Congress , I knew we were in for a major project with a high workload .
Or at least I thought I did , but if anything , I underestimated how much pressure there is for a small startup at this event .
I ’d like to say everything got done in normal business hours without stress , but I think everyone who ’s ever even attended — let alone exhibited at — MWC would call me a liar !
Not least of whom would be the me who found himself working away at some exceptionally unsocial hours during the lead - up to the event …
However , as in 2008 , we learnt a lot in a short space of time , got an enormous amount done against rather high odds , and managed to get to Barcelona on time ( and , as in 2008 , we then slept for a week 😀 ) .
For anyone who ’s not seen MWC in action , it ’s rather hard to describe .
For a start , it ’s big .
Big as in sixty thousand people all walking , talking and working in eight halls ( most of which are much larger than most aircraft hangers ) spread over FIRA , a campus that ’s larger than the entire Trinity College campus ( FIRA is 250,000 m2 while TCD is only 190,000m2 ) :
It ’s absolutely enormous , especially when you ’re the first one of the team to arrive to set up and you ’ve never been there yourself and you speak less Spanish than you ’d hear in The Three Amigos .
Plus , when you ’re there to work ( and you ’re shepherding a server packed into a 23kg Peli case on wheels everywhere you go ) , there ’s precious little time to attend the conference talks ( which is a shame , I really missed not hearing the appstore announcements in person ) .
There are , however , compensations .
For example , I got there on Sunday night , before the official opening .
As much fun as it is to walk around the show when it ’s going , you ’ve missed out on the magic trick that is the construction of the show .
Everyone ’s seen the polished looking stands , but how many get to see what they look like the night before , when the entire place resembles a combination of a carpentry shop , a welding competition and a wall painting masterclass all taking place simultaneously during a human stampede .
“ Chaos ” does n’t do it justice .
I only wish my e71 had a better camera – out of a dozen or so photos taken that night as I spent a few minutes wandering around getting my bearings , only this one came out and it ’s the calmest of the lot .
Seeing the place transform from that to this in one night , that was something special :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : Mobile World Congress , Suura
A shout - out to Ergonis for saving me – so far – nearly four entire months of 16 - hour days of my life !
Bill Thayer
Chicago , IL , USA
Typinator is the best thing since sliced bread !
Michele DeFilippo
( Book designer )
Typinator is the BEST utility I have purchased in a very long time .
I tested a couple of other products before purchasing yours and only Typinator was 100 % rock - solid .
Hugh Nagle , Ireland
I love Typinator .
I have tried the others , but Typinator is the easiest – by far .
It is one of four essential productivity apps I could not live without .
Michael Hyatt ,
www.michaelhyatt.com
Typinator is faster and less wonky than TextExpander .
Looks like I have a new macro program .
Jon Stokes ,
San Francisco , CA
Typinator is a killer app to save time and increase productivity !
I could not think of working on my Mac without it .
Fred Colantonio
Marketing and Internet Consultant
By far , the best Mac text expander I 've seen .
I 've tried others , and Typinator easily rises to ' best in class . '
Jim Cole , Jacksonville , FL
One of the most useful programs for the Mac .
I use this program hundreds of times a day .
It 's a HUGE time - saver .
Wilma Keppel , macupdate.com
I 'm here to say I 'm totally loyal to Typinator !
I 've got a real speed up coding with it and consequently more spare time .
Erik Patrick ,
web developer
This product is brilliant .
I got so spoiled within the first hour that I can't quite figure out how I got along without it so many years .
Mary van Bronkhorst
Online Game Designer
First Mac software ever that convinced me to register after a trial period of 5 minutes .
Good job !
Hans Trygve Jensen
web designer
As usual with Ergonis 's products , simplicity and reliability are the watchwords .
TidBITS
' It 's natural for men to rape and beat women ' says sacked lawyer suing firm for £ 3.5 m for sex discrimination
Sacked : Deidre Clarke , 44 , was dismissed from law firm Allen & Overy after writing an erotic novel on the internet
A high - flying lawyer suing a leading City law firm for £ 3.5 million for sex discrimination has claimed it is ' natural for men to rape and beat women ' .
Deidre Clark , 44 , was sacked from her £ 126,000 - a- year job with Allen & Overy for writing an erotic novel on the internet .
She claims she suffered ' sexual persecution ' by her 60 - year - old married boss and is suing the firm for discrimination and unfair dismissal .
It has now emerged that since leaving the firm , Miss Clark has been writing a newspaper column telling of her love of sado - masochist sex and bondage .
She says she prefers boyfriends who are ' real men ' whom she describes as ' cavemen born to fight and rape ' .
She writes : ' Men have been dragging women by the hair since caveman days .
It 's in their nature to be violent .
' The human male has evolved to slap his slutty woman .
' If you 're hanging out with real men and you 're a little slutty , you 're going to get hit .
Period .'
Miss Clark describes rape as ' simply part of human nature ' , adding : ' At any rate , it works out perfectly for me .
' When it goes to raping and pillaging , I say " bring it on , baby " . '
Miss Clark was sacked from Allen & Overy 's Moscow office for bringing the firm into disrepute with the exploits of a hard - drinking sex - mad character called Dasha .
Her novel Expat , written as Deidre Dare , was seen as exposing the debauched sex and drugs lifestyle of highly paid westerners in Moscow .
She says the novel is not about colleagues and she had the right to publish a fictional story .
She claims her dismissal was down to boss Tony Humphrey , who she says became ' sexually obsessed ' with her following a steamy clinch they shared in full view of colleagues .
Since she was sacked in December 2008 , Miss Clark has been writing a controversial column for the Moscow News called sExpat .
Embarrassment : Bishops Square in London 's Spitalfields , where Allen & Overy is based .
The company is a member of the so- called ' Magic Circle ' of law firms
In one article , she writes : ' Anyone who has spent even five minutes in bed with me knows that I have a strong proclivity for S&M .
' My experience in the area ranges from the mild to the extreme , according to how much experience my partner has and what he or she likes . '
She goes on to say that she has been slapped and thrown into walls by jealous Russian boyfriends and mocks western women for seeking restraining orders over domestic violence .
Miss Clark writes : ' Men are born to fight and rape and in the West we generally do n't permit them to do either .
' Maybe all the self - restraint men are forced to endure in the West is what has led to their emasculation there .
' It 's hard to call something " wrong " if it 's simply part of human nature .
' The human males has evolved to slap his slutty woman - otherwise , he might end up raising the fruit of some other dude 's loins . '
In another article , she writes that she has been considering becoming a high class prostitute , charging $ 2,500 ( £ 1,700 ) for a night .
And she talks about her lesbian experiences and tells how she keeps sex toys in her closet .
Miss Clark , who was a senior associate handling international finance , is claiming £ 3.49 million for sex discrimination and unfair dismissal .
In legal papers , she says she and Mr Humphrey ' made out one drunken evening ' at a party in full view of other lawyers .
She says that after their clinch , which did not include sex , his attitude to her at the office changed and he began complaining constantly .
She claims : ' When I rebuffed his further advances and took up with a much younger Russian man , it infuriated him and made him crazy with jealousy and that is why I was dismissed .
' I believe my dismissal was purely a matter of sexual persecution by my superior . '
Mr Humphrey has refused to comment .
Allen & Overy has said it will vigorously defend her claim at Stratford Employment Tribunal in east London .
Hundreds of University of California students rallied against a 32 % tuition hike last week .
Let 's hope their future employers get a better work product .
With just a little research , the students could have discovered that compensation packages won from the state by unions were a big reason for the hike .
Last year , the state cut funding to the 10 - campus system to $ 2.6 billion from $ 3.25 billion .
To make up for the reduction in state funding , the UC Board of Regents increased tuition to $ 10,300 , about ...
What if Clegg can persuade us that he ’s winning ?
What if Clegg can persuade us that he ’s winning ?
Mobile - Phone.pk is Pakistan 's top mobile website which covers specification , reviews , pictures , videos , screen savers , wallpapers , themes , software of all mobile sets of all mobile brands in the world .
We provide latest market mobile prices in Pakistan from cities like Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Faisalabad , Multan , Peshawer , Quetta , Sialkot , Gujar Khan , Jehlum , Hyderabad , Sargodha , Bahalwalpur in Pakistani currency PKR Rs. and in US dollars of all new mobile phone sets .
Used mobile pricing is not covered yet .
See what are latest mobiles and rates in Pakistani rupees .
Mobile prices in Pakistan are updated on daily basis from local markets .
Soon we are planning to launch online mobile purchasing as well at cheap rates , so that people can purchase mobiles online at ease .
So you will be able to buy new and used mobile phones online or just send mobile phone gifts to Pakstan .
We have best mobiles for internet and to watch mobile movies online .
Other than this you will also be able to send sms via web 2 sms for all mobile operators in Pakistan including Ufone , Mobilink Jazz , Telenor , Warid , Zong , Paktel etc .
There ’s only one question as " Iron Man 2 " debuts this weekend :
Will it post a record for an opening weekend , or merely be one of the biggest ?
Pre-release surveys indicate that moviegoer interest in seeing the sequel to Marvel Entertainment ’s 2008 superhero hit starring Robert Downey Jr. is in the stratosphere .
Opening - weekend ticket sales of at least $ 140 million seem assured , people who closely follow tracking predicted , and “ Iron Man 2 " has a good shot at grossing as much as $ 160 million .
The biggest previous domestic first weekend was “ The Dark Knight , ” which opened to $ 158.4 million in 2008 .
Ticket prices have risen substantially since then , however , so although “ Iron Man 2 " could post the biggest opening ever in raw dollars , it ’s much less likely to do so when accounting for inflation .
Unlike the most successful movies of 2010 to date — “ Avatar , ” “ Alice in Wonderland , ” “ How to Train Your Dragon ” and “ Clash of the Titans ” — “ Iron Man 2 " is not being shown in 3 - D , so its box - office total wo n’t benefit from ticket price surcharges of more than $ 3 .
Although “ Iron Man 2 " has a shot at setting a box - office record for the weekend , it ’s less likely to post a Friday record .
The movie does n’t appear to have enough rabid fans panting to see the first possible show .
Online pre-sales — typically a good indicator — are n’t even among the top 25 of all time on ticketing websites Fandango and MovieTickets.com .
As a result , debut midnight screenings Thursday night are expected to generate only a few million dollars .
“ The Twilight Saga : New Moon , ” by way of comparison , took in $ 26 million .
“ Iron Man 2 " had grossed $ 133 million from the 53 foreign markets where it opened last week through Wednesday .
This week it debuts in four more foreign countries : China , Finland , India and Turkey .
The combined worldwide gross is likely to exceed $ 300 million by Sunday , putting the movie on track to be a financial juggernaut for Marvel and its parent , Walt Disney Co. Paramount Pictures gets
8 % of revenue for distributing the film after theaters take their share of ticket sales .
The movie cost about $ 170 million to produce , and worldwide print and advertising costs are roughly $ 150 million , people familiar with the situation said .
Only one new movie is going up against “ Iron Man 2 , ” and it ’s not exactly looking for the same - caliber opening .
Universal Pictures ’ independent division Focus Features will launch the documentary “ Babies , ” which tells the story of four infants in different parts of the world , in 534 theaters .
That includes a mix of art - house theaters and multiplexes in big cities and suburbs .
Focus is hoping that the movie will take in several million dollars by appealing to a mix of traditional documentary fans as well as families drawn to the picture ’s adorable little stars .
“ You could n’t get better counterprogramming against ‘ Iron Man ’ than this , and you could n’t find a movie better for Mother ’s Day than one about babies , ” Focus distribution President Jack Foley said .
ben.fritz@latimes.com
This site is no stranger to multi-million dollar mega yachts , but rarely do we see such an in - depth video tour of these modern day sea monsters as we do in this video of Andrey Melnichenko's " A " from the WSJ :
Click to viewThis particular 394 - ft. mega yacht is well - known from the outside , but the inside 's been somewhat of a mystery .
It 's a given that everything inside costs more than most people will see in their lifetime , but we demand tangibles .
Advertisement
This video provides that in excess , from the opening scenes depicting a luxury - hotel style vibe in the dining room to the mirror - heavy " glass menagerie " bar .
The custom banister leading to the master bedroom cost $ 60,000 .
A guest room is adorned with white sting ray hides .
There 's a secret nookie room , because designer Starck is known for his " risque " design choices .
Helipads and boat rooms are standard on mega yachts , but for some reason Melnichenko's seem bigger .
Maybe it 's because , in the case of the boat room , at least , the whole outfit converts into a disco ( one of two on board ) .
Advertisement
Truly , it is good to be the king , er , Russian billionaire , no ?
[ WSJ via Racked ]
Innerhalb von zwei Stunden hat es in Wien mehr Niederschlag gegeben als normalerweise in einem gesamten Monat .
In der U - Bahn - Station Westbahnhof drang Wasser ein .
Auch Keller und Tiefgaragen standen unter Wasser .
Nach einem heftigen Wolkenbruch am frühen Donnerstagabend sind Teile von Wien kurzfristig unter Wasser gestanden .
Innerhalb von zwei Stunden hat es mehr Niederschlag gegeben als normalerweise in einem gesamten Monat .
In der Inneren Stadt wurden 64,5 Liter je Quadratmeter gemessen .
" Die im Mai übliche Monatsniederschlagsmenge liegt in Wien bei 61 Liter pro Quadratmeter " , so Stefan Eisenbach vom Wetterdienst Ubimet .
Laut Zentralanstalt für Meteorologie und Geodynamik wurde mit 52 Liter pro Quadratmeter ein Stundenwert erreicht , wie er in Wien nur alle 50 Jahre vorkommt .
Da keine der Zellen direkt über eine Messstation gezogen ist , dürften die Niederschlagsmengen örtlich noch höher gelegen sein , so die ZAMG .
>>>
Vorschau : Regen und Sturm auch am Wochenende
Besonders betroffen waren laut Polizei die Bezirke Mariahilf , Neubau , Penzing und Ottakring .
Die öffentlichen Verkehrsmittel konnten nur mehr in unregelmäßigen Abständen fahren , in die U - Bahn - Station Westbahnhof drang Wasser .
Die Feuerwehr musste rund 250 Mal ausrücken , um die Wasserschäden zu bekämpfen .
20.000 Haushalte ohne Strom
Laut Wien Energie gab es in den Bezirken Josefstadt , Rudolfsheim - Fünfhaus sowie Ottakring teilweise keinen Strom in einigen Haushalte .
Betroffen davon waren rund 20.000 Haushalte .
Etwa die Hälfte der Ausfälle war auf gezielte Abschaltungen zurückzuführen .
Diese waren notwendig , damit die Feuerwehr beispielsweise in überflutete Keller einsteigen konnte .
Es kam aber auch zu Defekten , zum Beispiel durch unter Wasser gesetzte Trafostationen .
" Seit 0.40 Uhr steht alles wieder unter Spannung " , so ein Sprecher von Wien - Strom .
Gewitterzellen lokal unterschiedlich
In Keller und Tiefgaragen drang Wasser ein , auch Geschäftsräume wurden beschädigt .
In manchen Bezirken liefen die Kanäle über .
" Über der Lerchenfelder Straße hatten wir fast ein 100 - jähriges Regenereignis " , meinte ein Sprecher von " Wien Kanal " .
Die Gewitterzellen waren lokal sehr unterschiedlich .
In der Operngasse hat sich nur ein 20 - jähriges Regenereignis abgespielt .
Laut den Wiener Linien kam es vor allem in der U - Bahn - Station am Wiener Westbahnhof zu Problemen : Wassereintritt am Bahngleis führte ab 17 Uhr zu einem Stopp des Zugverkehrs zwischen den Haltestellen Volkstheater und Schweglerstraße bis Betriebsschluss .
Die Ursache für den Wassereintritt ist noch nicht ganz geklärt .
" Das ist jedenfalls durch die Bahnhofsbaustelle begründet " , erklärte ein Sprecher der Verkehrsbetriebe .
Wetterbedingt sei es im gesamten Netz bei mehreren Bus- , Straßenbahn - und U - Bahn - Linien zu Staus und längeren Wartezeiten gekommen , so die Wiener Linien .
( APA )
Cred : http://urbangrounds.com/2008/01/white-gang-bangers/
Senator Kaufman , who 's perhaps the biggest financial watchdog in the Senate right now , joined Jim Cramer last night on his super - popular show , Mad Money , and the pair spent about eight minutes freaking viewers out about High Frequency Trading .
There 's a Wall Street gang that 's been growing high frequency trading like weed in the market !
They basically say .
There 's even mention of a " snitches get stiches " rule .
" High frequency trading , " as Cramer introduces it , " benefits nobody except a couple of big rich hedge fund managers , [ usually ] to your detriment . "
Then Kaufman comes on the show .
Cramer says Kaufman was the first one to forecast that one day " the machines " would go wild .
Meanwhile , says Cramer , he himself " drank the kool - aid . "
So HOW did Kaufman predict such a mass HFT cult gang and drug binge , Cramer wants to know .
" We 've gone from where 4 years ago , 30 % of our trades were HFT , " Kaufman explains .
" They went to 70 % .
No one knows what 's going on inside here ... so it grew like a gigantic weed . "
Cramer 's show speaks to , as he says , " the little guy , " " the individual investor , " who of course want HFT gone .
So it makes sense that his show would cry out against it and against the " big bad banks " that are making it impossible for floor traders and day traders to compete .
So Cramer gives them a shout out and has Kaufman explain why the individual trader keeps losing against these HFT guys .
" There 's kind of a no snitch rule on Wall Street , " says Kaufman .
" which is essentially like the No Snitch rule in the inner city .
Nobody wants to tell the truth about what 's going on because nobody wants to make the HFT traders and the big banks upset with them . "
We need people to come forth !
Says Kaufman .
But the truth is that regulators still do n't know what happened on May 6 .
Basically , buyers deserted the market , though there may have also been some wild an algo , which is obviously not the same as high frequency trading but often gets lumped together with it because it involves a computer .
So yeah , of course regulators could use all the help they can get from traders so they can put in place effective regulations .
And maybe hyperbolizing the dangers of HFT is a way to get there faster , but everyone freaking out about it is also pitting two sets of traders against one another .
And each time , like on May 6 , HFT traders seem to come out on top .
So until we know for sure what happened and regulators have been " tagging " and keeping track of how and what HFT trade ( Kaufman has already suggested this ) , the argument is futile .
But also highly entertaining !
Watch :
SIDEBAR : If you want to see High Frequency Traders argue their piece , there are a bunch of HFT conferences , including one tomorrow ( which I 'm going to be at , moderating ) in New York City .
HFT traders are pretty unwilling to talk to the press since they 're always painted negatively , so conferences like tomorrow's are a good opportunity to hear the other side of the argument , plus learn more about HFT .
Check it out .
Brazilian jiu - jitsu legend Renzo Gracie will take on iconic welterweight Matt Hughes at UFC 112 “ Invincible , ” the company ’s inaugural Middle East event , and he took some time out of his busy training schedule to sit down with Sherdog.com to discuss his preparations for the bout and his philosophy on the art he has dedicated his life to .
Gracie will be returning to the arena for the first time in over three years for his Octagon debut .
Check out this exclusive video interview to hear one of the true gentlemen of the sport talk about his family lineage , his punching prowess and the decision - making process that led to his return to MMA at 43 years of age .
The Large Hadron Collider is the world ’s largest and highest - energy particle accelerator — a 17 - mile loop under the Franco - Swiss border that was built by the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) to help scientists answer some of the most fundamental questions in physics .
Scientists fired the first beam through the collider in September 2008 , but it was not until last week that that the LHC research program formally began .
On Tuesday , March 30 , scientists sent particles through the LHC and smashed them into one another at a total force of seven Tera electron volts ( TeV ) — an energy level three - and - a - half times that achieved at any other particle accelerator .
The LHC is expected to run for the next 18 to 24 months , generating data that physicists hope will reveal insights into dark matter , new forces and new particles , including the elusive Higgs boson .
Markus Klute , MIT assistant professor of physics and member of the team running one of the detectors at the LHC , describes the scene when the seven - TeV collisions began .
By 5 a.m. the CMS ( Compact Muon Solenoid ) control center was packed with scientists monitoring and operating the CMS detector and the trigger and computing systems .
Two failed attempts at 6 a.m. and 8 a.m. caused by a problem in one LHC magnet and a newly designed protection system only heightened the tension .
The physicists in the detector control rooms prepared for a long day , but the third attempt to accelerate and collide protons succeeded , and first collisions were reported at 12:58 p.m .
The applause and cheers lasted several minutes , and the relief was palpable .
Almost instantly , the first event displays showing the collisions appeared in the control room , and minutes later first results using reconstructed data were discussed .
As CERN Director General Rolf Heuer put it Tuesday afternoon in a press conference , “ It ’s a great day to be a particle physicist .
A lot of people have waited a long time for this moment , but their patience and dedication is starting to pay dividends . ”
With the first high - energy collision , a new era in particle physics begins .
The LHC will deliver enough collisions at seven TeV within the next two years to enable significant advances in a number of research areas .
Particle physicists are n't certain what surprises the LHC will uncover , but they do know that new discoveries are hidden at the energy scale tested by the LHC experiments .
TSURU , Japan —
The experimental MLX01 maglev is the world ’s fastest train .
But it is confined to a 12 - mile track .
And like the train itself , its technology has been trapped in Japan .
Now , though , Japan wants to begin exporting its expertise in high - speed rail .
On Tuesday , the Central Japan Railway Company took the visiting United States transportation secretary , Ray LaHood , on a test run — a 312 - mile - an - hour tryout for the lucrative economic stimulus contracts that the United States plans to award to update and expand its rail network .
“ Very fast , ” Mr. LaHood said after stepping off the maglev at a track nestled here in mountains west of Tokyo .
“ We ’re right at the start of an opportunity for America to be connected with high - speed , intercity rail , ” he said .
The overseas push is a big turnabout for Japan , which long jealously protected its prized bullet train technology .
But lately Japan has been forced to rethink that , prompted by a declining market for passenger and freight traffic at home , as well as a flurry of overseas opportunities .
Palin tells anti-abortion rights activists that she understands why women have abortions
In a fast - paced and revealing speech Friday to the anti-abortion rights group Susan B. Anthony List , Sarah Palin mixed campaign rhetoric with a monologue on what it was like to learn that her son Trig would have Down syndrome , and how her daughter Bristol grappled with her unplanned pregnancy .
It 's an issue she 's discussed with other anti-abortion rights groups , and in her memoir " Going Rogue , " but the audience was spellbound as she told the story again .
" I never ordered up , planned on , being the mother of a son with special needs , " said Palin .
" I thought , God would never give me something I could n't handle . "
Trig , said Palin , was " the best thing that ever happened " to her and her family .
She recalled looking into her newborn son's eyes and imagining what he thought : " See , God knows what he 's doing !
He gave me to you , and He gave you to me !
See , it 's going to be good . "
She described his sense of wonder , and told activists that observers " can already see sort of this perspective in this child that I think the rest of us are supposed to emulate . "
But she stressed , again , the lesson she 'd learned with those first thoughts upon hearing that her son would be developmentally disabled .
" I now understand why a woman would be tempted , perhaps , to think it might be an easier way out , to say , ' I can take this in my own hands and change this , ' " said Palin , " if even for a moment .
I can understand because I 've been there . "
She praised her daughter Bristol " for having to endure some public humiliation , bless her heart , there on the national stage , " and informed the crowd of Bristol 's pro-abstinence slogan , " pause before you play . "
On politics , Palin was pugnacious and confident , reminding the crowd that she 'd endorsed Senate candidate Carly Fiorina in California and that she'd be in South Carolina to endorse dark horse gubernatorial candidate Nikki Haley .
" There 's a whole stampede of pink elephants coming down the road , " said Palin , " ETA November 2010 ! "
Palin contrasted the candidates she was supporting with antiabortion Democrats who , after a tussle , ended up backing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .
" We wo n't forget those who buckled at the last moment in exchange for a nonbinding executive order from the most pro-choice president in history , " said Palin , referring to retiring Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) .
" Our new pro-life pro-woman majority will actually be pro-life when it counts , when those voters are needed . "
( One mark of how betrayed the movement feels by Democrats : The SBA List 's handouts for the press , printed before the health care vote , still cited its support for Stupak ) .
But the political talk was not nearly as captivating in the room as Palin 's frank talk about her family .
SBA List 's Marjorie Dannenfelser happily reminded the crowd that " the biggest applause was for Trig . "
413 Shares Share
A possible first in the world case .
A pediatric brain surgeon in Colorado removed a small foot growing inside the brain of a 3 - day old .
The cause was possibly thought to be from a fetal twin that began to form within another .
The baby is expected to do well , but will require frequent monitoring to ensure the tumor does not recur .
It ’s been great writing on Blogger.com , but we ’ve decided to move to a new platform , thanks to some valuable help from a great , great friend ...
Reader Lisa from Anderson , California , wrote in with a question : " Chew a piece of mint gum and then drink something .
It seems colder .
Why is that ? " 
Mint gum or candy might make everything in your mouth feel sub -zero , but like the hot water that sometimes feels cold I wrote about in 2008 , the feeling is just a thermal illusion that happens when our sensory receptors get fooled by stimuli .
At the heart of the minty matter is a protein called the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily M member 8 ( TRPM8 ) , which is expressed in sensory neurons .
TRPM8 is an ion channel , a type of protein that regulates the movement of ions across the membranes of cells .
Just like only certain keys can open a lock on a door , only certain stimulants can open the ion channel and access the cell .
TRPM8 opens in the presence of cold temperatures and allows Na+ and Ca2 + ions to enter the cell .
This changes the electrical charge within the neuron and the information being sent from the neuron to the central nervous system , eventually leading to the perception of cold .
TRPM8 does n't just respond to cold temperatures , though .
It also activates in the presence of menthol , a waxy , crystalline organic compound found in peppermint and other mint oils .
( It responds to other " cooling agents , "  too , like eucalyptol and icilin .
Why , exactly , is unknown ; menthol just happens to fit the cellular " lock . "  )
In the presence of menthol , TRPM8 ion channels open up the same way they would if the ambient temperature in your mouth dropped .
The same " hey it 's cold in here ! "  signal is sent to the brain , even though menthol does n't actually cause the temperature in the mouth to change .
And just like that , the wondrous human brain is tricked by a piece of Doublemint .
Even after you spit the gum out , a little menthol will remain and the sensory neurons will stay sensitized .
Drinking anything cold or even taking in a big breath of cool air will cause the neurons to fire again , and the double whammy of the cool temperature and the menthol will make your mouth seem extra cold .
Even a hot drink will seem weirdly cool and refreshing .
TRP - V1 , another ion channel on the sensory neurons , displays a similar quirk .
TRP - V1 is activated by hotter temperature , but also responds to capsaicin , the chemical responsible for the spiciness of hot peppers .
This can cause even ice cold drinks to feel hot .
So what would happen if you ate a chili pepper that 's been in the freezer , or a warmed up mint ?
Or ate a hot pepper and a cool mint at the same time ?
Would the hot and cold perceptions cancel each other out ?
To be honest , we 're not sure .
Has anyone ever tried this at home ?
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/18/2010
We know NOM 's rights - stripping voting habits are un-American , but this is ridiculous ...
by Jeremy Hooper
Wanna know something funny about NOM 's latest ad attacking those Minnesotans who are in favor of civil equality ?
Well , how about this :
The stock video clip that the discriminatory group uses to represent the supposedly all - American custom of voting on a minority 's civil rights ...
... is actually not from America at all .
It 's actually footage from the UK General Election of June 2001 :
* SOURCE : Thought Equity Motion
One would think that if NOM wants to prattle on about the " 31 states that have voted to protect marriage , " they could at least find a clip from one of the states where an embarrassingly un-American vote was cast , and not an area that ( a ) is proudly un-American by virtue of geography , and ( b ) proudly has a national civil partnerships system !
# StockVideoUsedForDiscriminatoryPurposesFAIL
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Linchang Village , China ( CNN ) --
The man who hacked seven kindergarten students and two women to death in northwestern China owned the building where the attack occurred and was in a property dispute with the school , police said , according to state - run media .
Police identified the attacker as Wu Huanming , 48 , and said he'd insisted in April that the house he was renting to the school be vacated after the lease expired , the official Xinhua news agency reported Wednesday .
It 's unclear whether the lease had expired , Xinhua said .
The attacker used a kitchen cleaver to kill the school 's owner , Wu Hongying , and five boys and two girls on Wednesday morning before returning home and committing suicide , state media said .
The school owner 's mother , who was wounded in the attack , later died at a hospital , Xinhua said .
Eleven other children from the attack remain hospitalized , including two with severe injuries , according to Xinhua .
The attack occurred in Linchang Village , in Nanzheng County 's Shengshui Township .
Police had cordoned off the village Wednesday , as they conducted their investigation , with locals allowed in but reporters kept out .
Twenty children attended the private school , officials said .
It was the sixth such attack in China on schoolchildren since March .
China 's ministries of public security and education held an emergency nationwide teleconference to tell local departments to increase security after Wednesday 's attack , Xinhua reported .
On April 30 , a man armed with a hammer injured five preschool children in east China before setting himself on fire in a classroom suicide , a government spokesman told Xinhua news agency .
The attacker held two children in his arms as he poured gasoline over himself , the spokesman said .
Teachers in Weifang City , Shandong province , pulled the children away , as the man died , the spokesman said .
On April 29 , at least 28 children were injured when a man with a knife attacked a kindergarten in east China , state media said .
Most of the victims were four - year - olds , and three of the children were in critical condition .
Police arrested a 47 - year - old suspect .
The incident happened in Taixing city in Jiangsu province .
On April 28 , a man attacked 18 students and a teacher with a knife at a primary school in southern China 's Guangdong province , Xinhua said .
The attacks come despite the execution of Zheng Minsheng , 42 , a former community doctor who stabbed eight children to death and wounded five others at an elementary school in eastern China on March 23 .
Zheng , executed by a firing squad in Nanping City late last month , told investigators he carried out the attack because he was frustrated by " failures in his romantic life and in society , " according to Xinhua .
China Daily newspaper quoted Nanjing University sociology professor Zhu Li as saying Zheng 's attack inspired copycats .
" Some people may not have thought about stabbing school children , but due to the media 's coverage of such a case , they got an idea , " Zhu said .
Chinese authorities have begun teaching safety awareness in school curriculums , China Daily reported .
Officials also have tightened security in schools by hiring extra guards to escort students to and from class
CNN 's Wen - Chun Fan contributed to this report .
So , what 's his name ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
SCOTTSDALE , Ariz . --
Can the Kris Draper psychic hot line be far behind ?
Detroit Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard was an obvious Calder Trophy candidate as NHL rookie of the year at the end of the regular season .
That was n't so apparent a year ago -- except to teammate Kris Draper .
Howard , who learned of the nomination Thursday , said Draper called it last spring when Howard was the team 's emergency goalie as a " Black Ace . ''
" I do n't know if he 's psychic or something , but he said , ' You 'll be up for the Calder next year , ' " Howard said .
" I was like , ' OK , Drapes .
Sure . ' "
Said Draper : " How about that , eh ?
I just thought if he was going to get an opportunity he could do some good things .
Did I actually think that was going to come true ?
I was hoping for it .
I did n't expect it . ''
Howard overcame a shaky start this season to grab the starting job from Chris Osgood early on and finished 37 - 15 - 10 .
He was fifth among all goalies in goals - against average ( 2.24 ) and tied for fourth in save percentage ( .924 ) .
" It 's an honor , '' Howard said .
" I 'm very thankful , but I would n't have been able to do it without these guys .
They played so well in front of me . ''
Buffalo Sabres defenseman Tyler Myers , 20 , and Colorado Avalanche forward Matt Duchene , 19 , are the other finalists .
The winner will be revealed June 23 at the NHL Awards Show in Las Vegas .
Howard , who turned 26 on March 26 , is older than a typical rookie , which prompted some national media to write they would n't vote for him because of his age .
But as long as a player is not older than 26 before Sept. 15 of the season in which he is eligible , he is a rookie .
" The rules are the rules , '' Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said .
" If ( some voters ) think the rules should be changed then they should change the rules .
But until the rules are changed , he 's a rookie .
" He 's earned it .
I think he 's a legitimate nominee .
He was a real important guy for us in a real important position . ''
Draper agreed that Howard 's age and previous pro experience ( four years with the AHL's Grand Rapids Griffins ) should not detract from his Calder candidacy .
" He 's a true rookie , '' Draper said .
" He paid his time in the minors .
He showed he truly belonged among not only rookie of the year ( candidates ) , but also tops in all the goaltending categories . ''
The rookie helped guide the Red Wings into the Western Conference quarterfinals , where they are tied 2 - 2 in the series with the Phoenix Coyotes heading into Game 5 on Friday .
" Expectations are very high , and he over - delivered , '' Holland .
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock , like most everyone else -- except Draper , apparently -- did n't see this coming at the start of the season .
" When you think of where he 's come from , it 's fantastic , '' Babcock said .
" There 's real good goaltending in this series .
( Phoenix 's Ilya ) Bryzgalov was one of the best in the league this year .
There 's not much ( difference ) between those two guys .
It 's a real battle . ''
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration plans to announce on Thursday a suspension of offshore oil drilling in the Arctic until 2011 as a result of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , an Alaska senator said .
Democratic Senator Mark Begich said he had been told by the Interior Department that the Obama administration will announce that consideration of any applications for exploratory drilling in the Arctic is suspended until 2011 .
The suspension is part of measures President Barack Obama plans to order in response to the runaway oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
He is also expected to announce tougher safety requirements for offshore oil drilling and strengthened inspections of oil rigs .
The Arctic decision will suspend plans by Shell Oil to drill exploratory wells off Alaska this summer .
Shell ’s plans to drill in the Arctic have faced increasing controversy in recent weeks as the government tries to contain the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
“ I am frustrated that this decision by the Obama administration to halt offshore development for a year will cause more delays and higher costs for domestic oil and gas production to meet the nation ’s energy needs , ” Begich said in a statement .
NPA candidate Ilham Moussaïd .
By Olivier Besancenot , translation by Yoshie Furuhashi ( MRZine )
February 3 , 2010 -- Le Figaro caricatured my words regarding the candidacy of Ilham Moussaïd , who is on our list in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur regional elections .
After a serious and complex debate , the Vaucluse chapter of the New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) made a choice to include on its feminist , anti-capitalist and internationalist lists an NPA member who believes in wearing a headscarf on account of her religious convictions .
[ See French capitalist press report below . ]
Our party welcomes youth , the unemployed , the precarious , workers of all backgrounds who find their values reflected in the party .
Faith is a matter of personal choice that does not create any obstacle to participation in our struggle so long as members sincerely share the secular , feminist and anti-capitalist fundamental principles of our party .
I therefore simply said to Le Figaro : " Ilham is evidence that one can be a member of the NPA and wear a headscarf . "
The NPA is a party that fights against any form of oppression and exclusion .
A debate on liberation and the place of religion -- and all its forms of expression -- exists within the NPA , in view of its next congress .
[ The original article " Déclaration d'Olivier Besancenot .
Rectificatif à propos d'un article du Figaro " was published on the web site of the New Anti-Capitalist Party on February 3 , 2010 .
Translation by Yoshie Furuhashi .
See , also Françoise David and Amir Khadir , " Secularism : For a Broad , Open , and Democratic Debate " ( MRZine , January 18 , 2010 ) ; Danièle Obono , " The Left and Racial Domination in France : An Interview with Sadri Khiari ( MIR ) " ( MRZine , January 6 , 2010 ) ; and Saïd Mekki , " The Decolonizing Struggle in France : An Interview with Houria Bouteldja " ( MRZine , October 28 , 2009 ) . ]
* * *
Far - left party reveals ‘ veiled ’ female candidate
By Tony Todd
February 3 , 2010 -- French 24 --
The veil issue has shown its face in French politics once again , after radical anti-capitalist fringe party the NPA revealed that one of its candidates in forthcoming regional elections wears an Islamic headscarf .
A candidate for a radical French anti-capitalist party in the forthcoming regional elections wears a headscarf as a token of her Islamic faith , something that has raised eyebrows in this rigidly secular society .
All the more so because the NPA ( New Anti-capitalist Party ) , led by Trotskyist postman Olivier Besancenot , is a party that generates headlines for its extreme left - wing position on issues including militant secularism .
“ A woman can be a feminist , can uphold secular values and wear a [ Islamic ] headscarf at the same time , ” he told the newspaper .
The veiled meanings of a very French issue
Wearing a headscarf – as well as the wearing of other religious symbols such as crucifixes – is strictly prohibited in French public institutions such as schools .
And a cross-party parliamentary commission last month came up with a list of recommendations for a law to ban wearing the full face veil ( niqab ) in public places such as hospitals and on public transport .
It is a very French issue .
Islamic headscarfs in France are all referred to as “ voile ” – meaning veil – whether or not they cover the face .
The French public dislikes veils because they are seen as the embodiment of male domination over women , as well as symbols of religious attachment in a country that clings fiercely to the principle of the separation of church and state .
But veils and headscarves are also an overt reminder that France is home to Europe ’s largest Muslim population , something that makes the ( often Christian ) right wing uncomfortable .
Radical pragmatism of a fringe party
Making headway in the country ’s deprived suburbs , notable for their large Muslim immigrant populations , could pay political dividends for the NPA , which is very much a fringe party .
The “ banlieues ” , Besancenot told Le Figaro , are “ deserts where social associations , unions and political activity barely flourish ” .
They are also places where women , some of whom wear Islamic veils , are starting to carry the torch for the NPA ’s brand of militant anti-capitalist Trotskyism .
In a statement , the party said the choice to put Moussaid forward as a candidate had come after “ a serious and complex debate ” .
“ [ Moussaid ] is a militant feminist , anti-capitalist and internationalist who happens to wear a headscarf for religious reasons ” , the statement continues .
“ The NPA welcomes young people , the unemployed and wage - earners of all walks of life who hold our ideals dear .
Religious faith is a private matter that should in no way be an obstacle to the NPA ’s fight for its fundamental principles of secularism , feminism and anti-capitalism . ”
Popular concern about climate change has declined significantly , following this year 's harsh winter and rows over statistics on global warming , a survey has found .
The numbers of those interested in where Britain 's electricity comes from have also slipped back , according to a survey commissioned by the energy company EDF , demonstrating what appears to be growing consumer complacency in an era of electric - powered gadgetry .
At the same time resistance to building new nuclear power stations appears to be slackening .
The results of the YouGov poll , based on a sample of 4,300 adults questioned during the week after the general election , show that interest in climate change fell from 80 % of respondents in 2006 , to 71 % last year and now stands at only 62 % .
Only 80 % say they are interested in where electrical power is made , down from 82 % the previous year .
Other recent polls have recorded a similar drop in public alarm about the imminence of climate - triggered disaster .
The number of climate change agnostics – those unsure whether human activity is warming the planet – has risen from 25 % in 2007 to 33 % now .
There may be many reasons for the change .
Failure to reach agreement on fresh emissions targets at the Copenhagen climate summit , the furore over the leaking of global warming data from the University of East Anglia and the recent cold weather may all have contributed to confusion around the issue .
The French - owned firm EDF , which commissioned the latest poll , owns British Energy , which runs eight nuclear power stations in the UK .
EDF plans to build a new generation of nuclear plants , with the first in operation by 2017 .
The survey says the " favourability rating " of nuclear power stations rose from + 4 to + 16 between 2007 and this year .
Among Lib Dems – the coalition party explicitly opposed to new nuclear building – as many as 58 % of supporters believe " nuclear energy has disadvantages , but the country needs it to be part of the energy balance " , according to the survey .
Slightly fewer , 47 % , are in favour of the construction of new nuclear power stations ; 32 % are opposed .
Vincent de Rivaz , chief executive of EDF Energy , said the poll " recognises the scale of the energy challenges facing the UK and the need for a low - carbon , eco- friendly economy as outlined by the coalition government .
" We are pleased to see strong public support across voters from all three major political parties in favour of new nuclear build .
We also note that opposition to new nuclear build has continued to fall .
This strong public support is further reflected by the clear backing for planning reform to facilitate investment in low carbon technologies , including nuclear .
" We need urgent action if we are to meet the UK 's carbon emissions targets and address the looming energy gap .
We believe nuclear power is the lowest cost low - carbon solution and can be built in the UK without subsidy .
Therefore , it must be part of an affordable , clean and secure generation mix . "
EDF , he said , " remains resolute in its commitment to a truly sustainable economy " .
WHEN it comes to motor vehicles there is widespread belief — at least in America — that bigger is not only better , but safer too .
The assumption is that nothing beats having lots of steel around you in a crash .
And it is true , to some extent .
All things being equal , the driver of a large SUV ( sports - utility vehicle ) is less likely to be killed than the driver of a small car in a head - on collision between the two .
The downside is that SUV drivers are far more likely than car drivers to die in solitary roll - over accidents induced by the vehicle 's own weight , its high centre of gravity and its truck - like suspension .
Collisions with other SUVs can be deadlier still .
An excess of heavy metal imposes other penalties .
American motorists are as aware as any that weight is the enemy of fuel economy .
However , with pump prices low by international standards , the trade - off between safety and fuel consumption has understandably favoured the former .
Adding air - bags , anti-lock brakes , stability control and side - impact beams has saved countless lives , but it has increased vehicle weights disproportionately .
Cars and light trucks on American roads today are 30 % heavier than they were in the mid-1980s .
Unfortunately , heavier vehicles need beefier engines to lug their extra girth around .
As a result , much of the past quarter - century 's improvements in engine and vehicle design — low - friction materials , turbo charging , direct injection , variable valve - timing , cylinder deactivation , stop - start ignition , dual - clutch transmissions , better aerodynamics and low rolling - resistance tyres — have been mopped up by increases in vehicle weight .
It therefore comes as no surprise that last week 's pronouncement by the White House — that cars and trucks sold in America from the 2016 model year onwards will have to achieve a fleet - wide average of 35.5 mpg ( 6.6 litres / 100 km ) — should have awoken fears about vehicles becoming smaller and less safe in order to meet the latest fuel - sipping standards .
The new corporate - average fuel economy ( CAFE ) figure , originally scheduled for 2020 but brought four years forward by the Obama administration , amounts to a 34 % increase over today 's actual average of 26.4mpg .
How to achieve such a whopping increase in efficiency over so short a time ?
The trouble is that most of the low - hanging fruit in combustion engineering have been picked already .
At best , the motor industry expects only a 15 - 20 % further improvement can be squeezed from existing petrol engines and their transmissions .
A new generation of plug - in hybrids and pure electric vehicles will doubtless help achieve the required goal .
But even if their sales triple over the next five years , they will still account for less than 10 % of America 's fleet of new cars by 2016 .
Though themselves not cheap , clean diesels , with their 35 % greater efficiency , would be a better bet — if only Americans could be persuaded to embrace them as Europeans have .
Although no longer justified , the diesel 's reputation for being slow , smelly , noisy , unreliable and difficult to start in cold weather has lingered since the 1980s , when Detroit rushed out half - baked designs in response to the oil crisis .
But even if the demand for diesel cars were there , the fuel might not be — at least , not at a price Americans would be willing to pay .
As it is , there is already a global shortage of diesel - making capacity .
The catalytic crackers used in refineries throughout America are optimised to produce as much petrol as possible .
Switching them over to the hydrocracking processes used widely in Europe and Asia for diesel production would take donkey 's years .
So it comes down to this : if half the increase in efficiency demanded by the new CAFE requirements is to come from further improvements in the power - train , then the other half will have to come from reductions in a vehicle 's weight .
That prompts two immediate questions : how much will such a weight reduction add to prices , and will hard - won gains in vehicle safety be sacrificed in the process ?
Given today 's materials and know - how , automotive engineers reckon a 10 % reduction in vehicle weight yields a 6 % improvement in efficiency .
Meanwhile , trimming the fat from a vehicle 's bodywork , components and accessories costs roughly $ 2 a pound .
Running the numbers for a typical car — say , a Toyota Camry weighing 3,260 lb ( 1,500kg ) and averaging 26 m pg — suggests it would need to shed a little under a third of its weight , at a cost of roughly $ 2,000 , to meet the 2016 standard .
The Environment Protection Agency claims average prices on the forecourt will rise by only $ 1,300 .
Someone , somewhere , seems to have got their sums wrong .
In the end , the additional price for “ adding lightness ” — to borrow a phrase from the late Colin Chapman , the legendary founder of Lotus Cars — comes down to the materials used and how they are formed .
To do the same job , HSLA ( high - strength low - alloy ) steels are up to 30 % lighter than traditional carbon steels .
They are already used in motor vehicles for components that have to withstand critical loads .
Unfortunately , because of their higher strength and toughness , HSLA steels need 30 % more energy to form them into useful shapes .
Also , because their strength tends to be directional , they can fail under sudden loads from unexpected quarters .
One of the ways that Chapman added lightness to his cars , the use of composite materials such as carbon fibre and glass - reinforced plastic , is not that practical either .
Lotuses are turned out in small numbers , but composites require too much manual work for volume production .
So the only sensible material for reducing a conventional car 's weight while maintaining its strength is aluminium .
At present , aluminium accounts for 9 % of a typical vehicle 's content — mostly in the form of castings and forgings for engine blocks , transmission cases , wheels and suspension parts .
For the aluminium content to increase much further means using sheets and extrusions of the stuff for body panels and subframes .
That will require further advances in laser welding and other bonding techniques to make production costs competitive .
The handful of aluminium - bodied cars in production have mostly been low - volume luxury models , such as the Honda NSX , the Audi A8 and the Jaguar XJ .
Their body weights have typically been 10 % to 15 % lower than those of their steel equivalents .
However , if all the parts made of iron and steel in cars today were replaced with aluminium , the vehicle would weigh 45 % less .
And it would be stronger , too .
Pound for pound , aluminium is up to two - and - a - half times stronger than conventional steel — and can absorb twice the energy in a crash .
In short , making vehicles lighter does not mean they have to be smaller or less safe .
If anything , cars with a high aluminium content have tended to be bigger and stronger than their steel - bodied predecessors .
Replacing steel with aluminium allows additional interior space to be offered , along with larger crumple zones at the front and rear for even better crash protection , all without paying a heavy penalty in fuel consumption .
But there is a snag : cost .
Aluminium is three to four times more expensive than steel .
On the plus side , aluminium cars do not rust , and therefore last longer than conventional cars .
And , at the end of their lives , they have a much higher scrap value .
Add in the fuel saving , and the lifetime cost of an aluminium car — from raw material and manufacturing to daily use and final disposal — can be comparable to that of a conventional car .
And the higher petrol prices go , of course , the sooner an aluminium car becomes as cheap overall as a conventional one .
The stumbling block in this analysis is that the person who walks into a showroom to buy a brand new aluminium car is unlikely to capture all those lifetime benefits .
Nor is the manufacturer — at least , not immediately .
So expect the initial sticker prices to be at least $ 2,000 higher for enlightened compact cars , and $ 4,500 - 6,000 more for trimmer luxury cars and SUVs .
The only consolation will be not having to fill up the tank quite so often .
The court heard that while celebrating a goal by teammate Jonathan Brown , Fevola ran towards the boundary fence directly behind the goal posts and started verbally abusing Bulldogs fans .
Other Lions players had retired towards the centre of the field .
The court heard Davey threw " a small amount of beer ' ' on Fevola .
The AFL player then told police and security officials who had thrown the beer and Davey was arrested .
He spent the weekend since his arrest in the watchhouse and missed his flight home .
Magistrate Tina Previtera noted two nights in custody was more than sufficient penalty and Davey was released from custody immediately .
Voss told reporters in Brisbane the AFL should investigate the incident , and consider banning spectators involved in such behaviour .
" Spectators can't touch players and players can't touch spectators , it 's pretty clear , '' he said .
" I do n't think you can put up with that sort of behaviour .
" The AFL has a strong stance about that and if the AFL have n't got involved they should , because you can't have that and it should be eliminated .
" It 's one of the attractions of our game , that we can go there and enjoy football without idiots carrying on . ''
Western Bulldogs chief executive Campbell Rose said in a statement this afternoon the club expected fans to behave properly .
" While the individual arrested was not a Western Bulldogs member , we expect all of our fans to carry themselves in a manner befitting our club , '' he said .
" This sort of behaviour is totally unacceptable and we are happy to see that the offender was quickly apprehended . ''
Outside the court , Davey said he was stranded in Brisbane because friends had taken all his identity papers when he was arrested .
" Mr Fevola came over to the fence and started abusing the Bulldogs ' supporters , '' Davey said .
" Jonathan Brown had just kicked a goal ... and instead of running back down the ground Mr Fevola ran over and started gobbing off at the Western Bulldogs ' ( fans ) .
" I should n't have done what I did , I accept that . ''
Davey said he could not remember what was said , but some fans were ribbing Fevola about his admitted gambling addiction .
" I got a lot of beer tipped over me by Brisbane supporters , but the police did n't seem to worry about that , '' Davey said .
Police had told him Fevola had pointed him out as the beer - thrower .
" I actually thought they were just going to throw me out of the ground , I did n't think I 'd be strip - searched and thrown in the cells and all that , '' he said .
As to an apology to Fevola , Davey declined the opportunity .
" He gobbed off at me and I threw some beer at him , I think that 's a fair exchange , '' he said .
Loading
" I do n't talk to idiots . ''
With the Bulldogs losing the game it had been a pretty tough , and expensive , weekend .
With a loud " Fire up , Dogs ' '
Davey left , dressed in his Bulldogs gear , smelling vaguely of beer , without his ID , and hoping to make his way home .
NHL Draft :
Who the experts think will be available for the Blue Jackets
A closer look at the players who could be on the board for Columbus
A small team that once found problems to be challenging is now facing them with a broader array of resources and expert professionals .
By banking on us , you will be able to maximize your needs to a large extent .
More than 2 years ago the IFPI and other copyright groups brought action against Danish ISP Telenor demanding that it should block its subscribers from accessing The Pirate Bay .
Following a hearing which began a week ago , the Supreme Court in Denmark has just ruled that The Pirate Bay must continue to be blocked , upholding previous rulings by lower courts .
Following a court case initiated by the IFPI , in early 2008 a Danish judge ruled that ISP Telenor ( then Tele2 ) should block its customers from accessing The Pirate Bay .
IFPI , representing the major recording labels , had successfully argued that Telenor was assisting in mass copyright infringement .
Later in 2008 the Eastern High Court upheld the earlier ruling but Telenor , with the support of other ISPs , said they would continue to fight .
In April 2009 a Danish appeals body accepted a petition from the ISP to take the case to the Supreme Court .
“ We are pleased that we now have the opportunity to find out whether it is Internet Service Providers ’ responsibility to ensure the closure of a website , ” noted Telenor ’s regulatory chief Nicholai Kramer Pfeiffer .
Representatives from the music industry believed a decision in their favor was required .
“ The principle is extremely important in this case .
If the Supreme Court unblocks The Pirate Bay , it means that people can abuse the Danish artists ’ music again , ” said Martin Arnoldsen , Executive Director of the Danish Musicians ’ Union .
“ Many people may think that musicians are living a life with lots of money , but this is not the reality . ”
The Supreme Court hearing began last week on May 20th , with Telenor making its final attempt to have the earlier decision overruled and therefore unblocking The Pirate Bay .
“ The central legal argument of IFPI in this case is a statement in Danish copyright law :
Any copying due to exceptions in copyright is illegal if the ‘ original ’ being copied is an illegal copy , ” Ole Husgaard of the Danish Pirate Party told Torrent Freak last night .
“ Because the ISP makes temporary copies of small fragments of the copyrighted work as IP packets pass their routers , the ISP violates copyright if one of their customers downloads an illegal copy .
But this requirement of a ‘ legal original ’ is not allowed in the EU Infosoc directive in the case of ‘ a transmission in a network between third parties by an intermediary ’ ( Article 5.1 ( a ) ) .
So here our local law violates EU law , ” he explained .
Husgaard told TorrentFreak that the top civil servant in the Danish government responsible for copyright law at the time Infosoc was implemented in local law was Peter Schønning .
“ Today he is no longer a civil servant .
Now he is employed by IFPI , and is running the legal proceedings to get the Pirate Bay blocked for IFPI , ” says Husgaard .
Today the Supreme Court announced its decision and the IFPI came out on top .
Telenor – and by extension other ISPs – must continue to DNS - block The Pirate Bay so that Danish subscribers cannot access the site .
“ With the Supreme Court upholding an ISP ban against providing customer access to The Pirate Bay it is clearly necessary to have legislative changes , ” say the Pirate Party in a response to the ruling .
“ Our copyright law should be addressed , so it is no longer in breach of EU law .
And the Procedure Code should be amended so the rules on preliminary injunction can no longer be misused by , for example , IFPI to achieve a better position than they are entitled . ”
This is a breaking news story and will be updated
" A lot of people , especially living in New York , do n't get the opportunity to connect with people in an intimate way , " said Aaron Star , who started the naked yoga movement .
And while participants do occasionally report a frisson of excitement , Star and the practice 's aficionados make one thing clear :
This is about physical fitness .
" This is about yoga and appreciating your body , " said John Cottrell , 40 , who teaches naked yoga classes in Salt Lake City twice a month .
He calls them a safe , non-threatening space " to help men especially look at themselves in a different way .
" It 's just fun .
It 's a great workout , " he says .
Star began the practice to appeal to a primarily gay male audience and achieved fame in the yoga world with his DVD series " Hot Nude Yoga " , which allows aspiring yogis to practice in the privacy of their homes .
Hot , yes - in temperature , for starters .
Awkward ?
That , too .
At the small class I attended , an undeniable sexual charge hung in the room , making the exercise at times painfully weird and embarrassing .
Many nude yoga classes revolve around partnering positions , a series of postures that put two men within striking distance of the other 's privates .
Not all serious yogis think the practice makes sense .
" I do n't see the point , " said Mary Dillion , who teaches clothed yoga in Manhattan .
" I have a yoga practice that I like and I can be naked in my home .
I do n't need to do naked yoga . "
And Joshua Stein , editor - at - large for OUT Magazine , who attended a class in 2008 , says the quality of the yoga was diminished by the heightened sensuality .
" It 's almost as if the yoga is something between an afterthought and an excuse , " said Stein , who is heterosexual .
" It gives you this grey area where you can be intimate physically , but not so aggressively intimate as in a bath house or in a bar . "
He describes being asked to do a child 's pose - a kneeling pose with arms stretched forward on the ground - while a partner draped himself on his back .
" It 's not something you really need a partner to do , " he said .
Star acknowledges that partner work is a popular feature of Hot Nude Yoga that " generates a certain amount of heat " and keeps his client list high .
Still , practitioners say they constantly combat the notion that their classes are orgies veiled as exercise .
At Nude Yoga NYC in Manhattan , nude yoga is not such a boys club .
Instructor Isis Phoenix , 29 , said her co-ed nude yoga studio attracts " a well - rounded population of ages , genders and sexual orientations " .
The men usually outnumber women two - to - one , however .
Phoenix sees nudity as an extra pull for men , who often need an incentive to practice yoga .
Still , she nixed the idea that nudity created a sexual element , but one of comfort .
" Men more often fall into a general greater ease with their bodies than women do , " she said .
But the trend seems to appeal mostly to gay men .
David Flewelling teaches Mudraforce Yoga at a home studio in Montreal , Canada .
As at Star and Cottrell 's studios , the majority of attendees at Mudraforce are gay .
Flewelling said sex is never part of the experience .
Nude yoga , while extremely sensual , is not sexual , he said .
" There 's something fantastic about exercising without clothes , " he said .
" You 're free of the restrictions that clothes put on and it puts everyone on an even keel . "
Even teachers of naked yoga , while railing against the suggestion that the class is tantamount to foreplay , can send mixed signals .
When my class ended , I took aside the instructor , Jeffrey Duval , and asked how he got into naked yoga .
Duval acknowledged he attended his first class because he thought it was about sex .
But his experience surpassed all his expectations .
" You 're shedding away your clothes , but you 're also shedding away insecurities and fear , " he said .
" I ca n't think of a more perfect way to practice . "
AP
Arsenic is so common in groundwater in Bangladesh , Nepal , western India , Myanmar , Cambodia and Vietnam  all heavily populated countries in the flood plains draining the Himalayas  that their drinking water has been called “ the largest poisoning of a population in history . ”
But a recent study in Science magazine suggests simple well - drilling techniques that could lower the risk .
The arsenic comes from eroding Himalayan coal seams and rocks containing sulfides ; it is released into the groundwater only under certain chemical conditions deep underground .
Some of those are affected by human activities , including pumping out huge volumes of water for irrigation .
Different - colored sands may indicate how likely an aquifer is to be dangerous : rusty orange sands full of iron oxides often have less dissolved arsenic in the water around them than gray - colored sands do .
Any village may have many orange and gray layers at different depths underneath it , and villagers may unknowingly live near both safe and dangerous wells .
But testing is usually inadequate .
Therefore , the authors  geologists from Stanford , Columbia and the University of Delaware  suggest that wells for drinking water should be drilled in deep orange sands and connected to low - pressure hand pumps , while wells connected to high - pressure pumps for crop irrigation should be kept out of those deep aquifers so they do not empty them of safe water , which would cause arsenic - laden water to migrate downward into them .
" In love with a woman - must society reject me ? "
That 's the real thing , the tagline from one of Ann Bannon 's famous " Beebo Brinker " titles , a series that followed young lesbians in the big city , all featuring the dashing Beebo :
Ann Bannon ( the pen name of Ann Weldy ) was , to the outside world , a conventional mid-century wife and mother whose life as the " Queen of Lesbian Pulp Fiction " was restricted to six pseudonymous 1950s titles .
And yet these books - with titles like Women in the Shadows and Odd Girl
Out were a crucial lifeline to many lesbians of those years and to this day are regarded as canonical LGBT reading .
Advertisement
The novels are not high - brow .
They 're lurid , pulpy , slangy and the heroine Beebo Brinker is a dashing , womanizing , elevator - operating dream - butch with all the dimensions of an Edward Cullen .
( Bannon said as much , telling an interviewer , " I put Beebo together just as I wanted her , in my heart and mind ...
She was just , quite literally , the butch of my dreams . " )
But the fact that they dealt with the real issues of living lesbian life in the real world - and that her characters , however improbably , frequently embraced this destiny rather than ending in inevitable tragedy or subterfuge ( the usual literary tropes of the time ) - although her novels did have the occasional sacrificial lamb - made the books not just important but crucial .
Says Weldy in the Stanford magazine , " It was the moral judgment of the U.S. Postal Service that ' We cannot deliver this stuff . . . unless one of the protagonists is punished by the last page .'... It was not in my nature to do what was essential in those days - kill one of them at the end or have one of them go crazy . "
Bannon ( now retired but a frequent speaker at LGBT events ) is a respected elder stateswoman these days .
But her work is not merely regarded as a campy footnote .
In the last few years , it 's been reinterpreted and re-examined in a number of contexts , from the theatrical adaptation , the Beebo Brinker Chronicles to Monica Nolan 's affectionate series of send - ups , the latest of which is Bobby Blanchard , Lesbian Gym Teacher .
Talking to the Washington City Paper , Nolan says that she wanted to keep the spirit while expunging the ( often mandatory ) " self - loathing . "
She adds , " I think in the lesbian community there 's been a huge growth in our willingness to laugh at ourselves and look back at our past and be able to make fun of it . "
It was less funny to Bannon herself , who , it seems from interviews , is only now fully embracing an adult sexual identity ( and still resists labels ) .
" I am proud of them , " she says .
Advertisement
Bobby Blanchard , Lesbian Gym Teacher : A Q&A With Pulp Satirist Monica Nolan [ WCP ]
Writer Ann Bannon [ NPR ]
Beebo's Significant Other [ Stanford Magazine ]
Chinese website Zol -- which is owned by CBS Interactive -- is reporting that Apple may be moving toward a model of paying Foxconn employees direct subsidies , in the form of small percentages of the profits from whatever product line they work on .
It 's also interesting to note that the report claims that Apple has looked into the situation , and found that the general unhappiness of the workers and the recent spate of suicides could be attributed to low wages .
The report says that Apple -- which apparently pays Foxconn 2.3 percent of the final retail price for a given product -- will pay an additional amount directly to the workers , which would give a significant boost to the roughly $ 132 they 're currently pulling in per month .
The actual payout numbers we 're hearing -- around 1 to 2 percent of a retail price of the products manufactured -- do n't exactly make sense so we 're hoping to get clarification as to the breakdown if the rumor turns out to be true .
The report also states that the iPad production line will be the first to benefit from the scheme .
We have asked Apple for comment and will update if and when we hear back .
The dogs were found in the back of Pc Johnson 's car
A police dog handler who left his two German Shepherds to die in the back of his hot car has returned to work , Nottinghamshire police have confirmed .
Pc Mark Johnson , 40 , was handed a six - month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £ 2,500 after being convicted of animal cruelty in February .
He was suspended from the force following the trial at Nottingham Magistrates ' Court .
After a misconduct inquiry , he has returned to work as a response officer .
Pc ' forgot ' dogs
The force said he was no longer working as a dog handler .
During the trial the court heard Pc Johnson was suffering from depression and obsessive compulsive disorder .
This led to him to forget that he had left the dogs in his car which was parked outside Nottinghamshire Police 's Sherwood Lodge headquarters near Arnold on 30 June 2009 .
The animals were in the car for seven hours in temperatures of 29.3C ( 84.7 F ) , the court heard .
German Shepherds Jet , aged seven , and 18 - month - old Jay - Jay , died possibly within 20 minutes from heatstroke which would have brought about multiple organ failure , the court was told .
A statement from Nottinghamshire Police said today : " Following a misconduct meeting , Pc Mark Johnson returned to work on April 29 as a response officer on D division ( south Nottinghamshire ) . "
Nottinghamshire Police were criticised by district judge Tim Devas after the court heard Pc Johnson found it difficult to seek help for his problems .
Following the case the force said strict kennelling rules had been enforced and new ventilation systems had been added to vehicles .
The biggest interview on television last week , with the Senate candidate Rand Paul , happened at 9 p.m .
But regrettably for CNN ’s Larry King , who used to rule that time slot by wooing newsmakers , the interview was booked by his higher - rated competitor , MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow .
Next week will be Mr. King ’s 25th year on CNN , but these are hard days for the host , and not just because he is being beaten in ratings and bookings .
Although still the linchpin of CNN ’s lineup , he has come to embody an enormous problem facing the cable news channel .
How can he and CNN compete in prime time when viewers seem to crave partisan political programs and when prominent guests — the lifeblood of Mr. King ’s show — would rather burnish their images on other channels ?
So far , CNN cannot compete .
“ Larry King Live ” is now struggling in the ratings , as is CNN as a whole .
The ratings for the new “ John King , USA ” political show at 7 p.m. have been disappointing , and Campbell Brown announced last week that she was quitting her 8 p.m. show after concluding that her newscast could not compete with the bombastic opinion - oriented shows on Fox News and MSNBC .
Update 4 : Merkel to formally announce naked short - selling ban on Wednesday .
Update 3 : Hearing naked ban will also apply to credit derivatives , i.e. naked CDS .
Update 2 : Bloomberg chimes in quoting Deutsche Presse which reports that the ban will only apply to naked shorting .
We are looking for official confirmation on what the final proposal will look like as there is a lot of confusion currently and no formal announcement .
Regardless , investors are wondering what has changed today to institute this now .
Update : short selling ban will apply to stocks and euro government bonds according to German N - TV station .
This is an act of desperation and will force all those who are long German assets to sell asap ( selling is still legal ) .
Reuters headline for now , that the German Finance Minister will institute a short - selling ban at midnight .
If true , this is huge , as it means the market will become massively dislocated once again .
We can show charts of how Thailand , US and Greek markets reacted when this was introduced ( short jump followed by significant slide lower ) , but you get the image .
One wonders just how horrible the news flow over the next 24 hours will be for this drastic measure to be introduced .
Full and most recent Reuters update below :
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Strict type system allows for a maximum number of programming errors to be caught at compile time .
lrpalmer : >
What I seem to be getting at is this plane of type systems : > > Constrained -------------------------
Expressive > Unreliable > | ( C ) > | ( test suites ) > | ( C++ ) . > | . > | ( Java / C# ) ( Scala ) . > | . > | . > | ( Haskell ) . > | > | ( Agda ) > Reliable >
Where have I seen this before .... oh !!
http://i.imgur.com/srLvr.jpg
The Big Lebowski Alignment Chart , mirrored !!
+------------------------------------------------ | Lawful Good Chaotic Good | ( Agda ) ( C++ ) | | | True Netural | ( Haskell ) | | | | Lawful Evil Chaotic Evil | ( testsuites ) ( C ) +------------------------------------------------ | | | |
Usually I would call something like this a rumor but this has been confirmed by the Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg who spoke with two different executives and they both pretty much said the same thing .
Google and Verizon are working together to bring an Android tablet to the market .
I fully expect this to make a debut at this year ’s Google I/O .
There is little to go on at the moment , actually there ’s nothing to go one but the word from these two execs .
So far there is no information on a release date , pictures or specifications of this tablet .
I ’m pretty sure it ’s going to out spec the iPad by a lot .
I do n’t know about you but I ca n’t wait for the I/ O to get underway so we can see all these great things Google has in store for Android .
Kyta Senior Guild Member
Join Date : 8th Feb , 2008 Location : Triangulating current distance from caffeine ...
Posts : 1,050
Re : Custom Avatar Form Backlog ?
A few observations of the general and specific for CAF submissions over the last year :
1 . The " 4 months to get approved " that one finds in the old threads is no longer the case .
NS13 is out already .
2 . All CAFs seem to be approved at the same time - the last day of the month in which they were submitted .
a ) regardless of whether it was submitted on the 1st or the 7th
b ) no matter if it has animation or not
3 . As per the previous , January CAF approvals are " late " < insert suggestive comment here > .
None of them have been approved yet .
Jick went on a road trip ( and possibly other kinds of as well ) and then they all went overboard playing with BRICKOs .
4 . Last time CAFs were " late , " ( June or July ' 09 ? ) they came up mid/late month the next month and then that months CAFs were approved on the last day .
( This is FYI - do not infer anything from it .
Two data points may make a line , but they sure as hell do n't make a pattern from which one can make predictions .
I will inform cable news on your behalf . )
5 . Regarding rejected submissions :
If something is a more obvious reject , it will get returned around the 8th ( right as it is too late to try again for the month ) .
Otherwise , they seem to get returned when the others are approved .
6. Rule Six , there is NO ... Rule Six .
7 . There are exceptions .
__________________
Last edited by Kyta ; Sat , Feb 6th , 2010 at 02:35 AM .
May 24 , 2010  --
By the time Victoria Franklin called her twin sister to take her to the hospital in Atlanta on April 9 , her breast had turned black and had blown up to the size of a loaf of bread .
" Her breast was three times the size , black as tar and had a horrible smell , " said Valerie Dapaa , 51 , who took her nearly unconscious sister to the hospital , where they removed her breast after finding it ravaged by gangrene .
" They call it the smell of death , " said Dapaa .
" The doctors said they did n't know if they could save her .
She was diabetic and her sugar was up to 700 . "
Doctors told Franklin that she had been bitten by a brown recluse spider , a virulent little arachnid that is seen mainly in the south central part of the United States .
The brown recluse occurs in 15 states , one of them the northern part of Georgia where Franklin lives , according to the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture in Seattle .
Inside the home , these spiders can be found in dark spots in the bath , garages , closets and cellars .
They can nest in boxes of stored clothes and books .
" I do n't even remember being bit , " said Franklin from her hospital bed .
Franklin 's doctors were not available to talk to ABCNews.com , but some experts say these spiders are often erroneously blamed for skin infections turned septic -- and without finding the spider , no one will ever know for sure .
After surgery Franklin was in a diabetic coma on a respirator for 11 days .
Today , she is at Well Star Windy Hill Hospital in Marietta , Georgia , undergoing physical therapy to regain her strength and awaiting reconstructive surgery .
" I 'm doing fine , " said Franklin , a 51 - year - old divorcee from Hiram , Georgia .
" It 's really hard for me because I have been an independent lady for so long , and to think this was nearly taken away from me by a spider .
That 's what scares me -- not losing a breast , but the fact that a spider did me in .
I have to learn to do everything all over again . "
Franklin , who earns $ 3,500 a month filling late - night infomercial orders by phone and looks after her two grandchildren on the weekends , has no health insurance .
She said she does n't know how she is going to pay the hundreds of thousands of dollars she expects to owe the hospital for her treatment .
" People have been chipping in and helping , but I do n't know how long that will continue , " she said .
The twins have not always seen eye - to - eye , but after this brush with death , " We will be close for the rest of our lives , " said Dapaa , who works as a cook .
Franklin 's condition is known as necrotic arachnidism .
Patients report " an abrupt stinging or itching sensation , " followed in hours by a painful pimple that within 24 to 48 hours becomes black and necrotic .
" It 's a nasty little spider that can cause skin destruction and make an ulcer and let infection in , and in some reported cases it can be very dramatic , " said Dr. Marcel Casavant , chief of pharmacology and toxicology at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio .
" If you Google it , you can see people losing an arm , " he said .
" But there are 20 or 30 other things that can do the same thing . "
About 60 percent of all brown brown recluse spider bites are false reports , according to the Burke Museum .
Doctor blame " all kinds of mystery skin lesions and gangrenous sores on the bite of a non-existent spider , " said Rod Crawford , Burke 's curator of arachnids .
" [ It 's ] one of the commoner kinds of medical malpractice , and people have actually died because they were treated for a spider bite they did not have , rather than for the far more serious condition they did have , " he said .
The nocturnal and fragile spider , as its name suggests , is shy and seldom encounters humans , according to a 2002 report in American Medical News .
Bites can occur when a person rolls onto it in bed .
MRSA More Likely Cause of Infection , Says Doctor
Injury caused by spider venom has been recognized in the United States since the 1950s , according to a 2005 report in the New England Journal of Medicine , which suggested physicians are too quick to point blame , even in areas where they are rare or nonexistent .
" The perceived threat of spider bites far exceeds the risk , " wrote authors Dr. David L. Swanson and Richard S. Vetter , who say many other dermatologic conditions are far more dangerous .
" Any small infection in a diabetic can turn into that she had , " said toxicologist Casavant .
" I would n't assume it was a spider . "
Experts say the brown recluse spider is often cited in medical and pharmaceutical school training , and doctors are often fooled .
" We actually get calls about this kind of spider bite , " said Casavant , who is director of the national poison control center .
" A lot come from doctors who think it 's the spider even though it 's not possible in that part of the country . "
" Part of the trouble is doctors are using what they were taught 20 years ago and we now know there is a long list of things , " he said .
" In the absence of the spider , it 's probably something else . "
These types of infections can arise when patients have metabolic , endocrine or autoimmune conditions , but more often they are caused by the superbug MRSA ( methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ) .
" In pharmacy school , everybody has a story :
That the brown recluse spider likes to hide in the pockets of long coats in dark places and you reach into the pocket of the coast you have n't worn and get bit , " said Paul Doering , professor at the College of Pharmacy at the University of Florida .
" But it should be MRSA - phobia and not arachnophobia , " he said .
Doering , who did research on the spider as part of a lawsuit against a pharmacist , said that any infection that becomes systemic is cause for concern .
" If an irritation or inflammation gets progressively worse over 24 hours , it does n't matter what the origin is , " said Doering .
Never Ignore a Worsening Skin Infection
" With skin infections today , especially in the world of resistant organisms , you should n't take a chance , " he said .
" The first sign of something , when you feel poorly and there is a red lesion , go to the ER or the doc - in - box . "
Such was the case with Franklin , who had three pimple - like spots on her breast that turned to reddened lumps .
Within a week , she was crippled with pain and her breast swelled so large , she could n't get into her bra .
On April 9 , she was so alarmed and in so much pain , she called her sister .
" A week before she ended up in the hospital , she did n't realize what it was and started getting sick , " said Dapaa , a mother of three and a grandmother .
" I was so worried about her and sat four or five hours until the surgery was over . "
" I actually saw the wound the next day , " she said .
" It looked like you could see her ribs .
[ The doctor ] took 40 pounds , the size of a football or a loaf of bread off her breast and the muscle behind . "
At first , Franklin could n't use her arm or legs , but slowly she has been regaining use of her limbs , which have swelled to large , she has difficulty walking .
Dapaa called a friend , who is an exterminator to fumigate the house .
" I see spiders all the time , " said Franklin .
" But I never knew how dangerous they were .
This is very serious .
I live in a neighborhood with a lot of children and they play with spiders . "
" That spider can kill you , " she said .
" Its main job is to get in the skin like Pac - Man and eats your flesh and destroys your tissue .
That 's why I put the story out there .
I had never heard of it and wanted to make sure the community knew about it . "
" I am working with therapy , going through redressing myself , " she said .
" I can wash and take a shower .
I can't stand for long periods of time .
I am walking with a walker . "
Franklin said she remains optimistic and plans to move in with her sister Valerie -- at least until she can climb the stairs to her second - floor bedroom in her own home .
" I 'm glad it took my breast , " she said .
" If I had to lose an arm or leg I 'd have been torn up .
They can do reconstruction on my breast . "
ONE LAPTOP PER CHILD is a nonprofit group that thinks big .
Since 2007 , it has sold inexpensive but rugged laptop computers to the governments of less - developed countries .
The goal is to equip each of the two billion children in the developing world with his or her own computer .
It ’s been slow going .
About 1.6 million of the group ’s laptops have been distributed to date , said Matt Keller , vice president for global advocacy at the O.L.P.C. Foundation , based in Cambridge , Mass .
Today , the largest concentrations are in Uruguay , at around 400,000 , and Peru , at 280,000 , followed by Rwanda ( 110,000 ) and Haiti and Mongolia ( 15,000 each ) .
In 2006 , the O.L.P.C .
Web site pitched its laptop as a technology that “ could revolutionize how we educate the world ’s children . ”
Today , the “ R ” word is gone .
Now the site speaks in more muted language of “ developing an essential resource — educated , empowered children . ”
“ The biggest obstacle to our spreading the dream is cost , ” Mr. Keller said .
Ninety percent of the machines have been paid for by the recipient countries ’ governments , whose resources are extremely limited .
I asked Mr. Keller if project leaders had reconsidered the “ per child ” part of the program .
“ One Laptop Per Classroom ” certainly does n’t have the same ring , to be sure , but it would better diffuse the benefits in the short term , helping a greater share of those almost two billion children who have not been reached .
Jeremy Clarkson earned more than £ 800,000 in the year to the end of March 2009 from the company set up to channel profits from the global exploitation of the Top Gear brand .
Accounts for Bedder 6 filed at Companies House showed an after - tax profit of £ 2.1 m on a turnover of £ 24 m .
Clarkson , who reportedly earns around £ 1 m for presenting Top Gear , owns 30 % of Bedder 6 and as a result will have collected £ 479,000 from his share of the company 's £ 1.59 m dividend .
He also received a £ 350,000 fee for " payment for services " .
This was more than twice his earnings from Bedder 6 during its previous accounting period , when he received £ 317,000 over the 17 months to the end of March 2008 .
Bedder 6 has nearly tripled its turnover from £ 8.675 m during the previous 17 months , when after - tax profit was £ 1.876 m .
Andy Wilman , the Top Gear executive producer , is a Bedder 6 director along with Clarkson and will also have taken a share of the dividend .
The corporation 's commercial arm , BBC Worldwide , owns just over 50 % of the company , which was created by Clarkson and Wilman in 2006 .
Bedder 6 is used as the main channel for the profits for Top Gear merchandising and some of the other commercial exploitation of the hit BBC2 motoring show , including foreign sales of the original UK production .
The company also has a 50 % investment in Sub - Zero Events Ltd. Sub - Zero is a joint - venture set up between BBC Worldwide and events specialist Brand Events to run the Top Gear Live roadshow .
The latest accounts show that BBC Worldwide paid the BBC £ 1.041 m in order to use the rights of Top Gear , up from £ 912,000 in the previous 17 months .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
The National Hockey League team the Montreal Canadiens were founded in 1909 and are the longest continuously operating professional ice hockey team in the world .
Players and fans are often called the Habs , which is believed to be an abbreviation of les habitants , the informal name given in the 17th century to the original settlers of " New France . "
At its peak in 1712 , the territory of New France , also known as the French North American Empire or Royal New France , extended from Newfoundland to the Canadian prairies and from Hudson Bay to the Gulf of Mexico , including all the Great Lakes of North America .
Other nicknames for the Canadiens include French monikers such as Les Canadiens , Le Bleu - Blanc - Rouge , La Sainte - Flanelle , Le Tricolore , Les Glorieux , and Le Grand Club .
Habs Might Be an Erroneous Nickname
The " Habs " nickname might have been the result of an error in 1924 .
The first man to refer to the team as the Habs was Tex Rickard , the found of the National Hockey League and the owner of Madison Square Garden .
Rickard apparently told a reporter that the " H " in the logo on the Canadiens ' jerseys stood for habitants , which is not true .
The distinctive C - wrapped - around - H logo stands for the hockey team 's official name , le Club de Hockey Canadien .
The " H " stands for " hockey . "
Logo Changes
The Montreal Canadiens ' current CHC logo was not adopted until 1914 .
Jerseys for the 1909 - 10 season were blue and featured a single white C . For its second season , the team had red jerseys featuring a green maple leaf with a C logo and green pants .
The season before adopting their current look , the Canadiens wore a " barber pole " design jersey with red , white , and blue stripes .
The team 's logo was a white maple leaf reading " CAC , " which stood for Club athlétique Canadien .
To celebrate their centenary , the team players wore jerseys featuring these early logos during the 2009 - 10 season .
Other Trivia
The Canadiens are the only existing hockey team to predate the founding of the NHL .
The team has won the Stanley Cup more times than any other franchise , taking home the championship trophy on 24 occasions ( most recently during the 1992 - 93 season ) .
The Canadiens are one of the most successful sports teams in North America .
Although the team has been fondly known as the Habs for nearly 100 years , the Canadiens did not have a mascot until the 2004 NHL season when they adopted Youppi ! as their official mascot .
The orange furball was designed by Bonnie Erickson , a puppet artist known for her work with Jim Henson on the Muppets ( she also designed Miss Piggy ) .
Youppi ! had been the longtime mascot for the Montreal Expos until the franchise moved to Washington , D.C. , in 2004 and became the Washington Nationals .
With the switch , Youppi ! became the first mascot in a professional sport to change leagues .
The Canadiens ' motto is Nos bras meurtris vous tendent le flambeau ; à vous toujours de le porter bien haut , which means " To you from failing hands we throw the torch ; be yours to hold it high . "
It is taken from the John McCrae poem " In Flanders Fields , " a memorial to Canadian soldiers killed during the First World War .
Credit : Disney
Does this even need any further introduction ?
It ’s a ‘ behind the scenes ’ clip from Toy Story 3 !
If you have n’t heard about this already , then I question if you have been out to sea or on a deserted island like some here is a link to the preview instead .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
ALMOND MALLABI OR MUHALLABI
SUTLAC – CREAMY TURKISH RICE PUDDING
Faye Levy is the author of Feast from the Mideast .
Just in time for Shavuot , the Anatolian Festival was held in early May and gave us delicious cooking ideas for the holiday of dairy delights .
We had the chance to indulge in a variety of classic Middle Eastern specialties at the largest Turkish festival in the world , which took place in Irvine , California .
Inspiration for Shavuot seemed to be everywhere , beginning with the feta - filled pancake - like flatbreads called gozleme , and continuing with the rich , cheese - filled boereks , which we know in Israel as burekas .
Cheese burekas served with a long - cooked brown egg was our favorite after - work treat in Tel Aviv .
A sign , “ burekas Turki , ” sometimes posted on good burekas bakeries , was an indication that the establishment was serving authentic , superior burekas .
Most luscious of all was the festival ’s selection of sweets .
There was irresistible kunefe , known as knafe in Israel , made of kadaif ( shredded filo ) pastry , sweet cheese and pistachios , assembled and baked before our eyes .
As if the buttery , lavish , nut - filled baklava that cooking demonstrator Oskur Yildiz prepared was n’t rich enough , he recommended serving baklava with kaymak , the ultra-rich Turkish cream that resembles a sweet version of creme fraiche .
The selection of creamy puddings , which are traditional for Shavuot among Jews of Turkish origin , took us back to our favorite kind of eatery in Istanbul – the muhallebeci , or pudding shops .
Actually , the exact translation would be muhallabi shops because they feature an array of wonderful , creamy desserts of that name , a Turkish specialty known in Israel as mallabi .
Composed basically of milk , sugar and cornstarch , it ’s the careful cooking and the variety of flavorings added , from rosewater to pistachios to almonds to chocolate , that make this dessert so delicious .
Served cold , these sweet treats often have toppings – cinnamon , shredded coconut , chopped almonds , pistachios or dried cherries .
You could say that in Turkey , city children “ are born under the sign of muhallabi , ” wrote Istanbul - born Esther Benbassa , author of Cuisine Judeo - Espagnole , a book devoted to Turkish - Jewish specialties , who lovingly described these shops .
“ From birth , this velvety cream takes you on a milky path that you continue to follow as an adult .
As soon as you put your nose outside your door , you find those store windows showing your palate the wealth of sweet dairy delights that sharpen your appetite without pity .
” At these muhallebeci , “ you are condemned to enjoy sweet rice that melts in your mouth and ... all the creamy sweet creations that the oriental imagination puts at the disposition of incorrigible gourmands ... one sells one ’s soul to the white goddess , mistress of this paradise of milk and cinnamon . ”
For us , these pudding shops were , indeed , heavenly .
Growing up in Givatayim , Yakir loved mallabi , and he introduced me to this creamy dessert .
At the festival we enjoyed gullac ( pronounce gullatch ) , a creamy , delicately sweet , walnut - topped dessert sometimes described as white noodle pudding .
When we tasted it , we thought it was made of Chinese - type rice noodles , but we learned that the “ noodles ” are actually Turkish “ gullac sheets ” made of wheat flour and cornstarch that come dry and are traditionally moistened with milk .
We also sampled a creamy rice pudding known as sutlac ( pronounced sutlatch ) , popular on Shavuot among Jews of Turkish as well as Greek origin .
Made in many different versions , sutlac features rice or rice flour and can be a stovetop pudding or a baked dessert browned in the oven .
Flavorings range from grated orange zest to rosewater to ground almonds to praline made of caramelized almonds .
Slow simmering and stirring over low heat is the key to its superb flavor , noted Nicholas Stavroulakis , author of Cookbook of the Jews of Greece , who includes variations of the dessert from Rhodes and Salonika , and called sutlac “ a great delicacy throughout the Near East .
” Rich but refreshing , basic mallabi is as easy to make as vanilla pudding and so is this more lavish version , made with almonds .
It tastes best with a vanilla bean infused in the milk , but if you do n’t have one , simply flavor the pudding with a little extra vanilla extract ; add it after the dessert is cooked .
Whole milk is best but mallabi can be prepared with low - fat milk as well .
If you ’d like to make it parve , soy milk or rice milk work beautifully .
If you like , serve the mallabi with sliced fresh ripe peaches or sweet berries .
3 cups milk1 vanilla bean1⁄4 cup finely chopped blanched almonds 1⁄4 cup cornstarch4 to 5 Tbsp. sugar1 to 2 tsp. pure vanilla extract or rosewater , or to tasteHeat the milk and vanilla bean to a simmer .
Remove from the heat and let stand for 20 to 30 minutes .
Remove vanilla bean .
Grind 2 tablespoons of the chopped almonds to a fine powder ; reserve .
If you like , lightly toast the remaining chopped almonds ; reserve for garnish .
Mix cornstarch with 1 ⁄2 cup cold milk to a smooth paste .
In a heavy saucepan combine remaining milk with sugar and bring to a simmer , stirring .
Stir cornstarch mixture again until smooth and pour it gradually into the simmering milk , whisking rapidly .
Bring to a boil over medium - high , stirring constantly .
Cook over medium - low heat , stirring , for 5 minutes or until mixture becomes a thick , smooth pudding .
Stir in the ground almonds .
Remove from heat and cool to room temperature , stirring occasionally .
Stir in vanilla .
Transfer to shallow dessert dishes and refrigerate .
Sprinkle with chopped almonds .
Makes 4 servings .
This recipe is from The Complete Book of Turkish Cooking by Ayla Esen Algar .
She begins the pudding using the technique we learned in Paris , of cooking the rice first in water to soften it before continuing to cook it in milk ; this method is much faster than cooking the rice directly in the milk .
Unlike French rice pudding , this one contains cornstarch .
Some Turkish cooks prefer sutlac with a golden brown crust , as it is often served at Turkish pudding shops .
If you prefer it that way , follow the note below .
1⁄2 cup white rice , short or long - grained 23 ⁄4 cups water8 cups milk5 Tbsp. cornstarch11⁄2 cups sugarCinnamon for sprinklingCombine rice and 2 cups water in a small saucepan .
Bring to a boil ; reduce heat , cover and simmer over low heat until rice is tender and the water is absorbed , about 15 to 20 minutes .
Combine milk and cooked rice in a large , heavy - based saucepan and bring to a boil .
Spoon cornstarch into a small bowl and gradually stir in 3⁄4 cup water .
Gradually add cornstarch mixture to the simmering mixture of milk and rice , stirring constantly .
Cook , stirring often , for 10 minutes .
Add sugar and continue cooking until the mixture thickens slightly .
Remove from heat , pour into individual bowls , and chill in the refrigerator .
Serve sprinkled with cinnamon .
Makes 12 servings .
Note :
If you ’d like to serve sutlac with a golden crust , as it is often , pour the pudding into a buttered baking dish or individual buttered ramekins and bake it at 175 º for 15 to 30 minutes or until the top is light golden .
If you prefer a deep brown topping , brown the pudding in the broiler instead ; if you do this , watch it carefully .
Southwark Council said motorists ' excuses were " quite impressive " A motorist blamed spotting a UFO for his failure to pay a parking fine , a south London council has revealed .
The driver was so shocked by what he saw , he drove into a bus lane , according to parking appeals made to Southwark Council .
Another motorist declared they were colour blind and thought the yellow line was green .
A spokesman for Southwark Council said the imagination of some motorists was " quite impressive " .
UFOs and colour blindness unfortunately do not count as legitimate reasons to overturn a ticket
Gill Davies , Southwark Council
Other reasons given to the council over the past two years have included : " It was raining .
I thought I could park anywhere if the weather was bad . "
Another driver wrote : " I do n't know what the yellow lines mean . "
And another person told the council : " I was only sleeping in the back of the car .
" The parking attendant could have asked me to move the car instead of giving me a ticket , although he would not have seen me as I had a blanket over my head . "
Gill Davies , director of environment and housing at Southwark Council , said : " The imagination of some of these drivers is quite impressive , but UFOs and colour blindness unfortunately do not count as legitimate reasons to overturn a ticket . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ashley Dupre .
Playboy photos .
Banging .
Enjoy ( NSFW ) .
** UPDATE **:
If you came here looking for the naked photos of Ashley Dupre , sorry , but Playboy emailed and said they want all of them back , ASAP , or they will crush us :
Dear Sir or Madam :
It has been brought to our attention that web pages at animalnewyork.com ( 174.143.45.129 ) display , without authorization , reproductions of images owned by Playboy Enterprises International , Inc. ( “ Playboy ” ) .
All right , title and interest in and to these images belongs to Playboy .
I believe in good faith that the disputed images displayed on animalnewyork.com ( 174.143.45.129 ) are not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent or the law .
Accordingly , please remove the unauthorized reproductions of Playboy copyrighted images on animalnewyork.com ( 174.143.45.129 ) and on all web pages under your control .
I , Mark Lee , under penalty of perjury , am authorized to act on behalf of Playboy Enterprises International , Inc. in regard to the above - mentioned unauthorized reproduction of the Playboy copyrighted images .
My contact information is as follows : Playboy Enterprises International , Inc. , 680 N. Lake Shore Drive , Chicago , Illinois 60611 , Fax 312-266-2042 , phone 312-751-8000 , E-mail address is mylee@playboy.com .
We look forward to hearing from you and resolving this matter immediately .
This letter is not intended to and shall not waive or prejudice any rights and remedies that Playboy may have at law , in equity or otherwise .
Any and all such rights and remedies are hereby expressly reserved .
PLAYBOY ENTERPRISES INTERNATIONAL , INC .
Mark Lee
IP Enforcement Assistant
cc : Ana Cashman , Esq .
cc : Rebecca Blabolil
Mark Lee
IP Enforcement Assistant
Playboy Enterprises International , Inc .
680 North Lake Shore Drive
Chicago , IL 60611
Erik Karlsson has had a pretty good run lately .
With 6 assists in his last 3 games , Karlsson has found himself third in rookie scoring amongst defencemen behind Michael Del Zotto of the New York Rangers and Tyler Myers of the Buffalo Sabres .
Now that Karlsson seems to have found his stride , it 's as good a time as any to look at how his rookie season compares to those of some of the best offensive defenders in the NHL .
Here we have a sampling of a handful of veterans known for having some offensive skill and the three top - scoring rookies this season .
Michael Del Zotto and Tyler Myers are already leaps and bounds ahead of the rookie seasons of every player listed not named Nicklas Lidstrom .
In fact , if Del Zotto and Myers both failed to register a point for the remainder of the season , they both would finish above Tomas Kaberle in points per game .
The best comparable for Erik Karlsson is Tomas Kaberle .
In his rookie season ( 1998 - 99 ) Kaberle had 4 goals and 18 assists for 22 points in 57 games , while Karlsson currently has 22 points in 55 games .
Neither one is much for scoring goals ( Kaberle ’s career high is 11 in a season ) , but instead they rack up assists on the power play .
If you ’re looking for what to expect out of Karlsson down the road , you may need to look no further than Tomas Kaberle .
Compared to Senators rookies of the past , Karlsson is already outperforming the inaugural seasons of players like Sami Salo and Wade Redden .
In 1996 - 97 , Redden scored 30 points while playing all 82 games .
Comparatively , with his current points per game average Erik Karlsson projects to 33 points over an 82 game season .
As maligned as he is now , Redden was a very good defenceman in his early years , and at his peak had 50 points in 65 games ( an average of 0.77 points / game ) .
That 's pretty good company right there .
Andrej Meszaros is an interesting case .
Currently in his fifth NHL season , Meszaros has never surpassed the points he put up in his rookie year .
His average points per game that season ?
0.48 .
Two seasons ago ( his last in Ottawa ) , it was 0.44 .
His first in Tampa Bay : 0.31 .
This season : 0.18 .
Meszaros is an example of why projections are n't foolproof , and his contract is an example of why paying for potential is risky .
Karlsson is second in team scoring amongst defencemen , with 1 point more than Chris Phillips … in 22 fewer games .
Considering all the criticism Filip Kuba has gotten this season amongst Senators fans , it 's interesting to see him atop the list in both total points and points per game .
It 'll be interesting to see how Kuba fares once he returns from injury now that Karlsson seems to have cemented his role as the first unit power play quarterback , as both players have earned 40 % of their total points while playing with the extra man .
If you look to the bottom of the list , you 'll see Brian Lee tied with matt Carkner at a paltry 0.14 points per game .
Many people thought of Lee as the answer to the need for a puck - moving defenceman and Karlsson as the answer to Lee 's inability to meet expectations , though GM Bryan Murray has been quick to comment that Lee was never supposed to be the same type of player as Karlsson .
Regardless , Karlsson 's future already looks far brighter than Lee's .
Meanwhile , poor Derek Smith has n't had much of a chance to show off his skills at the NHL level .
D. Smith does have a 0.65 point per game average in his third season in Binghamton , but his NHL future is cloudy at best .
The verdict : expect Karlsson to lead the Senators ' defence in scoring next season as he takes more ice time away from Filip Kuba .
One last sampling of Erik Karlsson against some big name players , this time by points per game pro-rated over an 82 - game schedule .
Karlsson is neck - and - neck with Pittsburgh 's Kris Letang , who just signed a four - year extension at $ 3.5 million per year .
Karlsson 's rookie season also has him putting up more points per game than Dion Phaneuf , Sami Salo , and Cam Barker .
He 's also outperforming Wade Redden ( New York Rangers edition ) , but is that really a surprise to anyone ?
Finally , just for fun , here 's how Karlsson stacks up against Calgary 's Jay Bouwmeester :
Bouwmeester may be having an off year , but Karlsson 's a rookie and Bouwmeester is a 7 - year veteran with a $ 7 million paycheque .
Karlsson 's got a higher points per game average ( 0.40 vs. 0.36 ) while playing an average of 6:00 less per game .
Karlsson 's a - 10 on a team that 's a cumulative - 10 , while Bouwmeester is +1 on a team with a cumulative + 2 .
The salary per goal , assist , and point numbers are n't useful for much other than entertainment , but note that Bouwmeester costs more than six times per each point than Karlsson .
Entry - level deal or not , Karlsson 's a bona fide discount over Bouwmeester .
He 's also surprisingly physical : 42 hits as a 5 ' 11 " rookie is pretty impressive .
Conclusion : Karlsson should have a bright future ahead of him .
He 's already an incredible passer , and once he smartens up on his shot timing his goal totals should climb .
I still think Kaberle 's the best comparable , and if that 's the case then the Senators may have finally found that elusive elite puck - mover .
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb ?
>>
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb ?
On Wed , 14 Jan 1998 , Paul Bleisch wrote : >
What are light bulbs ?
On Thu , 15 Jan 1998 , Steve Baker replied : Oh dear .
I wish people would RTFM ...
--------------------------------------------------------------------- lightbulb(1 ) lightbul b(1 ) NAME lightbulb - Convert electrons to photons SYNOPSIS lightbulb [ - wattage number ] DESCRIPTION lightbulb reads a stream of electrons from standard input and produces photons on standard output .
Thus lightbulb < 110 _volts_ac > light
The following options apply to lightbulb : - wattage Sets the rate at which electrons are converted to photons .
FILES None SEE ALSO xmas_tree_lights ( 1 ) , streetlamp ( 1 ) , led (2 ) KNOWN BUGS lightbulb is known to fail unexpectedly after some unknown number of applications .
Repeated complaints to the authors of lightbulb have failed to come up with a fix for this bug .
The only known workaround for a crashed lightbulb is re-installation from a fresh copy of the source media .
NOTES I believe M$ Windows is based on lighbulb because they share the same bug - and the same workaround .
It is important to ensure that the input stream is correctly formatted or the lightbulb may crash unexpectedly and with undefined results .
Do not attempt to apply lightbulb 's input files to other UNIX tools ( esp. ' finger ( 1 ) ' ) , however , lightbulb 's output stream is fairly compatible with most other devices .
INSTALLATION Consult a hardware engineer .
PREREQUISITES
Your operating system must support sockets and switches .
Just a few hours after the race in Australia ended ; the teams were already packing up and heading off to Malaysia for Round3 .
Sepang is a circuit that drivers love ; it has a wide range of corners from hairpins , to long straights and at last fast turns .
Thus being quite a complex track it demands drivers get a good rhythm and the car works well in all situations .
It ’s quite a technical track ; with long straights each punctuated by slow turn required aggressive braking and traction events , the slow turns eat up laptime , so the chassis needs good mechanical grip .
Most importantly the fast changes of direction through turns 5 & 6 at over 150 mph ; means the car will encounter sustained high speed cornering loads for the first time since Barcelona testing .
However being in Malaysia the track will be hot and this along with heavy race fuel will place huge loads on the tyres .
Malaysia will prove to be hard on tyres if it remains dry .
But rainstorms hit the late starting race last year and are already forecast for this weekend .
We could see the situation where a hot race turns into a very wet race , leading to a strategic headache for the teams , to respond to the changing conditions .
Recall last years race , with the torrential downpour ending the race just after half distance .
If it remains dry the teams will need to demonstrate their aero efficiency as the tyres will need downforce in the fast turns , but the track will penalise those running slower on the straights with lots of drag .
Of course in the heat , the teams need to open up the bodywork tool the engine and electronics , this costs drag and as Bahrain showed some teams needed to be quite extreme in creating sufficient outlet area to cool their car .
Otherwise Sepang is a moderate circuit ; with medium downforce , braking and fuel consumption .
Although not to the extent of Albert Park , Sepang is a green track and will rubber in as the weekend progresses .
The track will become faster over the course of the weekend , this will allow the drivers push harder in the fast turns and in the braking areas .
Bridgestone will bring their hard and soft tyre options to Sepang ; drivers will need to be mindful to care of them as the cars will work their tyres hard on full fuels loads in both the fast turns and in\out of the hairpins .
This might make the driver cautious in the opening laps , but not necessarily tin the hectic first couple of corners .
Once the tyres are settled in , the track does offer overtaking opportunities , especially to those with a straight - line speed advantage or those brave into turn1 .
Development - wise Australia was a surprise with several new parts tested up and down the grid .
Malaysia should prove to be a similarly interesting event , several teams are rushing their F - vents into production , so it ’s possible we might see other teams test their early prototypes of the set up .
Only Renault and the new teams are expected not to develop such systems in the next few races .
Certainly there will be another debate on ride height adjustment , this was raised in Melbourne and continues through the media in the intervening week .
The argument is that some teams are able to alter their ride height in between qualifying and the race .
Doing this within what is permissible within the Parc Fermé rules .
Just as with the F - vent , the rules are worded to try to prevent this sort of practice , but the actual wording might allow some creative interpretation .
What is clear the teams will have to resort to form of hands off altering of ride height .
They are not permitted to make mechanical changes or adjustments to the suspension , until the car is stationery at the first pitstop .
If teams are running these systems , we can expect other teams to formally protest it and the FIA be more decisive and act to prevent it continuing .
Team by Team
McLaren
After a mixed weekend in Albert Park , where Buttons was confidence refreshed with a strong Q performance and of course a race win , but Hamilton showed their qualifying performance is still a problem .
A good grid slot for both cars will be important this weekend , as this has been a weak point for the MP4 \ 25 .
This might be down to the way the car is set up over the weekend .
It seems that Australia reinforced the level of straight - line speed advantage promised in Bahrain .
Although Bahrain proved that the car was matched on VMax by other cars .
Looking at the Australian speed traps , the McLaren ’s were a step faster than these teams and a lot more rapid than the Ferrari but especially quicker than the Red Bulls .
McLaren averaging around 192mph and Red Bull 183 mph , nearly a 10 mph advantage .
However this equates to easier overtaking in the race , but McLaren could offset more of that advantage with adding more downforce to get a better qualifying time .
Although Sepang has its long straight and if McLaren continue to focus on the straight - line speed advantage given by their powerful engine and f-duct , they might struggle in the fast corners .
Equally we have seen the McLaren uses its tyres and brakes quite heavily , again Malaysia will not reward a car harsh on these , especially in the opening laps when the driver needs to take care and not race off for the car immediately ahead of it .
Mercedes
It seems the team are still working towards better pace .
Melbourne saw the team make more steps forward in set up , but I expect new parts are required to get the W01 working .
Despite the urgent need , the team have n’t announced major updates for this race .
Instead the diligent work to get what they have working better over a lap and balanced between qualifying \race will be their focus .
Something the two drivers appear to be working very well together in doing .
Although not challenging the leading three teams for lap time , at least the car has been reliable and getting to the finish and in the points , leading several of their rivals in the championship , will help offset the cars lack of pace at this point in the year .
Red Bull
Australia proved to underline the pace that the RB6 has around a lap .
Increasing comments from other drivers about the cars balance and grip show the car has an advantage over its rivals .
Red Bull seems to have more downforce than other teams and this has lead to its speed .
However this does not come for free , Red Bull were the slowest through the Melbourne speed traps .
It might be that the team are protecting their tyres with an excess of downforce , at tracks without long straight and a flat aero map , they can get away with this .
In Malaysia with the importance of the long straights , their high downforce approach might not pay off so well .
Still , there ’s is no reason not to expect Red bull to take pole and race win in Sepang .
Also the teams other issue , despite their denials is their reliability .
Although clearly not a single intrinsic fault with the car , the team have failed to finish three time out of four , twice with a problem leading directly to the loss of a win .
It may not be a cause for concern for the team , but points are being racked up by their rivals at point when Red Bull could be dominant .
Ferrari
Proving to be the most consistent and reliable team so far , the F10 has yet to excite with Red Bull beating pace .
Small changes to the front wing for Albert Park were a step forwards , but the team much rumoured major update is due for the European season .
This step will need to be a greater gain than their rivals find in the mean time , if the team are to compete .
The period spent waiting sees their rivals develop their car at each race .
Malaysia should again see Ferrari competitive , their Barcelona testing on long runs were fast and without the tyre degradation suffered by others , but its doubtful they have the cornering potential , to that of Red Bull to really set fast lap times .
Renault
Renault have so far proven to be best of the rest with two races with strong results , underlining their inherent pace .
We can point to the two recent upgrades t the car that have resulted the teams position relative to their midfield rivals .
As more detail emerged of the R30 , with its complex diffuser treatment and ever more intricate front wing development .
There are further developments planned for this weekend .
What initially looked like an under developed car is turning into a much more serious contender .
Regardless of these performances the team are cautious about their pace in Sepang , feeling that they lack downforce .
Malaysia will be a true test to see if the car has got the potential to lead the midfield pack .
Williams
Points for one car in Australia were welcome reward for Williams , Having one car punted off the track was not .
Still the team have not shown the promise in the car , being very much middle of the midfield after two races .
Technical director Sam Michael is pointing to the next few races as a period of focused development .
Three areas have been cited ; naturally the cars the aerodynamic , but interestingly the engine and gearshift .
It might be the case the lack of pace for Williams could be the loss of Toyota power and the shift to the Cosworth engine .
Having stepped aside from developing their F1 engine , other engine suppliers have worked through many iterations of their engine to bring the maximum possible performance within the limits of the regulations .
Cosworth may have some catching up to do .
Sauber
Their promise shown in testing is ebbing away , the team still head the design race as the second team with an F - duct , but they have failed to deliver strong performances .
Track time and a race result were lost in Australia with the front wing problems .
Not strictly wing failures as the wings had been damaged on the preceding corners in both cases ; the team will run with a reinforced front wing in Sepang .
They have also confirmed their testing the F - duct again , but it might be a few more races before its race ready .
Other aero development is going on at Sauber with new bargeboards in Melbourne , so we might see resurgence over the coming races .
Toro Rosso
Some promise was shown in qualifying for Buemi in Melbourne , but then being taken out in the Kobayashi incident was a disappointment .
As was the other car failing to progress for most of the race , when points could have been taken in the disrupted race .
Sepang offers no great glimmers of promise , but the 2009 RB5 based cars pace around the more technical track should set it apart from the new teams .
Force India
Joining Renault as the leaders of the midfield , one car continued to get into Q3 and there were also positive race performances .
The Australian race retirement was a missed opportunity for the otherwise reliable Mercedes powered team .
Lots of development is evident with new parts at each race and an f -duct in the pipeline or should that be in the ductwork ?.
This should aid what is already one of the fastest straight - line cars , by allowing the team to run more rear wing for greater downforce , without giving up their speed advantage .
Also aiding the team at last , is a front wing adjuster .
This made its debut over a year later than other teams .
Legally allowing the driver to adjust the front wing by 6 - degrees each lap , the driver can now tailor the cars handling to the tyres and lessening fuel load .
Malaysia should be a good race for the team , as long as the heat does n’t ruin their aero ; they were conspicuous in Bahrain as having a lot of openings in their sidepods .
Lotus
With its Malaysian owners Sepang will bring a lot of pressure on the team .
Especially after the disappointment of the non-start for one car in Australia .
Lotus are working hard to get a good race car together , the team may not always have the pace of the Virgin , but as a package its outperformed all the other new teams .
Sepang will be quite a test for the short & nimble t127 .
To aid stability we can expect a return of the shark fin engine cover once more .
As with all the new teams they are short of downforce , which will hurt them in the fast turns .
Virgin
Problems with manufacturing parts lead to the teams early season hydraulic woes , a new team with lots of parts to be made many out of house , this will Quality Control nightmare .
Revised parts for Malaysia should solve these problems , once and for all .
Also already well discussed is the fuel tank issue , so Wirth Research has their work list full for several months .
Hopefully the QA improvements and new chassis development can run parallel to the performance upgrades .
At Sepang their cars need a clean weekend , without loss of track time and both going all the way to the finish .
No doubt fighting with Lotus all
Hispania
Qualifying less than half a second behind the Virgins and a race finish should be seen as a strong result for the Hispania team in Australia .
Always taking care to avoid the leader when being lapped obviously cost Chandock lot of time , as he was four laps down at the end two more than the lotus .
More steady progress over the next two race weekends should see Hispania arrive in Europe with some confidence that they can start to develop their car .
Follow me on twitter http://scarbsf1.twitter.com
After several years of freelancing for clients such as Deutsche Telekom , MetaDesign or the Global Fund , I joined UX design firm MING Labs in 2012 .
Here I was responsible for setting up and running design teams in two offices – first in Berlin , where we grew from zero to 20 people in less than three years , and since 2015 in Singapore .
In 2018 I 've decided to take on a new career challenge and move back to Berlin , taking some time off and using the slow overland route across China , Central Asia and Russia .
Back in Berlin , I now work at Mobimeo , a corporate venture of Deutsche Bahn with the mission to shape the future of urban mobility .
Throughout my career , I ’ve been working with clients from small startups to large - scale organisations in a variety of industries such as telecom , logistics , urban planning and manufacturing .
My experience in both design and development allows me to effectively manage design teams , communicate between project stakeholders and design solutions to complex business problems .
If you want to know more about me , check out my projects and writings , read my bio or follow my rather infrequent outbursts on Twitter .
Apart from that , I ’m always up for a coffee – just drop me a line !
After several years of freelancing for clients such as Deutsche Telekom , MetaDesign or the Global Fund , I joined UX design firm MING Labs in 2012 .
Here I was responsible for setting up and running design teams in two offices – first in Berlin , where we grew from zero to 20 people in less than three years , and since 2015 in Singapore .
In 2018 I 've decided to take on a new career challenge and move back to Berlin , taking some time off and using the slow overland route across China , Central Asia and Russia .
Back in Berlin , I now work at Mobimeo , a corporate venture of Deutsche Bahn with the mission to shape the future of urban mobility .
Throughout my career , I ’ve been working with clients from small startups to large - scale organisations in a variety of industries such as telecom , logistics , urban planning and manufacturing .
My experience in both design and development allows me to effectively manage design teams , communicate between project stakeholders and design solutions to complex business problems .
If you want to know more about me , check out my projects and writings , read my bio or follow my rather infrequent outbursts on Twitter .
Apart from that , I ’m always up for a coffee – just drop me a line !
After several years of freelancing for clients such as Deutsche Telekom , MetaDesign or the Global Fund , I joined UX design firm MING Labs in 2012 .
Here I was responsible for setting up and running design teams in two offices – first in Berlin , where we grew from zero to 25 people in less than three years , and since 2015 in Singapore .
In 2018 I 've decided to take on a new career challenge and move back to Berlin – right now I am literally on the road to Germany , taking some time off and using the slow overland route across China , Central Asia and Russia .
I 'm planning to arrive in Berlin in mid May .
Back in Berlin , I now work at Mobimeo , a corporate venture of Deutsche Bahn with the mission to shape the future of urban mobility .
Throughout my career , I ’ve been working with clients from small startups to large - scale organisations in a variety of industries such as telecom , logistics , urban planning and manufacturing .
My experience in both design and development allows me to effectively manage design teams , communicate between project stakeholders and design solutions to complex business problems .
If you want to know more about me , check out my projects and writings , read my bio or follow my rather infrequent outbursts on Twitter .
Apart from that , I ’m always up for a coffee – just drop me a line !
After several years of freelancing for clients such as Deutsche Telekom , MetaDesign or the Global Fund , I joined UX design firm MING Labs in 2012 .
Here I was responsible for setting up and running design teams in two offices – first in Berlin , where we grew from zero to 25 people in less than three years , and since 2015 in Singapore .
In 2018 I 've decided to take on a new career challenge and move back to Berlin , taking some time off and using the slow overland route across China , Central Asia and Russia .
Back in Berlin , I now work at Mobimeo , a corporate venture of Deutsche Bahn with the mission to shape the future of urban mobility .
Throughout my career , I ’ve been working with clients from small startups to large - scale organisations in a variety of industries such as telecom , logistics , urban planning and manufacturing .
My experience in both design and development allows me to effectively manage design teams , communicate between project stakeholders and design solutions to complex business problems .
If you want to know more about me , check out my projects and writings , read my bio or follow my rather infrequent outbursts on Twitter .
Apart from that , I ’m always up for a coffee – just drop me a line !
National Geographic offers a variety of ways to improve your photography skills with the guidance of a National Geographic photographer .
All of our photography programs are designed for amateur photographers of all levels interested in improving their skills .
On our photography expeditions you 'll learn tips and techniques while exploring picturesque places with a National Geographic photographer .
Also , all voyages aboard the National Geographic fleet are accompanied by a certified photo instructor ; and a National Geographic photographer joins every expedition aboard the National Geographic Endurance , National Geographic Explorer and National Geographic Orion , as well as each of our private jet trips and European river cruises .
If you 're squeezed for information ,
that 's when you 've got to play it dumb
You just say you 're out there waiting
for the miracle , for the miracle to come
— Leonard Cohen , Waiting For the Miracle
Humankind has reached a fork in the road .
The business - as - usual path implies robust economic growth with a rise in the carbon dioxide emissions that contribute to anthropogenic climate change .
The other path , whatever its actual form turns out to be , shuns business - as - usual in an attempt stabilize greenhouse gas levels ( mainly carbon dioxide CO 2 ) in the Earth 's atmosphere ( e.g. at 450 ppmv , parts - per- million - by - volume ) to avoid catastrophic warming ( e.g. > 2 °C ) .
Considered alternatives invariably lay out a vision of the future in which emissions steadily decline while economies continue to grow .
Is such a vision realistic ?
This essay questions standard assumptions underlying this " have your cake and eat it too " view .
1. The Economy / Climate Dilemma
The Energy Information Agency 's special October supplement to its monthly Short - Term Outlook projected carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions in the United States in 2009 to fall 5.9 % compared to the previous year 's levels .
The December STEO report revised the figure upward to 6.1 % .
Based on the EIA data , Reuters ' Recession puts U.S. halfway to emissions goal calculated that 2009 U.S. emissions were a whopping 8.9 % below 2005 levels .
Obama is expected to pledge next week at a U.N. climate meeting in Copenhagen that the United States will cut output of gases blamed for warming the planet , including carbon dioxide , roughly 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 .
On Tuesday the Energy Information Administration said in a monthly outlook that U.S. carbon dioxide output in 2009 will fall about 6.1 percent to 5.45 billion tonnes as the recession cuts demand for coal used to generate electricity .
That was about 8.9 percent below the 2005 level of 5.98 billion tonnes , putting the U.S. on track , at least for now , to reach Obama 's goal .
The International Energy Agency 's 2009 World Energy Outlook estimated that globally , CO2 emissions fell 3 % in 2009 compared with the previous year .
One might have thought that global warming activists would be jumping for joy , but the news brought no rejoicing .
The reason for their reticence was not hard to find .
From Reuters again —
" Losing weight by starving is different than shedding pounds through exercise , " said Kevin Book , an analyst at ClearView Energy Partners , LLC .
He said as the economy recovers electricity demand should rise , pushing up emissions from that sector .
That will require the world 's second largest emitter of greenhouse gases after China to move faster to low - carbon sources like renewable energy if Obama 's short - term goal is to be met , he said .
While it is debatable how soon prosperity will return to the United States , the corrective to anthropogenic climate change seems abundantly clear : shrink the economy .
This solution is both politically and socially unacceptable .
It is even unthinkable .
This passage from the Nature opinion piece
Let the global technology race begin by Isabel Galiana and Christopher Green introduces some key concepts while also hinting at why the assumption of future global economic growth can not be questioned .
To describe the required trade - offs of any climate policy , analysts use the Kaya identity
C = P × ( GDP / P ) × ( E / GDP ) × ( C/E ) which relates carbon emissions , C , to its four driving factors : population ( P ) ; per capita gross domestic product ( GDP/P ) ; energy intensity of the economy ( E / GDP ) ; and emissions per unit of energy ( C/E ) .
Conventional climate policy considers only the emissions , C , and the political will needed to achieve reductions , but ignores the driving factors .
Policy - makers are understandably reluctant to use population or economic growth to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions ; hence policy should focus on the technological drivers .
A useful way of looking at these is by combining E/ GDP and C/E to yield the economy 's carbon intensity ( C / GDP ) .
In recent decades , although global GDP has grown at about 3 % per year and global carbon intensity has declined by about 1.4 % per year , emissions have grown well in excess of 1 % per year .
In view of this , the proposal by the Group of 8 rich nations ( G8 ) to cut global emissions in half by 2050 , consistent with limiting global long - term temperature increase to 2 °C — and to do this without slowing economic development — would require a tripling of the average annual rate of decline in carbon intensity for the next 40 years .
This accelerated decline in carbon intensity requires a revolution in energy technology that has not yet started .
[ My note : The 1.4 % annual decline of global carbon intensity is belied by current data as I explain below . ]
It is simply not an option to " use ... economic growth " to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions .
Thus , the solution must lie a " revolution in energy technology that has not yet started . "
The Kaya variable per capita gross domestic product ( GDP /P ) must and is expected to grow .
The option of manipulating this variable is off the table .
Similar observations apply to the population variable P , as Galiana and Green note above .
Indeed , the effects of the " Great " recession have been quite severe , underscoring the " reluctance " of policy - makers to put the brakes on economic growth to mitigate climate change .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , " official " unemployment is 10 % as of this writing , but the broader U6 measure shows that total unemployment and under - employment is 17.3 % .
Even this number does not reflect all those who have dropped out of the labor force due to the impossibility of finding work .
It is no wonder that politicians refuse to tell voters that jobs growth will not be possible now because of the necessity of fending off warming whose worst effects are likely some decades away .
In 2006 , primary energy from fossil fuels ( oil , natural gas & coal ) made up 85 % of total energy consumed in the United States ( Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 — The primary energy mix in the United States in 2006 , as cited in the National Academy of Sciences report
What you need to know about energy ( 2009 ) .
Wind and solar energy made up 0.4 % of primary energy consumption in the United States in 2006 .
With such a small contribution from so - called " renewable " sources , which make up 7 % of the total , and with most of that ( 5 % of the total ) coming from resource - constrained supplies of wood to burn and water to dam , the carbon intensity ( C / GDP ) of the American economy , which has been falling steadily since 1980 , is still very high .
This EIA data indicates that in 1980 , U.S. carbon intensity was 917 metric tons of CO2 per 1 million ( chained ) 2000 US dollars .
By 2007 , carbon intensity had dropped to 520 metric tons per million 2000 dollars .
Although the carbon intensity decrease provided reason for optimism to many observers , total CO2 emissions in the United States increased from 4,780.831 million metric tons in 1980 to 6,003.263 in 2007 ( EIA data ) .
The overall increase was due to the economic growth that took place during those years , and occurred despite efficiency ( energy intensity E / GDP ) gains during the period .
Our historical inability to constrain emissions growth defines the economy / climate dilemma , not only for the United States but globally as well .
Figure 2 from the IEA 's 2009 WEO gives us some sense of just how daunting it will be to support future economic growth while reducing emissions to the levels required in a 450 ppmv scenario .
Figure 2 — Source : IEA 's 2009 World Energy Outlook .
As the IEA 's caption notes , global economic growth ( in real terms ) is assumed to be 2.7 % per year after 2030 .
The historic reversal required to both keep the global economy growing and reduce CO2 emissions to the required levels is simply breathtaking .
It does not seem possible .
If it is not , something has to give .
I believe that when push comes to shove , and it has been demonstrated beyond any reasonable doubt that humanity can not grow the economy while reducing the carbon intensity of that growth to the extent required for a 450 scenario , it will not be economic growth which will be sacrificed .
Thus I shall argue here that humanity seems to have backed itself into a corner from which there is no escape .
2. The Radical Hypothesis
In an earlier article The Radical Hypothesis , I explored the plausibility of whether economic growth can continue in the 21st century under conditions where CO 2 emissions — a proxy for fossil fuel consumption — are falling ( Figure 1 ) .
The world experienced phenomenal economic growth in the 20th century , but history suggests that the concomitant rise in emissions was a necessary condition of that growth .
The rule is expressed in ( 1 ) & ( 2 ) .
(1) If the economy is growing , then anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are growing
It follows that —
(2) If anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are not growing , the economy is in recession
Figure 3 — A conceptual depiction of the Radical Hypothesis .
Economic growth ( dotted line ) has always been accompanied by growth in CO 2 emissions ( black line ) .
Emissions are a proxy for fossil fuels consumption .
At a future inflection point , emissions begin to decline as economic growth continues .
A third alternative , a reduction in the carbon intensity ( C / GDP ) of economic growth , is also shown ( dashed line ) .
In this case , economic and emissions growth are still tightly linked ; only the rate ( slope ) of positive emissions growth has changed .
Compare Figure 2 above .
Thus the Radical Hypothesis rejects the requirement that growing emissions from fossil fuels have been a necessary condition for economic growth , and might be stated as in ( 3 ) .
(3) The economy is growing but anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are shrinking
This view contradicts our historical experience as stated in rules ( 1 ) & ( 2 ) above and illustrated in Figure 4 below .
Figure 4 — CO 2 emissions in the United States since 1980 ( based on the EIA data cited above ) compared with recessions ( gray bars ) .
Recessions are defined according to the widely recognized National Bureau of Economic Research business cycle data .
The tendency for emissions to decline during recessions is most pronounced during the severe dual recession in the 1980's and the current " Great " recession .
Interestingly , emission declines continued between the recessions in the early 1980s , and started to decline before the short - lived recessions of 1991 - 1992 and 2001 , which implies that economic activity had slowed before the NBER officially recognized this condition .
This phenomenon requires more study , but otherwise the historical pattern does not contradict Rule ( 2 ) — if anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are not growing , the economy is in recession .
On longer time scales , the overall historical trend is absolutely clear as shown in Figure 2 .
If the Radical Hypothesis is false , meaning rising anthropogenic emissions can not be unlinked from economic growth , what outcome might we expect ?
There is a very wide range of bad outcomes for future consumption of fossil fuels in the SRES climate scenarios .
The worst case is called business - as - usual ( BAU ) , but less carbon - intensive paths are also possible .
Outcomes are shown conceptually in Figure 5 .
Figure 5 — A truncated range of SRES outcomes if the Radical Hypothesis is false ( i.e. there is no inflection point as in Figure 3 . )
The CO 2 emissions curve ( black line ) illustrates a worst - case business - as - usual scenario for anthropogenic emissions .
The dashed line illustrates a less carbon - intensive scenario in which the rate of positive emissions growth declines as in Figure 3 above .
The Radical Hypothesis consensus rests upon assumption ( 4 ) ( and more humorously , Figure 6 ) .
I call ( 4 ) the Assumption of Technological Progress ( ATP )
(4) Technological progress marches on .
Improvements are always sufficient to meet the requirements of economic expansion , or drive that expansion .
These improvements include , most importantly , civilization 's need for energy to fuel growth .
For example , net energy returns on investment ( EROI ) for currently inefficient processes ( e.g. biomass to cellulosic ethanol conversions ) do not matter because they are based on current science & technology .
Figure 6 — The Assumption of Technological Progress .
Source .
The ATP is ubiquitous .
Successful climate mitigation scenarios appeal to it directly , but so do business - as - usual scenarios .
Perhaps the only meaningful difference between these cases is the degree of technological progress which is assumed .
This is true in so far as the Radical Hypothesis seems to require far greater innovation than business - as - usual , which is itself problematic when we view resource depletion ( e.g. for conventional crude oil ) through the lens of current science & technology .
In BAU scenarios , the assumption is that technological progress will improve the efficiency of current Coal - To - Liquids ( CTL ) technology , or extraction efficiency in other areas ( e.g. for tar sands oil , in conventional oil extraction , in biomass to liquids conversions , or in the production of liquid fuels from oil shales ) .
At the inflection point and “ forever " after in the Radical ( conventional ) view , technological improvements permit the decoupling of economic growth from fossil fuels consumption .
For example , wind or solar will replace coal , biofuels or electric vehicles will replace oil , and so on .
Most importantly , if many or all these improvements should fail to materialize , the ATP still guarantees that something will turn up that permits economic growth to continue indefinitely .
In so far as the assumption of economic growth is unassailable , it follows that the Assumption of Technological Progress it rests upon also can not be questioned .
I criticized this deeply flawed assumption in The Secretary of Synthetic Biology , where I examined the possibilities for success ( unanticipated breakthroughs ) in Energy Secretary Steven Chu 's quest to create " 4th generation " biofuels .
Galiana and Green made the Assumption of Technological Progress explicit in their Nature opinion piece —
Can a technology - led approach avoid dangerous climate change ?
We proposed such a policy as part of the 2009 Copenhagen Consensus on Climate , in which a panel of leading economists ranked 15 policy responses to global warming .
Our analyses show that cumulative emissions consistent with minimizing the rise in global temperature ( climate stabilization ) can be achieved by investing US $ 100 billion a year for the rest of the century in global energy R&D , testing , demonstration and infrastructure .
It is entirely proper for us to ask exactly how throwing $ 100 billion a year at the climate mitigation problem amounts to a guarantee , as if by fiat , that the required miracles will occur .
As Kenneth Boulding pointed out in 1980 —
There is a nonexistence theorem about prediction in this area , in the sense that if we could predict what we are going to know at some time in the future , we would not have to wait , for we would know it now .
It is not surprising , therefore , that the great technical changes have never been anticipated , neither the development of oil and gas , nor the automobile , nor the computer .
[ My note : This is also quoted in The Secretary of Synthetic Biology cited above . ]
This is not to say we will not achieve any important breakthroughs , for some miracles may indeed occur .
And the yearly $ 100 billion should be invested , for otherwise our chances — whatever they are , if they are not zero — will surely be diminished .
Beyond this , there is only handwaving .
3. The Technology Paradox
It is not surprising that the Assumption of Technological Progress gives rise to a paradox : if technological progress is guaranteed ( i.e. comes " for free " ) , we need not try very hard to make technological progress happen !
This completes the circle of inaction that we witnessed most recently at Copenhagen , where no binding CO 2 reduction targets were specified .
So , while the assumption of technological progress ( and concomitant economic growth ) has fueled hope among those who believe climate mitigation is possible , it has also retarded efforts to actually make progress in addressing the problem .
Dangerous Assumptions , a Nature commentary by climate researchers Roger Pielke Jr. , Tom Wigley and Christopher Green , argues that " the technological advances needed to stabilize carbon dioxide emissions may be greater than we think . "
These researchers point out that much of the technological change required to meet emissions targets is expected to occur spontaneously over time —
Here we show that two thirds or more of all the energy efficiency improvements and decarbonization of energy supply required to stabilize greenhouse gases is already built into the IPCC reference scenarios .
This is because the scenarios assume a certain amount of spontaneous technological change and related decarbonization .
Thus , the IPCC implicitly assumes that the bulk of the challenge of reducing future emissions will occur in the absence of climate policies .
We believe that these assumptions are optimistic at best and unachievable at worst , potentially seriously underestimating the scale of the technological challenge associated with stabilizing greenhouse - gas concentrations ...
In the Working Group III report [ for the 2007 Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) ] , the IPCC observes that “ there is a significant technological change and diffusion of new and advanced technologies already assumed in the baselines ”
But how much is “ significant ” ?
The median of the reference scenarios considered by the IPCC AR4 ( righthand bar , Fig. 1 ) , requires 2,011 gigatonnes of carbon in cumulative emissions reductions to stabilize atmospheric carbon - dioxide concentrations at around 500 parts per million ( the blue and red portions of the AR4 bar ) .
This [ median ] scenario also assumes that 77 % of this reduction ( the blue portion ) occurs spontaneously , while the remaining 23 % ( the red portion ) would require explicit policies focused on decarbonization .
These assumptions are robust across the scenarios used by the IPCC ...
[ My note : See the article ( linked above ) to view Figure 1 alluded to in the quoted text . ]
To make matters worse , Pielke and the others further point out that the rate of decarbonization is lagging behind that assumed in SRES forecasts ( Figure 7 ) .
Figure 7 — Decarbonization discrepancies .
Implied rates of carbon - and energy - intensity decline from the 2000 Special Report on Emission Scenarios , showing six illustrative scenarios .
The red marker indicates actual observations ( 2000 –2005 ) based on global economic growth calculated using market exchange rates . "
From the article : " All scenarios predict decreases in energy intensity , and in most cases carbon intensity , during 2000 to 2010 .
But in recent years , global energy intensity and carbon intensity have both increased , reversing the trend of previous decades ... "
The authors then go on to state the obvious : robust economic growth in emerging markets , especially China , India and the rest of South Asia , is leading to very large emissions increases , and this trend is likely to continue for quite some time .
They conclude that —
... the IPCC is playing a risky game in assuming that spontaneous advances in technological innovation will carry most of the burden of achieving future emissions reductions , rather than focusing on creating the conditions for such innovations to occur .
Dangerous assumptions , indeed !
The increasingly obvious risks of inaction arise directly from the Assumption of Technological Progress itself .
Worst yet , recent emissions trends appear to falsify this assumption , although the climate researchers do not go this far in criticizing current policy — their sole emphasis remains on using technological innovation to reduce carbon intensity .
The economic variable in the Kaya Identity remains off the table .
That future economic growth is taken for granted is most evident in the discounting economists apply to investments made now to mitigate climate ( or do anything else ) .
I covered this material at length in my original Radical Hypothesis article , so I will be brief here .
Human beings discount the future , whereby “ society places a lower value on a future gain or loss than on the same gain or loss occurring now . ”
And so do economists because —
If people ’s preferences count and if people prefer now to the future , those preferences must be integrated into social policy formulation .
Time - discounting is thus universal in economic analysis , but it remains , as it always has , controversial .
It seems self - evident that people prefer now to the future .
Given this axiom of Human Nature , discounting is based upon the further assumption that future generations will be wealthier than the current generation .
You will be hard - pressed to find a climate scenario in which economic growth does not continue , even taking in the worst effects of climate change itself on our future prosperity ( e.g. even if Lower Manhattan were a few feet underwater ) .
The discount rate assumed makes an enormous difference to the " future value " of investments made now to stabilize and subsequently decrease CO 2 levels in the atmosphere .
In 2005 the British Government asked Sir Nicholas Stern to review the economics of climate change .
The end result of Gordon Brown ’s request was the Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change published in late 2006 .
Stern used a very low discount rate of 1.4 % , based on his assumption that future economic growth would be 1.3 % / year .
So , one trillion dollars invested now would still be worth $ 497 billion 50 years from now , a substantial sum .
In part , Stern 's discount rate was based on his assumption that inaction on climate change will severely damage the world economy .
The economic model used in the Stern Review finds that the damages from business as usual would be expected to reduce GDP by 5 % based on market impacts alone , or 11 % including a rough estimate for the value of health and environmental effects that do not have market prices ( “ externalities , ” in the jargon of economics ) .
If the sensitivity of climate to CO 2 levels turns out to be higher than the baseline estimates , these losses could rise to 7 % and more than 14 % , respectively ...
Stern speculates that an adjustment for equity weighting , reflecting the fact that the impacts will fall most heavily on poor countries , could lead to losses valued at 20 % of global GDP .
These figures are substantially greater than the comparable estimates from most economists .
Representing most economists , Yale 's William Nordhaus suggests using a much higher discount rate .
Nordhaus assumes that future generations will be much richer than Stern does .
Nordhaus ' higher discount rate is based on his assumption of a " real return on [ human capital ] of 6 per cent per year , " meaning our trillion dollar present investment will only be worth $ 50 billion 50 years from now .
Discounting is justified by continuing economic growth , which itself rests upon " spontaneous " technological progress in the future .
Our descendants will be much wealthier than we are in large part because they will have much better technology .
In the argument among economists , Nordhaus believes that future technology will be much more efficacious than Stern does .
For climate , we can imagine that obstacles and inefficiencies associated with carbon capture & sequestration will have been worked out , or technologies will exist that allow us to easily remove CO 2 ( or any other greenhouse gas ) directly out of the atmosphere .
Or there will be other breakthroughs we can not imagine given our impoverished knowledge of miracles to come .
In the end , high discount rates applied under standard , incontrovertible economic assumptions about future growth discourage making large technology investments now to stabilize CO2 levels in the atmosphere .
The notion that things will simply take care of themselves is thus self - defeating .
More importantly , reducing the size of our economy to reduce emissions remains forbidden , despite the fact that technological innovation has failed up to the present to achieve the required decreases in carbon intensity .
In so far as every passing year puts us deeper in the climate hole , our flawed reasoning is persuading us to keep on digging .
4. Is Business As Usual Likely In a Peak Oil Scenario ?
Carbon intensity is seen as falling in the 21st century for the following reasons :
Voluntary ( policy - led ) efforts that discourage demand for fossil fuels ( through a carbon tax ) or cap emissions ( e.g. through the proposed Waxman - Market cap & trade legislation in the U.S. )
So -called " spontaneous " technological innovations that enable decarbonization over time
There is also a less widely acknowledged possibility :
Depletion of recoverable fossil fuels , particularly in conventional crude oil , combined with " above - ground " ( e.g. geopolitical ) factors which leads to irreversible declines in production or an inability to increase production flows beyond some ceiling ( the rate , measured in million barrels - per-day )
This last consideration describes a " peak oil " scenario in which oil production can not grow sometime in the near to medium term , say by 2015 .
I do not intend to argue for or against such a scenario here .
The interesting question here is whether global GDP can continue to grow in the absence of a growing oil supply .
I initially wrote about this question in Is Business As Usual Likely In A Peak Oil Scenario ?
Some of that material is included below .
The relationship between global economic growth and increased oil demand is straightforward ( Figure 8 ) .
Figure 8 — Taken from an IEA overview of their 2009 Medium - Term Oil Market Report ( MTOMR ) .
Oil consumption ( and thus emissions from oil ) follows Rule ( 2 ) as specified above — if anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are not growing , the economy is in recession .
Any historical chart covering the 20th century up to the present would show the same relationship .
In the high growth case , the IEA expects oil demand to rise approximately 1.4 % in each year in which global GDP grows between 4 and 5 % , so the oil intensity ratio Oil / GDP is approximately 0.31 at present .
The IEA 's projections for future demand assume that oil intensity will continue to decline following the historical trend described in the 2009 MTOMR .
A " peak oil " scenario would effectively cap oil production rates , implying that the global economy could no longer grow , given its current oil intensity , once demand exceeds supply .
In the low growth case , implied oil demand growth would likely remain below a potential ceiling on oil production during the forecast period in Figure 8 .
The peak of world oil production will presumably cause large crude oil price spikes in the future .
Such spikes are called “ oil shocks ” by economists .
Historical experience strongly suggests that oil shocks are a major cause ( among other things ) of recessions ( Figure 9 ) .
Figure 9 — Nominal and inflation - adjusted crude oil prices 1970 - 2009 , taken from Steven Kopits ’ Oil : What Price Can America Afford ?
Oil shocks precede and are a major cause of recessions .
The latest example is the price shock of 2007 - 2008 in which the oil price rose sharply in 2007 just before the " Great " recession that began in December of that year .
Prices continued to rise thereafter , finally hitting a nominal high of $ 147 / barrel in July , 2008 .
The literature on the connection between oil shocks and recessions is large , and the results connecting such shocks with recessions are robust .
Economist James Hamilton of the University of California ( San Diego ) , who recently testified before Congress , is an expert on the link between oil prices and recessions .
Read Hamilton ’s Causes and Consequences of the Oil Shock of 2007 - 08 ( 2009 ) and Oil and the Macroeconomy ( 2005 ) .
Climate researchers almost invariably reject the possibility of a " peak oil " scenario , but should such an event come to pass , they further assume that technological innovation will enable the production of enough unconventional liquids from fossil fuels ( e.g. coal - to - liquids , oil shale or oil sands ) to " fill the oil emissions gap " shown in Figure 10 .
Just - in - time substitutes for oil permit business - as - usual to continue , which implies no significant interruption to economic growth .
Figure 10 — A worst case business - as - usual scenario is assumed to be possible even should oil production peak & decline over time .
A " peak oil " scenario reduces emissions over time ( dashed line ) if liquid fuel substitutes are not available to take up the slack .
Technological progress " fills the gap " by enabling other sources of liquid fuels .
In the " peak oil " case , historical experience suggests a scenario like the following —
business - as - usual means economies & emissions grow without limit , BUT oil price shocks occur when demand outstrips supply ceteris paribus , oil price shocks appear to trigger recessions recessions reduce fossil fuel demand across the board , which further reduces CO 2 emissions , as we 've seen in 2008 - 2009 .
In so far as the historical data suggests that growing anthropogenic emissions are a necessary condition for economic growth , we are not entitled to conclude that business as usual will continue in a " peak oil " scenario .
The SRES outcomes generally assume there are no near - term limits on recoverable fossil fuel resources .
This assumption supports BAU scenarios ( Figure 11 ) .
Figure 11 — Oil production in two SRES cases and actual ( black line ) , augmented by a " peak oil " scenario ( gray line ) .
Even in a relatively " low emissions " scenario such as B1 Image ( blue line ) , oil production continues to rise until about 2040 .
The A2 ASF scenario more resembles BAU .
In this case , oil production reaches a very high peak in the 2020s and declines thereafter .
Growth in oil production has fallen short of these SRES forecasts in both cases .
Although a " peak oil " scenario implicitly posits an early limit on ( easily ) recoverable conventional oil reserves , I do not want to argue about fossil fuel resources here .
The real problem arises in the assumption of continuing economic growth under such a scenario .
Climate researcher Ken Caldeira ’s remarks at the 2008 American Geophysical Union meeting ( Scientific American , December 18 , 2008 ) illustrate the problem .
Caldeira reported on recent forecasts of how the climate would respond if the world completely stopped using oil today .
In the one case , it is replaced with coal - based liquid fuels and in the other with renewable resources , such as wind , solar , or nuclear power .
The results are clear , Caldeira said .
If liquefied coal powered the world ’s vehicles … the Earth would warm 2 º Celsius ( 3.6 º Fahrenheit ) by 2042 , three years sooner than if society continued to use oil .
If , however , society replaces oil with renewable energy , that 2 º C rise would occur in 2056 , 11 years later than with oil .
The reality , Caldeira said , is that we will never run out of oil .
As it becomes scarcer and more expensive to extract , industry will switch to other fuels for economic reasons .
The danger is that coal will likely appear to be the cheapest alternative .
So rather than view peak oil as a climate savior , he said , those scientists , engineers and economists should see the end of oil as a “ new challenge ” to efforts to cut carbon dioxide emissions .
[ My note :
An important consideration , which I will not pursue here , is how little bang for the buck we get by replacing oil entirely with renewable sources such as biofuels or wind - driven electric transport instead of liquefied coal — locking in a 2 °C temperature rise above pre-industrial levels is delayed only by 11 years !
Even replacing oil with liquefied coal conversion makes only a 3 years difference . ]
At issue here is Caldeira ’s implicit use of a standard economic model in drawing his conclusion that " as [ oil ] becomes scarcer and more expensive to extract , industry will switch to other fuels for economic reasons . "
Whether he knows it or not , Caldeira 's view echos the Hotelling Rule , which is a fundamental result in The Economic Theory of Non-Renewable Resources ( an overview by Neha Khanna ) .
I also briefly reviewed this theory in The Price Is Not Right .
Figure 12 — The Hotelling Rule with backstops , i.e. substitutes for conventional oil ( tar sands , biofuels , plug - in hybrids , coal - to - liquids ) .
Harold Hotelling ( The Economics of Exhaustible Resources , 1931 ) defined the classical economic theory of the long - term pricing of non-renewable resources like conventional oil .
The theory states that the price of a depleting resource like conventional oil should rise over time at the interest rate because its value ( = the marginal extraction cost + the scarcity rent , see Khanna ) should increase as the stocks ( reserves ) are exhausted .
As the oil price rises , more costly backstops become affordable , and thus the market seamlessly switches over to the available backstops .
What is notable about the Hotelling Rule is its abysmal failure in predicting oil prices over time .
For some background on this issue , see Tobias Kronenberg 's Should We Worry About the Failure of the Hotelling Rule ?
In his Understanding Crude Oil Prices , economist James Hamilton comments on the failure of the Hotelling rule —
Although Hotelling ’s theory and its extensions are elegant , a glance at Figure 1 [ below ] gives us an idea of the challenges in using it to explain the observed data .
The real price of oil declined steadily between 1957 and 1967 , and fell quite sharply between 1982 and 1986 ...
Although the sharp run-up in price through June of 2008 might be consistent with a newly calculated scarcity rent , the dramatic price collapse in the fall is more difficult to reconcile with a Hotelling - type story .
Figure 13 — Updated ( in blue ) to reflect the price as of December 11 , 2008 when I wrote The Price Is Not Right .
Prices rose steadily after 2003 .
After 2004 , global oil production was more or less flat , so higher prices failed to bring more supply onto the market .
More importantly , the steady 5 - year rise in price did not impel a prompt switch to substitutes ( outside of corn ethanol ) as one might have expected based on Hotelling .
Such a switch became very unlikely after the oil price crashed in the 2nd half of 2008 .
Various attempts have been made to save the Hotelling rule .
Despite the declining discoveries trend since the 1960s , technological progress has led to reserves additions over time , a situation which is complicated by the fact that OPEC 's unaudited proved reserves numbers never decline to reflect produced oil .
Flat or growing proved reserves signals to the market at all times that oil is not yet scarce .
Thus the simplest explanation for the failure of the Hotelling Rule is that conventional oil has always been priced as though it were renewable .
James Hamilton notes that —
... many economists often think of oil prices as historically having been influenced little or none at all by the issue of exhaustibility .
More to the point , oil prices do not rise at the rate of interest as Hotelling assumed because price shocks are a major cause of recessions , which in turn cause large dips in demand , which pushes prices down .
This happened in 1982 - 1986 , and again in 2008 - 2009 .
An oil price shock model in a " peak oil " scenario implies great volatility in future prices , as we have seen historically ( Hamilton 's Figure 1 ) .
I made a prediction for future prices based on such a model in The Price Is Not Right ( cited above ) .
Thus if conventional oil were scarce , meaning that a supply ceiling actually exists , market pricing would not necessarily reflect this reality .
In the lead up to the oil price shock of 2007 - 2008 , EIA data indicates that world oil production declined slightly in each of the 3 consecutive years 2005 - 2007 before rising again in 2008 after OPEC committed most of its spare capacity .
Nevertheless , the apparent ceiling on world oil production during those years had little or no influence on future prices .
The oil price began to come down after hitting $ 147 / barrel in July , 2008 due to the effect on high , sustained prices on demand , the worsening recession , and the withdrawal of " long " speculators from the market .
When the financial crisis hit in October , the price fell dramatically , finally bottoming out in February , 2009 in the $ 35 - 40 range .
There are more fundamental difficulties .
Markets operate on partial ( or incorrect ) knowledge ; obviously , markets can not know the future .
If conventional oil is not treated as an exhaustible resource to begin with , prices will never reflect its long - run scarcity even as annual consumption depletes the resource .
Unusually low or high oil prices are always viewed as local minima or maxima in the oil pricing function over time .
It is but a small leap to further assume that conventional oil may once again be plentiful in the future .
The Hotelling Rule assumes that markets operate with perfect knowledge of the time to exhaustion of the resource , and will thus price it accordingly .
So the continuous increase in price required to bring substitutes ( i.e. backstops in Figure 12 ) onto the market does not exist , and historically , has never existed .
Without that price signal , a prompt , seamless transition from conventional oil to coal - based liquids ( or other sources ) becomes even more unlikely in a " peak oil " scenario owing to investment uncertainty which delays bringing substitutes onto the market .
Even if there were an unremitting rise in the oil price , increasing coal - to - liquids production to significant levels will take decades ( Figure 14 ) .
Figure 14 — Making the transition from oil to liquefied coal , from Volume II of the report of the Task Force on Strategic Fossil Fuels ( 2007 ) .
In the “ high oil price ” case , which is assumed by the Hotelling Rule , it will still take more than 20 years for the U.S. to achieve 2 million barrels - per-day of liquids from coal , assuming the required investments are made over time .
Efficient direct liquefaction of coal still faces technological challenges , as opposed to indirect ( Fisher - Tropsch ) coal - to - liquids methods using an intermediate synthetic gas ( syngas ) step .
See the Rand study Producing Liquid Fuels From Coal .
EIA data indicates the world produced 2.3 million barrels - per-day of unconventional oil from fossil fuel sources in 2007 .
Most of this ( 1.4 ) was synthetic crude from Canada 's tar sands and " extra " heavy Orinoco crude ( 0.6 ) from Venezuela .
The small remainder came from coal - to - liquids ( 0.2 ) or gas - to - liquids ( 0.1 ) .
Short - term plans to increase this production have been delayed by the current " Great " recession .
In a paper for Environmental Resource Letters , A. E. Farrell and A. R. Brandt considered the Risks of the oil transition in a " peak oil " scenario .
In their short section on economic risks , the authors considered the case in which substitutes for conventional petroleum derived from fossil fuels ( SCPs ) replace declining conventional oil production .
Assuming conventional oil production declines at a rate of 2 % / year and annual growth in demand is 1.6 % , aggregate annual additions of SCPs capacity will have to be about 3 Mbbl / day to meet demand .
This is equal to today ’s total SCP capacity and about five times the current rate of capacity addition .
[ My note : Today 's SCP capacity is less than 3 million barrels - per-day , as I have noted .
Also , at the current oil intensity ( 0.31 ) of economic growth , this scenario implies annual global GDP growth of 4.96 % per year .
Combined with the 2 % decline in conventional oil production , this high - growth / sharp - decline scenario can be viewed as a worst case . ]
In light of the agonizingly slow increase in coal - to - liquids production in the U.S. in the " high price " case shown in Figure 14 , and generalizing this to the entire world for those few countries ( like China or Australia ) whose coal reserves are sufficient to support large - scale production , it appears that less than a third of the required annual increase would come from this source for most of the first decade in the Farrell and Brandt 's scenario .
2008 production at Alberta 's oil sands is now listed as 1.2 million barrels - per-day , which is less than 2007 number cited by the EIA .
Looking to the future , the Center For Global Energy Studies estimates that —
Oil sands production will increase by 1.19 - 1.99 million b/d during 2009 - 20 , depending on the degree of economic and environmental cooperation among major countries , the study says .
Cooperation extensive enough to keep the global recession relatively short and ensure strong and lasting growth afterward would support oil prices and enable oil sands production in Alberta to rise from 1.21 million b/d in 2008 to 3.2 million b/d in 2020 .
It has taken many years for Canadian oil sands production to get to where it is now .
A strong growth scenario sees production rising by 1.99 million barrels - per-day by 2020 .
Such production growth is only a tiny fraction of the annual 3 million barrels - per- day increase in SCPs that Farrell and Brandt estimate the world would need to meet demand in their high economic growth case .
That Venezuela has not been able to increase its " extra " heavy Orinoco crude production much only makes matters worse .
Farrell and Brandt further note that a volatile price signal , combined with the extraordinarily high initial per-barrel capital cost of implementing non-conventional oil , makes investments in this area very risky as I noted above —
Because SCPs require greater initial capital per unit of production relative to conventional oil , and are also more expensive in the long run , SCP projects are financially risky to
investors and may become uneconomical should oil prices fall , as they have in the past .
Indeed , investment in SCPs moves the global supply curve for liquid hydrocarbons out and will tend to cause world oil prices to fall ...
Investments of this magnitude [ in SCPs ] , in some cases in technologies with which we have limited experience [ e.g. for liquids from oil shale ] , will be a challenge , especially given the risk of stranded capital should oil prices fall .
We are forced to conclude that neither a consistent price signal nor our ability to quickly ramp up non-conventional fossil fuel substitutes supports a just - in - time , seamless transition away from conventional oil to maintain business - as - usual in a " peak oil " scenario .
Within the climate community , only Pushker Kharecha and James Hansen ( to my knowledge ) made explicit assumptions about business - as - usual in a " peak oil " scenario .
Their implicit view of economic growth supported by rising coal emissions mirrors that of Ken Caldeira .
Implications of “ peak oil ” for atmospheric C02 and climate was finally published in Global Biogeochemical Cycles after considerable resistance from reviewers — the paper was rejected by Environmental Research Letters .
Kharecha and Hansen 's study thus provides a second , more specific , case where future emissions are likely overstated ( Figure 15 ) .
Figure 15 — In the business - as - usual scenario ( BAU , top left ) oil peaks before 2025 ( blue line ) but coal emissions ( orange line ) still grow without limit out to about 2075 .
The Less Oil Reserves ( ” peak oil ” ) scenario ( bottom left ) assumes the Coal Phase - out case ( top , middle ) , so coal emissions are limited by policy , not economic growth .
Their BAU scenario makes it clear that Kharecha and Hansen implicitly assume something like the Hotelling Rule in their estimate of future emissions from coal .
In so far as it is likely that a " peak oil " scenario will derail business - as - usual , and thus reduce the growth in CO 2 emissions from coal over time , I have taken the liberty of modifying their BAU graph to reflect a more realistic outcome ( Figure 16 ) .
Figure 16 — A modified business - as - usual scenario .
Kharecha and Hansen ’s future coal emissions curve ( solid orange line ) has been replaced with a more realistic scenario ( dashed orange line ) which takes future recessions and the timing of technological fixes into account .
Coal emissions still grow , but not nearly at the pace envisioned in most BAU climate scenarios .
One could make a similar change to projected coal emissions in the Less Oil Reserves scenario as well .
In either case , the total anthropogenic emissions ( without land use changes , red line ) need to be adjusted downward ( dashed red line ) .
The revised scenario in Figure 16 is certainly not the only possible outcome .
It represents a family of outcomes in which the adverse economic effects of a peak in world oil production are taken into account .
I have argued that these effects are ignored in standard business - as - usual accounts that rely upon a smooth transition to coal liquefaction or other fossil fuel substitutes .
Although I expect " peak oil " to disrupt business - as - usual , there is a danger that economic growth could resume along a BAU pathway once the transition to substitutes for conventional oil had largely been accomplished .
It is not clear how long the interruption to growth would last , but it seems reasonable to assume that it would take at least 10 - 15 years ( if not many more ) to develop a liquid fuels capability that would once again permit business - as - usual to continue .
This complex subject has stirred much controversy in recent years , and a very wide range of projected outcomes have been discussed .
5. Physical Constraints on Future CO2 Emissions ?
I would like to relate the foregoing to Tim Garrett 's
Are there basic physical constraints on future anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide ?
This important paper was recently published in the journal Climatic Change .
Necessarily , my exposition here will be far too brief to convey all of the implications of Garrett 's work , so consult the original ( and highly technical ) paper for further details .
This overview comes from the University of Utah press release Is Global Warming Unstoppable ?
Garrett treats civilization like a " heat engine " that " consumes energy and does ' work ' in the form of economic production , which then spurs it to consume more energy , " he says .
" If society consumed no energy , civilization would be worthless , " he adds .
" It is only by consuming energy that civilization is able to maintain the activities that give it economic value .
This means that if we ever start to run out of energy , then the value of civilization is going to fall and even collapse absent discovery of new energy sources . "
Garrett says his study 's key finding " is that accumulated economic production over the course of history has been tied to the rate of energy consumption at a global level through a constant factor . "
That " constant " is 9.7 ( plus or minus 0.3 ) milliwatts per inflation - adjusted 1990 dollar .
So if you look at economic and energy production at any specific time in history , " each inflation - adjusted 1990 dollar would be supported by 9.7 milliwatts of primary energy consumption , " Garrett says .
Garrett describes a thermodynamic growth model ( " effectively a heat engine " ) and by analogy , Garrett applies his growth model to the economic growth of civilization and it's waste products ( i.e. CO 2 emissions ) .
As an insightful science blogger at Culturing Science said , Garrett —
essentially ... boils down the human - planet system to physics .
Carbon dioxide , the output of energy consumption , exits civilization at a constant rate [ see below ] , but accumulates over time .
This trade - off is represented as the variable η , which is the “ rate of return ” of energy to a system .
It essentially represents a feedback loop in which the greater the energy consumption and production , the greater is the potential for more consumption and production .
( Remember that carbon emissions are tied to this production and energy consumption . )
It is this " rate of return " or " feedback efficiency " η that ties Garrett 's work to the arguments I 've made here .
Figure 17 explains both his economic growth model and the constant value λ cited in the press release above .
Figure 17 — Garrett 's economic growth model is explained in his caption to his Figure 2 .
Note that cumulative emissions E are tied in to civilization 's " heat engine " via the cumulative energy a required to keep the economy growing and the carbon content c of that energy .
At all times , the cumulative size ( the historical integral ) of the economic value of human civilization C ( in 1990 inflation - adjusted dollars ) is tied to energy consumption a ( in watts ) through a " constant of proportionality " λ.
Thus the time derivatives for energy da /dt and value growth , or the economic growth dC / dt ( = P ) are related by the same constant .
The increase in civilization 's capacity to consume energy ( or its GDP ) enlarges civilization 's interface with its environment to allow it to grow further ( i.e. consume energy at a faster rate , da / dt = ηa ) .
By analogy , think of a child that grows to adult size by consuming food ( and excreting waste ) or primary productivity in plants .
A concrete example that might be particularly easy to relate to is the growth of a young child .
As an entity , the child consumes the accessible energy contained in food from the environment in proportion to some measure of the child ’s size ...
Interestingly , the approach is of identical mathematical form to one often used to successfully model growth of vegetation , where vegetative “ value ” C refers not to money but instead to biomass , and P to the net primary productivity .
Presumably , biological organisms must also maintain a high potential interface with respect to their environment , enabling them to consume energy , produce heat and waste , and do work to incorporate the matter that enables them to grow .
Thermodynamic laws are fully general .
A difference between plants and civilization is that plant waste includes CO2 that is recyclable , whereas the global economy creates most CO2 from fossil - carbon , much of which accumulates in the atmosphere .
Garrett tested his theory " for the combination of world energy production a ( EIA , Annual Energy Review 2006 ) and real global economic production P ( United Nations 2007 ) ( expressed here in fixed 1990 US dollars ) for the 36 year interval between 1970 to 2005 for which these statistics are currently available " as shown in Figure 18 .
He found a constant λ linking energy consumption of cumulative economic value C .
Figure 18 — Garrett 's successful model evaluation .
Here we are interested in the relationship between economic growth P = dC / dt and growth in emissions E as shown in Figure 17 .
This relationship is expressed in Garrett 's equations ( 9 ) and ( 11 ) .
Equation ( 9 ) says that the economic growth rate , expressed as the rate of change in the ( natural logarithm ) of GDP P , equals the ( current ) rate of return of energy to the system η plus the change in that rate .
This states directly that if the sum of these two rates is negative , the economy is shrinking .
Equation ( 11 ) relates this result to emissions through the rate of return η.
Assuming η is positive , and there is no change in the carbon content of that energy c , emissions E grow with η .
An advantage of appealing to energy efficiency in forecasts of CO 2 emissions is that η ... tends to vary rather slowly .
Since 1970 , growth of η = P/C [ expressed in economic terms ] has climbed from 1.4 % per year to 2.1 % per year in 2005 ... [ as shown in Figure 18 ]
The carbonization of the energy supply c , is changing even more slowly with a time scale of about 300 years .
What this means is that future emissions rates for CO 2 are most strongly influenced by the current state of η .
As a zeroth - order assumption , it is reasonable to assume persistence in η , meaning that on [ relatively short ] time - scales ... , future emissions are unlikely to depart substantially from the recent growth rate of 2.1 % per year .
In other words , the rate of return overwhelms heretofore very slow changes in the carbon content c of the energy supply in determining the rate of emissions growth .
In a " peak oil " scenario , assuming that business as usual is ruled out , as I have argued here , the rate of return η will be shrinking , implying that the economy is shrinking as stated in equation ( 9 ) .
In Garrett 's model , expressed in purely economic ( 1990 real dollar ) terms , η = P/C , where GDP P = dC / dt , or equivalently , P = ηC .
If η is shrinking but still positive , the global economy is in recession ( GDP is contracting ) .
Equation ( 11 ) , per Garrett 's remarks above , strongly implies that if η is positive but shrinking , emissions growth is slowing .
In absolute terms , expressed as million metric tons of CO 2 , total emissions are shrinking , as reported by the EIA in Figure 4 .
We saw this in the early 1980s and during the current " Great " recession of 2008 - 2009 .
You will recall my proposition ( 1 ) based on the historical experience of human civilization over the Industrial Age .
(1) If the economy is growing , then anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are growing
Thinking in million metric tons of CO 2 , we can derive ( 5 ) from Garrett 's model .
(5) If the positive rate of return η is shrinking , anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are shrinking
It then follows directly from ( 1 ) that the economy is in recession , as Garrett 's equation ( 9 ) implies .
Proposition ( 5 ) , together with ( 1 ) , formalizes what happens in a " peak oil " scenario as described here .
Garrett then directly relates the rate of return to the carbon content of the energy supply —
... the “ carbon footprint ” of civilization in recent decades reflects a simple relationship between the rate of global carbon emissions E and the accumulation over history of real global value C .
The coefficient is λc = 5.2 ± 0.2 MtC per year , per trillion 1990 US dollars of global economic value .
To take the result further , Eq. ( 11 ) points towards a non-dimensional number [ a number with no physical units , a " pure " number ] representing the relationship between the global economy ’s rate of decarbonization , −d ln c / dt , and its rate of return , η...
If S ≥ 1 , [ then ] d ln E / dt ≤ 0 , and [ thus ] emissions are stabilized or declining .
To reach stabilization , what is required is decarbonization that is at least as fast as the economy ’s rate of return .
Taking the 2005 value for η of 2.1 % per year , stabilization of emissions would require an equivalent or greater rate of decarbonization .
2.1 % of current annual energy production corresponds to an annual addition of approximately 300 GW of new non-carbon emitting power capacity — approximately one new nuclear power plant per day .
The Radical Hypothesis assumes that η will always be positive and growing , thus rejecting the premise of ( 5 ) .
This standard view assumes that not only is it possible to reach CO 2 stabilization , whereby decarbonization is at least as fast as the economy ’s rate of return , but it is also possible for decarbonization to outpace growth in η to support future economic expansion , as shown in the IEA 's Figure 2 above .
This view is not contradicted by anything in Garrett 's model , but requires a seemingly impossible rate of decrease in carbon intensity ( one nuclear power plant per day ) .
Outside this improbable event , we get some version of business as usual ( dη/dt > 0 ) or an economy that is not growing ( dη / dt < 0 ) .
Thus Garrett 's work supports my conclusion that a growing economy is incompatible with falling emissions .
His model also supports ( albeit indirectly ) my conclusion that emissions ( and thus the economy ) will not be growing in a " peak oil " scenario .
Thus he says in the press release
" Stabilization of carbon dioxide emissions at current rates will require approximately 300 gigawatts of new non-carbon - dioxide - emitting power production capacity annually - approximately one new nuclear power plant ( or equivalent ) per day , " Garrett says .
" Physically , there are no other options without killing the economy " ...
" If society consumed no energy , civilization would be worthless , " he adds .
" It is only by consuming energy that civilization is able to maintain the activities that give it economic value .
This means that if we ever start to run out of energy , then the value of civilization is going to fall and even collapse absent discovery of new energy sources . "
Garrett 's study was " panned by some economists and rejected by several journals " before being published .
An economist who reviewed the paper — I wonder if he understood it ?— wrote that " I am afraid the author will need to study harder before he can contribute . "
In my view , this hostility relates directly to these sacred , and thus incontrovertible assumptions —
The economy will always be growing ( d ln η/dt > 0 in Garrett 's model )
Technology will always fix all problems , including the climate problem ( S ≥ 1 , Garrett 's ( 14 ) )
It is generally impossible to prove a negative , as I discussed in The Secretary of Synthetic Biology .
Thus I can not prove any of the following propositions .
SETI will never detect a signal from an alien civilization
The rate of return η will not be greater than zero forever
The rate of decarbonization −d ln c/dt will never exceed the rate of return η
This a priori limit on our current knowledge is unfortunate in the climate debate in so far as it makes it impossible for those skeptical of the consensus view to disprove unreasonable assumptions ( # 1 and # 2 above ) .
All we can do is cast a long shadow of doubt and hope for the best .
As in many things , only time will tell who was right and who was wrong .
6. Conclusions
The main conclusions of this essay subvert standard views of how the future looks if humankind chooses to make a serious effort to mitigate anthropogenic climate change .
Historical data suggest that only recessions decrease anthropogenic CO 2 emissions .
Otherwise , if the global economy is growing , so are emissions .
The consensus view , which I have called The Radical Hypothesis , presumes that at some future inflection point , the global economy will continue to grow while emissions shrink .
Since nothing in our experience suggests the Radical Hypothesis is correct , and in so far as knowledgeable people can agree that it will be very hard to achieve the technological breakthroughs required to stabilize CO2 in atmosphere at acceptable levels ( e.g. 450 ppmv ) , the most plausible way to achieve such targets , all else being equal , is a planned , orderly contraction of the global economy .
Mankind would endeavor to both decarbonize the energy inputs to the economy and decrease those inputs .
This implies that the global economy , as modeled by Tim Garrett , would be shrinking .
emissions .
Otherwise , if the global economy is growing , so are emissions .
The consensus view , which I have called The Radical Hypothesis , presumes that at some future inflection point , the global economy will continue to grow while emissions shrink .
Since nothing in our experience suggests the Radical Hypothesis is correct , and in so far as knowledgeable people can agree that it will be very hard to achieve the technological breakthroughs required to stabilize CO2 in atmosphere at acceptable levels ( e.g. 450 ppmv ) , the most plausible way to achieve such targets , all else being equal , is a planned , orderly contraction of the global economy .
Mankind would endeavor to both decarbonize the energy inputs to the economy and decrease those inputs .
This implies that the global economy , as modeled by Tim Garrett , would be shrinking .
The mere assumption that technological progress will be sufficient to achieve the desired stabilization of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere does not guarantee success .
This assumption , like the future economic growth that depends on it , is incontrovertible only because of the faith placed in it , i.e. it must be accepted without proof or verification .
It is all well & good to say with great conviction that " failure is not an option " but in the real world , failure is definitely a possibility , so risks grow .
Worse yet , unquestioning faith in the impossibility of failure retards efforts achieve the necessary ( but still unrealized ) technologies required to reduce emissions , for if technological progress —
Pielke , et. al call this " spontaneous " innovation — is guaranteed ( i.e. comes " for free " ) , we need not try very hard to make technological progress happen .
What I have called The Assumption of Technological Progress should be tossed out in so far as it is no longer in humanity 's best interests to maintain it .
In a " peak oil " scenario , CO 2 emissions from conventional oil will remain flat or decrease sometime in the next decade and beyond .
In so far as historical experience suggests that anthropogenic emission must be growing if the economy is , this implies a shrinking global economy .
Specifically , the lack of a consistent ( high & rising ) oil price signal , combined with our inability to quickly & seamlessly switch to non-conventional liquids ( from coal , the oil sands , etc. ) to meet growing future demand , implies that economic growth will be negative or unstable in such a scenario .
Thus , business - as - usual ( BAU ) — the standard growth story assumed by economists , climate researchers and others — will be disrupted for an extended period of time in a " peak oil " scenario .
If the global economy will be in recession or prone to recession as conventional oil supplies decrease , emissions will very likely be further reduced during the transition to other liquid fuels sources .
Ken Caldeira 's counter - intuitive view that " peak oil " is not a climate savior , at least over the next few decades , does not survive close scrutiny .
A new UK report from the The New Economics Foundation goes even further in the wrong direction , arguing that " peak oil " makes BAU scenarios worse .
Just as Caldeira does , the NEF assumes , but does not closely examine , a painless transition to non-conventional liquids fuels from fossil sources .
In his response to Dangerous Assumptions , the University of Manitoba 's Vaclav Smil emphasized that Long - range energy forecasts are no more than fairy tales .
Why argue about plausible rates of future energy - efficiency improvements ?
We have known for nearly 150 years that , in the long run , efficiency gains translate into higher energy use and hence ( unless there is a massive shift to non-carbon energies ) into higher CO 2 emissions .
The speed of transition from a predominantly fossil - fueled world to conversions of renewable flows is being grossly overestimated : all energy transitions are multi-generational affairs with their complex infrastructural and learning needs .
Their progress cannot substantially be accelerated either by wishful thinking or by government ministers ’ fiats ...
China , the world ’s largest emitter of CO2 , has no intention of reducing its energy use : from 2000 to 2006 its coal consumption rose by nearly 1.1 billion tonnes and its oil consumption increased by 55 % .
Consequently , the rise of atmospheric CO 2 above 450 parts per million can be prevented only by an unprecedented ( in both severity and duration ) depression of the global economy , or by voluntarily adopted and strictly observed limits on absolute energy use .
The first is highly probable ; the second would be a sapient action , but apparently not for this species .
Although I agree in the main with Smil 's conclusions , I have argued that his Either - Or proposition yields similar outcomes .
If humankind were to voluntarily adopt and strictly observe limits on absolute energy use , the global economy would shrink according to the limits imposed , as implied in Tim Garrett 's work .
Moreover , Smil 's reference to Jevon 's Paradox ( 1st paragraph ) also coincides with Tim Garrett 's conclusion that greater energy efficiency merely stimulates greater energy consumption supporting more economic growth and higher CO 2 emissions ( unless accompanied by a massive , but at present unrealistic , decarbonization of the energy supply ) .
For now , and in the " foreseeable " future , putting the breaks on economic growth appears to be the only practical way out of the climate dilemma .
Unfortunately , this solution is politically impossible , a circumstance which is reinforced by economists ' incontestable , unshakable belief that economic growth will continue in all future emissions ( energy ) scenarios .
This conclusion rests upon the equally incontestable , unshakable Assumption of Technological Progress .
I will end by quoting climate activist George Monbiot .
This passage is taken from the introduction to his book Heat .
The introduction is called The Failure of Good Intentions .
Two things prompted me to write this book .
The first was something that happened in May , 2005 , in a lecture hall in London .
I had given a talk about climate change , during which I argued that there was little chance of preventing runaway global warming unless greenhouse gases were cut by 80 per cent .
The third question stumped me .
" When you get your 80 per cent cut , what will this country look like ? "
I had n't thought about it .
Nor could I think of a good reason why I had n't thought about it .
But a few rows from the front sat one of the environmentalists I admire and fear the most , a man called Mayer Hillman .
I admire him because he says what he believes to be true and does n't care about the consequences .
I fear him because his life is a mirror in which the rest of us see our hypocrisy .
" That 's such an easy question , I 'll ask Mayer to answer it . "
He stood up .
He is 75 but he looks about 50 , perhaps because he goes everywhere by bicycle .
He is small and thin and fit- looking , and he throws his chest out and holds his arms to his sides when he speaks , as if standing to attention .
He was smiling .
I could see he was going to say something outrageous .
" A very poor third - world country . "
The inescapable conclusion in 2010 is that continued economic growth at near 20th century rates in the 21st century is incompatible with taking positive , effective steps to mitigate anthropogenic climate change .
Moreover , such assumptions are not compatible with a near - term peak in the conventional oil supply .
Our species faces unprecedented challenges in this new century .
Our response to those challenges will define Homo sapiens in ways we never had to come to grips with during the Holocene ( roughly the last 10,000 years ) or before that in the Pleistocene .
The problems we face in this century are unique , even on geological time - scales extending far into the past beyond the 200,000 - year - old Human experience on Earth .
Both our limitations and our abilities , such as they are , will be displayed in the bright , harsh light of the energy & climate outcomes in the 21st century .
Regardless of who we pretend to be , our response to these challenges will tell us who we really are .
Contact the author at dave.aspo@gmail.com
“ There ’s no question we made money in these transactions .
However , all our dealings were through arm ’s - length transactions with experienced counterparties who had opposing views based on all available information at the time .
We were straightforward in our dislike of these securities , but the vast majority of people in the market thought we were dead wrong and openly and aggressively purchased the securities we were selling . ”
Still , the details unearthed by the S.E.C. in its investigation show a deep involvement by Mr. Paulson in the creation of the investment , known as Abacus 2007 - AC1 .
For example , he approached Goldman about constructing and marketing the debt security .
After analyzing risky mortgages made on homes in Arizona , California , Florida and Nevada , where the housing markets had overheated , Mr. Paulson went to Goldman to talk about how he could bet against those loans .
He focused his analysis on adjustable - rate loans taken out by borrowers with relatively low credit scores and turned up more than 100 loan pools that he considered vulnerable , the S.E.C. said .
Mr. Paulson then asked Goldman to put together a portfolio of these pools , or others like them that he could wager against .
He paid $ 15 million to Goldman for creating and marketing the Abacus deal , the complaint says .
Image
The investor John Paulson became a Wall Street celebrity .
Credit ... Rick Maiman / Bloomberg News
One of a small cohort of money managers who saw the mortgage market in late 2006 as a bubble waiting to burst , Mr. Paulson capitalized on the opacity of mortgage - related securities that Wall Street cobbled together and sold to its clients .
These instruments contained thousands of mortgage loans that few investors bothered to analyze .
Instead , the buyers relied on the opinions of credit ratings agencies like Moody ’s , Standard & Poor ’s and Fitch Ratings .
These turned out to be overly rosy , and investors suffered hundreds of billions in losses when the loans underlying these securities went bad .
Over the past few years , several new web startups have launched and quickly gained momentum , and there 's one thing they have in common : they do n't just build a brand , they build a community .
Brand vs Community
In simple terms , a brand is any company 's identity , defined by a name , sign , symbol , design or combination of these things .
Strong brands are able to connect with customers , evoking feelings like trust , reliability and satisfaction .
You may get thirsty when you see the Pepsi symbol , or get hungry when you see those yellow arches - branding is not only about recognition , but also about creating a psychological link ( almost Pavlovian ) to your products .
While good branding can help you market and establish your company , building a community can help establish your brand both directly and indirectly to your users .
A good community , in my opinion , should do the following :
Connect your business to your customers Connect your customers to other customers Connect your business to new customers by leveraging existing customers
It may sound like a lot of work and in some cases , it is , but engaging your customers can have outstanding benefits , the most significant of which being increased customer retention .
Building a Community Around Your Brand
There are numerous things you can do to create a community for your product , many of which are quick and easy to utilize .
Keep in mind that the goal is to engage customers and visitors in a way that will promote your brand , create trust and form ( or strengthen ) that psychological connection people form with things they like .
Here are a few fairly obvious steps to take if you have n't already :
1. Start Blogging
Blogging is probably the easiest and fastest way to connect your business with customers and prospective customers alike .
What you write about can be an important factor in the effectiveness of blogging , but there are several great examples to study and learn from :
Signal vs Noise -
The guys at 37 signals know all to well the power of creating a community through blogging - they have a loyal following of 118k RSS readers to promote new products , updates and news .
Peldi of Balsamiq and Patrick McKenzie of BingoCardCreator have also built a strong following by blogging transparently about their business practices and earnings .
Paul Graham of YCombinator has managed not only to inspire young entrepreneurs but also build a following by writing insightful essays on startups
Replying to comments left on your blog can also make your users feel like their opinions are significant , even more so if you actually act on their suggestions .
Keep in mind that blogging can essentially be a public window into your brand - take criticism with grace and always be kind to your customers , your reputation may just depend on it .
2. Create a Forum
A forum can be a great way to give customers and visitors a reason to go back to your site , even after they 've purchased your product .
Forums also allow your customers to connect with each other , sometimes even to the point of handling support issues .
Some of examples of companies building a community by using forums are :
WordPress -
The open source publishing platform has a highly active support forum powered mainly by users .
Gaming sites like Kongregate and Nonoba have busy forums that improve user retention by providing users yet another way of participating on the site .
Even social networks like MySpace use forums to encourage user interaction .
Interestingly enough , communication through public forums can also create a sort of moral obligation to reply and respond to messages directed at you , almost as if your real - world character is on the line .
In the end though , a forum can be a valuable asset both in encouraging both user participation and creating a customer - powered support system .
3. Leverage Social Networks
Let 's face it - social networks are getting increasingly popular and many continue to spread virally .
It 's relatively quick and easy to utilize social networks for your business and use their proliferation to your advantage .
There are dozens of options but here are a few quick ones :
Create a Facebook group or fan page , invite users to it and update it periodically with news your users may find interesting .
Reply to comments left on your wall to keep users engaged .
Several companies have also started using Facebook to promote giveaways and competitions , with many accumulating hundreds of thousands of users .
Twitter can be just as powerful - creating an account takes minutes yet the results can be profound .
Conan O'Brien is proof of the power of Twitter followers - one of his tweets led to the instant celebrity of a random user .
Twitter has enabled brands and celebrities alike to connect and interact with users directly .
Social linking sites like Digg , Reddit and StumbleUpon provide buttons that can be easily implemented onto any website and allow your customers to share their experiences with their social circles , bringing in additional users and potential customers .
Using social media to engage your customers can be a simple and quick way to build a following for your brand .
Just like blogging , what you say on these networks can have a lasting effect on the psychology of your customers - choose your words carefully and always put your business before your emotions ( at least in public ) .
Final Thoughts
While building a strong brand can be crucial to the success of your business , building a community around it will engage your customers in new ways and can help to further spread your brand .
With so many new tools and services available , many community features can be integrated within minutes , so why not take advantage of them ?
If you have n't already , please consider subscribing to the RSS feed and following us on Twitter .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Alright , it 's late , I 'm playing with the Camera that Sean Captain lent me for Apple Showtime tomorrow .
And then this lands in my inbox :
Let 's just say I have been informed by a little reliable birdy about Tommorow 's event .
The line - up will follow this similar structure : Welcoming of Media Members
Discussion on iTunes software , iTMS integration into iTunes , and iTMS
sales and facts .
Announcement of iTunes version 7.0
Announces better search feature for Music Store
Announces Movie Store .
Available Immediately will be movies from
Disney and Pixar , among other studios .
New iPod Nano Announcement ( nice brushed casing , while it will have
same features as first gen , only a longer battery life ) New iPod Announcement ( Widescreen , Bluetooth , and featuring virtual
touchwheel .
Does not include Wi - Fi , or any other protocols )
One More Thing ....
Advertisement
Whether you believe it or not , jump to read the rest ...
TubePort .
A $ 99 2 - piece set that includes a dongle that connects via USB to your mac , and another dongle that connects via included HD cables or regular Component cables to your TV .
The movie is accessed on your Mac via an iDisk - like storage component hosted by Apple .
Jobs will then explain the pricing structure of the Movie Store .
Movies wil be available as either a smaller iPod - format ( which will
cost $ 9.99 per movie ) , or as a larger , streamed movie to be streamed
to your TV via TubePort .
This cost $ 14.99 per movie .
To purchase an
i Pod - formatted movie and a streamed version of the same movie , it will
cost you $ 19.99 .
Advertisement
i Tunes movies ?
Nano ?
Tubeport ?
Video iPod ?
If this is n't a fark , then we were right about our guesses , and this anon tipster is our very own Saint Gizmodo .
And we 'll just skip liveblogging the rest of the keynote .
If this is all a lie , then we 'll post their email for you all to savage .
Who knows at this point .
