The government is getting military help from Ethiopia
Ethiopia 's information minister said his country 's forces had launched " self - defensive measures " against the Islamic Courts Union ( UIC ) .
Ethiopia had previously admitted to sending only army trainers to Somalia .
In the latest fighting between the UIC and the weak , Ethiopian - backed government , air strikes and shelling are being reported in border areas .
Eyewitnesses said Ethiopian fighters were bombarding the UIC - held town of Beledweyne near the border , on the fifth day of renewed fighting .
" The enemy of Allah has started bombing our civilians , " Sheikh Hassan Derrow told AFP news agency .
A resident told AFP : " We see planes striking us and heavy fighting on the ground intensifying . "
Ethiopian Information Minister Berhan Hailu later said : " The Ethiopian government has taken self - defensive measures and started counter - attacking the aggressive extremist forces of the Islamic Courts and foreign terrorist groups . "
The UIC has vowed to drive out Ethiopian troops which it says have been fighting alongside government forces for months .
The Islamic group - which controls most of the south , including the capital , Mogadishu - on Saturday appealed for foreign fighters to join them in a " holy war " against Ethiopia .
The conflict is also reported to have spread to the Galkayo area further north .
Both sides say they have killed hundreds of people since the fighting began on Tuesday - although aid agencies report dozens of dead .
The recent clashes have heightened fears of a regional war .
The UN estimates that at least 8,000 Ethiopian troops may be in the country , while rival Eritrea is said to have deployed some 2,000 troops in support of the Islamic group .
However , Eritrean President Isaias Afewerki denied his country had troops deployed in Somalia .
Are you or anyone you know near conflict zone ?
Please send us your experiences and contact details using the post form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Phone number ( optional ) :
Town & Country
Comments
May 16 , 2006 — jao
The developers of scsh , the Scheme shell , have just released version 0.6.7 of their awesome Scheme implementation .
Scsh is , in my opinion , simply the best scripting language around , by a long stretch .
It was initially implemented by Olin Shivers on top of scheme48 , as a result of his problems with traditional shell languages : he wrote a detailed rationale on the design principles behind scsh that is full of insight and a must read .
In addition , this page is full of writings by Olin and other minds behind s48 / scsh ( like Michael Sperber or Martin Gasbichler ) with interesting details on many aspects of scsh ’s implementation .
During the last years , scsh has become , slowly but surely , my default scripting tool ( emacs ’ eshell is also fine , but , you know , elisp is not scheme ) , my only nit being its lack of a shell prompt powerful enough to fully replace zsh or bash .
But , lo and behold , it seems the writing may be on the wall for my bash / zsh ’s days : a beauty called Commander S is well underway .
Commander S is an interactive frontend for scsh , based on the ncurses library , described in the workshop paper Commander S – The shell as a browser , by Gasbichler and Knauel .
In the author ’s words :
Commander S is a new approach to interactive Unix shells based on interpretation of command output and cursor - oriented terminal programs .
The user can easily refer to the output of previous commands when composing new command lines or use interactive viewers to further explore the command results .
Commander S is extensible by plug-ins for parsing command output and for viewing command results interactively .
The included job control avoids garbling of the terminal by informing the user in a separate widget and running background processes in separate terminals .
Commander S is also an interactive front - end to scsh , the Scheme Shell , and it closely integrates Scheme evaluation with command execution .
Although it ’s not yet released , the brave and bold among you can already give it a try from its CVS repository .
( I wish i had time for Conjure : one of the features i had in mind was some sort of interactive build tasks inspector , and Commander S ’s plug-ins look like an excellent implementation vehicle for such a thing .
You ’re not looking for a nifty scheme project , are you ? )
Tags : conjure , scheme , scsh
Early on the morning of July 23 , a fisherman from Ningbo City in east China 's Zhejiang Province was shocked by the sight of a huge creature lying dead beside the seawall near his home .
Liu , who lives in Yangshashan of Chunxiao Town in Beilun District and who has been a fisherman for over ten years , said “ I have never seen such a monster ; it was larger than a whale . ”
It was first seen by villagers on July 20 , according to Mei who breeds fish nearby , and is nearly 12 meters long and weighs around 2 tons , according to district sea and fishery bureau staff .
The animal reportedly has a long thin head and a snout nearly one meter long .
Partly rotten , with its spine exposed , it has been impossible to identify , but has been described as having some hair , and orange stripes across a three to four - meter wide belly .
The skull , which alone weighs over 100 kg , and coccyx of the creature have fallen from its body .
Mei said four young people took away a 100 kg piece of the corpse to study and many experts have come to inspect it , but all in vain .
From the degree of putrefaction , the animal may have been dead for a week and beached by Typhoon Haitang several days ago , said Hu from Beilun ’s sea and fishery bureau .
He said its overall structure means it ’s unlikely to be a fish , but the shape of its head is like a crocodile’s .
Local fishermen have their own ideas about what the animal is and where it came from .
One called Li said it must have lived in the sea , because the skin of its chest is very much like that of many large sea animals , as thick and hard as rubber .
According to another named Wang , it is very like an elephant seal , especially its mouth , and he said he once spotted elephant seals on a journey overseas five years ago .
Many experts said that , being seriously rotten and deprived of lower limbs and tail , the monster is unlikely to be identified or to be made into a specimen .
An expert from Ningbo University 's sea creature research center who has not seen the animal said the possibility of it being a huge crocodile was slim , for they usually live in tropical freshwater .
He also doubted that it could be an elephant seal , saying it would be hard to explain how one got to the subtropical East China Sea from polar waters .
( Today Morning Express , translated by Yuan Fang for China.org.cn July 29 , 2005 )
なんかアクセスが多いと思ったら、昨日の記事が/.Jでリンクされたのか。
それはそれとして、ツッコミで紹介されたGmail SPAM 問題に対する Google の対応はすばらしい。ちゃんと報告するなんて、実に模範的なβユーザだ!
見習わなくては。
つまり、こういうことですな :
spamフィルタのアルゴリズムが変わって、精度が下がった
spamと判断されたメールが、なぜか自動的に破棄されるようになっていた
これらのトラブルが同時に発生したため、spamと判断された正当なメールがspamフォルダから消えうせる、結果として届いていないメールがあるように見える、と。仕組みはどうあれ、正当なメールが手元に残らない状況になっていたわけで、spamフィルタの実装としては大バグなのは間違いない。開発力はあるが品質が低いまま実戦投入する傾向のあるGoogleらしいと言えばらしいけど。
まぁ、ま だGmailはβテスト中なわけで、バックアップもなしに使う方が悪いのである。ちゃんとバックアップを確保している人は、11月に入ってからのメールをちゃんとさらった方がいいだろう。ちなみにバックアップである以上、Gmailのspamフィルタを通過したものを保存しておいても意味はない。例えばおれのように、Gmailに転送する前のメールを別のところに保存しなくてはいけない。
Liven up your workspace with these nifty DIY gadgets .
If we happened to miss any , please leave us a comment .
Which ones are your favorites ?
“ Continue reading ” for the entire list .
NES Alarm Clock
This modder gutted his old NES and fitted it with a fully functional alarm clock .
The buttons are wired to the console ’s player 1 controller port ( clock settings ) , reset button ( snooze ) , and power button ( alarm indicator ) .
Lastly , he custom mounted an LED display behind the cartridge slot to display the time .
Find out how to make your own with these instructions .
[ Source ]
CD Lamp
If you ’ve got hundreds of old AOL discs laying around , why not put them to good use ?
This creation was made from a pile of old CDs , an ATX power supply , and a custom circular base .
Instructions here .
“ The pile of CDs that had been massing in my room was growing to epic proportions .
So I decided to make myself a CD lamp .
The circular base was actually cut using a template on a table saw , then sanded after clamping it in a drill press .
The cold cathode lamp is from NewEgg . “
[ tcnj ]
Thermaltake MiniFridge
Inventgeek transformed this otherwise normal looking computer tower into a fully functional mini fridge / soda dispenser .
All it took was around 30 minutes of hacking and $ 200 in parts .
Tools used include screwdrivers , pliers , knives , glues , and wire cutters .
Instructions here .
“ This was a really fun project to do .
I recently brought it fully loaded to a LAN party with a bunch of my fellow geeks .
At first I let them guess at what it was .
First impressions were that it was a water cooled computer .
But when they saw that there was no mob installed through the IO shield they were all stumped .
So I plugged it in and popped open the front and with a solid sounding ‘ Ka - Thunk ’ a Caffeinated cold one was waiting for all night consumption . ”
[ Source ]
Blue Bawls Automatic LED
Light
To make your own “ Blue Bawls Automatic LED Light ” , you ’ll need a 9V battery , photo - cell , NPN transistor ( 2N 4401 ) , one super bright white LED , 100 K ohms resistor , 470 ohms resistor , 9V battery snap , one empty bottle , and around 2 - 3 hours of time .
Instructions here .
“ Ok get your mind out of the gutter .
I am talking about the beautiful blue glass bottle that the Bawls soft drink comes in .
I tried one the other day and thought the glass bottle could be used for something interesting . ”
[ Source ]
Projection LCD Clock
If you ’ve always wanted a projection LCD clock but do n’t want to shell out $ 39.95 — than why not build your own ?
You ’ll need a see - through style LCD clock , Luxeon LED , and a 38 kHz IR receiver unit .
Instructions here .
This is a clock that projects the time onto the wall of a darkened room whenever any IR remote control ( like a TV remote ) is pointed at it and any button is pressed .
It uses no lenses .
The time is displayed for as long as any button is pressed .
After the NSA domestic spying story broke late last year , the Electronic Frontier Foundation filed suit not against the government , but against AT&T , which is accused of collaborating in the wiretap scheme .
The US government intervened in the case on May 13 , moving for dismissal or summary judgement based on the state secrets privilege .
The federal government had played the state secrets card over 60 times since first unveiling it in the 1950s , prevailing in all but a scant handful of cases .
In a ruling handed down today by in the US District Court of the Northern District of California , Chief Judge Vaughn R. Walker has denied the government 's motion ( PDF of the decision ) .
In his ruling , Judge Vaughn Walker was critical of the government 's assertions that allowing the case to move forward would jeopardize state secrets .
" To defer to a blanket assertion of [ state ] secrecy here would be to abdicate that duty , particularly because the very subject matter of this litigation has been so publicly aired .
The compromise between liberty and security remains a difficult one .
But dismissing this case at the outset would sacrifice liberty for no apparent enhancement of security . "
According to allegations first raised in the New York Times , AT&T allowed the NSA to install traffic monitoring equipment in its San Francisco and other facilities across the nation .
With the equipment in place , the NSA is able to sift through large numbers of phone calls in the US .
The government argued that airing the allegations contained in the lawsuit would harm the national security interests of the US .
Judge Walker disagreed , saying that if the government has been truthful in its disclosures , divulging information on AT&T 's role in the scandal should not cause any harm to national security .
And if it has n't been truthful ?
" The state secrets privilege should not serve as a shield for its false public statements , " he wrote .
" In short , the government has opened the door for judicial inquiry by publicly confirming and denying material information about its monitoring of communication content . "
The government is expected to appeal the decision , but if Judge Walker 's decision holds up , the case will move forward .
By Steven Eke
BBC Russian affairs analyst
Vladimir Putin has filled top posts with spy service alumni
The unprecedented research implies a huge expansion of KGB - FSB influence in politics and business in recent years .
Many of the officials concerned have been appointed under President Vladimir Putin - himself a former spy chief .
This has led many liberal commentators to claim their influence is growing unchecked , and threatening democracy .
Politics and business
This new research was conducted by Olga Kryshtanovskaya , a respected academic , for the Centre for the Study of the Elite , part of the prestigious Academy of Sciences .
It confirms that the siloviki - ex-KGB operatives or those working for its successor organisation , the FSB - have done well in President Putin 's Russia .
It has long been thought that their influence was growing .
But this first , concerted attempt to provide empirical evidence of its scale , has produced some surprising results .
Mr Putin recently toured a new defence intelligence HQ in Moscow
Among the presidential administration , members of the government , deputies of both chambers of parliament , regional heads , as well as the boards of Russia 's top state corporations , four in five officials worked for the KGB , or continue to work for one or more of its successor organisations .
The research also suggests the political and business elites are rapidly coalescing , with some key industrial figures , such as the head of the state weapons export agency , also from the same security service heritage .
Contrast
How different Russia looks from other formerly communist countries in eastern Europe , where there have been attempts to identify individuals who worked for Soviet - era security services , many of which were highly repressive .
Some of these individuals have been put on trial for their alleged crimes .
But perhaps more significantly , there has been a real effort to keep them out of politics and big business .
But whatever it means for Russia 's future as a democracy - or not - so far , unhappiness about Russia 's new ruling class has been expressed only by the country 's beleaguered liberal minority .
Combining stretching , balance and breathing , yoga is practiced at every stage of life .
And thanks to exercises that are often easy to do , this activity is ideal for staying in shape after 50 years of age ...
OK , here 's something weird .
Every week in Bad Science we either victimise some barking pseudoscientific quack , or a big science story in a national newspaper .
Now , tell me , why are these two groups even being mentioned in the same breath ?
Why is science in the media so often pointless , simplistic , boring , or just plain wrong ?
Like a proper little Darwin , I 've been collecting specimens , making careful observations , and now I 'm ready to present my theory .
It is my hypothesis that in their choice of stories , and the way they cover them , the media create a parody of science , for their own means .
They then attack this parody as if they were critiquing science .
This week we take the gloves off and do some serious typing .
Science stories usually fall into three families : wacky stories , scare stories and " breakthrough " stories .
Last year the Independent ran a wacky science story that generated an actual editorial : how many science stories get the lead editorial ?
It was on research by Dr Kevin Warwick , purporting to show that watching Richard and Judy improved IQ test performance ( www.badscience.net/?p=84).
Needless to say it was unpublished data , and highly questionable .
Wacky stories do n't end there .
They never end .
Infidelity is genetic , say scientists .
Electricity allergy real , says researcher .
I 've been collecting " scientists have found the formula for " stories since last summer , carefully pinning them into glass specimen cases , in preparation for my debut paper on the subject .
So far I have captured the formulae for : the perfect way to eat ice cream ( AxTpxTm / FtxAt + VxLTxSpxW / Tt=3d20 ) , the perfect TV sitcom ( C=3d [ ( RxD ) + V ] x F / A+S ) , the perfect boiled egg , love , the perfect joke , the most depressing day of the year ( [ W + ( D - d ) ] xTQ MxNA ) , and so many more .
Enough !
Every paper - including this one - covers them : and before anyone bleats excuses on their behalf , these stories are invariably written by the science correspondents , and hotly followed , to universal jubilation , with comment pieces , by humanities graduates , on how bonkers and irrelevant scientists are .
A close relative of the wacky story is the paradoxical health story .
Every Christmas and Easter , regular as clockwork , you can read that chocolate is good for you ( www.badscience.net/?p=67), just like red wine is , and with the same monotonous regularity , in breathless , greedy tones you will you hear how it 's scientifically possible to eat as much fat and carbohydrate as you like , for some complicated reason , but only if you do it at " the right time of day " .
These stories serve one purpose : they promote the reassuring idea that sensible health advice is outmoded and moralising , and that research on it is paradoxical and unreliable .
At the other end of the spectrum , scare stories are - of course - a stalwart of media science .
Based on minimal evidence and expanded with poor understanding of its significance , they help perform the most crucial function for the media , which is selling you , the reader , to their advertisers .
The MMR disaster was a fantasy entirely of the media 's making ( www.badscience.net/?p=23), which failed to go away .
In fact the Daily Mail is still publishing hysterical anti-immunisation stories , including one calling the pneumococcus vaccine a " triple jab " , presumably because they misunderstood that the meningitis , pneumonia , and septicaemia it protects against are all caused by the same pneumococcus bacteria ( www.badscience.net/?p=118).
Now , even though popular belief in the MMR scare is - perhaps - starting to fade , popular understanding of it remains minimal : people periodically come up to me and say , is n't it funny how that Wakefield MMR paper turned out to be Bad Science after all ?
And I say : no .
The paper always was and still remains a perfectly good small case series report , but it was systematically misrepresented as being more than that , by media that are incapable of interpreting and reporting scientific data .
Once journalists get their teeth into what they think is a scare story , trivial increases in risk are presented , often out of context , but always using one single way of expressing risk , the " relative risk increase " , that makes the danger appear disproportionately large ( www.badscience.net/?p=8).
This is before we mention the times , such as last week 's Seroxat story , or the ibuprofen and heart attack story last month , when in their eagerness to find a scandal , half the papers got the figures wrong .
This error , you can't help noticing , is always in the same direction .
And last , in our brief taxonomy , is the media obsession with " new breakthroughs " : a more subtly destructive category of science story .
It 's quite understandable that newspapers should feel it 's their job to write about new stuff .
But in the aggregate , these stories sell the idea that science , and indeed the whole empirical world view , is only about tenuous , new , hotly - contested data .
Articles about robustly - supported emerging themes and ideas would be more stimulating , of course , than most single experimental results , and these themes are , most people would agree , the real developments in science .
But they emerge over months and several bits of evidence , not single rejiggable press releases .
Often , a front page science story will emerge from a press release alone , and the formal academic paper may never appear , or appear much later , and then not even show what the press reports claimed it would ( www.badscience.net/?p=159).
Last month there was an interesting essay in the journal PLoS Medicine , about how most brand new research findings will turn out to be false ( www.tinyurl.com/ceq33).
It predictably generated a small flurry of ecstatic pieces from humanities graduates in the media , along the lines of science is made - up , self - aggrandising , hegemony - maintaining , transient fad nonsense ; and this is the perfect example of the parody hypothesis that we 'll see later .
Scientists know how to read a paper .
That 's what they do for a living : read papers , pick them apart , pull out what 's good and bad .
Scientists never said that tenuous small new findings were important headline news - journalists did .
But enough on what they choose to cover .
What 's wrong with the coverage itself ?
The problems here all stem from one central theme : there is no useful information in most science stories .
A piece in the Independent on Sunday from January 11 2004 suggested that mail - order Viagra is a rip - off because it does not contain the " correct form " of the drug .
I do n't use the stuff , but there were 1,147 words in that piece .
Just tell me : was it a different salt , a different preparation , a different isomer , a related molecule , a completely different drug ?
No idea .
No room for that one bit of information .
Remember all those stories about the danger of mobile phones ?
I was on holiday at the time , and not looking things up obsessively on PubMed ; but off in the sunshine I must have read 15 newspaper articles on the subject .
Not one told me what the experiment flagging up the danger was .
What was the exposure , the measured outcome , was it human or animal data ?
Figures ?
Anything ?
Nothing .
I 've never bothered to look it up for myself , and so I 'm still as much in the dark as you .
Why ?
Because papers think you wo n't understand the " science bit " , all stories involving science must be dumbed down , leaving pieces without enough content to stimulate the only people who are actually going to read them - that is , the people who know a bit about science .
Compare this with the book review section , in any newspaper .
The more obscure references to Russian novelists and French philosophers you can bang in , the better writer everyone thinks you are .
Nobody dumbs down the finance pages .
Imagine the fuss if I tried to stick the word " biophoton " on a science page without explaining what it meant .
I can tell you , it would never get past the subs or the section editor .
But use it on a complementary medicine page , incorrectly , and it sails through .
Statistics are what causes the most fear for reporters , and so they are usually just edited out , with interesting consequences .
Because science is n't about something being true or not true : that 's a humanities graduate parody .
It 's about the error bar , statistical significance , it 's about how reliable and valid the experiment was , it 's about coming to a verdict , about a hypothesis , on the back of lots of bits of evidence .
But science journalists somehow do n't understand the difference between the evidence and the hypothesis .
The Times 's health editor Nigel Hawkes recently covered an experiment which showed that having younger siblings was associated with a lower incidence of multiple sclerosis .
MS is caused by the immune system turning on the body .
" This is more likely to happen if a child at a key stage of development is not exposed to infections from younger siblings , says the study . "
That 's what Hawkes said .
Wrong !
That 's the " Hygiene Hypothesis " , that 's not what the study showed : the study just found that having younger siblings seemed to be somewhat protective against MS : it did n't say , could n't say , what the mechanism was , like whether it happened through greater exposure to infections .
He confused evidence with hypothesis ( www.badscience.net/?p=112), and he is a " science communicator " .
So how do the media work around their inability to deliver scientific evidence ?
They use authority figures , the very antithesis of what science is about , as if they were priests , or politicians , or parent figures .
" Scientists today said ... scientists revealed ... scientists warned . "
And if they want balance , you 'll get two scientists disagreeing , although with no explanation of why ( an approach at its most dangerous with the myth that scientists were " divided " over the safety of MMR ) .
One scientist will " reveal " something , and then another will " challenge " it .
A bit like Jedi knights .
The danger of authority figure coverage , in the absence of real evidence , is that it leaves the field wide open for questionable authority figures to waltz in .
Gillian McKeith , Andrew Wakefield , Kevin Warwick and the rest can all get a whole lot further , in an environment where their authority is taken as read , because their reasoning and evidence is rarely publicly examined .
But it also reinforces the humanities graduate journalists ' parody of science , for which we now have all the ingredients : science is about groundless , incomprehensible , didactic truth statements from scientists , who themselves are socially powerful , arbitrary , unelected authority figures .
They are detached from reality : they do work that is either wacky , or dangerous , but either way , everything in science is tenuous , contradictory and , most ridiculously , " hard to understand " .
This misrepresentation of science is a direct descendant of the reaction , in the Romantic movement , against the birth of science and empiricism more than 200 years ago ; it 's exactly the same paranoid fantasy as Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein , only not as well written .
We say descendant , but of course , the humanities have n't really moved forward at all , except to invent cultural relativism , which exists largely as a pooh - pooh reaction against science .
And humanities graduates in the media , who suspect themselves to be intellectuals , desperately need to reinforce the idea that science is nonsense : because they 've denied themselves access to the most significant developments in the history of western thought for 200 years , and secretly , deep down , they 're angry with themselves over that .
That 's what I 'd have said three years ago .
But now I 'm on the inside , I can add a slightly different element to the story .
I 'm an all right - looking bloke , I get about : maybe I 'm not the most popular bloke at science journalist parties , but I 'm certainly talkative .
For many months I had a good spirited row with an eminent science journalist , who kept telling me that scientists needed to face up to the fact that they had to get better at communicating to a lay audience .
She is a humanities graduate .
" Since you describe yourself as a science communicator , " I would invariably say , to the sound of derisory laughter : " is n't that your job ? "
But no , for there is a popular and grand idea about , that scientific ignorance is a useful tool : if even they can understand it , they think to themselves , the reader will .
What kind of a communicator does that make you ?
There is one university PR department in London that I know fairly well - it's a small middle - class world after all - and I know that until recently , they had never employed a single science graduate .
This is not uncommon .
Science is done by scientists , who write it up .
Then a press release is written by a non-scientist , who runs it by their non-scientist boss , who then sends it to journalists without a science education who try to convey difficult new ideas to an audience of either lay people , or more likely - since they 'll be the ones interested in reading the stuff - people who know their way around a t- test a lot better than any of these intermediaries .
Finally , it 's edited by a whole team of people who do n't understand it .
You can be sure that at least one person in any given " science communication " chain is just juggling words about on a page , without having the first clue what they mean , pretending they 've got a proper job , their pens all lined up neatly on the desk .
Of course a system like that will cock up .
The proof is in Bad Science , every week .
See you in Berlin .
· Bad Science will be continuing in the Guardian next week
Latest Blog !
Yesterday , while shewing on home made Zesty Blueberry Muffins I finally managed to piece together the last pits of the latest PopBox version .
I 've release a new version of PopBox today , 2.7a .
I would love to be excited about it but there is still one IE8 bug that is so far eluding me .
It 's probably simple but it 's driving ... more
Jump to the articles page to scroll through my other writings as well !
C6 Software is a custom software house that specializes in development of solutions for large business clients as well as development of our own line of products that are being written in the wee hours of the morning .
The Long Now Foundation was established in 01996 * to develop the Clock and Library projects , as well as to become the seed of a very long - term cultural institution .
The Long Now Foundation hopes to provide a counterpoint to today 's accelerating culture and help make long - term thinking more common .
We hope to foster responsibility in the framework of the next 10,000 years .
The Clock and Library Projects
Below is an essay by a founding board member Stewart Brand on the need for , and the mechanism by which , The Long Now Foundation is attempting to encourage long - term thinking .
Civilization is revving itself into a pathologically short attention span .
The trend might be coming from the acceleration of technology , the short - horizon perspective of market - driven economics , the next - election perspective of democracies , or the distractions of personal multi-tasking .
All are on the increase .
Some sort of balancing corrective to the short - sightedness is needed - some mechanism or myth which encourages the long view and the taking of long - term responsibility , where ' long - term ' is measured at least in centuries .
Long
Now proposes both a mechanism and a myth .
It began with an observation and idea by computer scientist Daniel Hillis :
" When I was a child , people used to talk about what would happen by the year 02000 .
For the next thirty years they kept talking about what would happen by the year 02000 , and now no one mentions a future date at all .
The future has been shrinking by one year per year for my entire life .
I think it is time for us to start a long - term project that gets people thinking past the mental barrier of an ever - shortening future .
I would like to propose a large ( think Stonehenge ) mechanical clock , powered by seasonal temperature changes .
It ticks once a year , bongs once a century , and the cuckoo comes out every millennium . "
Such a clock , if sufficiently impressive and well - engineered , would embody deep time for people .
It should be charismatic to visit , interesting to think about , and famous enough to become iconic in the public discourse .
Ideally , it would do for thinking about time what the photographs of Earth from space have done for thinking about the environment .
Such icons reframe the way people think .
Hillis , who developed the " massive parallel " architecture of the current generation of supercomputers , devised the mechanical design of the Clock and is now building the monument scale version of the Clock in the Sierra Diablo range of West Texas near the town of Van Horn .
The first Clock prototype is currently on display at the London Science Museum and others are at the headquarters of Long Now in San Francisco .
The Clock 's works consist of a specially designed gear system that has precision equal to one day in 20,000 years , and it self - corrects by " phase - locking " to the noon Sun .
Long Now added a " Library " dimension with the realization of the need for content to go along with the long - term context provided by the Clock - a library of the deep future , for the deep future .
In a sense every library is part of the 10,000 - year Library , so Long Now is developing tools ( such as the Rosetta Disk , The Long Viewer and the Long Server ) that may provide inspiration and utility to the whole community of librarians and archivists .
The Long Bets project - whose purpose is improving the quality of long - term thinking by making predictions accountable - is also Library - related .
The point is to explore whatever may be helpful for thinking , understanding , and acting responsibly over long periods of time .
- Stewart Brand
Bot herder websites that specialise in dumbing down the process of managing zombie networks of compromised Windows PCs are under attack .
High profile bot sites such as ryan1918.com and 0x90 - team.com have disappeared , reports anti-virus firm F - Secure .
Another such site , known as " Neo , The One " ( neo-theone.com.ar ) , which was hosted in Argentina , went offline on Friday ( 9 September ) .
Authorities are clearly turning up the heat on such sites , but the fight is far from over .
Mikko Hyppönen , director of anti-virus research at Finnish anti-virus firm F - Secure , explained that so - called bot herder websites come and go all the time .
" These websites specialise in distributing source code and tools for malicious bots and botnets .
They provide a web interface with point and click controls that allows even clueless people to manage zombie networks . "
" Some bot distribution sites have started to charge money for downloading source code of bots , " he added .
Hyppönen said bot herder sites are normally short - lived , tending to disappear as soon as authorities get wind of them .
Delivering botnet management as a hosted application is relatively new but the trade in compromised PCs among denizens of the digital underground has been taking place for around two years .
The use of sites such as 0x90 - team.com to download components for recent MyTob worm increased their profile and arguably hastened their demise . ®
The addict feels low .
His body needs a boost .
He reaches into his pocket and finds a dollar bill .
He slides it into the machine and a can rolls out .
He opens the can and guzzles .
He feels his energy return .
His fix will last a couple of hours , enough to keep him alert for the rest of the morning .
The addict is twelve years old and his drug is a soft drink , purchased from a vending machine in his school .
This addict and thousands like him will attend special classes , sponsored by his school , to warn him about the dangers of drugs , tobacco and alcohol .
But no one will tell him about America ’s other drinking problem .
According to the National Soft Drink Association ( NSDA ) , consumption of soft drinks is now over 600 12 - ounce servings ( 12 oz . ) per person per year .
Since 1978 , soda consumption in the US has tripled for boys and doubled for girls .
Young males age 12 - 29 are the biggest consumers at over 160 gallons per year — that ’s almost 2 quarts per day .
At these levels , the calories from soft drinks contribute as much as 10 percent of the total daily caloric intake for a growing boy .
TARGETING THE YOUNG
Huge increases in soft drink consumption have not happened by chance — they are due to intense marketing efforts by soft drink corporations .
Coca Cola , for example , has set the goal of raising consumption of its products in the US by at least 25 percent per year .
The adult market is stagnant so kids are the target .
According to an article in Beverage , January 1999 , “ Influencing elementary school students is very important to soft drink marketers . ”
Since the 1960s the industry has increased the single - serving size from a standard 6 -½ - ounce bottle to a 20 - ounce bottle .
At movie theaters and at 7 - Eleven stores the most popular size is now the 64 - ounce “ Double Gulp . ”
Soft drink companies spend billions on advertising .
Much of these marketing efforts are aimed at children through playgrounds , toys , cartoons , movies , videos , charities and amusement parks ; and through contests , sweepstakes , games and clubs via television , radio , magazines and the internet .
Their efforts have paid off .
Last year soft drink companies grossed over $ 57 billion in sales in the US alone , a colossal amount .
In 1998 the Center for Science in the Public Interest ( CSPI ) warned the public that soft drink companies were beginning to infiltrate our schools and kid clubs .
For example , they reported that Coca - Cola paid the Boys & Girls Clubs of America $ 60 million to market its brand exclusively in over 2000 facilities .
Fast food companies selling soft drinks now run ads on Channel One , the commercial television network with programming shown in classrooms almost every day to eight million middle , junior and high school students .
In 1993 , District 11 in Colorado Springs became the first public school district in the US to place ads for Burger King in its hallways and on the sides of its school buses .
Later , the school district signed a 10 - year deal with Coca - Cola , bringing in $ 11 million during the life of the contract .
This arrangement was later imitated all over Colorado .
The contracts specify annual sales quotas with the result that school administrators encourage students to drink sodas , even in the classrooms .
One high school in Beltsville , Maryland , made nearly $ 100,000 last year on a deal with a soft drink company .
While our children are exposed to unremitting publicity for soft drinks , evidence of their dangers accumulates .
The consumption of soft drinks , like land - mine terrain , is riddled with hazards .
We as practitioners and advocates of a healthy life - style recognize that consuming even as little as one or two sodas per day is undeniably connected to a myriad of pathologies .
The most commonly associated health risks are obesity , diabetes and other blood sugar disorders , tooth decay , osteoporosis and bone fractures , nutritional deficiencies , heart disease , food addictions and eating disorders , neurotransmitter dysfunction from chemical sweeteners , and neurological and adrenal disorders from excessive caffeine .
EARLY WARNINGS
Warnings about the dangers of soft drink consumption came to us as early as 1942 when the American Medical Association ’s ( AMA ) Council on Food and Nutrition made the following noble statement : “ From the health point of view it is desirable especially to have restriction of such use of sugar as is represented by consumption of sweetened carbonated beverages and forms of candy which are of low nutritional value .
The Council believes it would be in the interest of the public health for all practical means to be taken to limit consumption of sugar in any form in which it fails to be combined with significant proportions of other foods of high nutritive quality . ”
Since that time the first notable public outcry came in 1998 , 56 years later , when the CSPI published a paper called “ Liquid Candy ” blasting the food industry for “ mounting predatory marketing campaigns [ especially ] aimed at children and adolescents . ”
At a press conference , CSPI set up 868 cans of soda to represent the amount of soda the average young male consumed during the prior year .
For additional shock effect , CSPI displayed baby bottles with soft drink logos such as Pepsi , Seven - Up and Dr. Pepper , highlighting a study that “ found that parents are four times more likely to feed their children soda pop when their children use those logo bottles than when they do n’t . ”
In “ Liquid Candy ” CSPI revealed that even though , over a period of fifty years , soft drink production increased nine times and by 1998 “ … provided more than one - third of all refined sugars in the diet , . . . the AMA and other health organizations [ remained ] largely silent . ”
How could the medical community and we as responsible citizens concerned with health policy have been apathetic for a half a century ?
Considering this question makes me feel like a tired old guard dog that knows he is ignoring his responsibilities , but is too worn down to do anything about them .
Even if inertia were not a problem , the money and effort required to launch a public interest campaign to stand up to the soft drink industry would be Herculean if not impossible .
In the meantime , the relentlessly ambitious and wealthy soft drink companies with their very hip life - style ads manage to seduce ever increasing numbers of consumers , most of them our kids .
GI DISTRESS
One common problem I have seen over the years , especially in teenagers , is general gastrointestinal ( GI ) distress .
This includes increased stomach acid levels requiring acid inhibitors and moderate to severe gastric inflammation with possible stomach lining erosion .
The common complaint I hear is chronic “ stomach ache . ”
In almost every case , when the client successfully abstains from sodas and caffeine , the symptoms will go away .
What causes these symptoms ?
We know that many soda brands contain caffeine and that caffeine does increase stomach acid levels .
What we may not be aware of is that sodas also contain an array of chemical acids as additives , such as acetic , fumaric , gluconic and phosphoric acids , all of them synthetically produced .
That is why certain sodas work so well when used to clean car engines .
For human consumption , however , the effects are much less satisfying and quite precarious .
Drinking sodas , especially on an empty stomach , can upset the fragile acid-alkaline balance of the stomach and other gastric lining , creating a continuous acid environment .
This prolonged acid environment can lead to inflammation of the stomach and duodenal lining which becomes quite painful .
Over the long term , it can lead to gastric lining erosion .
Another problem with sodas is that they act as dehydrating diuretics , much like tea , coffee and alcohol .
All of these drinks can inhibit proper digestive function .
It is much healthier to consume herbal teas , nutritional soups and broths , naturally lacto - fermented beverages and water to supply our daily fluid needs .
These fluids support , not inhibit , digestion .
SPORTS DRINKS
Students are now being given “ electrolyte ” drinks called “ ergogenic aids ” to replace electrolytes that are allegedly depleted during workouts .
There are three problems with using these drinks as a rehydration solution .
First , most soft drinks are diuretics , meaning they squeeze liquids out of the body , thus exacerbating dehydration instead of correcting it .
Second , most people actually lose few electrolytes during exercise .
After exercise the body is usually in an electrolyte load having lost more fluids than electrolytes .
If sweating has been profuse , electrolytes can be replaced by drinking a lacto - fermented beverage or pure mineral water , which contains a proper ratio of minerals ( electrolytes ) , and by eating a healthy diet containing Celtic sea salt .
Third , when we give sugar - laden drinks to dehydrated kids , the high sugar content requires that blood be sent to the stomach to digest it .
This fluid shift can lower the blood volume in other parts of the body making them more susceptible to cramps and heat - related illnesses .
STIMULANT SOFT DRINKS AND VIOLENCE
The industry has begun to market so - called stimulant soft drinks , which usually consist of higher - than - usual levels of caffeine , along with other compound stimulants .
According to an article published in The Lancet , December 2000 , the Irish government ordered “ urgent research ” into the effects of so - called “ functional energy ” or stimulant soft drinks after the death of an 18 - year - old who died while playing basketball .
He had consumed three cans of “ Red Bull , ” a stimulant soft drink .
The article noted there have been reports of a rise in aggressive late - night violence occurring when people switch to these drinks while drowsy from too much alcohol .
The resulting violence was so pervasive that some establishments in Ireland have refused to sell stimulant drinks .
The entire European community has taken the problem seriously enough to ask the EU ’s scientific community to examine stimulant sodas and their effect on food and health safety , but no such outcry has been heard in the US .
BONE FRACTURES
Over the last 30 years a virtual tome of information has been published linking soft drink consumption to a rise in osteoporosis and bone fractures .
New evidence has shown an alarming rise in deficiencies of calcium and other minerals and resulting bone fractures in young girls .
A 1994 report published in the Journal of Adolescent Health summarizes a small study ( 76 girls and 51 boys ) and points toward an increasing and “ strong association between cola beverage consumption and bone fractures in girls . ”
High calcium intake offered some protection .
For boys , only low total caloric intake was associated with a higher risk of bone fractures .
The study concluded with the following : “ The high consumption of carbonated beverages and the declining consumption of milk are of great public health significance for girls and women because of their proneness to osteoporosis in later life . ”
A larger , cross sectional retrospective study of 460 high school girls was published in Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine in June 2000 .
The study indicated that cola beverages were “ highly associated with bone fractures . ”
In their conclusion the authors warned that , “ . . . national concern and alarm about the health impact of carbonated beverage consumption on teenaged girls is supported by the findings of this study ” ( emphasis mine ) .
THE BATTLE AHEAD
The dangers of society ’s other drinking problem have recently been in the news .
Senator Christopher Dodd and Representative George Miller have commissioned a study on the uses and oversight of school vending machines .
Pending legislation in the State of Maryland would turn school soda vending machines off during the school day .
Senator Patrick Leahy has introduced a bill requiring the USDA to rule within 18 months on banning or limiting the sale of soda and junk food in schools before students have eaten lunch .
The soft drink industry has fought back by funding four studies on soft drink consumption at the Georgetown Center for Food and Nutrition Policy .
Predictably , these studies found that there was nothing wrong with soft drinks .
In fact , researchers said they found a positive relationship between soft drink consumption and exercise .
All this means is that those children participating in sports programs drank more sodas .
The National Association of Secondary School Principals ( NAASP ) says that decisions about soda sales should be made at the local level and not by the federal government .
School administrators are caught between demands of a few parents for a saner food policy and the need for more funds in the face of dwindling school budgets .
One good idea comes from the Philippines , a country where malnutrition is an ominous health threat .
A recently devised plan there would allow citizens to cash in on the country ’s “ junk food diet ” by taxing every liter bottle of carbonated soft drink sold .
If the US taxed soft drink sales , the new income stream generated could then be distributed to declining school budgets .
Is this not a better idea than forcing our schools to sell their souls to soft drink companies under the titanic sink of fiscal degradation ?
The alarm has been sounded !
Are you listening ?
I strongly encourage all who are concerned about the health of their families to consider the debilitating consequences of drinking soft drinks .
How many more studies and reports need to be published before we notice the tsunami lurking ahead ?
In the 1970s , we finally recognized the risks of smoking .
In the 1990s , the problem of teenage drinking became widely known .
The new millennium is the time for awakening to the risks of soda consumption — America ’s other drinking problem .
Sidebar Articles
INGREDIENTS IN SOFT DRINKS — A WITCH’S BREW
High Fructose Corn Syrup , now used in preference to sugar , is associated with poor development of collagen in growing animals , especially in the context of copper deficiency .
All fructose must be metabolized by the liver .
Animals on high - fructose diets develop liver problems similar to those of alcoholics .
Aspartame , used in diet sodas , is a potent neurotoxin and endocrine disrupter .
See article on page 25 .
Caffeine stimulates the adrenal gland without providing nourishment .
In large amounts , caffeine can lead to adrenal exhaustion , especially in children .
Phosphoric acid , added to give soft drinks “ bite , ” is associated with calcium loss .
Citric acid often contains traces of MSG , a neurotoxin .
Artificial Flavors may also contain traces of MSG .
Water may contain high amounts of fluoride and other contaminants .
PHOSPHORIC ACID AND TOOTH ROT
Now that soft drinks are sold in almost all public and private schools , dentists are noticing a condition in teenagers that used to be found only in the elderly — a complete loss of enamel on the teeth , resulting in yellow teeth .
The culprit is phosphoric acid in soft drinks , which causes tooth rot as well as digestive problems and bone loss .
Dentists are reporting complete loss of the enamel on the front teeth in teenaged boys and girls who habitually drink sodas .
Normally the saliva is slightly alkaline , with a pH of about 7.4 .
When sodas are sipped throughout the day , as is often the case with teenagers , the phosphoric acid lowers the pH of the saliva to acidic levels .
In order to buffer this acidic saliva , and bring the pH level above 7 again , the body pulls calcium ions from the teeth .
The result is a very rapid depletion of the enamel coating on the teeth .
When dentists do cosmetic bonding , they first roughen up the enamel with a chemical compound — that chemical is phosphoric acid !
Young people who must have all their yellowed front teeth cosmetically bonded have already done part of the dentist ’s job , by roughening up the tooth surface with phosphoric acid .
Recently the National Institutes of Health held a conference on dental decay worldwide .
The speakers discussed many possible causes and solutions , but not one mentioned the known effects of phosphoric acid in soft drinks !
FRUIT JUICES
Consumers often drink commercial fruit juices in the belief that they are healthier than soft drinks .
However , the manufacture of fruit juices is a highly industrialized process .
Orange juice , for example , is made in huge quantities .
The entire orange is squeezed and goes into the tank , which means that neurotoxic cholinesterase inhibitor pesticide sprays on the peel end up in the juice .
Although the juice is pasteurized under high temperatures and pressures , pressure - resistent and temperature - resistant fungi and molds can remain in the juice .
Many mutagenic factors have been detected in commercial orange juice .
A compound made of soy protein and pectin is added to orange juice so that it remains opaque and does n’t settle .
Other fruits , such as grapes , present additional problems because of the large amounts of fluoride - containing pesticides used on the crops .
Fruit juices are very high in sugar and have actually been more detrimental to the teeth of test animals than sodas !
If you want to drink fruit juice , buy a juicer and make your own with organic fruit .
It ’s best to dilute a small amount of fruit juice with mineral water ( either flat or carbonated ) .
The juice of one - half grapefruit added to a glass of sparkling water , for example , makes a delicious , refreshing drink .
A recipe for a pineapple cooler , made from equal parts of fresh pineapple juice and whole raw milk , is found in old cookbooks .
In restaurants , order mineral water and some pieces of fresh lemon or lime .
Above all , support the comeback of traditional lacto - fermented beverages such as kombucha and kvass .
References
“ Soft Drinks Hard Facts , ” The Washington Post / Health , February 27 , 2001 .
“ Schools Hooked on Junk Food , ” The Washington Post , February 27 , 2001 .
“ Coke to Dilute Push in Schools For Its Products , ” The New York Times , March 14 , 2001 .
National Soft Drink Association .
Web Site , www.thesodafountain.com.
“ Some Nutritional Aspects of Sugar , Candy and Sweetened Carbonated Beverages , ” Journal of the American Medical Association , 1942;120:763-5 .
Liquid Candy , How Soft Drinks are Harming Americans ’ Health , M. Jacobson , PhD .
Web Site , CSPI.com .
“ Soft Drinks Undermining Americans ’ Health : Teens Consume Twice as Much ‘ Liquid Candy ’ as Milk , ” CSPI Press Release , Oct. 21 , 1998 .
Food Surveys Research Group – What We Eat in America .
USDA Web Site .
“ Relationship Between Consumption of Sugar - Sweetened Drinks & Childhood Obesity : AProspective and Observational Analysis , ” The Lancet , 2001 .
357:505-08 .
“ The Cariogenicity of Soft Drinks in the United States , ” Journal of the American Dental Association , Aug. 1984 109(2) :241-5 .
“ How Sugar - Containing Drinks Might Increase Adiposity in Children , ” The Lancet , 2001 .
357 ; 9225 .
“ Junk Food Boost for Health in the Philippines , ” The Lancet , 1997 .
350 ; 9087 .
“ Teenaged Girls , Carbonated Beverage Consumption , and Bone Fractures , ” Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , June 2000 .
154(6 ) .
“ Carbonated beverages , dietary calcium , the dietary calcium / phosphorus ratio , and bone fractures in girls and boys , ” Journal of Adolescent Health , May 1994 .
15 ( 3 ) : 210-5 .
“ Soft drink consumption among US children and adolescents : nutritional consequences , ” Journal of the American Dietetic Association , .
April 1999 .
( 4 ) : 436-41 .
“ Irish concerned about health effects of stimulant soft drinks , ” The Lancet , December 2000 ; 356 ; 9245 .
The Diet Cure , Julia Ross. 1999 .
Penguin Books , NY , NY .
Eating for A’s.
Alexander Schauss , Barbara Friedlander Meyer , Arnold Meyer .
1991 : NY Pocket Books .
The Encyclopedia of Nutrition & Good Health .
Robert Ronzio.1997 .
Facts on File , NY .
Fast Food Nation .
Eric Schlosser .
2001 .
Houghton Mifflin .
Nourishing Traditions .
Sally Fallon , with Mary Enig , PhD. NewTrends Publishing , Washington , DC
Textbook of Natural Medicine .
J. Pizzorno , M. Murray .
1999 2d Ed. Church Livingstone , NY .
“ Hard Line on Soft Drinks ? ” Nutrition Week , Community Nutrition Institute
This article appeared in Wise Traditions in Food , Farming and the Healing Arts , the quarterly magazine of the Weston A. Price Foundation , Summer 2001 .
Real estate
Smart ways to tap home equity ; how to raise the value of your home .
Five smart real estate moves in all . »»
Money management
Automate your investments and keep an eye on your credit score .
Just two of our smart money management moves . »»
Saving
Can running shoes save you money ?
Yes -- and we have seven more ideas to help you save . »»
Taxes
From flexible spending accounts to deducting a home office , read our smart tax moves . »»
Investing
Read tips from the pros on maximizing your investments . »»
Consumer
From getting the most out of your frequent flier miles to buying a used car , we have thirteen smart moves for savvy consumers . »»
Lindsay Lohan's got a new man and let 's just say Paris Hilton wo n't be happy .
We caught up with Lindsay at Dragonfly nightclub in Hollywood Sunday evening where several sources inside the club tell TMZ she was making out with Paris Hilton 's ex-boyfriend , Stavros Niarchos .
Though Lindsay went to great lengths not to be seen with the Greek shipping heir outside the nightclub -- hiding behind a sheet and telling photogs to " f*** off and die " -- the two were all smiles when spotted together earlier that night .
Lohan and Niarchos were photographed looking very flirtatious while hanging out at the Chateau Marmont , Lindsay 's home , before heading to a concert at Dragonfly .
You 'd think Lindsay would take great delight in sticking it to Paris Hilton , who has been somewhat instrumental in creating Lindsay 's now - famous nickname , " Firecrotch . "
TMZ 's video of Brandon Davis on a " Firecrotch " rant , Paris right by his side , is now firmly embedded in pop culture .
Related
Articles
How to Save Money on Auto Parts
As you know , buying auto parts can get expensive .
And it can be especially difficult to save money on parts for older vehicles .
To save some money , consider these 4 tips when buying auto parts :
1. Buy Used or Rebuilt Auto Parts
When searching for auto parts , you can save a lot of money by purchasing used or rebuilt auto parts .
You can buy used and rebuilt parts at local auto part junkyards or online used parts stores .
2. Online Auto Parts Auctions
If you ’re trying to get a good deal on an automotive part that has a high price tag , check out online auto part auctions .
You might be surprised what you ’ll find through an online auction .
Check out eBay for a huge selection of auto parts currently on auction .
3. Wholesale Car Parts
Sometimes it does n’t make sense to purchase a used part .
In those situations , consider checking out wholesale car parts stores .
Many of these wholesale auto parts are available online or through catalogs .
4. Discount Car Part Dealers
Type in “ discount car parts ” in your favorite search engine and you ’ll find a huge list of discount dealers .
Make sure to investigate the site before deciding to purchase from them .
Find out their return policies and who you can call if you have problems .
Global warming could be accelerated by an increase of plant cover in the arctic region , according to research published in the Journal of Geophysical Research - Biogeosciences .
The arctic region is already warming more quickly than anywhere else on Earth , and higher temperatures have stimulated winter plant growth on the tundra .
This additional vegetation could increase the amount of solar energy absorbed in the region ( snow reflects much of this energy straight back into space ) by as much as 70 per cent , the researchers say .
The study , carried out by US Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory and at Colorado State University , looked at how an increase in plant cover in high latitudes , particularly in Alaska , impacts the Earth 's albedo - a measure of how much sunlight is reflected from the planet 's surface .
" Basically , if tundra is converted to shrubland , more solar energy will be absorbed in the winter than before , " says Matthew Sturm , lead author of the study .
He notes that the regional warming , and the subsequent increase in plant cover will quickly form a positive feedback loop .
This could accelerate increases in the shrubs ' range and size over the four million square kilometer tundra , and cause significant changes in the region .
The researchers studied five sites in subarctic Alaska , each with a different kind of plant cover - ranging from full forest canopy , through to barren tundra .
They measured the mid-winter albedo of each site and found that melting began sooner in areas covered in shrubs than on the snowy plains .
Conversely , the shrubby areas had more shade , so the rate of melting was slower overall .
The thaw in all five regions finished at approximately the same time , the researchers found .
Sturm concludes that the changes would undoubtedly affect the carbon budget in the region , but added that scientists do n't yet understand exactly how .
One thing he is sure of is that with an estimated 40 per cent of the world 's carbon currently holed up in arctic soils , any change to the arctic 's carbon balance would certainly have a knock on effect on the global climate . ®
Bugtraq Mailing List
Email address : Confirm address :
You will receive an email confirmation
Please check the box to subscribe to or unsubscribe from Bugtraq .
The term first - person shooter refers to an independent computer game genre whose main characteristic is that it is played in the first - person perspective , with shooting as the main action of the game .
The player moves his or her character in a three - dimensional world and perceives the digital environment through the eyes of this virtual character .
A typical element within this genre is the virtual arm of the player , which remains in front at all times , and which represents the arm of the player reaching into virtual reality as a digital extension of his or her body .
This virtual arm is attached to the character ’s head movements , which are controlled by computer mouse .
No matter where the player looks , the arm holding the weapon stays at the lower right corner pointing toward the center of the screen .
It is , in fact , impossible to lower the arm .
In the project First Person Shooter , the arm holding the weapon of the video game Counter - Strike ( Valve 1999 ) is transferred into physical space .
The project consists of a postcard that is also a do - it - yourself kit .
Players who cut and glue all of the parts of the card together receive a pair of glasses bearing the arm with the weapon .
These graphic objects , adapted from the game Counter - Strike , are visible both from within and from outside the glasses .
When a player wears the glasses , the arm holding a weapon always remains in the front , regardless of the direction in which the player moves his or her head .
Attached to the eyes , the glasses reflect the strongly visual character of the game .
The private space between the eyes and the gun is contrasted by public space in which the user of the glasses is identified from the outside as a first - person shooter .
The First Person Shooter glasses are , of course , a provocation and a comment on violence in video games .
By transferring the typical first - person view to the real world , the player is confronted with his or her actions in the game .
At the same time , the project shows how separate everyday life in the physical world is from virtual gaming space , with its own rules .
Aram Bartholl 2006
www.arambartholl.com
More Pictures :
First Person Shooter gallery at flickr
Download FPS post card : PDF
By Henri Astier
BBC News website , Paris
There is a key difference between the French student rebels of the 1960s and those of today .
I 'll take the job if they give it to me ... I have no choice .
Chaouki Aroua
Four decades ago , unrest thrived on a heady mix of ideology and hope .
The current protests are fuelled by fear and insecurity .
The 1968 protesters rejected mainstream society .
Their modern brethren are angry at being kept out .
The issue that prompted the recent wave of demonstrations is a job scheme , called CPE , that allows employers to sack young workers at will during a two - year trial period .
This is anathema to a generation that feels shut out from the world of steady work .
Lucky to be employed
Take the story of Chaouki Aroua , a 24 - year - old business graduate from Bondy , just north of Paris .
" I left university almost two years ago and I 'm still looking for a decent sales job , " he says .
" I can probably find work flogging tyres or soap , but I have n't studied for four years to do that .
I prefer being a cleaner . "
In fact , that is just what he is .
After cleaning underground stations every day , Chaouki returns to his parents ' home - he cannot afford to get his own - and scans the internet for jobs .
" There are very few to go round , and I 'm at the back of the queue as I have no relevant experience . "
In desperation he applied for a job as a train driver - hiding his business degree to avoid being rejected as overqualified .
" I 'll take the job if they give it to me , " he says ruefully .
" I have no choice . "
Chaouki is among the lucky ones - at least he is employed .
Unpaid work
Joblessness is endemic among the 15 - 24 age - group in France .
I do n't have the paperwork for full unemployment benefits
Thierry de Ville d'Avray
About 23 % are registered as unemployed - an extremely high figure by international standards .
Many more youths are not even looking for work .
Not only does France create few entry - level jobs - but most are being offered on a casual basis .
The grim realities of the French labour market were brought home to Baptiste Thierry de Ville d'Avray , 24 , a budding photographer who completed a university course in multimedia technologies two years ago .
" I worked in bars and restaurants for a year - most of it was not declared , which means I do n't have the paperwork for full unemployment benefits , " he says .
Last year , Baptiste left a line of work he considered stultifying and is doing work with a co-operative of photographers - but he is not being paid .
Destitution risk
Most graduates who do find work are caught on an endless treadmill of dreary short - term jobs , interspersed with unemployed spells .
Raymond Torres , head of employment policy unit at the OECD , says only 45 % of those with short - term contracts get permanent jobs within three years .
In Germany and the UK , the figure is 60 % .
" It is very difficult once you have a short - term contract to get out of this situation in France , " Mr Torres told the BBC News website .
Such grim prospects haunt the current generation of school - leavers and graduates .
Without stable jobs , many find it all - but impossible to rent flats and live normal lives .
Nadia , a volunteer for AC ! , an association that helps the destitute , says she sees increasing numbers of young people whose lives are blighted by dead - end jobs .
" Things are getting worse , " she says .
" Until about three years ago , most of the people we dealt with were long - term unemployed .
" Now two - thirds have recently had some sort casual or temporary work that led to nothing . "
" Many people today live from one month to the next . "
Craving security
The reasons for the lack of good jobs are many and complex .
Mr Torres says a university system divorced from the world of business is one factor .
Unemployment in France is not a crime , but it can be a long sentence
" Typically French youths come out of four or five years in universities with no work experience whatsoever , " he says .
Furthermore , employers are reluctant to hire as shedding staff is cumbersome and risky .
" The legal uncertainty surrounding dismissals is a major source of labour rigidity and that may explain why employers are loathe to give permanent contracts , " Mr Torres adds .
Whatever the cause , the result is that the young in France crave job security above all - 75 % say they want to be public servants .
This explains their opposition to the government 's plan , which is aimed at making labour markets more fluid .
Concern for the future
Some French students , however , do not take a dim view of labour flexibility .
Renaud , 26 , was hired straight out of university under a new scheme similar to the CPE introduced last year - without triggering any protests - for companies with fewer than 20 employees .
He now works for a small financial consulting firm .
" I am rather in favour of flexible work contracts , " Renaud says .
" It enables employers to take someone on without committing themselves for the long term . "
" I prefer to live in a world where you can get fired within two weeks but find work quickly , than in a world where you have a job for life but it takes five years to find another if you lose it . "
Renaud , who holds a Masters ' degree in finance and oozes confidence , is very much in the minority among French students .
Most - unlike the 1968 - ers who wanted to change the world - worry about the future and are desperate to hold on to whatever job stability they can salvage .
( define greater - than - 10
X -> true where (> X 10 )
_ -> false
)
( 11 -) ( greater - than - 10 20 )
true
( 12 -) ( greater - than - 10 5 )
false
( define prime ?
X -> ( prime1 ? X ( sqrt X ) 2 ) )
( define prime1 ?
X Max Div -> true where (> Div Max )
X Max Div -> false where ( integer ? (/ X Div ) )
X Max Div -> ( prime1 ? X Max (+ 1 Div ) ) )
( 62 - ) [ [ [ [ ] 4 [ ] ] 2 [ [ ] 5 [ ] ] ] 1 [ [ [ ] 6 [ ] ] 3 [ [ ] 7 [ ] ] ] ]
[ [ [ [ ] 4 [ ] ] 2 [ [ ] 5 [ ] ] ] 1 [ [ [ ] 6 [ ] ] 3 [ [ ] 7 [ ] ] ] ]
( 70 - ) ( set * b - list * [ [ [ [ ] g [ ] ] h [ [ [ ] f [ ] ] i [ [ ] e [ ] ] ] ] a [ [ ] b [ [ [ ] d [ ] ] c [ ] ] ] ] )
[ [ [ [ ] g [ ] ] h [ [ [ ] f [ ] ] i [ [ ] e [ ] ] ] ] a [ [ ] b [ [ [ ] d [ ] ] c [ ] ] ] ]
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) # \Escape )
( define dfs-pre
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) # \Escape )
[ L X R ]
[ L X R ]
[ L X R ]
_ -> #\Escape
) ( 86 - ) ( dfs - pre ( value * b- list * ) )
a h g i f e b c d # \Escape
( define dfs-post
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) # \Escape )
[ L X R ] [ L X R ] [ L X R ] _ ->
#\Escape
)
( 88 - ) ( dfs - post ( value * b- list * ) )
g f e i h d c b a # \Escape
( define dfs-in
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) # \Escape )
[ L X R ] [ L X R ] [ L X R ] _ ->
#\Escape
)
( 89 - ) ( dfs - in ( value * b- list * ) )
g h f i e a b d c # \Escape
( 91 -) ( track dfs-in )
dfs-in
( 92 - ) ( step +)
True
( define dfs-pre *
[ ] -> [ ]
[ L X R ] -> ( append ( append [ X ] ( dfs- pre * L ) ) ( dfs- pre * R ) ) )
( 95 -) ( dfs- pre * ( value * b- list * ) )
[ a h g i f e b c d ]
( define dfs-pre
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) true )
[ L X R ] [ L X R ] [ L X R ] _ -> true
)
( 111 - ) ( dfs - pre ( value * b- list * ) )
a h g i f e b c d true
( define dfs-pre
[ [ ] X [ ] ] -> ( do ( output " ~A " X ) true )
[ L X R ] -> ( let Result ( do ( output " ~A " X ) true )
Result ) where ( not Result )
[ L X R ] -> ( let Result ( dfs- pre L )
Result ) where ( not Result )
[ L X R ] -> ( let Result ( dfs- pre R )
Result ) where ( not Result )
_ -> true
)
1 Comments :
Qi Programming Basics : Where Guards and Backtracking .
In Pattern Matching Basics , we learned about values that must match literals or named parameters .
We also learned that this pattern matching can fail .
We learned that on the right hand side , you can return a value when the left hand side matches .
But what if we want to ensure our variable matches also meet some other specific conditions ?
Having covered the left hand side of the arrow operator , we can now cover the right hand side of the -> operator , which deals with restricting function calls .
The “ where ” allows us to call whatever function we want to and have it return only if said “ where ’ function returns true .
If the where returns false , we continue down the function definitions until we find both a left hand pattern match , and a right hand “ where ” clause satisfaction .
Let us take a simple example , greater - than - 10Just as the pattern matching side acts as a sieve for the structure of the input , the where clause acts as functional sieve to ensure that the data matches certain parameters .
It makes it easy to define recursive functions .
Simply specify the basic cases first and the recursive cases after .
The prime ?
function given in the Qi language book shows this behavior well and I ’ll include it hereSo prime calls prime1 ?
setting X to the prime we want to test for , Max to the sqrt of X to limit the prime testing , and Div to 2 .
If the Div is greater than the Max , it returns true because obviously we have tested for primeness up to the sqrt of X .
If it finds any integer divisors , the number is obviously non prime so it returns false .
If we pass the first 2 where clauses , then we know we need to test another number so it adds 1 to Div and calls itself recursively and thus walks up to Div > Max .
This specifies the prime numbers and is easy to read , but inefficient .
So now that we understand the simple basics of the where clause , we use them to implement some very interesting constructs .
Qi provides some syntactic sugar to make writing these sorts of constructs easier , but we should remember that we are only truly dealing with the “ where ” clause fundamentally .
We need to learn about a few new important operators and a new literal .
First , we introduce the to signify that if the pattern on the left matches , and the function on the right does not fail , then we can return the result .
We specify the idea of “ failure ” by the literal # \Escape , which is also known as the failure object .
We will also introduce a form called “ fail - if ” that can help make these functions more readable and robust .
Let us begin with a simple case of a binary tree of numbers built out of lists .
We will use the empty list to signify a null tree .
So we have structures like [ L X R ] where L and R are lists of that type or empty lists .
Now let us use an old backtracking standby of the computer science world , DFS .
DFS , for those who do not know , stands for Depth First Search .
A DFS goes to the left hand side and right hand side while printing its way around the list .
How it prints depends on if we have want a preorder DFS , an inorder DFS , or a postorder DFS .
You can find more on the concept at the Wikipedia Tree Search Algorithm page .
We can define a tree that looks like the tree on that page as follows .
( Here we use the “ set ” function to set a symbol to the value of the list , to make things easier to read . )
So how can we use the backtracking operator and the # \Escape symbol to implement this algorithm ?
First , we must note that we will need to return the # \Escape object for every result .
This will ensure that our backtracking operations continue to happen even after we have matched something successfully and have “ done ” something ( in this case print out an element ) .
The basic case is when we have an empty node of only one element , for example [ [ ] 7 [ ] ] should print 7 and return the failure object .
That accomplishes that for us .
It is also the base case so we can put it at the top of the function .
Obviously , we do n’t want it to backtrack , as it is the basic case , so we use the -> operator to indicate that we wish to stop backtracking when this rule matches .
But note that it does return the # \Escape element , as we do n’t ’ know where we are in the tree and we want any additional backtracking left on the stack to continue .
The important point to remember is when a function returns something other than # \Escape , we halt the computation .
What about the rest of the function ?
It depends on if we want preorder , inorder , or postorder printing of elements .
We will start with the preorder case as we can follow the computation a bit more easily .
It should print the first element , then print the left tree , then print the right tree .
But at each of those operations , we want it to backtrack and continue on even after it has printed or displayed part of the tree for us .
In this way , we can use the function stack as our “ visit ” stack .
( Stacks are a requirement of DFS )
By going back up the computational stack , we can find the next element that we should print .
For Preorder we have [ L X R ] # \EscapePutting this together gives us the following definition .
The letters above are the results from the “ output ” function .
The # \Escape is the end of our computation , as our function only returns # \Escape , we should not feel surprised to see it at the end of our output from the top level .
We can accomplish post order by simply switching around the order that the function calls come in the list .
Instead of printing first and backtracking to dfs L and dfs R , we can put the print at the end and come up with postorder .
And finally , we can define inorder as the following , by placing the print in between the L and R cases .
Now if you input the following at the top level and run that program again , you will be able to see each of the inputs and watch how the # \Escape return values help move this backtracking along .
Long time computer science types will realize that this is a foolish way to handle DFS , and I would like to point out that I chose this method because walking trees is fairly well known and simply helps us learn .
We can define a DFS inorder much easier by simply appending lists together .
It takes no more lines in Qi than it does in Haskell .
Nicer , but not my point .
* smile * Now perhaps we want to fail on a specific test of a result as opposed to using only the # \Escape operator to handle backtracking .
Could our dfs function return true and still allow for backtracking ?
Fortunately , Qi provides us with a special form called “ fail - if ” that does exactly that .
It takes in a function and a value .
It tests to see if the value causes the function to return true .
If it dose , it starts backtracking .
If the test returns false , however , it stops backtracking .
It basically means “ backtrack if true ” .
Let us make a version of dfs - pre that uses these semantics .
Now after listing this form , try to see how the backtracking operator connects to the “ where ” clause described earlier .
We have a test like in where .
( /. Y Y ) , and we pass over clauses that do not match this test .
All we are missing is a way to ensure that we do n’t double up on the clauses .
We want to return the clause AND test it in our where .
Let us try a final rewrite of dfs - pre that uses only the usual -> operators and the where .
We would like it to look like .
However , you can see the Result variable goes out of scope at the end of the let and thus is not available to the where clause .
If you tried to compile this you would get====== >
Warning : the following variables are free in dfs- pre : Result ; But you should remember that Qi deals with this internally and we can simply use the expressive power of the Obviously , that serves as only the beginning of what we can accomplish with backtracking in Qi .
In chapter 7 of the language book , we find a proplog based system that uses backtracking to build a backward chaining proof procedure .
Hopefully , this guide should give you enough background on how the Qi where clause works so that you can fully understand the code in that chapter .
I hope you enjoyed this little guide to the Qi where clause and backtracking in general .
Using backtracking can greatly enhance the expressiveness of your program and provide a powerful syntax for dealing with recursion and non-determinism .
Please let me know any questions or comments that you have !
Post a Comment
You do n't have to attend every argument you 're invited to .
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese !
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity .
Nokia and BT have signed off on a deal which will see more Nokia hardware powering BT 's 5G network around the country .
The deal will see Nokia hardware used in a lot more areas than it is right now .
Thatcher refused to sanction criticism of French over sinking of Greenpeace ship , archives showRead the documents here
Margaret
Thatcher refused to sanction official criticism of the French over the blowing up of the British - registered Greenpeace ship Rainbow Warrior even after Paris had admitted being behind the bombing , newly released documents show .
The then prime minister sided with the foreign secretary , Geoffrey Howe , who did not want to " rub salt in French wounds " , despite calls from cabinet colleagues who thought the government should take a firmer line .
The then transport secretary , Nicholas Ridley , described the incident as " an outrageous act of terrorism " .
The papers also show that the Thatcher government refused to hold an inquiry into the sinking , as it had the power to do , but kept this decision secret until the public outcry had faded .
French secret agents blew up the Rainbow Warrior to prevent Greenpeace protesting against the testing of nuclear weapons at Mururoa in the South Pacific .
The bombing of the ship when it was moored in Auckland harbour , New Zealand , in July 1985 killed one of the crew and brought protests from around the world .
Greenpeace 's campaigns director , Blake Lee Harwood , said yesterday : " The Thatcher administration was famously unsympathetic to Greenpeace and so their action in downplaying an act of state terrorism and murder was entirely in character .
However , 20 years on , remaining mute in the face of the blowing up of a peaceful ship in the harbour of a Commonwealth country seems strangely at odds with Tony Blair 's war on terror . "
The documents , released to Greenpeace under the Freedom of Information Act , show that when the French admitted after two months that they were responsible for the bombing , Mr Howe wrote : " We have no wish to rub salt in French wounds , nor do we wish to appear more aggrieved than Greenpeace .
We took care to avoid impugning France prior to the official French admission of responsibility . "
The documents also show that Mr Howe intervened to tone down criticism of the French .
John Prescott , then an opposition MP sponsored by the National Union of Seamen , had written to Mr Ridley calling on the government to condemn this " act of war " and launch an inquiry .
The Rainbow Warrior was registered in Aberdeen .
Under maritime law , the British government had the right to investigate the loss of any British - registered ship , but was not obliged to do so .
According to a transport department memo , Mr Ridley at first told his officials of " the need he saw for a robust attitude by the government to the sinking " .
" The two key points he felt should be included in the reply to Mr Prescott were the government 's condemnation of this act and the government 's readiness if appropriate ( ie , essentially , in relation to any French government involvement ) to seek compensation as a manifestation of diplomatic protection of British interests . "
Mr Ridley 's officials drafted a reply to Mr Prescott saying : " This was an outrageous act of terrorism against a British vessel with tragic loss of life , which the government utterly condemn . "
It refers to Fernando Pereira , the photographer who was killed , as a " murdered man . "
Three days later , a Foreign Office official wrote to the transport department , saying that Mr Howe had seen the draft and suggested a softer response , which was eventually sent to Mr Prescott : " This was a lamentable event .
The government deeply regret the death of a member of the crew .
We hope the culprits can be brought to justice . "
Davey Edwards , the engineer of the Rainbow Warrior and the only British crew member , told the Guardian this year that he remained angry that he had not received any diplomatic support from the government , any financial help , or even a new passport , and that no public protest had been made about an act of terrorism and murder .
The documents also show that British diplomats agreed that it was in Britain 's interest for the French and the New Zealand government , which was furious at the bombing in its waters and was trying to prosecute the perpetrators , to patch up their differences and seek a way of ending the controversy .
One wrote : " I share the view that it is in our own and the general western interest for France and New Zealand to seek an accommodation now that [ the French prime minister ]
Fabius 's frank if tardy admission of French guilt has terminated the lies and evasion and opened the way for more constructive moves . "
Missile Control Systems
Can you please explain to me how a missile turns in flight ?
I never see rudders on the fins or any small rockets on the side to push it any direction .
- question from name withheld
The heart of a missile is the body , equivalent to the fuselage of an aircraft .
The missile body contains the guidance and control system , warhead , and propulsion system .
Some missiles may consist of only the body alone , but most have additional surfaces to generate lift and provide maneuverability .
Depending on what source you look at , these surfaces can go by many names .
In particular , many use the generic term " fin " to refer to any aerodynamic surface on a missile .
Missile designers , however , are more precise in their naming methodology and generally consider these surfaces to fall into three major categories : canards , wings , and tail fins .
Major components of a missile
The example shown above illustrates a generic missile configuration equipped with all three surfaces .
Often times , the terms canard , wing , and fin are used interchangeably , which can get rather confusing .
These surfaces behave in fundamentally different ways , however , based upon where they are located with respect to the missile center of gravity .
In general , a wing is a relatively large surface that is located near the center of gravity while a canard is a surface near the missile nose and a tail fin is a surface near the aft end of the missile .
Most missiles are equipped with at least one set of aerodynamic surfaces , especially tail fins since these surfaces provide stability in flight .
The majority of missiles are also equipped with a second set of surfaces to provide additional lift or improved control .
Very few designs are equipped with all three sets of surfaces .
We have discussed how aircraft use control surfaces to turn the plane in different directions in a number of previous questions ( see parts of an aircraft , origins of control surfaces , and adverse yaw ) .
Whereas most aircraft have fixed horizontal and vertical tails with smaller movable rudder and elevator surfaces , missiles typically use all - moving surfaces , like those illustrated below , to accomplish the same purpose .
Deflection of a control surface on a missile
In order to turn the missile during flight , at least one set of aerodynamic surfaces is designed to rotate about a center pivot point .
In so doing , the angle of attack of the fin is changed so that the lift force acting on it changes .
The changes in the direction and magnitude of the forces acting on the missile cause it to move in a different direction and allow the vehicle to maneuver along its path and guide itself towards its intended target .
An example of a control surface deflection on an AIM - 9M Sidewinder model is illustrated below .
Canard deflections on an AIM - 9M Sidewinder
Canards , wings , and tails are often lumped together and referred to as aerodynamic controls .
A more recent development in missile maneuvering systems is called unconventional control .
Most unconventional control systems involve some form of thrust vector control ( TVC ) or jet interaction ( JI ) .
We have now introduced four major categories of missile flight control systems -- tail control , canard control , wing control , and unconventional control -- so let 's briefly take a closer look at each type .
Four main categories of missile flight controls
Tail Control :
Tail control is probably the most commonly used form of missile control , particularly for longer range air - to - air missiles like AMRAAM and surface - to - air missiles like Patriot and Roland .
The primary reason for this application is because tail control provides excellent maneuverability at the high angles of attack often needed to intercept a highly maneuverable aircraft .
Missiles using tail control are also often fitted with a non-movable wing to provide additional lift and improve range .
Some good examples of such missiles are air - to - ground weapons like Maverick and AS.30 as well as surface - to - surface missiles like Harpoon and Exocet .
Tail control missiles rarely have canards , although one such example is AIM - 9X Sidewinder .
A selection of 23 representative missiles using tail control is pictured below .
Missiles with tail control
In addition to missiles , some bombs also use tail control .
An example is the JDAM series of GPS - guided bombs .
Canard Control :
Canard control is also quite commonly used , especially on short - range air - to - air missiles like AIM - 9M Sidewinder .
The primary advantage of canard control is better maneuverability at low angles of attack , but canards tend to become ineffective at high angles of attack because of flow separation that causes the surfaces to stall .
Since canards are ahead of the center of gravity , they cause a destabilizing effect and require large fixed tails to keep the missile stable .
These two sets of fins usually provide sufficient lift to make wings unnecessary .
Shown below are twelve examples of canard control missiles .
Missiles with canard control
A further subset of canard control missiles is the split canard .
Split canards are a relatively new development that has found application on the latest generation of short - range air - to - air missiles like Python 4 and the Russian AA - 11 .
The term split canard refers to the fact that the missile has two sets of canards in close proximity , usually one immediately behind the other .
The first canard is fixed while the second set is movable .
The advantage of this arrangement is that the first set of canards generates strong , energetic vortices that increase the speed of the airflow over the second set of canards making them more effective .
In addition , the vortices delay flow separation and allow the canards to reach higher angles of attack before stalling .
This high angle of attack performance gives the missile much greater maneuverability compared to a missile with single canard control .
Six examples of split canard missiles are shown below .
Missiles with split canard control
Many smart bombs also use canard control systems .
Most notable of these are laser guided bombs such as the Paveway series .
Wing Control :
Wing control was one of the earliest forms of missile control developed , but it is becoming less commonly used on today 's designs .
Most missiles using wing control are longer - range missiles like Sparrow , Sea Skua , and HARM .
The primary advantage of wing control is that the deflections of the wings produce a very fast response with little motion of the body .
This feature results in small seeker tracking error and allows the missile to remain locked on target even during large maneuvers .
The major disadvantage is that the wings must usually be quite large in order to generate both sufficient lift and control effectiveness , which makes the missiles rather large overall .
In addition , the wings generate strong vortices that may adversely interact with the tails causing the missile to roll .
This behavior is known as induced roll , and if the effect is strong enough , the control system may not be able to compensate .
A few examples of wing control missiles are shown below .
Missiles with wing control
Unconventional Control :
Unconventional control systems is a broad category that includes a number of advanced technologies .
Most techniques involve some kind of thrust vectoring .
Thrust vectoring is defined as a method of deflecting the missile exhaust to generate a component of thrust in a vertical and / or horizontal direction .
This additional force points the nose in a new direction causing the missile to turn .
Another technique that is just starting to be introduced is called reaction jets .
Reaction jets are usually small ports in the surface of a missile that create a jet exhaust perpendicular to the vehicle surface and produce an effect similar to thrust vectoring .
Unconventional control technologies
These techniques are most often applied to high off - boresight air - to - air missiles like AIM - 9X Sidewinder and IRIS -T to provide exceptional maneuverability .
The greatest advantage of such controls is that they can function at very low speeds or in a vacuum where there is little or no airflow to act on conventional fins .
The primary drawback , however , is that they will not function once the fuel supply is exhausted .
Missiles with unconventional controls
Examples of missiles employing unconventional controls are shown above .
Note that most missiles equipped with unconventional controls do not rely on these controls alone for maneuverability , but only as a supplement to aerodynamic surfaces like canards and tail fins .
Other Options :
Finally , it should be noted that some missiles do exist that use conventional controls similar to those employed by aircraft .
These systems are usually referred to as bank - to - turn controls since the missile banks much like an airplane would .
Most weapons employing such controls are cruise missiles like Tomahawk and ALCM .
- answer by Jeff Scott , 11 January 2004
Related Topics :
SeisMac 3.0
SeisMac is a Mac OS X application that turns your MacBook or MacBook Pro into a seismograph .
It accesses your laptop 's Sudden Motion Sensor in order to display real - time , three - axis acceleration graphs .
Version 3.0 lets you select and export your collected seismic data .
The resizable , real - time scrolling display shows an enormous amount of acceleration information .
Place your laptop on a table and see the seismic waves from tapping your toe on the floor .
Lay your laptop on your chest and see your heartbeat .
And of course , if there is a real earthquake , SeisMac will be displaying full seismic information while you drop , cover and hold - on .
When running on the MacBook or MacBook Pro , SeisMac has a range of plus or minus two gravities of acceleration , displaying 256 values per gravity , sampled up to five hundred times per second for each axis .
SeisMac is also compatible with older Sudden Motion Sensor - equipped iBooks and PowerBooks .
Note : SeisMac requires a Sudden Motion Sensor , which is only useful on a laptop with a real spinning hard drive .
Apple stopped including Sudden Motion Sensors on their recent laptops which can only be ordered with a solid state flash drive , so SeisMac wo n't work on these .
Sorry ...
For better accuracy , you can use SeisMaCalibrate to calibrate your laptop 's Sudden Motion Sensors .
SeisMac is based on SMSLib , my open - source Sudden Motion Sensor access library .
SeisMac is freeware .
You can download version 3.0 here ( Mac OS X 10.4 or later ) .
Yesterday , in Top 20 all time stupid Republican quotes , brought to us by Mr. Liberal , we had a lot of fun .
To extend it , I thought we could list our FAVORITE quotes .
It was hard to limit it to 25 , but mine are below the fold ( the order is pretty arbitrary , I like all of these a lot , but number 1 is special ) .
How Telescopes Work
And What You Can See Through Them
Andromeda Galaxy
Orion Nebula
Almach
For my birthday a few weeks ago ( 40 ! ) I received an 8 " dobsonian telescope from my wife and her family .
Of course the weather here in Northern California suddenly took a turn for the worse immediately after I brought it home , but there have still been a few clear nights .
One of the frustrating things about astronomy is that what you can see with an amateur telescope from your back yard in a well lit city is quite different from what you can see from the wilderness with a telescope the size of a truck .
Unfortunately , even a great book like The Backyard Astronomer 's Guide is dominated by the latter type of picture ( like that fantasic picture of the Andromeda galaxy on its cover ) .
So I thought I 'd tell it like it really is and give you an idea of what you can see from my location .
Before that , I want to mention something about telescopes .
My telescope is a Newtonian reflector and if you look at the pictures on Wikipedia you 'll notice that the secondary mirror forms an obstruction that blocks some of the light entering the telescope .
A frequently asked question is " why ca n't you see the obstruction through the scope " ?
In fact , if you put your hand in front of the aperture the effect on what you see , if the image is in focus , is negligible , just a little darkening .
The explanation is very simple , but nobody seems to phrase it the same as me .
The idea is this : a lens , that 's in focus , is a device that converts direction into position .
Suppose the telescope is oriented along the x-axis .
Think of a ray of light as having the equation y=mx+c .
Think of m as the ray direction and c as its position .
If that ray passes through a lens or mirror and is projected onto a screen , denote the position at which it arrives on the screen by f( m , c ) .
It 's clearly a function of m and c .
The crucial point is that for a screen at precisely the focal length away from the lens or mirror , f ( m , c ) is independent of c .
That 's the raison d'être of a telescope .
All rays with gradient m arrive at the same point .
So we end up with a bright image because we can collect lots of rays coming from the same direction .
But also , any information about the ray 's position , ie .
c , has been erased .
Information about the shape of the obstruction is positional information contained in c .
This has been erased , and hence you can't see the obstruction .
In practice you really need to consider primary lens ( or mirror ) , plus eyepiece , plus lens of the eye projecting onto the retina , but the principle is the same .
For the more formally inclined , the erasure of c information corresponds to a zero in a transfer matrix
In brief : a lens or mirror focussed on infinity is a position eraser .
My first two subjects were probably the same as every other amateur astronomer .
I started with the Andromeda galaxy .
Through binoculars it looks like a faint fuzzy blob .
And here 's the truth of how it looks through a telescope : it looks like a fuzzy blob , at least from a well lit city .
I could n't make out any kind of structure at all , let alone spiral arms .
It did n't even look elliptical , just a circular blob with brightness falling off radially from the centre .
I also saw one of its neighbours , M32 or M110 .
At first I thought that the fuzzy blob was the galaxy and that I needed more magnification to see detail .
But now I think that I was seeing just the core of the Andromeda galaxy with the arms filling a wider area but remaining invisible because they 're no brighter that the sky in my part of the world .
The Orion nebula , on the other hand , was stunning !
In outline , it looked remarkably like the picture at wikipedia , but without the colour .
When I switched to using a filter ( a narrow bandpass Lumicon UHC filter ) it became even clearer .
Not only could I clearly see the shape of the nebula but I could also see structure all the way through the cloud .
It looked even better after I 'd been viewing it for a while , probably as my eyes became better adapted to the dark .
This was the best thing I 've seen through a telescope ever !
I 'll mention the last thing I looked at : γ Andromedae , otherwise known as Almach .
It 's a binary star system that can't be resolved with the naked eye .
I used a wide field of view lens and was disappointed to see that it still looked like a single star .
But then I switched eyepieces and I saw it - a beautiful pair of stars , one brighter and yellowy orange and the other deep blue .
You read about the colour of stars but it 's often a disappointment .
A single star on its own tends to look white with a hint of colour because the eye does n't register colour well in such low light conditions .
But when you see two contrasting stars so close together it makes a world of difference .
The deep blue of the smaller star was unmistakable and the blue really was astonishingly blue .
That must be quite a sight for the γ Andromedans .
But I should add that the blue star is in fact a triple star system in its own right , so γ Andromedae is actually a quadruple star system .
I was unable to resolve more stars than two ( and you can only tell there are four by inference from spectrography , not direct viewing ) .
I also tried to find the Crab Nebula .
I 'm 99 % sure that I was pointing at the right part of the sky and I did in fact see a faint smudge just at the limits of my perception .
I had a jiggle the telescope around a bit just to be sure I was n't imagining it , but sure enough , it appeared to be attached to the sky , not the scope or my eyes .
But it certainly did n't look like the pictures .
Anyway , now you have a better idea of what you can see from a city .
Labels : astronomy
“ People should n’t be able to open my classes . ”
“ They need compile time type checking so the app does n’t blow up . ”
“ Extending system libraries is bad . ”
Concerns like these all seem to boil down to one major theme :
The people I work with are stupid .
It ’s not really stupid people , it ’s people who ’ve accepted a stupid idea .
Java ’s design is based on the idea that a language can prevent misuse by making bad things hard to do .
It ’s defensive thinking .
Another case of escaped and unescaped strings concerns safely composing SQL queries and updates ( another solved problem in other languages ) .
The argument is always in favour of using library functions that do the conversion for you , like PreparedStaement .
If you think about it , that ’s no damn good .
What that does is treat everything like an unsafe String and only convert it at the very last second .
If you ’re going to do any fancy SQL composition , you can only do it with stuff that is n’t a user value , so you have to keep track of escaped and unescaped strings anyways .
And finally , your libraries still have all the unsafe APIs that do n’t perform the conversion for you , so you are relying on your iron will and self - discipline to prevent errors , rather than having the compiler perform what is really a rather trivial check .
I have no problem with relying on iron will and self - discipline to eliminate errors .
But if your argument is that iron will is appropriate for preventing SQL injection attacks , why is n’t iron will appropriate for preventing trivial type errors that would result in a MethodNotImplemented exception ?
: The authors of The Little Schemer and The Little MLer bring deep and important insights to the Java language .
Every serious Java programmer should own a copy .
A Little Java , a Few Patterns :
The authors of The Little Schemer and The Little MLer bring deep and important insights to the Java language .
Every serious Java programmer should own a copy .
UnescapedString extends String
EscapedString extends String
tainted
unsafe
UnescapedStrings
HttpRequest
UnescapedString
EscapedStrings
UnescapedString
EscapedString
UnescapedString
EscapedString
NullPointerExceptions
introduces ML ( and Ocaml ) through a series of entertaining and straightforward exercises leading up to the construction of the Y Combinator .
With ML and Ocaml you can design rich types that fit the domain model and all types are checked at compile time through type inference .
The Little MLer introduces ML ( and Ocaml ) through a series of entertaining and straightforward exercises leading up to the construction of the Y Combinator .
With ML and Ocaml you can design rich types that fit the domain model and all types are checked at compile time through type inference .
BigDecimals
Integers
null
Joel Spolsky described using naming conventions to highlight errors like this .
It ’s interesting that Hungarian Notation was invented for this kind of thing , but somehow a Cargo Cult has arisen around Systems Hungarian where programmers use it for things like marking integers , a fact that the compiler and IDE already know , but do n’t use it for domain - specific things like whether a string is safe .
Tim Sweeney of Epic Games wrote an incredibly lucid wish list for The Next Mainstream Programming Language , where he discusses in detail the exact issues his team has faced building and maintaining Unreal .
His presentation is available in PowerPoint and PDF formats .
He has given a lot of thought to how static typing could help build and maintain huge , complex , commercial applications .
Stop worrying about the theoretical errors we do n’t actually make .
We unit test , we review our code .
We ’re not concerned with obvious , superficial problems .
Agitate for language features that can help us solve these important problems .
If the next version of javac can do escape analysis , it can identify potential null pointer exceptions , possibly through inference so we do n’t even have to type more code .
Educate ourselves about the bleeding edge of language development .
No , that is n’t C# 3.0 , Common Lisp , or Ruby 2.0 .
It ’s ML , Haskell , Erlang , and a bunch of other things I need to learn .
We may not be able to use Haskell to build Yet Another Boring Web Commerce Application , but we might learn enough to use a new naming convention or possible to write a string container that enforces escaped safety .
There ’s an argument that static typing prevents errors by detecting them at compile and / or edit time .
In a trivial sense , this is absolutely true .
You can , for example , write a Java program with such an error and watch Eclipse highlight the offence .
The interesting thing I ’ve noticed is that many of the people in favour of static typing are arguing from a position of “ Do what I say , not as I do .
” I do n’t mean that they program in Python .
I mean that when I ask them whether they would have typing troubles in a dynamic language , their answer is often “ well , I would n’t , but every business needs hordes of monkey / offshore / intern / new graduate programmers who do make these errors .
” Let ’s stop worrying about errors we do n’t actually make .
Let ’s stop worrying about errors some hypothetical junior , error - prone programmer might make .
Here ’s an interesting question : what sorts of typing errors do experienced , intelligent programmers actually make ?
And what sorts of typing errors sneak through unit tests and even QA and into production ?
And most especially , what sorts of typing errors have catastrophic consequences in production ?
Now those are interesting errors .
Those are worth worrying about .
I ’ll go further : those are worth static typing .
Here ’s one from my actual , hands on experience .
Distinguishing escaped from unescaped strings .
I do n’t know if I ’m using the right words here : I ’m thinking of a typical XML or XHTML application where some of the time a string is just a string , but some of the time it has a bunch of its characters replaced or escaped with special entities .
I ’m not alone in considering this a problem .
Web applications that screw this up are vulnerable to cross site scripting ( XSS ) attacks .
This is very bad , and if static typing could help I ’d eagerly embrace it .
How could static typing help ?
Well , imagine if you designate some strings as escaped and some as unescaped .
So our type hierarchy is that there is String , , and .
( Actually , I ’d prefer interfaces if I were designing a Java - like language , but that ’s by the by ) .
Now there are certain critical places where we would need to harden our application .
The first is everywhere we get strings from users .
These strings , just likeorvariables in scripting languages like PHP , need to be .
We would type our methods accordingly ( in Java , this could be accomplished with annotations ) .
For example , anything snarfed from theobject is anThen when we present strings , we type the methods as takingonly .
If we try to pass a POS ( Plain Old String ) orto a method parameterized by an , we get a compile time error .
To get around the errors , we need to escape our strings .
We do that by writing a conversion method somewhere that , you guessed it , takes anas a parameter and returns anNaturally our application would be full of bookkeeping annotations as we keep track of which strings are escaped and which are n’t .
But my gut feeling is that catching this kind of error at compile time would be worth it .
Here ’s another error that I think is worth the effort of static typing .
The bane of my existence when maintaining legacy Java code : This is actually a solved problem in languages like Haskell .
Static typing can easily distinguish between methods that might return a null ( like getting a column from a database row ) and variables that must not contain a null .
The compiler can and should force you to write code that handles the null case .
Here ’s my question to my fellow Java programmers : why do we tolerate a compiler that forces us to type some things asand some things as , but we do n’t insist that the compiler catch places where we are n’t checking forThese are just two places where static typing could help experienced programmers solve problems that plague real , production code .
I ’m all for static typing , if it can help me with the errors I actually encounter .
That being said , there is a lot of work being done in this area , although obviously not by Sun or Microsoft ( to be specific , not by their C# team ) .
As mentioned , Haskell and several other languages provide static typing that is sophisticated enough to prevent errors like this .
I ’m not even close to being the first person to notice the problem :
Okay , back to Earth .
What can we do about this ?
Here are my specific suggestions :
Labels : popular
Executive Cognitive Functions :
Behavioral self - regulatory functions :
Activation Regulating Functions :
drive
Metacognitive Processes :
One of the principal techniques used by cognitive scientists is reverse engineering - for example , a classic experiment by Donders established the field of mental chronometry by subtracting the time for execution of a motor response from total response time .
Reverse engineering " normal " brains can only take you so far .
Another approach is to look at the effects of brain damage on various cognitive functions , and use reverse engineering methodologies on those patients to determine what function the damages regions might subserve .
While MRI technologies have vastly improved our ability to localize damage in the frontal cortex , behavioral techniques for assessing the type , extent , and potential outcomes of frontal damage are still relatively crude .
As discussed by authors Cicerone , Levin , Malex , Stuss and Whyte , traumatic brain injury typically causes two types of damage : diffuse axonal injury ( DAI ) and focal cortical contusions ( FCCs ) .
The former involves destruction of capillaries and axons in frontal white matter and may contribute to frontal hypometabolism , which is known to be related to executive function impairment .
The latter involves abrasions to the cortex by the skull , which can damage cortex directly ( through herniation ) or indirectly ( through lack of oxygen and / or blood flow as a result of inflammation or DAI ) .
To determine the effects of brain injury on executive functions , the authors distinguish between 4 basic types of EF : cognitive , behavioral / self - regulatory , activation regulation , and metacognitive operations .
Each is covered in turn below :
The authors suggest that these functions are dependent on the " control and direction [...] of lower level , more modular , or automatic functions " and that they are mediated by working memory and inhibition .
Such functions seem to depend on the archicortical trend , and dlPFC in particular .
Executive cognitive functions are most frequently assessed with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test , the Trail Making test , and verbal fluency measures .
The California Verbal Learning
Test is sometimes used to investigate damage to the associative or strategic processes that dlPFC may contribute to memory .
Interestingly , frontal damage does not seem to impair all executive cognitive functions equally .
For example , Cicerone et al. review a 1998 study of 30 brain - damaged patients who showed no more susceptibility to distractors and no more dual - task performance decrement than normal controls ( though of course they made more errors in general , raising the question of whether there were floor effects here ) .
Performance on this naturalistic task ( involving packing a lunch ) was not predictive of the degree of brain damage , but was " moderately correlated with a measure of functional outcome .
"
In contrast , orbitofrontal ( aka ventromedial ) regions of prefrontal cortex are closely connected with the limbic system and thus both reward and emotional processing .
Tests of reversal learning are generally sensitive to damage in this region .
Cicerone et al suggest that more limited medial damage can result in apathy or abulia , and that this maps onto Stuss 's concept of .
They link these functions to the anterior cingulate and superior frontal cortex , pointing to slowed RTs in veral fluency and Stroop tasks among patients with damage to this area .
Cicerone et al point towards the frontal poles as the origin of metacognitive processes like personality , consciousness , self - evalution and social cognition .
Assessments of damage to the frontal poles involve " reactions to verbal and cartoon humor , visual perspective - taking tests , and comparison of performance on remember - know memory tasks .
" All of the assessment techniques listed above have been criticized for a lack of specificity .
It is also important to distinguish between the levels of analysis - impairment on laboratory tasks vs. impairment on real - world tasks involving those abilities .
Such lack of specificity problematizes rehabilitation , which can involve pharmacological intervention , " direct remediation , " or the use of compensatory technologies / devices .
Despite being the world 's fourth richest man , Mr Kamprad said he was very fond of his Japanese - designed Poäng chair and saw no reason why he should replace it .
" I 've had it for 32 years .
My wife thinks I should get another one because in the meantime the material has got dirty , " he said .
" But technically it 's as good as new . "
Mr Kamprad told the Swiss magazine Bilanz that all his furniture came from IKEA - apart from an " old chair and a beautiful standing clock " inherited from his mother .
Earlier this year Fortune magazine estimated Kamprad 's wealth at $ 28bn ( £ 14bn ) , behind only Bill Gates , the US investor Warren Buffett and the Mexican industrialist Carlos Slim .
The 80 - year - old Swede lives in Epalinges , above Lake Geneva , and is Switzerland 's richest resident , according to Bilanz .
Yesterday , however , Mr Kamprad said his personal fortune had been exaggerated .
" It does n't have anything to do with reality , " he grumbled .
IKEA was owned by a charitable trust , he said .
Mr Kamprad started from his garden shed , selling watches , pens and Christmas cards .
He stumbled on the flat - pack furniture idea in the 1950s when an employee took the legs off a table to fit it into a customer 's car .
Nowadays , IKEA is the world 's biggest furniture retailer , with 237 stores in some 35 countries and territories and a forecast 2006 turnover of € 17.7bn ( about £ 12bn ) , still basing its business on that inexpensive self - assembly furniture .
But Mr Kamprad does not believe one of his three sons - all of whom work for IKEA and take three - year stints as chair of the executive board - will go on to take charge of the business .
" The problem is being head of a business is hard work .
You can keep it up for eight to 10 years , at most .
That 's why I believe - or I should say , I hope - that none of my sons goes on to be the boss . "
Mr Kamprad visits his stores 25 to 30 times every year , in different parts of the world .
He still travels on discount tickets .
Recently German security guards refused to let him in to collect an award for entrepreneur of the year after he arrived by bus .
" It 's always fun , " he said of his IKEA visits .
" And work should always be fun for all colleagues .
We all only have one life .
A third of life is work .
Without desire and fun , work becomes hell . "
Today is a day that organized labor has awaited for nearly 10 years :
The federal minimum wage jumps from $ 5.15 to $ 5.85 an hour , the first of three increases scheduled by Congress earlier this year .
But for low - income workers , the minimum wage is useful only if it is enforced , and many students of American wage patterns believe that the law is not enforced strictly enough .
“ For the raise for our nation ’s workers to mean something , we have to pay serious attention to the jobs with persistent violators , ” said Catherine K. Ruckelshaus , litigation director of the National Employment Law Project .
“ And that means getting the Department of Labor to wake up and enforce our baseline standards . ”
Bob Simoneau , workforce development director for the National Assn. of State Workforce Agencies , said that because the law is so complex , many minimum - wage workers -- especially those who do n’t speak English as a first language -- find it hard to understand .
Advertisement
Complicating the law , he said , was the overlap between the federal minimum and those enacted separately by 45 states .
Thirty of those states have minimums higher than the $ 5.85 that takes effect nationally today .
California ’s $ 7.50 minimum wage is higher than all but those in Washington state ( $ 7.93 ) , Oregon ( $ 7.80 ) , Connecticut ( $ 7.65 ) and Vermont ( $ 7.53 ) .
California is also one of only seven states that do n’t count tips toward the required minimum wage .
And there are exceptions in the federal minimum - wage law for young workers and farm workers .
Simoneau also said a “ hint of retaliation ” from some employers discouraged their workers from demanding the minimum wage .
But he said the posters that employers were required to display at prominent central work stations carefully spelled out the terms of the minimum - wage law in clear and simple language .
Advertisement
“ Many workers do n’t have a central gathering place , ” Ruckelshaus countered .
In particular , she said , home healthcare workers typically traveled from their homes to those of their clients .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics found that , in 2002 , 2 million workers made less than the minimum wage , and a later study by the Urban Institute estimated 2 million immigrants were working for less than minimum wage .
The Labor Department does not keep track of the number of complaints , but Ruckelshaus said the number of civil cases demanding a minimum wage rose as Labor Department enforcement became more lax .
The number of cases climbed 70 % in the first four years of this decade alone , according to the Bureau of National Affairs , a private company that publishes information and analysis on legal , economic , regulatory and legislative issues .
Advertisement
No Labor Department officials were available for comment .
joel.havemann@latimes.com
とりあえ ずRubyの使いかたは知っているものとして書いています。
まず 、SDLについて説明します。 これは、http://www.libsdl.org/
によると、「クロスプラットフォームな
マルチメディアライブラリ」だ、ということです。
つまり、さまざまなハードやOS上で動く、高速な画像描画機能やwave/CDの演奏 機能、ジョイスティックの利用機能等をもったライブラリです。
今のところ、公式に はWindows , Linux , BeOS , MacOS , IRIX , Solaris , FreeBSD で 使えます 。
そして 、Ruby / SDLはその機能をRubyから使うための拡張ライブラリです。 今のところ 、Linux , Windows , FreeBSDでの動作を確認しています。 BeOSで動いたという報告もあります。
つぎに 、Ruby / SDL のどこがよいのかについて書きます。
まず 、Rubyで使える、というのが大きいでしょう。 Rubyはオブジェクト指向言語の中でも非常に手軽に使えます。その上、非常に
高度な機能を持っています。 たとえば、例外機能です。 これのおかげで、Cでは面倒なエラーチェックを簡単にすることができます。
また、複数のプラットフォームで使えるということもあります。
DirectXのようにWindowsだけということはありません。 いまのところRuby/SDLで使えるのは、3つのプラットフォームだけですが、
Ruby もSDLもさまざまなプラットフォームで使えるため、そのほかでも
使える可能性は大きいでしょう。
Linuxについては 、Ruby / SDLのREADME.jaを見てください。
FreeBSDにはportsが存在しますので、そちらを使うのがよいでしょう。
Rubyの処理系として「ruby_r」を使うということに注意してください。
これはスレッド用のライブラリをリンクしたRuby処理系です。 ruby_rもPortsからインストールできます。
Windowsでのインストールは、<URL:rubysdl_install.html>を参照してください。
まずは、まっ黒なウィンドウを表示するスクリプトです。
require ' sdl ' # ( 1 ) SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) # ( 2 ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL :: SWSURFACE ) # ( 3 ) sleep ( 3 )
まずは(1)でライブラリの読み込みをします。そして( 2)で初期化、( 3 ) で
ウィンドウの生成です。あとはsleepで3秒待っています。
の引数に SDL ::INIT_AUDIO などを `| '( OR ) で指定すれば音を出したり
ジョイスティックを利用したりできるようになります。
の最後の引数 に SDL :: FULLSCREEN
をORで指定するとフルスクリーンにでき、
SDL ::SWSURFACEをSDL ::SWSURFACEのかわりに指定するとハードウェアによる
高速化が( 可能ならば ) 使えるようになります。
引数の詳しい意味などははリファレンスを参照してください。
まずは線や円の描画です。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL :: SWSURFACE ) # ( 1 ) screen.drawLine ( 100 , 100 , 400 , 200 , [ 0 , 0 , 255 ] ) # ( 2 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) # ( 3 ) loop do # ( 4 ) while event = SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit , SDL :: Event2::KeyDown exit end end end
初期化は2章と同じです。(1)の返値は「画面」を表すオブジェクトで、 これにたいして描画命令を与えればそれがウィンドウに表示されます。( 2)で線を
描画しています。色の指定はRGBそれぞれ0から255までの数値の配列でします。
そして(3)でその内容を実際に画面に反映します。実際の表示はupdateRectが
呼出されるごとに行われます。(4)以降はあとで説明します。とりあえずこう
いうものだと思っておいてください。
次に画像を読みこんでそれを表示します。icon.bmpというビットマップファイルが 必要です。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) # ( 1 ) image = image.displayFormat # ( 2 ) SDL.blitSurface ( image , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , screen , 100 , 100 ) # ( 3 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) loop do while event = SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit , SDL :: Event2::KeyDown exit end end end
初期化やupdateRectは前と同様です。(1)でファイルを読みこみ、(2)で読み込んだ データを高速描画できる形式に変換し、( 3)で描画です。
今度は透過色について説明します。画像データは普通長方形です。しかし描画したい
ものは普通長方形ではないでしょう。つまり画像データのまわりの部分は描画しない
ようにしたいわけです。そのために「描画しない部分」を同じ色で描いておいて
その色をプログラム中で指定する、という方法をとります。
以下のスクリプトが透過色のサンプルです。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) image.setColorKey ( SDL ::SRCCOLORKEY , image.getPixel ( 0,0 ) ) # ( 1 ) image = image.displayFormat 100.times do SDL.blitSurface ( image , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , screen , rand ( 640 ) , rand ( 480 ) ) # ( 2 ) end screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) loop do while event = SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit , SDL :: Event2::KeyDown exit end end end
だいたい前のと同じです。透過色の効果がわかりやすいように描画( 2 ) は 描画位置がランダム で
100回描画するようにしてあります。(1) が透過色の設定です。SDL::SRCCOLORKEYは
必ず指定します。また、透過色として画像の左上の端の色を指定しています。
この点はだいたい透過色になっているのでだいたいこれで十分でしょう。( 1 ) を
コメントアウトして実行してみれば透過色の作用がわかるでしょう。
プログラムは普通 「 入力 」 、「処理 」 、「出力」の3つの要素から成立しています。 その 「入力」の部分です。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) image.setColorKey ( SDL :: SRCCOLORKEY , image.getPixel ( 0,0 ) ) image = image.displayFormat image_x = 20 loop do while event = SDL :: Event2.poll # ( 1 ) case event # ( 2 ) when SDL :: Event2:: Quit exit # ( 3 ) when SDL :: Event2::KeyDown if event.sym == SDL :: Key :: SPACE then # ( 4 ) image_x += 10 end end end screen.fillRect ( 0 , 0 , 640 , 480 , [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) screen.put ( image , image_x , 200 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) end
以上のプログラムではスペースを「押すごと」に画像が右方向に移動します。
SDL の入力処理の方法には2通りあります。ここではイベントによる処理を
説明します。ここでいうイベントによる処理とは、「何か」が起きたときに
その情報をキューに溜めてそれを処理するというものです。(1 ) のwhileループの
中がその処理の部分です。上のスクリプトがだいたいの定型だと言って 良いでしょう。
まず、(1)でイベントの情報をキューからとりだします。もしキューが空なら nilが返ってくるのでその場合はループ終了です。次に、(2)でイベントの 種類をcaseで分岐します。SDL::Event2::Quitは、ウィンドウの閉じるボタンを押し
たなど、プログラムが終了しようとしたときに生じるイベントです。ここでは( 3)で exitを読んでスクリプトの実行を終了しています
。SDL :: Event2::KeyDownはキーボード
のキーを押し下げたときに生じるイベントです。このイベントが生じたときは、 event.symの内容を見ることによってどのキーが押されたのかがわかります。
ここでは、(4)のようにスペースキーかどうかをチェックしています。キーボード
のキーを表わす定数がSDL::Key以下に定義されていて、SDL::Key::SPACEの他に、
SDL :: Key:: Aで 「 A」キー、SDL :: Key:: UPで上キーなどがあります。
イベントの種類、そこから得られる情報などはリファレンスを参照してください。
ジョイスティックやマウスの情報もここから得ることができます。
次はもう一方の入力処理についてです。こちらはイベントという仕組を介せすに 入力情報を得ます。
以下がキーボードから入力を得るためのサンプルです。スペースを
「 押している間」、絵が右に移動します。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) image.setColorKey ( SDL :: SRCCOLORKEY , image.getPixel ( 0,0 ) ) image = image.displayFormat image_x = 20 loop do while event = SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit exit end end SDL ::Key.scan # ( 1 ) image_x += 1 if SDL ::Key.press ?(
SDL :: Key:: SPACE ) # ( 2 ) screen.fillRect ( 0 , 0 , 640 , 480 , [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) screen.put ( image , image_x , 200 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) end
まず(1)で現在の状態を取得して(2)で押しているかどうか判別する、それだけ です。SDL::Key.scanを呼ばないとSDL::Key.press?で得られる情報が
取得できません。また、SDL::Key.press?に与える定数はイベントの所で説明し
たキーボード定数と同じものを使います。
マウスから情報を得るの はSDL::Mouse.stateを呼ぶだけです。ジョイスティックの
場合はあらかじめデバイスのを開いておく必要があります。これも詳しくは
Ruby / SDL附属のサンプルやリファレンスを参照してください。
ここでは時間処理関連について説明します。
ここで利用するメソッドは、SDL.initが呼びだされてからの時間をミリ秒単位で返す
SDL.getTicks、指定された秒数だけ停止するsleepです。
ここでは、ゲームなどで良く使われる、ループ1周の時間を一定にすることで
プログラムの進行速度を保つという機能を実現します。
以下がそのサンプルです。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) image.setColorKey ( SDL :: SRCCOLORKEY , image.getPixel ( 0,0 ) ) image = image.displayFormat image_x = 320 image_dx = 3 interval = 1.0 / 50 # ( 1 ) loop do loop_start = SDL.getTicks/1000.0 # ( 2 ) while event = SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit exit end end # なんかする ( ここでは画像が往復する ) screen.fillRect ( 0 , 0 , 640 , 480 , [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) image_x += image_dx image_dx *= - 1 if image_x < 0 || image_x > 640 screen.put ( image , image_x , 200 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) loop_end = SDL.getTicks / 1000.0 # ( 3 ) if loop_end - loop_start < interval then # ( 4 ) sleep interval - ( loop_end - loop_start ) end end
まず 、(1)で1ループの時間を設定しています。ここでは1秒に50回ループがまわる
ようにしました。そして(2)でループが始まる時刻を記録、(3)でループ終了時の時刻を 記録、(4)でその差がintervalを越えていたら必要な時刻待つ、というように なっています。
SDL.getTicksはミリ秒単位で整数値を返し、sleepの引数は秒単位で少数を与えることに 注意してください。
上のサンプルには以下の様な問題があります。
遅いハードを使っているなどの問題があって、ループ1周に想定以上の時間が
かかった場合にそのまま遅れてしまう。
sleepで待てる時間の精度はそれほど良くない( Linux i386で10msくらい ) ので、 ループ1周の時間を正確にできない。
で、それに対応する対応策に以下の様なものがあります。
大きく遅れたときは重い処理( 描画処理など ) をとばす。
前のループで遅れた分を次のループでごまかす。
sleepでの分解能より小さい待ちはビジーループで待つ。
これを実装したのが以下のクラスです。
class FPSTimerSample FPS_COUNT = 10 def initialize ( fps = 60 , accurary = 10 , skip_limit = 15 ) @fps = fps @accurary = accurary / 1000.0 @skip_limit = skip_limit end # reset timer , you should call just before starting loop def reset @old = get_ticks @skip = 0 end # execute given block and wait def wait_frame now = get_ticks nxt = @old + ( 1.0 / @fps ) if nxt > now || @skip > @skip_limit yield @skip = 0 wait ( nxt ) @old = nxt else @skip += 1 @total_skip += 1 @old = get_ticks end end private def wait ( nxt ) while nxt > get_ticks + @accurary sleep ( @accurary - 0.005 ) @count_sleep += 1 end while nxt > get_ticks # busy loop , do nothing end end def get_ticks SDL.
getTicks / 1000.0 end end
これは、以下のように利用します。
require ' sdl ' SDL.init( SDL ::INIT_VIDEO ) screen = SDL.setVideoMode ( 640 , 480 , 16 , SDL ::SWSURFACE ) image = SDL ::Surface.load ( ' icon.bmp ' ) image.setColorKey ( SDL :: SRCCOLORKEY , image.getPixel ( 0,0 ) ) image = image.displayFormat image_x = 320 image_dx = 3 timer = FPSTimerSample.new # ( 1 ) timer .reset # ( 2 ) loop do while event =
SDL :: Event2.poll case event when SDL :: Event2:: Quit exit end end # なんかする ( ここでは画像が往復する ) screen.fillRect ( 0 , 0 , 640 , 480 , [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] ) image_x += image_dx image_dx *= - 1 if image_x < 0 || image_x > 640 screen.put ( image , image_x , 200 ) timer.wait_frame do # ( 3 ) screen.updateRect ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) # ( 4 ) end end
まず、FPSTimerSampleのインスタンスを生成(1)し、動作準備をして( 2)から、 FPSTimerSample#wait_frame(3)で、必要な時間待つと同時に、遅れた場合、
重い処理( ここでは画面更新 ) を飛ばす( 4) ようにしてできます。
< URL:fpstimer.rb>にもう少し機能を充実したものと、効率化したものが あります。
If Afghanistan had a tourist industry , the postcard - pretty Korengal Valley would be a star attraction .
Majestic mountains soar to the heavens .
Sunlight spills over terraced fields .
Gleaming snow dusts the jagged peaks .
But for the American soldiers stationed there , Korengal is IED Valley , a perilous , exhausting battlefield and the heart of the US war against al - Qaida in Afghanistan .
The sole route into the valley is a roller - coaster mud track that dips and curves through a high - walled canyon lined with hostile villagers and battle - hungry insurgents .
Ambushes are frequent but the soldiers ' greatest terror is the improvised explosive device ( IED ) - a hidden roadside bomb that can rip through a Humvee or tip it over a cliff .
Last October Lieutenant Richard Baranski narrowly survived a bombing that seriously wounded three others .
It was the fifth time Americans had been hit at exactly the same place , he said .
" We 've shot missiles into their houses .
We 've fired mark - 19 [ grenades ] into their houses .
And still they are there , " he said , pulling on his seatbelt at the start of another journey up the valley .
" God , I hate this road . "
Soldiers at the American base , informally known as the Kop , feel only slightly more secure .
Twelve Afghan labourers who work in the hilltop camp have been abducted and killed this year , some just metres from the main gate .
Inside the wire , troops wear their body armour , even to the toilet , out of fear of a sniper who roams the surrounding slopes .
Soldiers believe the gunman comes from Chechnya - partly thanks to intercepted radio message and partly because he can shoot straight .
" Most Afghans just spray and pray , " said Specialist Brad Hudgens , 23 , a sentry at the main observation post above the camp .
" This guy is different . "
Just moments later his point was dramatically proved .
As Specialist Hudgens sat chatting outside his bunker on a rocky mountaintop , a loud crack rang out .
A bullet grazed a rock four feet away from him .
" Oh shit , " said the shaven - headed 26 - year - old from South Carolina , reaching for his helmet and scrambling to the roof .
Scanning a distant ridgeline through his sniper gun 's sight , Specialist Hudgens frantically searched for traces of the enemy gunman .
Spotting a metallic glint among a line of trees , he opened fire .
The machine gunner beside him , Private Donovan Maydole , 20 , also unleashed a stream of bullets , triggering a rattle of violent echoes across the valley .
" I 've been waiting a long time to get this motherfucker , " growled Specialist Hudgens , searching for a second shot .
Behind them the post commander squinted through binoculars and called coordinates into a radio .
Moments later a sharp whistle signalled the arrival of six Howitzer shells from Camp Blessing , six miles away .
A cloud of smoke drifted from the ridgeline .
Specialist Hudgens rose from behind the sandbags .
" If he ain't dead he wo n't be back for a while , " he said triumphantly , carrying his rifle back into the bunker .
" Another day at the office . "
Senior officers later said that they did not think the attacker was the Chechen .
America 's war in Korengal is both global and local .
Their main interest is the area 's rich association with al - Qaida and international terrorism .
The valley is home to Abu Ikhlass , an Egyptian jihadi who arrived in Afghanistan in the late 1980s and has never left .
An intelligence officer described him as a " big fish " in the al - Qaida network .
Several junior soldiers said they had been told the 9/11 attacks were planned in Korengal .
" Are foreigners here ?
Yes , that 's why the American forces are here .
This is part of the global war on terrorism , " said Captain Jim McKnight , the US base commander .
The immediate and tangible fight is against al - Qaida 's local agents .
One is the fugitive warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who sends recruits and military supplies by donkey train from neighbouring Pakistan .
" There 's one mosque just for Korengal in Peshawar .
That 's where they take their wounded and resupply , " said Captain Joel Hansen at Camp Blessing .
But the Americans ' more pressing job is to break the link between al - Qaida and stubborn local fighters .
" I could kill the enemy until I am blue in the face .
But until the population turns against the insurgency , we 're not going anywhere , " said Capt McKnight .
" That 's where we messed up in Vietnam and that 's where the British messed up in the American revolution .
You have to separate the people from the enemy . "
That task may be as steep as the valley walls .
Even among fellow Kunaris , the Korengalis are considered a people apart .
The men sport dyed red beards , speak a Pashto dialect known only to themselves and are doggedly resistant to outside interference .
Many are wealthy lumber merchants through a system of local taxation .
During the 10 - year Soviet occupation , the Red Army attacked Korengal once but never managed to conquer it .
Relations with the US military are no better .
Capt McKnight said some members of the local shura , or council of elders , actively supported the militants by providing fighters or shelter .
" They 're just a bunch of jerks who are bucking hard against their government , " he said .
The hostility is reciprocated .
Last week Capt McKnight met with the shura to repeat his requests for help .
Their main suggestion , however , was that the 28 - year - old captain pack his bags .
" The solution is for the Americans to leave .
Since they arrived , everything has become so much worse , " said Haji Zalwar Khan , 60 , clutching a carved stick .
His community had no truck with the insurgency , he insisted .
" We hear them firing but we have no idea where they are staying , " he said , pointing to the mountain peaks .
" We can do nothing about it . "
The youthful district governor , Muhammad Rehman , is also trying to turn the Korengalis from their al - Qaida godfathers through unorthodox and controversial tactics .
In September he banned supplies of flour , cooking oil , Pepsi and other foods from reaching the valley .
The Korengalis broke the blockade by mustering donkey trains from other areas .
Next Mr Rehman stopped issuing national identity cards to valley residents .
Then two weeks ago , after four workers at the American camp were kidnapped , he threatened to raise a tribal fighting force , known as a lashkar , to invade and teach them a lesson .
On Saturday morning the apparent response came .
The bodies of three of the four abductees were found dumped on a remote mountainside .
They had been shot in the head .
Money and hamfisted governance can be as influential as ideology .
Young unemployed farmers are paid up to £ 2,600 for every IED attack on American soldiers , the governor said .
And local leaders are angered at attempts by the Karzai government to regulate the lucrative timber trade .
" Lumber is the only business we have .
And now they want to take that away , " said Haji Zalwar Khan .
As dusk fell one evening last week , Sergeant Jose Urrutia led his platoon to a deserted house on the side of the road where they would spend the night .
Strangely , the nearest village was named Taliban .
As he rolled out his sleeping bag , the Mexican - born sergeant spoke of the toll the mission had taken .
The soldiers were nearly spent , mentally and physically , he said .
His platoon had lost 10 of its 28 men since March , including two dead - one blown out of a truck by an IED , the other shot in the head .
They knew their mission was to hunt " bad guys " and help the Afghan government .
But for most , avenging 9/11 was no longer a big motivating factor .
" It 's been pretty tough , " he said .
" By now we just want to do our job and get home in one piece .
That 's it . "
As one of Google 's Principals for New Business Development , I am on the front line of inbound business proposals .
I would gather I see 40 - 50 per day .
The launch of Google Talk has probably added another 15 - 20 per day .
So , as I sit with trepidation considering how many emails I have flagged for follow - up in my inbox on this Sunday afternoon , I thought I would take a minute to type out some hints that will make it easier on both of us and increase the likelihood that your company and mine will get some business done .
These are in random order and I might expand the list as time goes on .
As always , your comments are welcome .
Anything I missed ?
( Keep in mind , this is my personal blog and nothing herein is approved by my employer . )
Email Rules -
Phones are very yesterday .
Voicemail is so broken .
Until someone can really make it easy for me to extract a number from a voicemail , file the message away for later , label it , quickly find it again , search over it , forward it , reply at my convenience , etc etc , I am going to stick to email .
Email is awesome ( especially Gmail ) .
It allows me to ensure that I get back to you .
It also helps me bring in all the folks within the company whose input would matter on your topic .
So , please , please , please - email .
If you insist upon calling , you will hear a message saying that I wo n't check your voicemail anyway .
So , before you think me rude , I implore you to please send email .
Thesis Statements - Lead with what you want .
Please , put it in the first sentence or two .
Just tell me how we can work together .
You can expand on it later , but please do n't make me go too far .
This is particularly tough when I have to forward your message to a lot of other execs who are also looking for a thesis statement .
What problem are you solving ?
-
Hand in hand with the thesis statement is identifying the problem you are solving .
Many times I have conversations with folks who can't answer that question .
We are obsessive about solving problems that enhance our end - user experience .
We are lucky in that the company does n't even ask us to make money with each enhancement .
We are instead rewarded for the impact we have on users .
So , please tell me what about their experience is broken now , and how we can fix it together .
( By the way , we are very humble about this and realize there are myriad ways to improve the experience .
Just help us by being specific . )
Also , please keep in mind that we try to solve big problems .
Huge problems .
Problems that affect millions and millions of users everyday .
In that light , some of your niche proposals may be cool , but it often comes down to a matter of prioritization for us .
Differentiate -
Tell me right away why you guys are different and what comparative advantage you have on the market .
Why are you the best to help us ?
90 % of the time we realize that we would like help in a space , but we need help finding who is best positioned to be our partner .
Kick that off right away and accelerate the process .
Follow - up - Following up by repeat email is perfectly fine with me and may often help if I have fallen behind .
When doing so , please propose a concrete next step .
That said , what does n't help is when you go over our heads to other execs .
At the end of the day , those random emails to the big guys come right back to me and just leave me a little less excited to collaborate .
So , do n't be afraid to ping me by email if need be .
Google is Bottom - up -
That last point reminds me that Google buying / partnering decisions are made bottom - up .
Meaning , product managers and engineers are your ultimate clients .
Sure the deals may be signed by VPs , but they are just endorsing the recommendations and leadership taken by the PMs .
Our executive team truly empowers folks here to get done the deals needed in their spaces .
You want to partner with Google Talk ?
Our CEO is not going to drive that .
The Product Manager for Google Talk will be your guy .
So , my advice is to avoid shooting for a meeting with a bigwig and instead , know your audience .
I assure you that your deal will get done faster .
Meetings are n't always necessary - Often , vendors are in a rush to meet in person .
They want to bring a big team in to press the flesh .
I went along with this for a long time and soon saw my schedule descend into gridlock .
Truth is , meetings can be inefficient .
Let 's start with email .
Send us a deck .
Maybe next we can do a brief call .
There is no need to hold a meeting with me to build a relationship .
I swear I have done business over instant messaging networks .
NDAs are n't a helpful start -
As an IP company , NDAs can be frightening .
Asking us to sign one before we are really getting into the nitty - gritty of a partnership will likely grind things down .
I will ask you to just not share anything with us that is confidential .
I think NDAs have just become automatic in the Valley .
However , when people stop to consider them and the pitfalls , they realize they can be superfluous in many instances .
Lead with engineering - I would rather have a meeting with technical people in the room than just business people any day .
( Note : This is a statement against self - interest as I am only a wannabe geek and am not an engineer by background . )
At the root of 99 % percent of our partnering decisions is evaluation by an engineer (s ) .
We like to dive into the nuts and bolts of what is currently broken , how we will fix it together , and what that collaboration will look like , all with specificity .
A deep technical understanding on both sides is a precursor to starting any conversation about who pays whom , etc .
So , thanks in advance for bringing your smart people into the loop with our smart people .
PR is a distraction - As a matter of principle we tend not to do PR with our partners .
Truth is , I think PR is just a distraction .
I know what it feels like to be a start - up and craving some public awareness .
I have definitely been there and can sympathize .
However , PR can be very empty and does n't add much concrete value to anyone .
Focusing on building something cool that users will really dig is the best path for both of us to succeed .
Believe me , when that happens , your company and mine will get all the exposure we could want , and more .
So , let 's avoid the PR discussion for now and just concentrate on making cool stuff work .
If it rocks , the world will know soon enough .
Threats do n't work - A surprising number of people write to me saying " If you do not act in 5 days I am taking this to Microsoft . . . " or " This note will be forwarded to Terry Semel . . . " I am very inclined to let those proposals go .
To me , partnerships are as much about the partner as they are about the technology .
I am not psyched about working with people who want to coerce me into action .
Microsoft and Yahoo are both awesome companies , with solid engineers .
They are both tackling big problems and having a lot of success with many pieces .
I think each of us has our strengths , and , in the end , it might just be possible that one of them might make a better partner for you .
While I would n't seek your exclusivity upfront , please give me a break on the threats .
I would rather you spend that energy on explaining why Google is uniquely positioned to make a great partner for you .
Thanks .
Do n't assume we have thought about X already -
One of the most entertaining things for me to do is read the blogs and see how much credit folks give us for our alleged next moves in a particular area .
They presume we have a big honking master plan document somewhere and have the next few years set forth step by step .
Truth is , we are constantly learning .
We tend to launch early and launch often .
However , this does n't mean we have it all figured out .
You have a killer idea for us ?
Are we missing the big picture ?
Can you help us ?
Fire away .
For instance , you guys who have been thinking about VoIP for years and years , what would you do if you were Google , and how can you work with us to get that done ?
Consider working for us -
If all of the above comes instinctively to you and you have got lots of fabulous ideas , experience getting things done / built , and are looking for a fun environment in which you can shape / make decisions affecting millions of Internet users , then I strongly urge you to come work for us .
Check out our jobs page and shoot me an email if you find anything interesting .
Bottom line is that I / we want to work with you and your company !
Partnerships are an essential part of our strategy and have been the impetus for massive value creation at Google .
We humbly admit we can't begin to accomplish a fraction of what we would like to without teaming with others .
That said , as you can imagine , we are beyond busy , so I beg your forgiveness if sometimes I am not able to get back to you on a timely basis .
Hopefully keeping all of the above in mind , we will get more done together .
So , send those proposals and let 's do some cool deals !
Thanks .
Apple spokeswoman Natalie Kerris has confirmed to iLounge that she was misquoted in a Chicago Tribune article on failing iPods published earlier this week .
The article had quoted her as saying that iPods have a low failure rate and that they are designed to last four years .
Kerris said she told the reporter that the iPod was designed to last “ for years ” — not “ four years . ”
The Tribune has yet to correct its original report .
Presenting the world ’s first hard drive , first introduced in 1956 — IBM ’s 5MB Random Access Memory Accounting : RAMAC ® , magnetic - disk memory storage .
It stored information on fifty disks , which spun at 1,200 rpm .
These disks are mounted so as to rotate about a vertical axis , with a spacing of three tenths of an inch between disks .
This spacing permits two magnetic heads to be positioned to any one of the 100 concentric tracks which are available on each side of each disk .
Each track contains 500 alphanumeric characters .
Total storage capacity : 5,000,000 characters .
The two recording heads are mounted in a pair of arms which are moved , by a feed - back control system , in a radial direction to straddle a selected disk .
Yesterday , we alerted you to the free audio and text versions of Lawrence 's Lessig 's book , Free Culture : How Big Media Uses Technology and the Law to Lock Down Culture and Control Creativity .
Today , we 're pointing you to a larger collection of high - quality books ( 45 in total ) that you can download legally thanks to Lessig 's Creative Commons .
The trove includes a good mix of genres .
In fiction , you 'll find three works by sci- fi writer and blogger Cory Doctorow -- Eastern Standard Tribe , Someone Comes To Town , Someone Leaves Town and Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom .
Under non-fiction , you can freely access Gamer Theory by McKenzie Wark ( Harvard University Press ) , Democratizing Innovation by Eric von Hippel ( MIT Press ) , Yochai Benkler 's The Wealth of Networks ( Yale University Press ) , and Dan Gilmor 's We the Media : Grassroots Journalism by the People , For the People .
Finally , on the " how - to " side of things , you 'll stumble upon titles along the lines of 55 Ways to Have Fun With Google .
Not a bad collection of works , and certainly worth the price .
Most of these books are issued in traditional print ( $ $ $ ) and free download versions , which raises the obvious question : does this make any business sense for publishers , let alone authors ?
Lawrence Lessig , who initiated the concept , asserts that it does , noting that more readers who access the free download copy will ultimately buy the print version than those who do n't .
Or , put more simply : the converts will exceed cannibals , which results in a win - win - win - win situation .
The readers win one way or another ; the authors and publishers win ; society wins ; and so does the free flow of information .
What more can you want ?
Back in January , I wrote about teaching Carolyn sign language , and enough time has passed and things changed that it seems like a good time to revisit the topic .
( Also , our friend Gini wrote about it , and that spurred me into typing . )
As I mentioned back in January , we started out with Baby Signs but moved on to American Sign Language ( ASL ) .
This has held true , and when the next child comes into our lives , we ’ll use only ASL signs .
To me , the real value of Baby Signs is in showing you where to start : with needs like food , water , milk , and so on .
In moving to ASL , we ’ve been immensely helped by the Signing Time video series , which Carolyn loves .
She watches one every other day or so , which is about as much TV as we let her watch , and she can identify each one with a different sign .
At the time I last wrote about it , Carolyn was using about thirty signs .
She ’s now somewhere past two hundred signs — I do n’t know the exact number , as Kat and I lost track a while ago .
This includes all the primary colors , emotional states , and much more .
She ’s also started to speak , with about twenty or so verbal words .
It gets really fascinating when she combines them .
For example , she ’s started asking me if I ’m done working whenever I come downstairs from my office .
She does this by saying “ Daddy ? ” while signing “ work ” and then “ done ” .
If I confirm that I ’m done working for the day ( or at least for the moment ) , she ’ll do it all over again , except this time saying “ Daddy ” in a satisfied tone of voice instead of as a question .
Then we spend some time playing .
In fact , one of these exchanges led to Carolyn telling me what she wanted to do when she grows up .
After confirming that Daddy was done working for the day , she thought a minute , then signed “ work ” and emphatically pointed to herself .
“ You want to work ? ” I asked , a little bit surprised .
She nodded and said “ yeah ! ” ( one of her favorite spoken words ) .
“ Okay ” , said I , amused , “ what do you want to do when you work ? ”
She thought a moment more and then signed “ airplane ” .
My mouth dropped open .
“ You want to be a pilot ? ” I asked .
She said “ yeah ! ” again , quite enthusiastically , and then ran off to kick a ball across the yard .
Now , it ’s possible that Carolyn was saying that she wants to do whatever Daddy does , because when he leaves for a few days , he ’s left on a plane .
But my gut feeling was that she was saying she wanted to work on or with airplanes .
Attendant , sure ; engineer , why not ? ; but pilot was the first thing that came to mind .
Then again , about a week later , she told us she wanted to work on swings and slides .
So I guess she ’s still evaluating her options .
She also can identify different bedtime stories through signs and speech .
“ The Bear ’s Water Picnic ” is represented by the sign for “ water ” ; “ Goodnight Moon ” by the sign for “ moon ” ; “ Pete the Sheep ” by the spoken word “ baa ” ; and so on .
Although she usually picks the same set of stories each night , she can clearly tell us when she wants something different .
For months now , Carolyn ’s been able to distinguish between being hurt and being scared when she falls down .
As we hold her , we just ask her if the fall hurt or scared her , and she tells us .
That alone would have made the whole effort worthwhile , because she has told us what the problem is , and so we know how best to comfort her .
It also seems to calm her down simply to tell us , the same way it can make an adult feel better just to say out loud what is upsetting them .
She can also tell us when we ’re being silly , when she ’s surprised , and more .
When a baby near her cries , she always looks concerned .
We can tell her that the baby is sad , or grumpy , or hungry , and she can sign back the emotion to indicate she understands .
So has signing delayed her speech ?
There ’s no way to know .
Her speaking vocabulary is on track , according to our pediatrician : some kids do speak early , but to have three spoken words at 18 months is normal , and she was at five .
Plus over 100 signs , which has caused our pediatrician to consider her bilingual .
According to the father of a deaf child with whom I recently conversed , most independent studies show that signing has no major impact , positive or negative , on speech development , at least across the whole study group .
Regardless of whether or not the signing has slowed or sped Carolyn ’s development of speech , it has quite definitely accelerated her ability to communicate .
That , to me , was the whole reason to use signs .
For a year now , she ’s been able to communicate her needs and wants , and for at least half a year she ’s been able to converse with us in some fairly complex ways .
Perhaps as a result of this , Carolyn is entirely capable of following multistep directions , like : “ Please go pick up the stuffed cow and put it where it belongs , then come back to Mommy ” .
If she ’s nervous about a person or situation , we can find out what ’s bothering her and show her that it ’s okay ; conversely , we can tell her when something is dangerous when it might not appear to be , like a hot plate , and get confirmation that she understands .
We ’ve been able to teach her to sign “ please ” , “ thank you ” , and “ excuse me ” , and she understands when each is appropriate , sometimes saying them without prompting .
We can get her to calm down for a not - desired nap by asking what she wants to do instead of napping , and then telling her she can do it later , after she takes the nap .
In other words , she ’ll agree to delay gratification , so long as we assure her that she ’ll get what she wants after doing something that we want her to do .
Remember that she ’s not yet two years old .
While Kat and I sometimes augment our words with signs , most of the time we just talk to Carolyn , and she responds with whatever combination of words and signs is needed .
So she has all kinds of exposure to speech , and her development in that regard seems fairly normal .
It could be that she ’d have spoken earlier without the signs , but then again it could be that she ’d have spoken later .
Maybe the signs have reduced the incentive to speak because she can get by without speech , or maybe the signs have shown her how powerful communication is and thus increased the incentive to speak .
We have no way to know , now or ever .
All that I know is that she has been communicating with us for many , many months more than she would have otherwise , and that she ’s almost certainly a much happier and better - adjusted child as a result .
Back in May , I said that “ … if you ’re a new parent or a parent - to - be , I strongly recommend that you try this with your own baby ” .
Take that sentiment and increase it by an order of magnitude .
I truly believe it ’s one of the best parenting decisions we ever made .
JavaScript and Flash are great for putting Google Maps on your website , but sometimes they just wo n't do .
For mobile browsers or users with dial - up connections , simpler is better .
So I wrote an open source non-JavaScript version of Google Maps which is designed to show how easy it is to write an application on App Engine that makes use of two new APIs from Google : The Static Maps API and the Local Search API 's REST interface .
It does n't have advanced features like street view and public transportation , but it gives you a searchable map that you can zoom in / out on as well as save locations .
It also automatically saves your last map view so that every time you go back to the site it will show you what you were last looking at .
Check out the source code .
It uses App Engine to store saved points , the AJAX LocalSearch REST API for search functionality , and the Static Maps API to display maps .
App Engine is easy to learn and the data store is useful for this kind of application .
The REST API for LocalSearch is also very simple .
For more information on it , go here .
To use the Static Maps API , you just need to create a URL with the proper parameters for your desired map view .
Keep in mind that you need to set the zoom level ( unless you are specifying multiple points — then it 's calculated for you ) .
In the vast majority of cases , this is completely fine .
In my case , though , I needed to know what the zoom level was , so that I could give the user the option to zoom in / out .
That meant coming up with calculations of the zoom both for the multiple points and single point case , and that was the trickiest part of the app .
If you use the AJAX Local Search and it returns one result then there will be a viewport object returned with it .
This viewport contains the Northeast and Southwest latitude / longitude bounds that are optimal for displaying this point .
However , Static Maps only accept zoom levels and center points .
Here 's the Python to generate that information :
viewport = json [ ' responseData ' ] [' viewport ' ] mercator_projection = MercatorProjection ( 18 ) # Checkout the MercatorProjection class southwest = [ float ( viewport [ ' sw ' ] [ ' lat ' ] ) , float ( viewport [ 'sw ' ] [ ' lng ' ] ) ] northeast = [ float ( viewport [ ' ne ' ] [ ' lat ' ] ) , float ( viewport [ ' ne ' ] [ ' lng ' ] ) ] bounds = [ southwest , northeast ] zoom_level = mercator_projection.CalculateBoundsZoomLevel(bounds , MAP_SIZE )
At this point you will have everything you need to construct the map : the center point ( the Local Search point ) , zoom level , marker point .
Then there 's the case where you have multiple points returned by the AJAX Local Search .
Since we will have a collection of latitudes and longitude points that we want to display we can just find the min/maxes , do some rounding , and voilà you get a bounding box .
With a bounding box and a calculated center point , you can repeat the same steps as before .
mercator_projection = MercatorProjection ( 18 ) bounds = CalcBoundsFromPoints ( lats , lngs ) center_point = CalcCenterFromBounds ( bounds ) zoom_level = mercator_projection.CalculateBoundsZoomLevel(bounds , MAP_SIZE )
From line 121 to about 285 you 'll find all the necessary functions for the situations described above .
Try using this code to create your own interactive version of Static Maps , and let us know in the forum if you have questions or just want to show off your nifty app .
SURPRISE quiz : Is Al Qaeda Sunni or Shiite ?
Which sect dominates Hezbollah ?
Silvestre Reyes , the Democratic nominee to head the House Intelligence Committee , failed to answer both questions correctly last week when put to the test by Congressional Quarterly .
He mislabeled Al Qaeda as predominantly Shiite , and on Hezbollah , which is mostly Shiite , he drew a blank .
“ Speaking only for myself , ” he told reporters , “ it ’s hard to keep things in perspective and in the categories . ”
Not that he ’s alone .
Other members of Congress from both parties have also flunked on - the - spot inquiries .
Indeed , some of the smartest Western statesmen of the last century have found themselves flummoxed by Islam .
Winston Churchill — in 1921 , while busy drawing razor - straight borders across a mercurial Middle East — asked an aide for a three - line note explaining the “ religious character ” of the Hashemite leader he planned to install in Baghdad .
“ Is he a Sunni with Shaih sympathies or a Shaih with Sunni sympathies ? ” Mr. Churchill wrote , using an antiquated spelling .
( “ I always get mixed up between these two , ” he added . )
■ [ Security ] CSRF と CSSXSS に関する議論につい て
( 3/30 の続 編 )
思いっ切り一時 Slashdotted でした ( ^^ ; 。 自前サーバの耐久性低くて済みません＞読者のみなさま。
# FastCGI のおかげで、tDiary の負荷が上がってもシステム運用には影響出てなくて、 復旧もそんなに大変じゃない辺りはいい感じなんですけど、tDiary 自体は割とすぐ重くなりますね……。
随分と CSSXSS のIE のバグ挙動の性質が整理されてきたようです。 そうは言っても所 詮IE6 の実装バグに起因する挙動なんで、性質を推定しても それが本当に正しいのかは観察の積み上げというレベルでしかわからないという嫌な状況ではあります。
元々の30 日の原稿、 CSSXSS
自体の性質にはあまり踏み込まず、 一般的 に 「 他ドメインのページからデータの読み取りが可能な脆弱性がブラウザにある場合」という前提で 書いたものですが 、
「 えむけい」さんのメッセージ、 /.J でのAnonymous Coward、 tix さん 「 ワンタイムトークンは不要では 」 などのコメント を読んでいて、僕の中では大分問題の所在が整理されてきた感じです。
CSSXSS 脆弱性にのみ着目して、今回の問題について私の立場から改めて整理しますと、
CSSXSS 対策と CSRF 対策は直交している （この表現、えむけいさんから拝借）。 より正確に言えば 、Referer 検査以外の秘密情報埋め込み型の CSRF 対策は CSSXSS 脆弱性の影響を受けるが、その場合の対処法は CSRF 対策の手法には依存せず共通である 。
（この表現、えむけいさんから拝借）。 より正確に言えば 、Referer 検査以外の秘密情報埋め込み型の CSRF 対策は CSSXSS 脆弱性の影響を受けるが、その場合の対処法は CSRF 対策の手法には依存せず共通である。 CSSXSS の場当たり的なバグ対策としては 、
CSSXSS の「 GET メソッドで取得したページの内容しか読めない」という性質を用いて、
CSRF 対策のための認証情報（例えば「 いわゆる高木方式」における session ID ）や 個人のプライバシー情報など、第三者に読み取られたくないデータの格納されているページを 全て POST で取得するように改変する。 CSSXSS では特定の形のページ （CSS のように見えるページ？）の特定のデータしか 読み取れないことを利用し、第三者に読み取られたくないデータが
CSSXSS の読み取り可能データ領域に入らないように 「 巧妙に」エンコードしてやる。 などの対策が現状では考えられる ( この辺り、今回の各議論の皆様の知見を大いに参考 ) 。
但し、この辺りの議論、特に後者に関しては
IE6のバグ挙動の正確で網羅的な検証が必要 。 また 、IE7 では既に修正されている模様 ( /.J より ) 。
一方で 、CSRF 対策はこれまで通り、攻撃者の知り得ない何らかの値を付加認証情報としてフォームに含める。 最も単純には 、 「 いわゆる高木方式 」 ＝「 session ID をフォーム入力に付加 」でよい。 「 『いわゆる高木方式』否定派」の方々の提唱する手法を含め、
どのような値を送信すると決めた場合でも、上記のCSSXSS対策は
( IE6 の バグに対処すると心に決めたなら ) 別途必要 。 どのような付加認証情報であっても、送信すべき値そのものが
CSSXSS や未知のブラウザ脆弱性などで 盗まれた場合、同一の攻撃手法で CSRF 攻撃を受けるため、どれも危険になる 。 こ の1点に関しては、 「いわゆる高木方式」を含む各手法間の優劣は存在しない。
つまり、 「 いわゆる高木方式」に上に書いた
CSSXSS 対策を施せば、 CSSXSS を利用した CSRF / セッション窃盗 攻撃に対して安全になる 。
「 『いわゆる高木方式』で万が一フォームの値が漏れたときにsession IDが直接漏れるのは怖い 」 、 という意見は（「怖い」という感情的な表現のレベルなら）心情的には一応理解できる。
しかし、「session ID 方式は現状でずば抜けて危険である」とか、 逆に「session ID でなければ漏れた際の被害が少なく、有意に安全である」という積極的主張は、
CSRF による 「 間接セッション乗っ取り 」の危険性 を過小評価しており、不適当であると私は考える。 また、上記のような「怖さ」に基づく対策を敢えて採用する場合でも、session
ID 自体が十分に 安全に生成されていれば、session ID の SHA - 1 ハッシュで十分と考えられる 。
「 いわゆる高木方式」やその他の値を用いる方式を含め、
付加認証情報自体のエントロピーは、CSRF攻撃に対する安全性に直結するので、
外部からの推測に対して十分に ( session ID と同程度に ) 安全な情報を用いる必要がある。 推測容易な手法で生成した一時トークンによるCSRF 対策は、 推測困難な session ID を用いた 「 いわゆる高木方式 」や、「高木方式ハッシュ適応版」より遥かに危険である。
といった感じになりますね。みなさま貴重なご意見ありがとうございます。
私個人的にも CSSXSS は興味深い問題ではあるんで、キチンと対策を考えてみたいとは 思っていますが、仕様の明示できないバグ挙動の回避は、ある意味いくら考えても 他に抜け穴のある可能性が否定できないんで、微妙ではあるんですよね。 元稿の脚注で触れた昨年 の
Ruby の件ではソースファイルがあったのである意味で挙動は正確に把握できたのですが、
IE に関しては完全にブラックボックスなので、思いついた攻撃の範囲にどうしても限定されてしまうんですよね……。
さて、元の（えびさんから参照されていた金床さんの）ページは閉鎖されてしまったようなんですけど... ( ^^ ; ; 「 ( 刑法上の ) 名誉毀損 」ってのも微妙だなぁ ( ^^ ; ;
Published online 25 August 2005 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news050822-7
News
Forests do not get a growth spurt from greenhouse gas .
Trees in Switzerland did n't grow more when doused with carbon dioxide - but no one knows if the same would hold true elsewhere .
© Punchstock
Trees do n't seem to grow any faster when given an exrtra dose of carbon dioxide , Swiss scientists have found .
Their study could shatter the widespread belief that rising concentrations of carbon dioxide may be kept partly in check by blossoming plant growth .
Some researchers have suggested that as carbon dioxide levels rise , plants will thrive on the gas , which they use to photosynthesize ; trees may be prompted to grow faster and grasses to spread , for example , which would help to suck up some of the excess carbon dioxide .
But a study of a large patch of deciduous forest near Basel in Switzerland , which has been artificially sprayed with excess carbon dioxide for years , has shown no such increase in growth .
" Some scientists and politicians cling to the idea that a carbon - dioxide - rich future might favour the greening of planet Earth .
It 's time to disillusion them , " says Christian Körner , a plant ecologist at the University of Basel who led the study .
" What remains is the greenhouse gas effect , " he adds .
Simulating the future
The team artificially created sustained carbon - dioxide - rich conditions in the patch measuring 500 square metres by spraying pure carbon dioxide into the canopy of about a dozen mature deciduous trees .
Each day during the six - month annual growth season , the scientists sprayed two tons of extra carbon dioxide , from industrial waste , into the canopy .
This simulated an atmosphere loaded with about 530 ppm of carbon dioxide , roughly 1.5 times what exists today .
But after four years the researchers found no signs of enhanced biomass growth in stems or leaves , they report in Science1 .
The trees had merely pumped the extra carbon through their bodies , quickly re-releasing it through root and soil microbe respiration ; there was no lasting effect on growth and photosynthesis .
To rule out confounding factors , the team determined the extent of natural variations in tree growth , with the help of the tree - ring record , during a two - year pre-treatment study .
They were also careful to select a multi-species forest in the middle of its life that is widely undisturbed by human interference .
Given the limited duration and extent of the experiment , it is too early to say whether the results can be generalized , says Körner .
The team was unable to include conifers in their study , for example .
It also remains to be seen whether a fraction of all this extra carbon might be stored in the soil rather than in the trees .
If so , there may still be cause to think that forests will suck up more carbon dioxide in a warming world .
Branching out
Körner says his carbon - dioxide fertilization technique should be applied in three or four large experiments in different vegetation zones , from boreal forests to tropical rain forests , with an international board of scientists overseeing the studies .
" This is the only way to settle the fundamental question of how changes in the air affect the bulk of the Earth 's biomass , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The results of some previous small - scale experiments have suggested that carbon - dioxide enrichment does stimulate plant growth .
Yadvinder Mahli , for example , a plant ecologist at the University of Oxford , found a small biomass increase in the Amazon rain forest over the past 25 years ( ref 2 ) .
How much of this can be attributed to increased carbon dioxide is unknown , however .
" The Swiss study is fantastic in terms of methodology and species mix , " says Mahli .
But it is too early to come to general conclusions , he says .
" A similar experiment in tropical forests should definitely become a top priority . "
University of Basel
New US Embassy Nearing Completion Fortress America Arrives in Berlin
One thing was clear at the topping out ceremony for the new United States Embassy in Berlin .
The new building is a modern - day fortress .
Von Sebastian Knauer
Introduction
Python [ 1 ] is a popular programming language .
Both Python and Lua are commonly embedded in applications to provide scripting support .
Scripting is more frequently being used in games .
There are many factors to take into account when choosing a scripting language .
It may be a simple decision based on the architecture of the target platform like whether you are on a PC or game console .
Assuming you have the luxury of a fast CPU , virtual memory , and hard disk storage , the vast library resources of Python could help get your project completed sooner .
If you do n't have those luxuries , Python is not an option as it is quite large .
General Comparison
The following is a simple comparison , with advantages of both Python and Lua over each other listed :
Python
Is better equipped .
Huge library of very useful functionality .
Very useful for off line work , e.g. tool scripting .
Huge catalog of example scripts [ 2 ] , tutorials [ 3 ] , help [ 4 ] and general reference material [ 5 ] .
Extremely high performance numeric computing ( ala scientific and graphics ) is possible with an add - on module that implements true multidimensional arrays .
Strictly speaking , Lua has no arrays and must use a table structure for them .
Lua arrays are tables , that 's true .
The implementation has dual nature , however , and array usage ( 1..N indices ) is optimized as it should be .
- ak
Also , it 's not really true that Lua must use a table for arrays .
It 's possible to create optimized arrays like the ones you describe with userdata ... there 's an example in the Blue PiL of this .
-nw
ctypes ( a module available for Python 2.4 and scheduled for core inclusion in 2.5 ) allows access to existing shared libraries ( . so or .dll ) without writing a C wrapper .
See Alien for this functionality in Lua . [ 6 ]
-nw
Has a remote debugger [ 7 ] .
See list of remote debuggers for Lua : [ 8 ]
Lua has a simpler though more minimalistic syntax ( and could not have been made much simpler ) .
The difference is not huge though .
Compare [ 9 ] [ 10 ] .
Python has extensive slicing for strings and lists , which is a big productivity gain .
I would recommend a slicing library be used by those who want to be more productive in Lua .
Lua list comprehension libraries : [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 13 ]
Python has more extensive ( though by no means perfect ) Unicode support .
Python is whitespace sensitive .
Experienced Python developers know that this is n't an issue once the point of this feels weird is gone .
Besides not being a problem , it collaborates to standardizing the way code looks , thus facilitating the readability across different code bases .
FUD about this being a problem is usually spread by people not using it in a daily basis , as some sampling in Google can easily demonstrate .
A pretty - printer exists for Lua , so code could be " standardized " just as easily as for Python .
- SharkD Yeah , but you 're not forced to use it .
Python forces your code to look at least half - way decent .
Big difference .
— MR
Python has binary operators ( or , and , xor , ... ) built in .
Embedded systems really benefit from these , though Lua can be extended to include these with addon libraries or using LuaX enumerations .
'' Lua 5.3. x introduced the int subtype , along with bitwise operators - HowardHarkness
Python has the ability to reduce errors though somewhat more static type checking .
Lua programs are much more error prone , due to automatic coercion , accessing of unset variables without an exception , and having to check most functions for nil values , rather than just catching the exceptions .
There may be some advantages to some of these points however .
IMO the only decent way of solving this is static analysis .
Most of my catastrophic globals typos have been in less - used codepaths , and even had -w survived , they would have blown up on people at the worst times .
Hence LuaLint , which I suppose I should have a go at for 5.1 ...
-- JayCarlson
This is an issue of stronger / weaker [ 14 ] typing , not static / dynamic [ 15 ] . -- xlq
Python has much more beginner documentation .
There is still a lack of introductory material for Lua .
Lua
Smaller footprint than Python .
e.g. Look at the size of python22.dll , 824kb .
A basic Lua engine , including parser / compiler / interpreter , but excluding standard libraries , weighs in at under 100kb .
Uses less memory [ 16 ]
Seems to lack any use or implementation of pointers , ( References ? )
What about USERDATA and light USERDATA ?
this is not true ,
All tables are passed by reference .
simply place data in a table ( even a table in a table ) and then pass it to the function .
Faster interpreter ( Lua vs. Python ) and faster JIT compiler ( LuaJIT vs. Psyco ) [ 17 ] .
How about PyPy ??
Has a nice simple API for talking between script and C , with very little generation of glue code required .
Try creating and manipulating lists and dictionaries in Python and then doing it in Lua .
Does n't use reference counting for objects which can get complex and error prone .
Although you can use things like the Python Boost library [ 18 ] if you 're into C ++.
Lua started off as a configuration language .
This has some nice quirks in that it 's great for creating and configuring things - which is what you want to do in a game .
Has a nice , simple , and very powerful syntax .
I find you can write the same thing in Lua with less code than Python and you have more flexibilty because of Lua 's metamechanisms .
e.g. tables are lists and dictionaries combined in Lua ( although you can make them behave like PythonLists and PythonDictionaries ) .
Anonymous functions are also particularly nice for configuring things .
In Python you get their poor cousin , lambda functions .
Small , simple , stable codebase .
Easy to poke around inside and modify if need be .
Probably not as well documented and commented as Python .
It 's really not that easy to poke around .
And there really are n't that many comments .
- jv I disagree .
I found it refreshingly simple to poke around in the Lua sources and make changes to the compiler and VM .
The codebase is very clean and well thought out .
- bp
With the aid of the book I found the codebase straight forward and easy to modify .
I often package a custom lua engine with my software , and the ability to do so with minimal impact on resources is of great value to me .
- mw
Few external modules make Lua easier to bundle for a specialized purpose , even if the vanilla build has less functionality than required .
Compare this with python 's numerous modules which include libraries that come with the standard distribution .
Lua does support multiple threading .
Multiple Lua intrepreters can exist in the same process and each one can run independently in its own thread .
Thus Lua is more suitable for embedding in multithreaded programs .
Lua is not whitespace sensitive .
While this has its downsides when compared with Python , there is no need to worry about automatic editor space - to - tab conversion or vice versa .
When using a proportional width font , Lua allows use of as much indentation as necessary to make the code easy to read .
Lua has out - of - the - box support for multiple threads and multiple interpreters in a single thread or process .
Python does not support multiple threads with multiple interpreters in a single process .
Multiple threads can access the Python interpreter but each thread must hold a global lock while doing so .
This is incorrect .
The global interpreter lock " ( GIL ) is per-interpreter as its name implies , not per process ; you could indeed embed multiple interpreters in a single process .
- JonathanEllis ?
The original author is correct , the GIL is per process .
You can have multiple interpreters , but they 're just a scoping thing , they do not allow multiple concurrent threads to run .
See [ 19 ] for the most concise discussion I 've found on this .
But original author is still wrong in the statement ' Python does not support multiple threads with multiple interpreters in a single process ' , depending on how you want to interpret it .
The GIL is per process .
You can have multiple interpreters .
You can also have multiple threads .
These can be running in the same or different sub interpreters within the one process at the same time .
When any one specific thread is running in Python code though it will acquire the GIL , in doing this you lock out any other threads which need to have the GIL at that time when running .
Thus , although you can have multiple threads at the same time , for Python bound code you can't effectively run them concurrently .
This means for example that two Python threads can't at the same time make use of two distinct CPUs or cores in the system .
The only time this is n't the case is when Python code enters C code and because of the GIL not being required the thread releases it .
At that point , the thread operating in the C code portion can run concurrent to the Python bound thread .
As such , Python extension modules should always release the GIL if not required when calling out to C code .
Python extension modules which wrap a significant C library where data is sufficiently distinct from Python to allow the GIL to be released can thus still see true concurrency .
Even with the corrections above , this only applies to the CPython interpreter .
Other Python implementations such as Jython , IronPython and PyPy do not have a global interpreter lock .
The last statement is incorrect ; PyPy has a GIL just like CPython .
See [ 20 ]
The rest of the statement is correct though .
The GIL limitation is not present in all implementations .
It is definately not a limitation in IronPython .
I would assume it is also not a limitation in Jython since there is a lot of similarity there , though I have no personal experience with Jython .
- KJR PyPy ?
STM is a PyPy ?
implementation without the GIL .
- JKH
Object Orientation
Comparison based on OO models will follow here :
Python
dictates a specific model for object - oriented programming .
Python has rich OO capabilities , including metaclasses , multiple inheritance , and so on .
Lua
does not dictate any particular OO system .
Instead you can build your own ( using meta - methods ) and tailor it to your needs .
On the fence
They both have automatic binding generators .
SWIG works for both .
Lua also has toLua ( which hasnt been developed for a while but works for 4.0 - not sure about 4.1 ) .
Update :
There is now a toLua 5.0a , which works great !
Lua starts table indices at 1 , which is strange for a language designed to interface with C where arrays start at 0 .
( Comment : Ad - hoc , there is no problem to use index 0 or even - 1 ...
So if you are a C programmer , you can use " t [ 0 ] =t [ - 1 ] " etc .
But if you are not programmer ... for example , for technical computing , you will feel familiar with tables t[ 1..n ] )
This is n't strictly true anymore , as in Lua 5.1 the length operator # for tables does not count elements at 0 , and can not be made to do so via metatables .
See CountingFromOne .
- VeLoSo
Lua handles only one type of numbers , usually C doubles or floats , which can lead to overwhelming processing .
You should look at the work Python does to add two integers , and think about what overwhelming processing might mean .
( In Python , every integer outside of the range [ - 1 , 100 ) is freshly allocated , for example . )
Lua number type can easily be changed at compile time to double , float , even long or int ( if one does n't care for floating points .. ) .
But there is a genuine need to have separate int and number types , I agree .
- ak '' Lua 5.3.x introduced int subtype .
The CPython interpreter has an extension language called Cython [ 21 ] that uses the same syntax and semantics as Python , but uses an optimising compiler that translates it into C code .
This allows for easy integration with C , C++ and Fortran code through wrappers that integrate well with the Python language .
This is unmatched in the Lua world .
Cython also provides a straight forward optimisation path for Python code towards fast , hand - optimised computational code that usually beats the available JIT compilers .
Lua with LuaJIT is very fast for computational code already , so that such a manual optimisation path may not be required here .
Pypy , also a JIT compiler , already outperforms CPython and is used extensively by the Python community , without needing manual optimizations .
http://speed.pypy.org/
LuaJIT is the equivalent for Lua
References
Crystal Space [ 22 ] supports both languages .
The source code available may provide useful information to help decide on suitability .
Update : lua may be stagnant due to lack of swig
The Nebula Device [ 23 ] also supports both languages in addition to TCL .
User opinion
Please let 's not start a flamewar here .
Please feel free to make a simple objective statement about your experience .
Where can I read about this " - w " option for Lua ?
Google turns up nothing .
--
Alex
Does n't exist anymore .
Search " lua - w " ( in quotes ) in http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/ .
See DetectingUndefinedVariables instead .
-- DavidManura
IMHO I 've dabbled with putting both in games and tools .
Python is better for offline tools , Lua is better for embedding and configuration .
Python has a mass of very useful libraries for most tasks and Lua is small , fast and very configurable , ideal for embedding .
-- NickTrout
Everything is an object allocated on the heap in Python , including numbers .
( So 123+456 creates a new heap object ) .
I think this might be a big part of the speed difference .
-- JeffPetkau
Lua 5.0 has excellent coroutine ( or latent function or whatever you call it ) support , which is very important for game scripting .
Stackless Python had them too , but they never made it into the core .
( This was * the* issue that decided us on Lua over Python in our engine . )
-- JeffPetkau
A strange point to base your entire decision upon .
Python 's generators are the same as the upcoming Lua 's limited coroutines .
See LuaList:2002-07/msg00174.html .
They 're related , but not the same .
Lua 's coroutines are much more general .
Also , we did n't base the entire decision upon this point ; it was just the issue that tipped the balance .
Python generators historically were not " the same " as coroutines : see http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0342/ for recent changes to Python to support coroutines .
Very good coroutine support is available for Python , without going down the full blown Stackless route , by using greenlets from the Codespeak library ( Debian package python - codespeak - lib ) .
--SeanHoldsworth
But does that really help with recursive generators ?
See LuaCoroutinesVersusPythonGenerators
Python seems to be ( From me , a person learning Lua for Gary 's mod , and an avid python user ) what Lua almost wants to be , for example Python 's everything is a pointer attitude rules , its import rather then include stuff , and the whole fact that everything you do is an object , there are rumours about its memory management being quite ... well crap , but it would apear that python 3000 clears this up
i will be adding a note about python 's pointer attitude , and how i have not found ; well lua does " references " which are ... strange , in python one can still quite easily copy variables
Lua is ideal when you want a small footprint being added to your code : it 's the smaller scripting engine available at the moment , afaik .
That was because I have chosen it to develop Lixoo , a 2D adventure game engine .
One of my goals is that a ready - to - use Lixoo distribution ( including the engine and basic development tools ) must weight less than one megabyte .
-- AdrianPerez
Lua has the power of Lisp / Scheme , but a simple syntax and also a great implementation .
I am very interested in how Lua performs in embedded ( real - time ) applications .
Its core is small , its design allows for flexibility .
Special language features , such as state - depend sets of methods in an object , can easily be implemented through metatables .
State can also be kept in coroutines .
Those are all things which I had wished to have in Python .
However Python shines with its plentiful libraries , its excellent documentation and its beautiful syntax .
I do not like it to close every block with an " end " I am not used to it anymore ;-)
Last but not least some bugs cause exceptions in Python like division by zero , regardless of the number type ( double / integer ) , whereas I think Lua catches more errors during compilation .
However I assume Python will catch up .
Tools like PyChecker ?
are already available and some ideas will be hopefully integrated into the core .
I like both languages and use them for different purposes .
-- Dominic
I have been , and still am , an avid Python user .
I have never used Python in an embedding scenario , however , because I found it to be too painful to work with .
When I encountered Lua 3.2 , I felt like someone had opened up my skull , found all my criticisms of Python 's embedding and then used that to make a language and environment that did what I wanted it to .
Since then I have continued to use Python , of course .
I find Python - - because of its huge set of libraries -- to be a more suited to general - purpose scripting and RAD work .
I 'm also very comfortable with Python 's syntax , quirks and all , so find that my fingers just naturally do things The Python Way .
( The number of times I 've been burned by using '. ' instead of ' :' as a method accessor in Lua would make most people choke with laughter . )
I laugh , however , at even a hint of the slightest possibility of using Python for anything embedded .
Lua is my tool of choice there .
-- MichaelRichter
The Pythonic way is to extend rather than embed .
Embedding is regarded as something which should never be done , in the Python community .
( For a brief explanation of why , see http://www.twistedmatrix.com/users/glyph/rant/extendit.html .)
Lua fills the niche which Python avoids here quite neatly .
On the other hand I think some nice dynamic library support in Lua would n't go astray .
( I 'm the author of that rant , and I do n't think that it necessarily reflects the mainstream view of the Python community .
I wish it did - I really do think most embedding just plays to the insecurities and misconceptions of C programmers rather than filling a real technical need .
On a related note , I have been waiting for Lua to realize it's a real programming language and stop messing around with this " script " garbage ... )
( I 'm not the author of the rant , and it 's the first time I read that it should " never be done " .
Blender , OpenOffice ? , and others would certainly make it clear that this is n't true .
You can also read [ 24 ] to see that this is n't the case ) .
I use Python extensively for game development and I think that Lua may be a better choice if you are looking for a language you can easily embbed into your engine to create entity logic or configuration / tweaking scripts .
Python is a powerful general - purpouse language and you will pay a price for that in terms of integration complexity , performance and memory requirement .
If , however , you are shopping for a high productivity language that can replace C or C++ in many of your modules , Python is clearly a better choice ( as noted above , this is better done in Python through extensions instead of embedding ) .
Lua was desinged for small scale scripts and can't compete with Python for large scale development .
-- Camelo
New to scripting , I intended to compare different alternatives before settling on a one to use in my 3D game engine .
I spent three hours getting basic Lua 5 embedding and extending to work .
I though to myself , " this scripting thing is n't that hard ! " , and turned to Python .
Four days of pain and frustration later , after having miserated with the Python C- API , trying to get Boost .
Python to compile with Python 2.3 , trying CXX and SWIG and God knows what else , and trying to get these to run using windows.h under Visual Studio 6 ( which caused multiple mutual incompatabilities ) I found luabind and I do n't think I 'll ever look back to Python again .
-- Mike Just a comment for Mike : although I never used it , Boost .
Python does not work with Python 2.3 but 2.2 . See [ 25 ] . --
Thomas I 'm not sure when this reference was made , however you can easily switch the version of Python Boost .
Python compiles against , currently .
However , Python is a somewhat pain to embed , I 've found .
Most notably , it 's Global Interpreter Lock mechanism is a bit of a pain for multithreaded C++ apps .
Boost .
Python 1.33.1 news : build now assumes Python 2.4 by default , rather than 2.2 . -- AnonymousDonor ?
Python 's scoping , even with the " new " nested scoping , is very limited and error - prone .
Loops and such constructs do not open a new scope , so there is no way to create private variables within them .
This is a problem , for example , if you happen to make a variable in your loop that has the same name as something preceeding the loop : you will overwrite that outer variable .
There is no way around this in Python other than to be wary of name clashes , or to use lots of nested functions in order open new scopes .
In contrast , Lua gives you precise control in this situation : within the loop you can either use local and make a private variable , or omit it and write to the outer variable .
-- JohnBelmonte
In my experience , hiding a variable from an outer scope is what is error - prone , and Python prevents this .
A single name within a single function referring to two separate objects is bound to confuse people .
In fact , many C++ style guides advice against hiding variables like this .
Python emphasizes readable code , and disallowing this behaviour you want is actually a step in that direction .
-- AnonymousDonor ?
In C# , hiding variables that way is an error .
I like it that way - I want the compiler to notify me of any ambiguities , and let me disambiguate them ( by making variable names unique within a function ) -- BjarkeDahlEbert
Yeah , hiding a variable from an outer could be a problem , but everyone of us like to use descriptive name for the variables , so , at the end you 'll run to problem like i cannot take the name value_index , because it was used above , and i will need to type local_value_index , and at the end we come to the solution what Lua uses .
and make a private variable , or omit it and write to the outer variable .
-- JohnBelmonte I 'm new in the both languages , but I would say that both languages seem as powerful , but they do n't do the same job .
I would say that the difference between python and lua is the same as the difference between java and C .
Like java , python is big , with large libraries , quite slow , but works well to use a lot of functionalities .
On the other side , like C , lua is light , implemented on nearly all platforms , but helps the user less to have a good design .
-- Xavier
I spent a good amount time researching a scripting language to embed in a C++ program and it all came down to Python or Lua .
After spending more than a day trying to get boost .
python to work , I gave up since I could n't even get a trivial Hello World program to compile with bjam .
On top of that I did n't find a decent way to just add in some global variables ( that were pointers to C++ classes ) to a python interpreter and did n't like the boost .
python syntax or methods for implementing virtual functions .
Anyways , I decided to spend a few hours and see how far I could get with lua and using tolua + +
I able to expose all public methods and vars in dozens of classes and everything worked as I expected .
Yea , the virtual function implementation does n't work and I can't derive from a C++ interface to create a new lua class , but I 'll live .
Neither are a complete solution , but anything is better than implementing all this in C ++. -- Tom
Just a quick point to all those who struggled with SWIG or Boost etc with Python -- I found PyInline [ 26 ] , it 's like magic .
I just make a string with some C code , call " make " , and I have callable Python routines !
It works great on XP and Fedora , with the exact same source code .
Some quirks regarding includes , but for simple gluing to a . so or DLL , it 's killer .
That said , I 'm on the prowl for a super - small core embeddable language for some robotics stuff , and Lua looks very nice so far .
Those complaining about the hazardous nature of the Python -C API should look at Pyrex .
I have n't worked with it myself but I think I 'll end up doing that for my upcoming game .
It has Pythonic syntax but can use C datatypes , and thus you can much more easily write C modules for Python .
Of course , this is still extending Python rather than embedding it .
I might use Lua instead if I find out that I 'm not using a lot of the added functionality or stability of Python .
For Python , use Elmer .
http://elmer.sourceforge.net/ .
It really makes embedding and extending Python easy .
Use the tool best suited for the job .
If I want to do a one - off standalone program that does some string manipulation ( usually to support my wife 's business ) , I use Python .
For adding scripting facility to a large embedded system , Lua is a bit better .
For writing a large , complex program , C++ is my tool of choice .
For modifying or adding functionality to a WordPress ?
site , PHP is the path of least resistance , but I find myself wishing somebody would redo that mess with Python .
See Also
Claim : Images show a photographer making a dangerous leap from rock to rock in the Grand Canyon .
REAL PHOTOGRAPHS ; INACCURATE DESCRIPTION
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2006 ]
Dumb luck – ALMOST a Darwin Award winner Dumb luck – ALMOST a Darwin Award winner
This is a case of photographer photographs photographer .
The following photographs were taken by photographer Hans van de Vorst at the Grand Canyon , Arizona .
The descriptions are his own .
The identity of the photographer IN the photos is unknown .
I was simply stunned seeing this guy standing on this solitary rock IN the Grand Canyon .
The canyon ’s depth is 900 meters here .
The rock on the right is next to the canyon and safe .
Watching this guy on his thong sandals , with a camera and a tripod I asked myself 3 questions : 1 . How did he climb that rock ?
2 . Why not taking that sunset picture on that rock to the right , which is perfectly safe ?
3 . How will he get back ?
This is the point of no return .
This is the point of no return .
After the sun set behind the canyon ’s horizon he packed his things ( having only one hand available ) and prepared himself for the jump .
This took about 2 minutes .
At that point he had the full attention of the crowd .
After that , he jumped on his thong sandals …
The canyon ’s depth is 900 meters here .
Now you can see that the adjacent rock is higher so he tried to land lower , which is quite steep and tried to use his one hand to grab the rock .
We ’ve come to the end of this little story .
Look carefully at the photographer .
He has a camera , a tripod and also a plastic bag , all on his shoulder or in his left hand .
Only his right hand is available to grab the rock and the weight of his stuff is a problem .
He lands low on this flip flops both his right hand and right foot slips away …
At that moment I take this shot .
He pushes his body against the rock .
He waits for a few seconds , throws his stuff on the rock , climbs and walks away .
Origins :
One common technique employed by stage magicians in pulling off convincing illusions is to show only part of something , suggest the whole , then take advantage of the
human mind ’s tendency to fill in the blanks .
For example , a magician might announce he is holding a knife and show the audience a blade
sticking out of his clenched fist , knowing full well that onlookers will naturally assume the knife ’s handle is inside his hand ( when , in fact , the knife has no handle at all ) .
That ’s the principle at work in the images displayed above , taken by photographer Hans van de Vorst , which seemingly show another photographer making a foolhardy , death - defying leap across two Grand Canyon outcroppings wearing only sandals on his feet , and clutching his photographic gear in one hand !
The key to the illusion is what the viewer does n’t see , thereby leading him to make inaccurate assumptions about the whole .
The area shown is a popular photographic spot in the Grand Canyon , for the very reason demonstrated above : if a photographer frames his picture just right , he can make it appear his subject is leaping across a yawning chasm where the slightest misstep will seemingly result in the risk - taker ’s plummeting hundreds ( if not thousands ) of feet to certain death on the canyon floor below .
What one does n’t see in these kinds of close shots is the connecting ledge just beneath the two rock formations — carefully framed out of such shots — showing the jumper who misses his mark risks falling only a relatively short distance , not plunging “ 900 meters “ :
Although the leap still has an element of danger to it , a reasonably careful jumper primarily risks some bruises or maybe a broken arm or leg , not a plunge into the depths of the Grand Canyon .
ELLISON TO GRADS : DIPLOMAS ARE FOR LOSERS
Oracle CEO Urges Students to Drop out , Start up
NEW HAVEN , CONN . ( SatireWire.com ) —
In one of the more controversial commencement addresses in memory , Oracle CEO and college dropout Larry Ellison told Yale 's Class of 2000 they were " losers " whose hard - won diplomas would never propel them into the ranks of the super rich .
The evangelical Ellison , noting that college dropouts Bill Gates , Paul Allen , and Michael Dell were , like himself , on Forbes ' recent top 10 list of billionaires , urged freshmen and sophomores at the ceremony to " drop out and start up , " and added that the undereducated Yale security guards who ushered him off stage probably had a better shot at uber - wealth than graduating seniors .
What follows is a transcript of the speech delivered by Ellison at the Yale University last month :
" Graduates of Yale University , I apologize if you have endured this type of prologue before , but I want you to do something for me .
Please , take a good look around you .
Look at the classmate on your left .
Look at the classmate on your right .
Now , consider this : five years from now , 10 years from now , even 30 thirty years from now , odds are the person on your left is going to be a loser .
The person on your right , meanwhile , will also be a loser .
And you , in the middle ?
What can you expect ?
Loser .
Loserhood .
Loser Cum Laude .
" In fact , as I look out before me today , I do n't see a thousand hopes for a bright tomorrow .
I do n't see a thousand future leaders in a thousand industries .
I see a thousand losers .
" You 're upset .
That 's understandable .
After all , how can I , Lawrence ' Larry ' Ellison , college dropout , have the audacity to spout such heresy to the graduating class of one of the nation 's most prestigious institutions ?
I 'll tell you why .
Because I , Lawrence " Larry " Ellison , second richest man on the planet , am a college dropout , and you are not .
" Because Bill Gates , richest man on the planet -- for now , anyway -- is a college dropout , and you are not .
" Because Paul Allen , the third richest man on the planet , dropped out of college , and you did not .
" And for good measure , because Michael Dell , No. 9 on the list and moving up fast , is a college dropout , and you , yet again , are not .
" Hmm ... you 're very upset .
That 's understandable .
So let me stroke your egos for a moment by pointing out , quite sincerely , that your diplomas were not attained in vain .
Most of you , I imagine , have spent four to five years here , and in many ways what you 've learned and endured will serve you well in the years ahead .
You 've established good work habits .
You 've established a network of people that will help you down the road .
And you 've established what will be lifelong relationships with the word ' therapy . '
All that of is good .
For in truth , you will need that network .
You will need those strong work habits .
You will need that therapy .
" You will need them because you did n't drop out , and so you will never be among the richest people in the world .
Oh sure , you may , perhaps , work your way up to No. 10 or No. 11 , like Steve Ballmer .
But then , I do n't have to tell you who he really works for , do I ?
And for the record , he dropped out of grad school .
Bit of a late bloomer .
" Finally , I realize that many of you , and hopefully by now most of you , are wondering , ' Is there anything I can do ?
Is there any hope for me at all ? '
Actually , no .
It 's too late .
You 've absorbed too much , think you know too much .
You 're not 19 anymore .
You have a built - in cap , and I 'm not referring to the mortar boards on your heads .
" Hmm ... you 're really very upset .
That 's understandable .
So perhaps this would be a good time to bring up the silver lining .
Not for you , Class of '00 .
You are a write - off , so I 'll let you slink off to your pathetic $ 200,000 - a - year jobs , where your checks will be signed by former classmates who dropped out two years ago .
" Instead , I want to give hope to any underclassmen here today .
I say to you , and I can't stress this enough : leave .
Pack your things and your ideas and do n't come back .
Drop out .
Start up .
" For I can tell you that a cap and gown will keep you down just as suredly as these security guards dragging me off this stage are keeping me dow ... "
Copyright © 2000 - 2004 , SatireWire .
The beauty of Chinese society today is its ability to represent virtually every epoch of society , every possible strata , all at once .
Unlike the U.S. , where virtually every creed and color finds a home or at least a struggle for one , in China peasants rub shoulders with avant - garde artists and nouveau - riche fat cats with little education and rent five - star hotel rooms next to multilingual Party secretaries with world - class degrees .
America is a melting pot of cultures ; China is a melting pot of classes .
With this comes a variety of problems for the government to solve .
It must raise the living standard for the common laborer running his smoke shop on the street corner and bring 21st - century farming methods and education to the countryside , while reining in corrupt businessmen and their bureaucrat cronies .
But this is not all : the country is starving for energy , so every river with some white water is being dammed , and the Party ’s hold on power is as tenuous as it ever was , so the thought police have to keep all of these various social groups in check .
In come the “ little capitalists . ”
This group is a relatively new creation in today ’s China , although they have existed throughout the ages as the intellectual elite , or the aspiring intellectuals .
In modern China , little capitalists are those who have gained enough wealth and / or education to fend for themselves quite well in this shark - infested ocean and have thereby gained a taste for the finer things in life .
But for them , the finer things transcend materialism .
Of course , the finer things include trips to Nepal and Lhasa , lattes at Starbucks , and perhaps an SUV but , most recently and most importantly , also a newfound taste and a longing for the old ways .
These are the Chinese hippies , if you will .
They have a disdain for the rampant corruption and commercialization of their country and a love for the environment that has inspired poets for thousands of years .
They see little or no hope to save their nation from the ravages of progress and therefore spend much of their time in the mountains and forests of western China  Sichuan , Qinghai , Guizhou , Yunnan , and Tibet  living among the various minorities , writing books , filming documentaries , and lambasting the Party whenever possible .
The Party , for them , is a mindless Borg intent on maintaining power , destroying all opposition , and increasing wealth through nepotism till Judgment Day cometh .
The little capitalists are escaping to the woods and valleys of ancient China , to the few old towns still untouched by desperate greed , and they nurse their grieving wounds with works of art and literature and deep conversations that lead , in the end , to sorrowful silence .
They are China ’s bleeding - heart liberals .
They know enough about the outside world to be arrogantly aloof and / or welcomingly receptive to foreign hippies who have escaped their own countries  where progess also seems to reign supreme .
The contradiction in their own hearts is a product of 40 years in China .
The contradiction , the conflict , revolves around looking West for hope while at the same time reaching back into their own rich culture and history to find a local solution to a global issue : globalization and its discontents .
The light at the end of the tunnel is that the little capitalists , although at times reviled by their own countrymen for selling out to Western values , seem to be growing in numbers and power .
The primary reason for this is their love for China and the glory of the past , coupled with generous acts and a healthy dose of self - importance .
Their patriotism keeps them alive , their self - importance impresses , and their acts endear them to others .
Besides , it ’s cooler to be a little capitalist with a tea house in Dali than a fat cat being driven from dinner to dinner in the big city .
The train rumbling through the tunnel is the power of the Bao Fa Hu and the inexorable growth of desperate greed , fueled by an almost despairing reliance on the tools of the day : corruption , bribery , and selling one ’s soul in return for material wealth .
Selling out is par for the course in modern China , and little capitalists ( although they themselves hate the moniker and distance themselves from it at all times ) are fighting the good fight .
They remind me of antiwar activists in America .
The Bao Fa Hu is the very large and powerful group of stupendously wealthy businessmen and women who have little “ cultural worth , ” even if they themselves realize this .
Bao Fa means “ explosively rich ”  referring to the overnight successes available to those with the channels to bribe correctly .
Hu means “ group . ”
They are peasant pimps , if you will , with the trappings of the elite , but with very small hearts .
The light at the end of this tunnel is that the Bao Fa Hu long for acknowledgment as more than just peasant pimps , as shining beacons of the power and wisdom of the Chinese nation  mercantile , culturally superior , and spiritually tending toward Buddha .
The Bao Fa Hu visit temples often .
It is important to be seen as a spiritual man / woman if you are to escape from under the umbrella of peasant pimpdom .
Little capitalists scorn these fake Buddhists , declaring them to be praying for naught but forgiveness for their dirty deeds  and the strength to continue committing them .
They are not truly looking for spiritual enlightenment , but just realize that “ this is the thing to do when rich . ”
The Lao Bai Xing ( “ old hundred name , ” i.e. , commoners ) accuse the little capitalists of the very same crime : buying up pu-er tea , sipping lattes , and being friendly with Tibetan monks because “ this is the thing to do when an intellectual . ”
Chinese society is a roiling cauldron .
Hu Jintao may claim his nation is undergoing a peaceful rise to the top , but there is nothing peaceful about the soul - searching going on among the upper classes or the free - for - all frenzy for material security among the lower classes .
The social and political revolutions that brought Europe and America to their proverbial knees throughout the 20th century are hitting China in full force today .
Socialism and capitalism are warring with each other while Buddhism and spiritualism slowly gain power .
Nationalism and globalism fight for possession of the little capitalist ’s soul as he / she retreats to the hills for respite and clarity .
The thought wars in China are of much greater consequence for the Chinese than for us looking in from the outside  but if there be a bleeding - heart intellectual in Sichuan and one in California , would n’t it be interesting for them to meet and sip lattes and pu’er tea ?
The decision by the government 's chief legal adviser to denounce the detention centre in Cuba as ' unacceptable ' will dismay the Bush administration , which has continually rejected claims that the camp breaches international laws on human rights .
But Goldsmith will tell a global security conference at the Royal United Services Institute this week that the camp at Guantánamo Bay must not continue .
' It is time , in my view , that it should close . '
An urbane lawyer who eschews the limelight , Goldsmith is not known for shooting from the hip in such unequivocal terms ; however , it is clear he has harboured grave doubts for some time over the legality of Guantánamo under international law .
' There are certain principles on which there can be no compromise , ' Goldsmith will say .
' Fair trial is one of those - which is the reason we in the UK were unable to accept that the US military tribunals proposed for those detained at Guantánamo Bay offered sufficient guarantees of a fair trial in accordance with international standards . '
Although privately some senior ministers believe Guantánamo should be closed down , no one has so far condemned the camp in such open and trenchant terms .
To date , the strongest criticism of the camp has come from Peter Hain , the Northern Ireland minister , who said on Newsnight in February that it was his personal belief that the camp should close , while the Prime Minister said only that it is an ' anomaly ' that will have to end one day .
Goldsmith 's speech will be welcomed by human rights groups and senior members of the judiciary who have long campaigned for the government to use its influence to persuade its ally to close the camp .
The former Law Lord , Lord Steyn , now chairman of the human rights group , Justice , said last month that ' while our government condones Guantánamo
Bay the world is perplexed about our approach to the rule of law . '
Steyn made it clear that if the British government were to criticise Guantánamo it would have significant consequences .
' You may ask : how will it help in regard to the continuing outrage at Guantánamo Bay for our government now to condemn it ? '
Steyn said .
' The answer is that it would at last be a powerful signal to the world that Britain supports the international rule of law . '
In February , a high court judge , Mr Justice Collins , condemned America 's approach to human rights after reading a report by the UN human rights commissioner which found evidence of torture at the camp .
' America 's idea of what is torture is not the same as ours and does not appear to coincide with that of most civilised nations , ' Collins said .
Last week , two high court judges heard a legal argument that the government should demand the release of three British residents held in Guantánamo on the grounds that they had been subjected to torture .
Lawyers for the men said the government should lobby for their release because they were being detained ' unlawfully ' .
But Lord Justice Latham and Mr Justice Tugendhat said that , while the argument was a powerful one , ' decisions affecting foreign policy are a forbidden area ' .
Goldsmith will use his speech to acknowledge the judges ' concerns and point out that the increased terrorist threat has increased divisions between the government and legal experts .
' I would suggest that the greatest challenge which free and democratic states face today is how to balance the need to protect individual rights with the imperative of protecting the lives of the rest of the community , ' Goldsmith will say .
' The UK government is constantly being criticised for striking the wrong balance .
Sometimes the criticism comes from the right , from those who see the Human Rights
Act as a charter for criminals and terrorists which impedes the executive 's freedom of manoeuvre at every turn .
Sometimes the criticism comes from the left , from those who see in every government initiative a threat to civil liberties .
Such criticism is inevitable .'
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter , Dublin
Lord Winston is the current president of the British Association for the Advancement of Science
He fears a backlash if science fails to deliver on some of the " hype " around the cells - as he believes may happen .
He says the notion that a host of cures for serious , degenerative disorders are just around the corner is fanciful .
However , a Cambridge University stem cell researcher said he was certain the work would lead to clinical benefits .
Lord Winston believes some of the uncertainties need to be emphasised .
" Both in Britain and America , huge publicity has been given to stem cells , particularly embryonic stem cells , and the potential they offer , " he said in his presidential address to the British Association 's Festival Science in Dublin , Ireland , on Monday .
" Of course , the study of stem cells is one of the most exciting areas in biology but I think it is unlikely that embryonic stem cells are likely to be useful in healthcare for a long time . "
Embryonic doubts
Stem cells are the body 's " master cells " and have the ability to produce all manner of tissues - which has led science to investigate their potential to be used to replace the failed cells responsible for many conditions , such as heart disease and diabetes .
I was concerned that parliamentarians have been convinced that it was just a matter of a few years before we would be able to transplant stem cells and cure a lot of neurological disorders
Lord Winston , BA president
Science community reaction
" I was concerned that parliamentarians - particularly in the House of Commons - have been convinced that it was just a matter of a few years before we would be able to transplant stem cells and cure a lot of neurological disorders , like Alzheimer 's disease , for which I think it is going to be a hugely difficult problem and probably completely insoluble by stem cells . "
Lord Winston said from his own lab 's work he could see there were many problems associated with embryonic stem cells that would need to be understood and resolved before they could have clinical applications .
Cancer gain
He points to their low cell - cycle time , leading to slow replication in culture and the fact there might be selective pressure for the faster growing , but possibly abnormal cells , to dominate a culture system .
Will there be a clinical impact ?
Yes , there will be ; I 'm absolutely certain of it
Roger Pederson , Cambridge Stem Cell Initiative
These and other issues , unless resolved , he says , will result in unsuccessful therapies .
Lord Winston does not doubt that study in this area will lead to remarkable and fundamental insights into the workings of the biological cell - and that this should have a huge knock - on effect for medicine with perhaps cancer treatments among the first to benefit .
But he says he does view " the current wave of optimism " about embryonic stem cells and their use in transplant treatments with " growing scepticism " .
Wide view
Commenting on Lord Winston 's remarks , Roger Pederson , a professor of regenerative medicine and convenor of the Cambridge Stem Cell Initiative , said it was difficult to be specific about future outcomes given the youthfulness of stem cell study .
However , he told the BBC News website he was confident great gains would be made from the research .
" [ Lord Winston 's ] concerns about the slow pace of the field or the potential downside risks are not at all surprising to somebody actually working in the field .
We all think about these questions all the time , " he said .
" If you want to know when there will be a clinical impact on the field of diabetes , let 's say , I can't answer that question ; but I can answer the question , ' will there be a clinical impact ? '
Yes , there will be ; I 'm absolutely certain of it - but when exactly and what field that will be in is much harder to speculate about . "
Professor Pederson said it was important to consider benefits beyond just transplant therapies .
He said he expected , for example , drug development to make big strides by allowing pharma companies to test novel compounds on specific tissue types derived from stem cells .
Thank you all for the last 6 years or so .
It has been fun ( sometimes ) and many times not so much fun .
Unfortunately I have had enough and I do n't want to be associated with this project anymore .
I 'm sure most people ( the ones who matter ) can understand why .
If someone does n't , I could not care less .
Take care .
Please do not reply to this email .
-- Jani p.s. Delete my CVS account .
I have no use for it anymore .
「 Googleは確かに便利だが、大きな問題がある」。国立情報学研究所（NII）の高野明彦教授は指摘する。「プロの手による知識を、そこここで台無しにしている」というのだ。
Googleは、被リンク数などを尺度とした独自のアルゴリズムでサイトの重要度を機械的に判定するため、検索結果の表示順と情報の信頼性は必ずしも比例しない。これがGoogleの「唯一最大の問題」という。
「 Google上では、記者が現場を歩いて裏を取った新聞記事も、ネット上の情報を写しただけのブログ記事も同列。情報の質や、経過の“差異”が失われる」。ネットが誕生するはるか以前から培われてきたプロの手法も、ロボット検索の前には無力だ。
高野教授がこれまでに開発してきた検索システムも、同じような問題に直面してきた。例えば、国立博物館の展示物を検索できる「文化遺産オンライン」は、展示物の解説文同士をマッチングし、同じ単語を多く使われていれば「関連する展示物」として自動抽出する仕組みだが、学芸員からは評判が悪いという。「同じ絵が付いているというだけで、生産国の異なる皿が“関連する”と表示される。これが学芸員には耐えられないようだ」
人間＋機械の “ 融 合 ”
学芸員の分類と、ロボット検索の分類。この2つを融合することで、新しい検索の世界が開けるはずと高野教授は語る。学芸員などプロが人力で作った“ホワイトリスト”をカタログ化した上で、機械検索を使ってさらに世界を広げる――こんな検索が、「Googleの次」に必要とされるという。
高野教授が博物館向けに手掛けた別のシステム「遊歩館」がその例だ。学芸員が展示物を自らの視点で分類できるのが特徴で、トップページには学芸員が分類した展示物リストが並ぶ。リスト上の各展示物は「文化遺産オンライン」の展示物ページにリンクしており、クリックすれば、興味を持った展示物に関連する展示物を、機械検索によって幅広く探せる。「これは学芸員に評判が良かった」
遊歩館
高野教授が新たに開発した「 想- IMAGINE-」も、人力の編集とロボット検索を融合したシステムだ。複数のデータベースから検索した結果を、ソース別に並べて表示できる。
例えば、同じ単語や文章に対して、「 WikiPedia 」 と「世界大百科事典」と朝日新聞のデータベースから検索した結果を一覧表示。あらゆるソースの情報をごちゃ混ぜにしてしまうGoogleなどとは異なり、編集スタンス別に結果を比べられる。
検索結果のうち気になるエントリーをチェックし、もう一度検索ボタン（「IMAGINE」ボタン）を押せば、そのエントリーの文章を起点とした検索ができ、検索結果を絞り込んでいける。「検索者の『想い』を読み取ってくれる」――絞り込みの過程を、高野教授はこう表現する。
検索エンジンには、高野教授らが開発した全文検索エンジン「GETA」を活用。1つの文書や長文を検索キーとし、文書・文章内に現れる複数の単語の関連性（連想）を分析することで、その文書・文章と関連性の高いものを検索できる仕組みだ。（関連記事参照）。
「 想」は今年秋ごろに一般公開する予定。まずは、まずは、図書情報「 Webcat Plus 」 や「 新書マップ 」 「文化遺産オンライン」といった、GETAをベースに構築した非営利でオープンなコンテンツを横断検索できるようにする（関連記事参照）。その後、新聞記事やオンライン百科事典などとも連携できるよう交渉する計画だ。
「データをたくさん持っている人の所には、GoogleやAmazonから、『何億ページビューをあげますからうちのエントリーに入れてください』などと魅力的な提案が来る。しかしそれでは結局、GoogleやAmazonに情報が集まってしまう」――高野教授はこんな風に語り、GoogleやAmazonに頼らない、“人の想いをくみ取る検索”を提供していきたいとした。
Agency South Polar ozone hole makes big comeback
30/08/2005 1373 views 2 likes
This season 's Antarctic ozone hole has swollen to an area of ten million square kilometres from mid-August - approximately the same size as Europe and still expanding .
It is expected to reach maximum extent during September , and ESA satellites are vital for monitoring its development .
This year 's hole is large for this time of year , based on results from the last decade : only the ozone holes of 1996 and 2000 had a larger area at this point in their development .
Envisat 's Scanning Imaging Absorption Spectrometer for Atmospheric Chartography ( SCIAMACHY ) routinely monitors ozone levels on a global basis , continuing a dataset of measurements stretching back to mid-1995 , previously made by the Global Ozone Monitoring Experiment ( GOME ) aboard the earlier ESA spacecraft ERS - 2 .
Annual ozone holes compared by area and duration ESA data form the basis of an operational near - real time ozone monitoring and forecasting service forming part of the PROMOTE ( PROtocol MOniToring for the GMES Service Element ) consortium , made up of more than 30 partners from 11 countries , including the Royal Dutch Meteorological Institute ( KNMI ) .
As part of the PROMOTE service , the satellite results are combined with meteorological data and wind field models so that robust ozone and ultraviolet forecasts can be made .
In a first for ESA , these results are being used by the World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) to compile their regularly - updated Antarctic Ozone Bulletin .
The precise time and range of Antarctic ozone hole occurrences are determined by regional meteorological variations .
During the southern hemisphere winter , the atmospheric mass above the Antarctic continent is kept cut off from exchanges with mid-latitude air by prevailing winds known as the polar vortex .
This leads to very low temperatures , and in the cold and continuous darkness of this season , polar stratospheric clouds are formed that contain chlorine .
The stratospheric ozone layer that protects life on Earth from harmful ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation is vulnerable to the presence of certain chemicals in the atmosphere such as chlorine , originating from man-made pollutants like chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) .
ESA 's Envisat environmental satellite Now banned under the Montreal Protocol , CFCs were once widely used in aerosol cans and refrigerators .
CFCs themselves are inert , but ultraviolet radiation high in the atmosphere breaks them down into their constituent parts , which can be highly reactive with ozone .
As the polar spring arrives , the combination of returning sunlight and the presence of polar stratospheric clouds leads to splitting of chlorine into highly ozone - reactive radicals that break ozone down into individual oxygen molecules .
A single molecule of chlorine has the potential to break down thousands of molecules of ozone .
The PROMOTE atmospheric ozone forecast seen here has atmospheric ozone measured in Dobson Units ( DUs ) , which stands for the total thickness of ozone in a given vertical column if it were concentrated into a single slab at standard temperature and atmospheric pressure – 400 DUs is equivalent to a thickness of four millimetres , for example .
Developing out of the successful precursor Tropospheric Emission Monitoring Information Service ( TEMIS ) , PROMOTE is a portfolio of information services covering the atmosphere part of the Earth System , operating as part of ESA 's initial Services Element of Global Monitoring for Environment and Security ( GMES ) .
This is a joint initiative between ESA and the European Commission to combine all available ground - and space - based information sources and develop a global environmental monitoring capability for Europe .
... until it is either proven or disproven .
Now , I know that there will be a segment of the readership that will automatically discount this considering the source , but keep in mind that this very topic has been discussed on the comment threads here and elsewhere .
I will also point out that this same site predicted ( correctly ) Rumsfeld 's resignation .
So with that in mind , consider the following ...
Comedy Central Insider :
The CC Insider / InDecider has just heard more rumors ( see earlier posts ) from a SECOND reliable source that Dick Cheney will be stepping down as Vice President and will be replaced as Vice President by Condoleezza Rice .
And now we 're hearing that she would like to be on the ticket as the GOP VP candidate in '08 .
According to our rumor - meister , John Negroponte will be filling Condi 's current position as Secretary of State .
Negroponte is currently the Director of National Intelligence ( the first person ever to hold the few - years - old position ) and the former US Ambassador to Iraq .
Laugh now , but remember where you heard it first .
Setting one ’s clock ahead by 15 minutes is a useful trick for procrastinators .
I do this myself with my alarm clock , not that it ever does me any good , in the hopes of being a little bit earlier out of bed .
This comment by “ Vadi ” in Academic Procrastination gave me pause :
If this advancing clock can be done for dates it will be great .
Perhaps you have a Calendar that is a day in advance ?
But somehow that idea still looks far fetched .
Any good suggestions ?
That does seem far fetched , but I got to thinking about why the “ set your clock ahead ” trick works .
I think it presumes the following :
You have a terrible sense of time , or are obsessed by last - minute details , either of which cause you to be late .
You actually do care being on time , but your friends have started keeping a separate timetable just for you thanks to your legendary unreliability .
Enough awful things have happened because of lateness that you ’ve resorted to pre-emptively tricking yourself by advancing the time on all your watches and clocks .
Now , the problem is that you know that I know you know you ’ve already set your clock ahead , so you cleverly take this into account and end up being even later .
It ’s a vicious circle .
What we need is a way to channel fear and anxiety positively , while keeping you from getting too comfortable with your clock .
Enter the Procrastinator ’s Clock .
It ’s guaranteed to be up to 15 minutes fast .
However , it also speeds up and slows down in an unpredictable manner so you ca n’t be sure how fast it really is .
Furthermore , the clock is guaranteed to not be slow , assuming your computer clock is sync’d with NTP ; many computers running Windows and Mac OS X with persistent Internet connections already are .
So why go through all this trouble to make a clock that ’s sometimes fast and sometimes not ?
FEAR , UNCERTAINTY and DOUBT , my friends !
If you use this clock to keep appointments and deadlines , and you really care about being on time , you have to assume that the clock might actually be telling the correct time though it ’s likely to actually be up to 15 minutes fast .
Yikes !
All that anxiety should give you a good kick in the pants to get moving , because you ca n’t really trust the clock to be anything but on time , even though it probably is fast .
Get all that ?
Click here to try it out .
It will open up into a small window .
I offer this clock in the spirit of Chindogu , the Japanese art of creating almost useless objects .
Technically , the clock maintains a “ time buffer ” of “ fastness ” measured in milliseconds .
This buffer is modified every second by a certain amount , either adding or subtracting a number of milliseconds .
Every once in a while , the delta value changes and the rate of change may increase or decrease .
The time buffer is added to the actual time before the display calculations are made .
The whole point of all this is to keep ya guessing as to what the real time is .
The clock should be , on average , about 7 minutes fast , but betting on the law of averages in the short term is a good way to screw yourself .
So just assume the clock might be on time , but accept it ’s probably fast .
Since you do n’t know if it ’s fast by just a few seconds or several minutes , it ’s safer to assume the clock really is telling the right time , which is just what you should be thinking :-)
Incidentally , there ’s a Procrastinator ’s Watch that weights the minutes instead , which is genius .
However , it ’s far too reliable and therefore relatively easy to “ game ” by clever procrastinators .
To be useful , we really do need a clock that ’s reliably unreliable and predictably unpredictable to keep them guessing — and motivated — in the right way .
There are now three versions :
Enjoy ! ;-)
If you liked this , you might find Regift Receipts , Chain Letter Breaking Certificates , Social Yardsticks and Gauntlets of Productivity interesting too .
For more serious tools , check out the Printable CEO Series .
UPDATE : For those of you asking for physical versions , I ’ve been made aware of a patent already covering the same idea .
The language of choice for large , high - performance applications in Linux is almost always C , or somewhat less often C++.
Both are powerful languages that allow you to create high - performance natively compiled programs .
However , they are not languages that lend themselves to runtime flexibility .
Once a C/ C++ application is compiled , its code is pretty much static .
At times , that can be a real hindrance .
For example , if you want to allow users of a program to create plugins easily that extend the application 's functionality , you have to deal with complex dynamic linking issues that can cause no end of headaches .
Additionally , your users will have to know C/C++ in order to extend the application , which severely limits the number of people capable of writing extensions .
A much better solution is to provide your users with a scripting language they can use to extend your application .
With a scripting language , you will tend to have much more runtime flexibility , as well as shorter development times and a lower learning curve that will extend the base of users capable of creating extensions .
Unfortunately , creating a scripting language is very much a nontrivial task that easily could become a major portion of your program .
Fortunately , you do n't need to create a scripting language .
With Python , you can embed the interpreter directly into your application and expose the full power and flexibility of Python without adding very much code at all to your application .
Including Python in an Application Including the Python interpreter in your program is extremely simple .
Python provides a single header file for including all of the definitions you need when embedding the interpreter into your application , aptly named Python .h .
This contains a lot of stuff , including several of the standard headers .
For compiling efficiency , it might be nice if you could include only those parts of the interface that you actually intend to use , but unfortunately Python does n't really give you that option .
If you take a look at the Python.h file , you 'll see that it defines several important macros and includes a number of common headers that are required by the individual components included later in the file .
To link your application to the Python interpreter at compile time , you should run the python - config program to get a list of the linking options that should be passed to the compiler .
On my system , those are : - lpython2.3 -lm -L/usr/lib/python2.3/config
A Very Simple Embedded App
So , how much code does it take to run the Python interpreter from a C app ?
As it turns out , very little .
In fact , if you look at Listing 1 , you 'll see that it can be done in as little as three lines of code , which initialize the interpreter , send it a string of Python code to execute and then shut the interpreter back down .
Listing 1 . Embedding Python in Three Lines void exec_pycode ( const char* code ) { Py_Initialize ( ) ; PyRun_SimpleString ( code ) ; Py_Finalize ( ) ; } Or , you could embed an interactive Python terminal in your program by calling Py_Main ( ) instead , as in Listing 2 .
This brings up the interpreter just as if you 'd run Python directly from the command line .
Control is returned to your application after the user exits from the interpreter shell .
Listing 2 . Embedding an Interactive Python void exec_interactive_interpreter ( int arg , char ** argv ) { Py_Initialize ( ) ; Py_Main ( argc , argv ) ; Py_Finalize ( ) ; }
The Python Environment Embedding the interpreter in three lines of code is easy enough , but let 's face it , just executing arbitrary strings of Python code inside a program is neither interesting nor all that useful .
Fortunately , it 's also far from the extent of what Python allows .
Before I get too deep into what it can do though , let 's take a look at initializing the environment that Python executes within .
When you run the Python interpreter , the main environment context is stored in the __main__ module 's namespace dictionary .
All functions , classes and variables that are defined globally can be found in this dictionary .
When running Python interactively or on a script file , you rarely need to care about this global namespace .
However , when running the embedded interpreter , you 'll often need to access this dictionary to get references to functions or classes in order to call or construct them .
You also may find that you occasionally want to copy the global dictionary so that different bits of code can be run in distinct environments .
For instance , you might want to create a new environment for each plugin that you load .
To get at the __main__ module 's dictionary , you first need to get a reference to the module .
You can do this by calling the PyImport_AddModule ( ) function , which looks up the module name you supply and returns a PyObject pointer to that object .
Why a PyObject ?
All Python data types derive from PyObject , which makes it a handy lowest - common denominator .
Therefore , almost all of the functions that you 'll deal with when interacting with the Python interpreter will take or return pointers to PyObjects rather than another more specific Python data type .
Once you have the __main__ module referenced by a PyObject , you can use the PyModule_GetDict ( ) function to get a reference to the main module 's dictionary , which again is returned as a PyObject pointer .
You can then pass the dictionary reference when you execute other Python commands .
For example , Listing 3 shows how you could duplicate the global environment and execute two different Python files in separate environments .
Listing 3 . Making a Copy of the Environment //
Get a reference to the main module .
PyObject * main_module = PyImport_AddModule ( " __main__ " ) ; //
Get the main module 's dictionary // and make a copy of it .
PyObject * main_dict = PyModule_GetDict( main_module ) ; PyObject * main_dict_copy = PyDict_Copy ( main_dict ) ; //
Execute two different files of // Python code in separate environments FILE * file_1 = fopen ( " file1.py " , " r " ) ; PyRun_File ( file_1 , " file1.py " , Py_file_input , main_dict , main_dict ) ; FILE * file _2 = fopen ( " file2.py " , " r " ) ; PyRun_File ( file_2 , " file2.py " , Py_file_input , main_dict_copy , main_dict_copy ) ; I 'll get into the details of how PyRun_File ( ) works in a little bit , but if you look carefully at Listing 3 , you should notice something interesting .
When I call PyRun_File ( ) to execute the files , the dictionary gets passed in twice .
The reason for this is that Python code actually has two environmental contexts when it is executed .
The first is the global context , which I 've already talked about .
The second context is the local context , which contains any locally defined variables or functions .
In this case , those are the same , because the code being executed is top - level code .
On the other hand , if you were to execute a function dynamically using multiple C - level calls , you might want to create a local context and use that instead of the global dictionary .
For the most part though , it 's generally safe to pass the global environment for both the global and local parameters .
Manipulating Python Data Structures in C/C++
At this point , I 'm sure you 've noticed the Py_DECREF ( ) calls that popped up in the Listing 3 example .
Those fun little guys are there for memory management purposes .
Inside the interpreter , Python handles memory management automatically by keeping track of all references to memory transparent to the programmer .
As soon as it determines that all references to a given chunk of memory have been released , it deallocates the no-longer needed chunk .
This can be a problem when you start working on the C side though .
Because C is not a memory - managed language , as soon as a Python data structure ends up referenced from C , all ability to track the references automatically is lost to Python .
The C application can make as many copies of the reference that it wants , and hold on to it indefinitely without Python knowing anything about it .
The solution is to have C code that gets a reference to a Python object handle all of the reference counting manually .
Generally , when a Python call hands an object out to a C program , it increments the reference count by one .
The C code can then do what it likes with the object without worrying that it will be deleted out from under it .
Then when the C program is done with the object , it is responsible for releasing its reference by making a call to Py_DECREF ( ) .
It 's important , though , to remember when you copy a pointer within your C program that may outlast the pointer from which you 're copying , you need to increment the reference count manually , by calling Py_INCREF ( ) .
For example , if you make a copy of a PyObject pointer to store inside an array , you 'll probably want to call Py_INCREF ( ) to ensure that the pointed - to object wo n't get garbage - collected after the original PyObject reference is decremented .
Executing Code from a File Now let 's take a look at a slightly more useful example to see how Python can be embedded into a real program .
If you take a look at Listing 4 , you 'll see a small program that allows the user to specify short expressions on the command line .
The program then calculates the results of those expressions and displays them in the output .
To add a little spice to the mix , the program also lets users specify a file of Python code that will be loaded before the expressions are executed .
This way , the user can define functions that will be available to the command - line expressions .
Listing 4 . A Simple Expression Calculator #include < python2.3/Python.h > void process_expression ( char * filename , int num , char ** exp ) { FILE * exp_file ; // Initialize a global variable for // display of expression results PyRun_SimpleString ( " x = 0 " ) ; //
Open and execute the file of // functions to be made available // to user expressions exp_file = fopen ( filename , " r " ) ; PyRun_SimpleFile ( exp_file , exp ) ; // Iterate through the expressions // and execute them while ( num --) { PyRun_SimpleString (* exp ++ ) ; PyRun_SimpleString ( " print x " ) ; } } int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { Py_Initialize ( ) ; if ( argc != 3 ) { printf ( " Usage : %s FILENAME EXPRESSION +
" ) ; return 1 ; } process_expression ( argv [ 1 ] , argc - 1 , argv + 2 ) ; return 0 ; } Two basic Python API functions are used in this program , PyRun_SimpleString ( ) and PyRun_AnyFile ( ) .
You 've seen PyRun_SimpleString ( ) before .
All it does is execute the given Python expression in the global environment .
PyRun_SimpleFile( ) is similar to the PyRun_File ( ) function that I discussed earlier , but it runs things in the global environment by default .
Because everything is run in the global environment , the results of each executed expression or group of expressions will be available to those that are executed later .
Getting a Callable Function Object Now , let 's say that instead of having our expression calculator execute a list of expressions , you 'd rather have it load a function f( ) from the Python file and execute it a variable number of times to calculate an aggregate total , based on a number provided on the command line .
You could execute the function simply by running PyRun_SimpleString ( " f ( ) " ) , but that 's really not very efficient , as it requires the interpreter to parse and evaluate the string every time it 's called .
It would be much better if we could reference the function directly to call it .
If you recall , Python stores all globally defined functions in the global dictionary .
Therefore , if you can get a reference to the global dictionary , you can extract a reference to any of the defined functions .
Fortunately , the Python API provides functions for doing just that .
You can see it in use by taking a look at Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Using Callable Function References #include < python2.3/Python.h > void process_expression ( int num , char* func_name ) { FILE * exp_file ; PyObject * main_module , * global_dict , * expression ; // Initialize a global variable for // display of expression results PyRun_SimpleString ( " x = 0 " ) ; //
Open and execute the Python file exp_file = fopen ( exp , " r " ) ; PyRun_SimpleFile ( exp_file , exp ) ; //
Get a reference to the main module // and global dictionary main_module = PyImport_AddModule ( " __main__ " ) ; global_dict = PyModule_GetDict( main_module ) ; // Extract a reference to the function " func_name " // from the global dictionary expression = PyDict_GetItemString ( global_dict , func_name ) ; while ( num --) { //
Make a call to the function referenced // by " expression " PyObject_CallObject ( expression , NULL ) ; } PyRun_SimpleString ( " print x " ) ; }
To obtain the function reference , the program first gets a reference to the main module by “ importing ” it using the PyImport_AddModule ( " __main__ " ) function .
Once it has this reference to the main module , the program uses the PyModule_GetDict ( ) function to extract its dictionary .
From there , it 's simply a matter of calling PyDict_GetItemString ( global_dict , " f " ) to extract the function from the dictionary .
Now that the program has a reference to the function , it can call it using the PyObject_CallObect ( ) function .
As you can see , this takes a pointer to the function object to call .
Because the function itself already exists in the Python environment , it is already compiled .
That means when you perform the call , there is no parsing and little or no compilation overhead , which means the function can be executed quite quickly .
Passing Data in Function Calls
At this point , I 'm sure you 're starting to think , “ Gee whiz , this is great but it would be a whole lot better if I could actually pass some data to these functions I 'm calling . ”
Well , you need wonder no longer .
As it turns out , you can do exactly that .
One way is through the use of that mysterious NULL value that you saw being passed to PyObject_CallObject in Listing 5 .
I 'll talk about how that works in a bit , but first there is a much easier way to call functions with arguments that are in the form of C/C++ data types , PyObject_CallFunction ( ) .
Instead of requiring you to perform C - to - Python conversions , this handy function takes a format string and a variable number of arguments , much like the printf ( ) family of functions .
Looking back at our calculator program , let 's say you want to evaluate an expression over a range of noncontiguous values .
If the expression to evaluate is defined in a function provided by the loaded Python file , you can get a reference as normal and then iterate over the range .
For each value , simply call PyObject_CallFunction ( expression , " i " , num ) .
The “ i ” string tells Python that you will be passing an integer as the only argument .
If the function you were calling took two integers and a string instead , you could make the function call as PyObject_CallFunction ( expression , " iis " , num1 , num2 , string ) .
If the function has a return value , it will be passed to you in the return value of PyObject_CallFunction ( ) , as a PyObject pointer .
That 's the easiest way to pass arguments to a Python function , but it 's not actually the most flexible .
Think about it for a second .
What happens if you are dynamically choosing the function to call ?
The odds are that you 're going to want the flexibility to call a variety of functions that accept different numbers and types of arguments .
However , with PyObject_CallFunction ( ) , you have to choose the number and type of the arguments at compile time , which hardly fits with the spirit of flexibility inherent in embedding a scripting language .
The solution is to use PyObject_CallObject ( ) instead .
This function allows you to pass a single tuple of Python objects instead of the variable - length list of native C data items .
The downside here is that you will need to convert native C values to Python objects first , but what you lose in execution speed is made up for in flexibility .
Of course , before you can pass values to your function as a Python tuple , you 'll need to know how to create the tuple , which brings me to the next section .
Converting Between Python and C Data Types Python data structures are returned from and passed to the Python interpreter in the form of PyObjects .
To get to a specific type , you need to perform a cast to the correct type .
For instance , you can get to a PyIntObject pointer by casting a PyObject pointer .
If you do n't know for sure what the variable 's type is , though , blindly performing a cast could have disastrous results .
In such a case , you can call one of the many Check ( ) functions to see if an object is indeed of an appropriate type , such as the PyFloat_Check ( ) function that returns true if the object could indeed be cast to a float .
In other words , it returns true if the object is a float or a subtype of a float .
If you 'd rather know whether the object is exactly a float , not a subclass , you can use PyFloat_CheckExact ( ) .
The opaque PyObject structure is n't actually useful to a C program though .
In order to access Python data in your program , you 'll need to use a variety of conversion functions that will return a native C type .
For example , if you want to convert a PyObject to a long int , you can run PyInt_AsLong ( ) .
PyInt_AsLong is a safe function , and will perform a checked casting to PyIntObject before extracting the long int value .
If you know for sure that the value you 're converting is indeed an int , it may be wasteful to perform the extra checking — especially if it 's inside of a tight loop .
Often , Python functions ask for or return Python sequence objects , such as tuples or lists .
These objects do n't have directly corresponding types in C , but Python provides functions that allow you to build them from C data types .
As an example , let 's take a look at building a tuple since you 'll need to be able to do that to call a function using PyObject_CallObject ( ) .
The first step to creating a new tuple is to construct an empty tuple with PyTuple_New ( ) , which takes the length of the tuple and returns a PyObject pointer to a new tuple .
You can then use PyTuple_SetItem to set the values of the tuple items , passing each value as a PyObject pointer .
A news imbalance exists in the reporting of supply - side developments affecting peak oil claims .
Apparently , there is nothing but good news lately actually , this is being reported as the absence of bad news .
This trend has driven down oil prices since early August .
Is the trend real ?
Today , Barrie McKenna reminds us in Those quick to deride peak oil theory also do n't know Jack about the bigger picture .
Let 's look briefly at the forest , not the trees .
There 's plenty of bad news .
The problem in all this is that the peak oil theory is n't about $ 78 - a - barrel oil .
And the price of abundance is n't necessarily $ 63 .
With oil now in the low $ 60 range , many economists are rethinking their assumptions of last year ...
It 's that old adage of not seeing the forest for the trees ...
BP had originally scheduled startup for the end of 2005 and this latest slippage will make it harder for BP to hit production growth targets in the coming years .
The delay will also call BP 's skills at overseeing complex projects into question at a time when its management of Alaskan oil fields and pipelines is the subject of intense scrutiny .
BP said in a statement that tests carried out over the past four months revealed metallurgical failure in components of the subsea system and it now " plans to retrieve and rebuild all the sea - bed production equipment " from Thunder Horse .
BP 's Thunderhorse production is now delayed until 2008 .
Project slippage is nothing new .
However , " Thunder Horse has been . "
In 2007 , will we be told Thunderhorse will begin production in 2009 ?
In the year 2000 , the Kashagan discovery in Kazahkstan was announced .
Heralded as the largest reserves addition from a new field in 30 years , the operator consortium Agip KCO has pressed forward to get it onstream .
Fast forward to the fall of 2006 .
Eni's Kashagan oil field start may be delayed to 2010 .
The commercial production of the Kashagan oilfield , of which Eni SpA is the operator , could be delayed to 2010 , the daily Il Sole 24 ore reported citing Kazak energy minister Baktyjoka Izmukhambetov .
Production could be delayed from 2008 to 'end of 2009 , beginning of 2010 , ' the minister was quoted as saying .
The Kashagan field is one of the world 's largest oil fields , with estimated reserves of 45 bln barrels , of which between 8 - 13 bln barrels are currently considered recoverable .
In Confident Despite Delays from ( page 3 ) , we are told that " Agip KCO has not yet revealed exactly what has gone wrong at Kashagan . "
What is at stake ?
Skrebowski's 2006 Megaprojects Update lists Kashagan Phase 1 as providing 0.450 / mbpd in 2008 and an additional 0.450 + / mbpd coming onstream in 2009 from the phase 2 addition .
It is likely that no oil from Kashagan will flow until 2010 .
This prediction may be optimistic .
Could the delays at Kashagan be predicted ?
Absolutely .
These are deep , high - pressure reservoirs in the shallow North Caspian Sea .
" Temperatures can fall below - 20 °C in winter and a coating of ice , several metres thick , forms in this part of the Caspian Sea for many months of the year " ( from the Kashagan link above ) .
Finally , Kazahkstan 's leader Nursultan Nazarbayev , the Sultan of the Steppes , is playing each potential operator ( AGIG KCO , CNPC , KNOC , Petronas , ONGC ) off against the others , asking for exorbitant terms for E&P in Caspian Sea development blocks .
Everyone knows that new oil production is subject to long lead times , as Daniel Yergin is fond of telling us .
The meaning of the word " long " is a bit slippery in the Brave New World of oil E&P .
Between them , Kashagan and Thunderhorse , designed to produce 0.250 / mbpd , account for well over a million barrels per day of global supply that was supposed to be onstream by 2010 .
There 's more unsettling news .
Russia is trying to take over Sakhalin II .
Shell said it was continuing to work on Sakhalin , but admitted the removal of its environment permit might lead to more delays and further cost overruns .
The production challenges facing phase 2 of Sakhalin II ( 0.120 + / mbpd due onstream in 2007 ) are at least as daunting as those at Kashaganeven without the Russian political interference .
In Nigeria , Shell May Delay 480,000 BPD
Output due to continuing political violence .
To be sure , there are some success stories like Azerbaijan .
A closer look at others , like Angola , reveals a geopolitical accident waiting to happen .
Also look at the optimistically framed Angola wo n't go back to war .
Perhaps they wo n't .
Meanwhile , declines like those at Cantarell will continue no matter how many horizontal wells they drill .
As you read about all of the shorter term " good news " , remember that the perilous longer term supply - side trend reported here at The Oil Drum remains the same .
The current enthusiasm for dismissing peak oil concerns misses much of the big picture .
NYPD Scandal Muslim Cop Sues New York Over Anti-Muslim E- Mail
" Burning the hate - filled Koran should be viewed as a public service at the least . "
Hundreds of such e-mails were sent to police by a former CIA agent advising the NYPD on counterterrorism issues .
Now a Muslim undercover agent is filing a lawsuit .
Von Yassin Musharbash
He remembers a day in 2002 when the comedian Drew Carey visited a base in Saudi Arabia where he was working .
During a skit , Sergeant Murad recalled , Mr. Carey dropped to the ground to mimic the Muslim prayer .
As the troops roared with laughter , Sergeant Murad walked out .
“ I thought about my mom when she prays , how humble she is , ” he said .
Yet , day after day , Sergeant Murad sets out to sell other immigrants on the life he has lived .
He believes that Muslims need the military more than ever , he said :
At a time when many feel alienated , it offers them a path to assimilation , a way to become undeniably American .
It has proved , for him and others , the ultimate rite of passage .
“ It ’s almost like Superman wearing his cape , ” said Gunnery Sgt. Jamal Baadani , 42 , an Egyptian immigrant with the United States Marine Corps .
“ I ’ve got my uniform on , and you ca n’t take that away from me because I ’ve earned it . ”
Sergeant Murad has earned it , but with a price .
He has changed his name .
He has drifted from Islam .
He often finds himself at odds with the immigrants he is trying to enlist .
To many of them , he is a mystery .
He sees himself as a man of unavoidable contradictions : an American patriot and a loyal Kurd ; a champion of the military to outsiders , a survivor within its ranks .
Feeling Like an Outcast
The sergeant is six feet tall , but often stands shrunken , his hands politely clasped .
He has a long , distinguished nose and wears glasses that darken in the sun but never fully fade , lending him a distant aura .
He plies the streets of El Cajon in a rumbling , black Toyota Tacoma pickup .
In the back , he carries stacks of fliers advertising what the Army calls the “ 09 - Lima ” program .
A study last month in Nature showed that the decision is far from clear - cut .
Calling on experts to compare 42 competing entries , the journal counted an average of four errors per article in Wikipedia -- and three in Britannica .
That is not much of a difference , and a look at the details only adds to the anxiety .
A fact is surely a fact , but what constitutes an error can be as hard to pin down as a bead of mercury .
A high school student looking for information on Dmitri Mendeleyev ( also spelled Mendeleev ) , the Russian chemist renowned for the periodic table of the elements , would have learned from Wikipedia that he was the 14th child in his family instead of the 13th surviving child of 17 -- what Nature 's reviewer , Michael Gordin , a Princeton University science historian , said was one of 19 mistakes in the article .
But it would n't have helped to defer to the competition : Dr. Gordin gave Britannica a demerit for describing the chemist simply as the 17th child .
It is an imprecision one might easily commit .
Dr. Gordin was surprised when I told him , in an e-mail message , that his own book , " A Well - Ordered Thing : Dmitrii Mendeleev and the Shadow of the Periodic Table , " uses the same number .
" That 's curious , " he said .
" I believe that is a typographical error in my book .
Mendeleyev was the final child , that is certain , and the number the reliable sources have is 13 . "
These , he said , are in Russian , and they apparently were not consulted by " The Norton History of Chemistry , " by William H. Brock , which like Wikipedia says there were 14 children , or " The Development of Modern Chemistry , " in which Aaron J. Ihde goes with 17 .
In his book " Galileo 's Finger : The 10 Great Ideas of Science , " Peter Atkins , an Oxford University chemist , says that the number , " according to one 's source , " is 11 , 14 or 17 .
Wikipedia seems determined to try them all .
Scrolling through the various versions of its article -- more than 300 at last count extending back to July 5 , 2002 -- one can watch as the number oscillates between 14 and 17 , stopping briefly at 15 ( with the explanation from an anonymous editor that " a child was recentely [ sic ] discovered to exist " ) then to 16 before returning to 14 again .
I spent two decades slogging my guts out at work .
As my responsibilities grew - four kids and counting - so did my earning power .
I changed jobs , companies , even countries to further my career .
But as the years went by I became aware of an increasingly persistent voice in my head .
What 's it all for , Nige ?
Your life is slipping away .
I spent the last 10 of those 20 years having daydreams about giving up work .
Then in 2003 , I suddenly found myself downsized and living in Sydney .
We had left the UK when I was offered a job running the Australian office of a leading advertising agency , and then , a year later , the company closed .
I had just finished reading Manhood by Steve Biddulph , in which he argues every man should be forced to take his 40th year off .
His theory was that most men do n't have a life - they pretend to have one .
In reality they are lonely , emotionally timid , and miserably , compulsively competitive .
One of the main reasons they never get out of this tragic state is that they are enslaved by jobs that lead them to put their lives on hold until retirement .
Thus , as Biddulph puts it : " Our marriages fail , our kids hate us , we die of stress and on the way , we destroy the world . "
His year - off notion struck a chord .
And with the closure of my firm , it seemed a good time for a pause for reflection and a change of direction .
Kate and I had been married for 10 years .
Along the way , she had given me four gorgeous children .
Alex , Harry , and our three - year - old twins , Grace and Eve created a tidal wave of loving welcome every time I came home after work .
Increasingly , I was responding to this barrage of love with a grunt .
Work had become far too dominant in my life ; I had become a bit player in my family - leaving in the morning before they got up and arriving home after they were in bed .
Sometimes I was so spent I would stay in the car listening to the radio rather than going inside .
Perhaps a year off was precisely what I , and my family , needed .
I clearly needed a proper discussion with Kate before doing anything rash , so we went out for dinner .
" I want to take a year off , " I started .
" To do what ? "
" Do n't know .
Nothing .
Not put a tie on .
Get to know my kids properly . "
" But how would we earn money ? " Kate asked .
" We would n't , " I replied .
" Then how would we live ? "
" Off the redundancy payment . "
" How long would that last ? "
" If we were sensible , it could last for a year , " I replied .
" We 'd have to move to a smaller house .
And sell the Subaru .
And the nanny would have to go . "
" And what would happen at the end of the year ?
" We 'd be fucked .
All our savings would be gone .
I 'd be a forgotten , 40 - year - old advertising executive who had n't worked for a year .
Unemployable . "
" So I get twice the husband , half the income and at the end of the year we 'll both have to work in Woolworths ? "
" Basically . "
Kate thought for a minute .
" If we do this , will you be less of an arsehole ? "
The first day of my freedom did n't feel momentous .
I began by signing up for school canteen duty .
It was a thrill how delighted my sons were to see me behind the lunch counter .
" Hi Dad , ham pizza , " said Alex .
" Did you know , in Indonesia , rather than using the word ' very ' before a word they just repeat the word .
Banana milk please .
So you would be ' fat fat ' not ' very fat ' .
Cool is n't it . "
Parenting wise , over - ambition and general ignorance quickly proved my undoing .
I found I did n't know what to do in the simplest of situations .
It is one thing being asked to " dress the girls " , but quite another knowing what they should wear and where those clothes actually were .
A few weeks into my new life , I was shagged .
Completely drained in a way that work never affected me .
Work pressure energised me ; the relentless domestic grind took my life force , crushed it .
Nothing a good night 's sleep would n't sort , I initially thought , but with four kids under nine , the number of nights when none of them woke up for some reason was currently running at 1:4 .
Far from having time on my hands , it was a struggle to cut out the space to do anything other than wipe arses or read Pingu .
But as I got further and further away from my office - slave routine , I started to gain glimpses of how a family could exist happily as one .
The relentless grind got steadily less exhausting ; the school run gradually ceased to be hell .
I found I could get enormous amounts of joy out of the simplest of things :
Harry standing next to me in the mornings , mimicking me shaving ; the girls lying either side of me when I was doing sit-ups and raising their arms and legs shouting , " Look at us Mummy , we 're exercising " ;
Alex and I sitting on the same armchair watching The Simpsons - him making unflattering comparisons between Homer and me .
I - and the family - really , genuinely changed .
When Eve drew all over my sketchbook I did n't lose my temper .
When Harry took to creeping out of his bunk bed in the middle of the night and sleeping under our bed , rather than shouting at the little lad , I lay down on the floor next to him and asked him why he did it .
" Because I do n't like rectangles , Daddy " was his reply .
It was n't just the family routine that I was increasingly happy with - I was also starting to get on top of my personal game .
For the first time since I was 19 , I was at my ideal weight .
It had n't been easy , but I had stumbled on a workable weight loss regime and I loved how it made me feel .
I 'd kicked the booze ; I was swimming seriously and I was running again .
It had taken nine months , but I had found - or created - a set of circumstances I had no desire to change .
Then disaster struck .
I was offered a job .
Much as I was loving time off work , I knew I would have to start earning again soon .
The question was , could I go back to work and retain the changed parts of my life and the attitude that I had come to value deeply ?
With trepidation , I went back to the hamster wheel .
And all too soon I was bringing my work home .
I started to shout at the kids again .
One morning , during my second week back , I managed to make all four of them cry before Kate woke up - a bizarre achievement for someone who was supposed to have changed his outlook on life in general and family in particular .
A whole generation of women has long since realised that the " you can have it all " dream was just that - a dream .
This is a lesson that seems to have been lost on men , though there are signs that a more honest debate is beginning .
The business magazine Fast Company led with a front - cover splash " Balance is bunk ! " in its October 2004 issue , with an article inside calling the idea of work / life balance fatally flawed .
" It is an unattainable pipe dream , a vain artifice that offers mostly rhetorical solutions to problems of logistics and economics .
The quest for balance between work and life , as we 've come to think of it , is n't just a losing proposition ; it 's a hurtful , destructive one . "
The debate has also got to be honest on an individual level .
I have a confession - looking after four young children is n't always as rewarding as performing well in a business meeting .
It is sometimes fantastic to be able to leave the domestic chores behind and go on a business trip .
I do get a large part of my identity from my role at work .
I 'm competitive and find winning a thrill - not at all costs , but I am prepared to make personal sacrifices to achieve commercial victory .
So am I recommending all men just give up trying to lead more balanced lives ?
No , I 'm not recommending anything .
I have n't got any answers .
But I do look at things differently now .
I have stopped looking for perfection .
Life is hard .
Most of us will have to struggle , whatever choices we make .
Admitting this to myself was liberating .
I started to put my focus on trying to enjoy the struggle rather than attempting to create a mythical stress - free nirvana .
I started to praise myself for the small victories rather than beat myself up for the bigger failure of not having a perfect life .
Now , every time one of the kids does or says something gorgeous , instead of descending into a pit of despair because I 'm missing all the other gorgeous moments , I count myself lucky that I was present for that one .
I 'm grateful for every time I manage to drive the kids to school rather than resentful for those times that I can't .
I , of course , continue to be a deeply flawed executive , father and husband , but my year off started me on a personal journey .
I 'm still sober ; I 'm trim - no six pack yet , but definitely still trim ; and the bond with my children has been permanently improved .
I may be struggling being back at work , but I 'm happy .
I 'm happy with the year off and I 'm happy with the year ahead .
Struggle and all .
Fat , Forty and Fired by Nigel Marsh is published on 8 June by Piatkus Books .
To order a copy for £ 7.99 with free UK p&p go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0870 836 0875 .
© Nigel Marsh 2006
NASA has completed a swathe of modifications to the Space Shuttle Endeavour to bring the craft up to the new safety standards required by the Return to Flight recommendations .
The shuttle was powered up at the Kennedy Space Center , yesterday , for the first time in two years .
Endeavour was commissioned in the aftermath of the Challenger disaster , and was completed in 1991 .
Getting it to meet the new standards has not been a small task .
In total , engineers and technicians have spent 900,000 hours making 124 modifications , NASA says , including all the return to flight requirements , securing more than 1,000 thermal insulation tiles , and checking over 150 miles of wiring .
" Having three operational vehicles in the fleet affords the shuttle program great schedule flexibility as we move toward flying safely and completing the international space station , " said Wayne Hale , the space shuttle program manager .
Despite the reports of cheering from engineers when the power was switched on , the job is not finished yet .
Of the 124 modifications , only 85 are fully finished , so work will continue for another few months .
The shuttle boasts some nifty improvements , though .
For instance , it now has a new electronic display system , known as a " glass cockpit " , bringing it into line with the rest of the fleet .
It also has a new three string GPS which will allow it to make emergency landings at any airport with a long enough runway .
The old system restricted it to military air bases .
Engineers will now begin a 12 - month period of launch processing and power - up testing ahead of a possible flight in late 2006 . ®
ショールズは、自分の作りたてのタイプライターでは、キーを素早く叩くと、キーの動きを印字に伝える金属棒(タイプバー)がからまってしまうことに気づいた。何とかタイプバーがからまないような工夫はないものか？
そこでショールズは、キーの配列を変え、続けて打たれるようなキーがキーボード上に離れてあるよう配列し直した。その結果、キーを叩くスピードは遅くなったが、タイプバーはからまないようになった。その配列こそが、現在の標準配列として生き残ることになったQWERTYの配列だったのである。
アルファベット2文字の組み合わせのうち、英語では「th」を続けて打つことが最も多いのだが、この2字はQWERTY配列では非常に近接して並べられている。その次が「er」+「re」だが、これもQWERTY配列においては近接している。キーボード上で離れてなどいない。
また 、Christopher Latham Sholesが創ったupstrike式 の「 Type - Writer」は、20世紀以降主流となるfrontstrike式のタイプライターとは印字機構が全く異なっていて、印字棒がからむこと自体起こりにくい。たとえ印字棒がからんだとしても、Sholesの「 Type-Writer」においては、キー配列と印字棒の配置との間に自由度があるため、印字棒の配置だけを変えることができる。実際、Sholesの試作品( 1872年)と市販品( 1873年)との間では、キー配列にはそう大きな違いはない(ここの第1図と第2図aを参照)のに、印字棒の配置は全く異なっている(ここのU.S.Patent No.182511とNo.207559を参照 ) 。「印字棒がからむからキー配列を変えた」などというのは、根も葉もないデタラメだ。
六連星にもコメントしたが 、August Dvorak は 「 QWERTY 配列に対する誤解」の普及にマンマと成功した、ということなのだろう。なお、QWERTY配列がどう成立したかについては、私の仮説をQWERTY直前のキー配列に記したので参照されたい。
When I set out to design a website , I do it backwards .
I start with the design of the smallest , deepest element : the story page or search results .
Then I work backwards to design their containers : section pages , indexes .
Then , lastly , I work on the home page .
Article Continues Below
I do this because each container needs to adequately set expectations for what it contains .
If the home page says one thing , but the internal pages say another , that ’s going to lead to a user - experience failure .
This also means that , by the time work begins on the home page , there ’s a lot of momentum going already .
And any lingering anxiety is going to come to a head — on the home page .
Home pages are anxiety - inducing for companies .
The home page is your first impression .
And like the old saying goes , you only get one chance .
So home pages themselves have a unique set of design goals .
Before I get into those goals , here ’s a grain of salt .
Every site I ’ve ever worked on has had strikingly similar traffic trends , and one stands out .
Remember that smallest , deepest element I described earlier ?
This is the atomic element — for a news site , it ’s the story page ; for a search engine , it ’s the search result ; for a store , it ’s a product page .
This page accounts for 60 to 75 percent of all page views on the site .
The rest belong to the home page .
This is not to say that the home page is unimportant — it ’s hugely important as a first impression .
But looking at the numbers , you ’ll get far more bang out of tweaks to the atomic element pages than the home page .
That said , let ’s look at the unique challenges that home pages present .
Remember , when I say home page , I mean the page that lives at whatever.com .
The first page a user sees when they show up at your front door .
Any home page has four main goals , in this order :
Goal 1 : Answer the question , “ What is this place ? ” #section2
This is , and always will be , the number - one job of any home page .
If you ignore this goal , you ’ll leave new visitors in the dark .
The first thing a new visitor does when they get to an unfamiliar site is ask that question .
If the site does not do a good job of answering it within a few seconds , the user will feel dumb , leave , and never come back .
After all , what would you do if you met someone and they made you feel like an idiot ?
Would you want to hang out with them again ?
This is all about making a good first impression .
Do n’t be afraid to use good old fashioned text to say : “ This is who we are , and this is what we ’re about . ”
Then link to a more verbose about page or tour .
That way , the people who need that help have a place to go to find it .
And make sure the text you use is excited and positive — and makes the reader feel important .
Do n’t be too wordy , of course .
Make sure all the words you use are doing heavy lifting .
But the explanation has to begin at the top of page one — it ’s the most important thing you can do to turn newbies into repeat visitors .
This is especially important for companies trying to do new things .
Google can get away with a user - hostile front page because everybody already knows how to use it .
But that ’s the exception to the rule .
If you ’re doing something new , sometimes you just have to explain it in plain language , like : Flock is a free , open source web browser .
If a first time visitor to your site ’s home page does not understand what it is within three seconds , you ’ve failed goal number one , so feel free to skip the rest .
The only people who will use the site are the people who already know what it does .
Or , ya know , masochists .
Goal 2 : Do n’t get in the repeat visitor ’s way #section3
All that said , the second goal is to get out of the way of the users who already know what they ’re doing .
These are the users like you , the ones who have been here before and already get it .
One great technique that accomplishes the first two goals in one fell swoop is to make one area of the page dynamic .
That area can show an explanation to newbies .
But once the user is logged in , replace the explanation with some information specific to that user ( which also meets goal three ) .
Flickr takes this method to an extreme , providing entirely different home pages if the user is logged in or logged out .
For them , this is a perfect method .
The site is so customized for logged in members , and the service is just different enough from other sites , it makes perfect sense to provide an entirely different experience to each group , and it perfectly meets goals one and two .
Goal 3 : Show what ’s new #section4
By the time you get to goal three , you ’ve already addressed the needs of newbies and repeat visitors .
Congrats , now everybody ’s on the same page !
Now it ’s time to impress them all with what ’s new .
Too many sites stop after addressing goals one and two .
But once a user ’s gone through the trouble of figuring out what you do , and then actually coming back , you owe them something : what ’s new .
You know your site better than they do , so be their tour guide .
Suggest places to visit , starting with whatever ’s new .
Blogs are especially good for this , with their newest - comes - first formatting .
Goal 4 : Provide consistent , reliable global navigation #section5
This is a site - wide goal , but it ’s important to list here because the expectations you set on the home page will carry forward to every page on your site .
It ’s the little things that count here .
If a link is in the global navigation on the home page , it should be in about the same place everywhere .
If there are six links in the footer , those six links should appear in every footer .
Bottom line #section6
Designing for good user experience is about communicating clearly , setting expectations early , and then delivering what you ’ve promised .
Think of your home page as the opening verse of a song .
All you have to do is make sure you stay in tune throughout the user ’s entire listening experience .
( FSB Magazine ) -- Buying a book could become as easy as buying a pack of gum .
After several years in development , the Espresso - a $ 50,000 vending machine with a conceivably infinite library - is nearly consumer - ready and will debut in ten to 25 libraries and bookstores in 2007 .
The New York Public Library is scheduled to receive its machine in February .
The company behind the Espresso is called On Demand Books , founded by legendary book editor Jason Epstein , 78 , and Dane Neller , 56 , but the technology was developed six years ago by Jeff Marsh , who is a technology advisor for New York City - based ODB ( ondemandbooks.com ) .
The machine can print , align , mill , glue and bind two books simultaneously in less than seven minutes , including full - color laminated covers .
It prints in any language and will even accommodate right - to - left texts by putting the spine on the right .
The upper page limit is 550 pages , though by tweaking the page thickness and type size , you could get a copy of War and Peace ( albeit tough to read ) if you wanted .
Neller says that future versions of the machine will accommodate longer works with fewer hassles .
Prices for the finished product will vary depending on locations , but the production cost is about a penny per page .
( At right , FSB 's interpretation . )
Some 2.5 million books are now available - about one million in English and no longer under copyright protection .
On Demand accesses the volumes through Google and the Open Content Alliance , among other sources .
Neller predicts that within about five years On Demand Books will be able to reproduce every volume ever printed .
Epstein says that the larger obstacles are consumer preference - the machine can't make you a latte - and convincing skeptics in the industry .
But some early adopters are already sold on the idea .
Niko Pfund , a publisher at Oxford University Press , says the evolution away from traditional bookstores is only natural .
" For hundreds of years the industry was unchanged , " Pfund says .
" Then audio came out .
Now it 's time for digital . "
Would you use a vending machine to buy books ?
Please send feedback or column ideas to fsb_mail@timeinc.com
-------------------------------
10 big ideas coming from small businesses in 2007
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
According to Akihabaranews , Samsung is now offering a high - density fuel cell storage system for its Q35 laptop .
The power system is contained in a large dock that the laptop sits on top of .
Samsung claims that the fuel cell offers an energy density of 650 Wh /L , which is about four times as much as competing offerings .
The total energy storage is an impressive 12,000 Wh , which depending on the laptop 's power settings and usage could theoretically power the laptop continuously for a whole month without the need for recharging .
Fuel cell laptop .
One of the big breakthroughs Samsung is touting for their new fuel cell system is a major reduction in noise level : the new unit is said to be no louder than conventional laptops .
While the docking station is somewhat bulky , it still qualifies as being portable , which is a claim that other fuel - cell solutions have not always lived up to .
Besides the advantage of much longer battery life , fuel cells have other advantages , such as near - instantaneous recharging time by simply adding more fuel .
Companies such as Casio were demonstrating laptop fuel cell prototypes as early as 2003 .
Some even predicted that devices as small as cell phones could use fuel cell batteries , but the technology has taken some time to become ready for consumer use .
As fuel cells become smaller , lighter , and more powerful , they may eventually take over from conventional batteries for all kinds of applications .
And the days of mobile computing users rushing to find power outlets may become a thing of the past .
A dedicated web host is one of the numerous hosting options available .
But the reason to select dedicated solution should be well ascertained beforehand .
Dedicated Web Hosting : Meaning
Dedicated , as the name suggests , is when the client has site hosting option with one server only .
The web host is responsible for maintenance and hardware issues and space is leased to the customer .
The customer has the liberty to install various apps and can have tons of traffic without downtime issues .
Dedicated web hosting also grants the client more choice , access and power as security is of no concern .
Dedicated Web Hosting : Features
Some advantages of choosing dedicated web hosting include :
Flexibility : User can use server for scores of needs for as long as it is within bandwidth , memory and hard drive limits .
Control :
As dedicated involves no sharing , the user has greater amount of control .
Root access is allowed which is not in case of shared hosting .
Features :
The hosting package provided by different hosts is a mix of distinct features .
Some provide minimum add - on services , some supply scripts , spam monitoring , cPanel and e-comerce solutions .
Stability :
As there is no resource sharing , there is no risk to worry about others ’ practices affecting the site .
Dedicated web hosting is significantly more expensive than shared hosting .
In order to take advantage of dedicated , one must have skill level for efficient use of resources .
Hiring technicians makes it an expensive solution .
It is profitable for website owners with popular sites .
Some hosts offer managed services for extra cost .
After determining particular needs , skill level and resources , best suited hosting should be selected .
Pros of Dedicated Web Hosting Servers
Faster connectivity and easy management of huge site traffic is the main advantage .
More storage is based on plan .
User has total control of server .
Sites hosted in dedicated servers are safer and hackers find it difficult to hack .
As dedicated servers are flexible , software and utilities of choice can be run on dedicated servers .
Cons of Dedicated Hosting Servers
Not all can afford to have dedicated hosting .
Sites with tons of traffic reap the benefits from this hosting .
Dedicated server will likely cost over $ 100 per month shared servers can be let out for under $ 10 per month .
For those with no knowledge about managing server , dedicated hosting may pose a problem .
Handling firewalls and maintenance is to be done by the user , unless opted for a managed server which usually costs extra .
Diagnosing problems are equally tricky along with finding solutions .
Conclusion
Shared hosting is far cheaper and easy to manage than a dedicated one .
Before taking up dedicated plan , regular and expected site traffic should be ascertained .
The amount of content , a few pages or a collection should be planned .
If various resource - intensive apps and processes are expected then shared hosting is not the right choices .
Dedicated server calls for remarkable set of technical know - how to run successfully , and even ascertaining what is needed from a managed server requires some technical knowledge .
Budget and capital disposal is to be considered .
The user should be acquainted with the requirement of power , control and freedom in respect to website hosting .
Web hosting services seem several similar - looking offerings .
Most of them include : disk space — preferably unlimited , unlimited monthly data transfers , sufficient RAM , e-commerce options and 24/7 customer service .
First - time web masters and small trading start with shared hosting before advancing to dedicated to ascertain business needs and resource requirements .
It 's a simple enough prospect : you 've got a second - hand silver Ford Galaxy Ghia automatic you want to offload , so where better to get rid of it than on eBay ?
Here 's the plan - set up auction , post nice pictures , include full details and wait for the bids to roll in .
Or rather , wait for the emails to roll in .
Hundreds of 'em , as every muppet and wag in the land jumps on the " bait the vendor " bandwagon .
That 's what happened to the seller of this fine automobile ...
... who was subjected to a barrage of queries and quips which might well have unhinged the mind of a lesser mortal .
The full transcript of his struggle to hold back the tide of insanity makes fine Friday afternoon reading .
Enjoy while thanking reader Steve Powell for the tip - off :
On 22 - Apr -06 at 13:49:33 BST , seller added the following information :
Ok for the person who came to test drive it and exclaimed " Oh it 's Silver - I do n't want a Silver one ! "
Yes it 's Silver .
Just so that there is no error here
The title says it 's Silver , the description confirms this and guess what ?
When you look at the photo's what do you see ?
Yup you got it .
It is indeed Silver .
I am so glad that you came to view it , thanks for brightening my day .
On 22 - Apr -06 at 13:58:42 BST , seller added the following information :
Hi ,
Had 4 or 5 people asking what the reserve is .... I ca n't see a reserve price on it ... can you ?
... er there is n't one .
This is selling all the way .
When the hammer falls the highest bidder wins regardless .
On 22 - Apr -06 at 14:45:39 BST , seller added the following information :
Ok a round up of the latest emails :
Sorry no swaps or trade - ins - I 'm not a garage !
Not even a very nice garden shed painted red that I have to dismantle myself , but thanks for the offer .
Being registered in 2000 makes it 6 years old ... I have never heard of a warranty this long so no it is not under warranty .
Yes it is road legal - it 's got an Mot !
Nope no tax
Yes it has a spare wheel .
( Have I landed on a different planet or something ? )
No faults that I know of beyond what 's in the description however that 's not a promise as I 'm not a mechanic and no there is no trial period .
Come and try it make your own mind up .
If you win you buy .
No I do n't think that I 'm your long lost husband George from Arbroath regardless of how sarcastic I appear to be .
It 's called humour where I 'm from .
Personally I think George did the right thing where ever he is .
The only finance is : you pay me I give you the car , I 'm not a bank !
I can't vouch for the other owners but no accidents that I am aware of .
Yes you can look at it but no you can't take it for a two day test drive .
( I am sure April 1st has gone ) .
Ha ha very funny , no it 's not made out of chocolate .
( Why me .
I get on a train / bus and I get the nutter .
I even land the nutty taxi drivers who have just had Paris Hilton in the cab ' honest ' - yeh right . ) .
Get a life and start bidding .
How do you place a bid ?... sorry if this is too complicated for you I tend to think that driving might just be a stretch too far .
No it 's not left hand drive and your holiday in france and the precise route sounds wonderful .
send me a postcard .
Arghhh
On 22 - Apr -06 at 19:45:14 BST , seller added the following information :
Ok I think I have become email capital of ebay ... a real magnet for wonderful questions :
All the seats are present and work , I know that you have counted them in the pictures and can only see 7 .
There is a very good reason for this ... it's a 7 seater .
No it 's never been raced ... sorry am I missing something here , Auto Galaxy racing ????
May be it'll be be a new class at Imola this year - Auto F1 MPV trials .
There are no rips or tears to the head lining
How the hell do I know if anyone has ever eaten in it .
I assume no four course meals but may be the odd hippo pastie .
Get a grip .
It 's not an off road vehicle so I assume it has n't been used as such ... this is an assumption mind you .
Oh I see , no dear , 7 seater includes the driver .
I can't speak for previous owners , I 'm not aware of animals being in it .
I suppose a previous owner could have been a zoo keeper or a werewolf .
Keep up the emails as there is nothing else I 'd rather be doing with my time .
have fun and happy bidding .
Is it a full moon tonight ?
On 22 - Apr -06 at 23:00:22 BST , seller added the following information :
Come on guys give it a rest it 's saturday night ... get a life ...
Why does it make any difference how many people are watching this ?
Just bid .
You might have a large family and can't afford very much , I am sorry on both accounts but I 'm not a charity .
Again no swaps , not even if your car is really nice .
I 'm glad that you are enjoying this Sheryl , watch telly or something , have n't you got a boy friend or something ?... no better still bid - now !
On 23 - Apr -06 at 12:00:55 BST , seller added the following information :
Sunday the day of rest ... yeah right ... more gems from ebay land ...
Thought this might interest you -
On one of my last auctions the guy who won it said that he had hooked himself up to a blood pressure monitor in the closing minutes of the bidding and his pressure went up to some ridiculous level .
I do wonder some people on the net at times .
Must get out more and interact with more carbon based life forms ( humanoid ) springs to mind .
The reason Jerry , that the gear stick is a funny shape is because it's an A U T O M A T I C gear box .
Which means that if you do come to look you will find that there is no clutch .
It 's not missing by the way they just do n't need three pedals .
Should be just perfect for some as it's just like a pedal car - only two pedals .
No it 's not like new , Fran , it 's 6 years old and done 67,000 + miles with kids .
The seats are all fine , except the drivers arm rest as mentioned before .
The exhaust appears to be fine .
Whilst we are on the subject of expelling waste gas ....
Ok guys enough for today .
I 'm off to do some things as I have a life .
More tomorrow no doubt .
CSS - based liquid layout has proven successful during the reign of 800 - pixel to 1024 - pixel screens , but as we use a wider range of devices to access the web , we need more powerful and flexible ways of managing layout .
If we want to serve devices whose viewports range from 240 pixels to about 1680 pixels — and with resolution ranging from 72 to 150 pixels per inch — we need a new method .
Article Continues Below
What ’s the problem with liquid layouts ?
#section2
If you create a liquid layout optimized for a maximum width of 1024 pixels — limiting maximum line - lengths for your text to maintain readability — gaps will appear on a wider screens , and your carefully balanced layout will break .
On a tiny - screened PDA , your text and images will be compressed into a crowded content sandwich .
No designer wants that .
If vector - based layouts were technically possible on a wide range of browsers , we could use a single generic layout that looked exactly the same on all screen sizes .
Since that ’s more fictional than feasible , we have to find another way .
So why do n’t we just define layout and appearance for a series of screen - width ranges , then find a way to match these layouts with the user ’s viewport size ?
Switchy McLayout to the rescue#section3
Switchy McLayout lets you define the dimensions , information richness , and appearance of your content objects for set ranges of screen sizes .
A news site , for example , could have one layout and appearance for wide screens , one for medium - sized screens , and another for PDAs .
Images could shrink or even disappear according to the screen size , columns could come and go as needed to maintain readability , and you can achieve a more efficient use of the available space for each screen size .
This example news page uses Switchy McLayout .
For purposes of demonstration , we ’ve defined seven screen - size ranges and given each range its own layout that makes effective use of the available space .
CSS used in examples is for demonstration only .
Figure 1 : The progressive states of a news item ’s appearance .
The page ’s degradable , unchanging markup for the page contains all the items shown in the “ extra wide ” layout .
As the viewport size diminishes , various kinds of content are changed .
It ’s like peeling an onion : every time the screen shinks , a layer is removed , until only the essential parts remain .
The ranges and corresponding appearance defined for this example are :
Range of defined transitions Device Screensize Layout PDA Vertical oriented < 240 px PDA Horizontal oriented 240-320 px Set top / TV 320-640 px Old CRT screen 640-800 px Common TFT screen 800 – 1024 px Wide screen 1024 – 1280 px Super - wide screen > 1280 px
Class switching #section4
Now that we ’ve defined a range of layouts , we have to detect the user ’s actual screen size and activate the appropriate group of styles .
We ’ll use a style - switching method that ’s dependent on the class of the body element .
JavaScript , our CSS assistant #section5
To monitor the user ’s actual screen size and switch classes on the body - element , we use a little unobtrusive JavaScript .
Through the onresize event of the window object , we obtain the windows / screen size .
A ternary operator selects the appropriate layout and class name , and this class is added through the DOM to the classes already residing on the body element .
When JavaScript is not available , the layout degrades to an “ old - school ” liquid layout .
Note that different browsers use different event models .
IE6 , for example , fires the onresize event in real - time , while Firefox only fires the onresize event at the end of the actual resizing .
Progressive content compression#section6
Our second example shows how Switchy McLayout can help us make more efficient use of available screen space on different devices .
In its raw form , the markup is a simple definition list with four items .
On wide screens , all items and headers will be shown as four columns in a row .
As available space decreases , the columns will be shown as two rows of two columns , then as a horizontal tabbed panel , then as a vertical tabbed panel , and finally as four rows in one column with a reduced font size .
Figure 2 : The various states of progressive content compression
Taking it further #section7
We ’ve used the screen size property as an input for class switching .
If you used other triggers to switch styles , you could check for screen height , presence of a scrollbar , font size , mouse position , color depth , and so on — and change your page ’s appearance accordingly .
In conclusion #section8
The growing number of popular screen sizes and resolutions will challenge web designers to deliver their content in an appealing way for a wide range of devices .
Switchy McLayout is a step toward a solution that meets this challenge .
Acknowledgments and alternatives #section9
While the technique presented above was developed independently , many related techniques have been introduced elsewhere .
Richard Rutter collects a series of such techniques at Clagnut , and Kevin Hale presents a technique that achieves a similar result using a slightly different method at Particletree .
Andy Clarke and James Edwards ’ pioneering “ Invasion of the Body Switchers ” helped popularize the use of body classes to alter layouts .
Tags
There seems to be two popular paths to wealth in the private sector today .
The first is tried and true method : you try to anticipate consumers ' needs , and then risk your capital trying to satisfy them .
Successful entrepreneurs anticipate and satisfy correctly , while the unsuccessful ones do n't .
The second is more nefarious .
With this method , you work in an industry that stands to make billions of dollars through contracts for infrastructure development with foreign governments .
Since these countries are often quite poor , the key to success is in getting World Bank and IMF loans into the coffers of these foreign governments , who will then spend them on your firm .
This method , shall we say , has its problems because , foreign governments often cannot repay the billions of dollars in debt that they incur to finance the project that your firm provides .
Another is that it is fueled by involuntary exchange , either on the part of US taxpayers whose incomes are conscripted in order to fund those World Bank and IMF loans , or on the part of citizens of the foreign governments , who become saddled with debts that they never signed on for .
This second method for amassing wealth is the focus of John Perkins 's fascinating , if problematic book , Confessions of an Economic Hit Man .
In it , Perkins describes his role as an economic consultant — an econometrician who would visit various developing countries to produce estimates of the economic effects of infrastructure projects that would be used to justify the international development loans that funded them .
Perkins called his job that of an economic hit man — the person who makes the initial case for the infrastructure development with such optimistic ( and purposely misleading ) biases that they become deals that can not be refused .
So if a US - based firm wants to provide electricity to Indonesia or to extract oil from Ecuador , the " economic hit men " ( EHMs ) are among the first to arrive and construct the case for the massive loans necessary to fund the projects .
According to Perkins , the EHMs are simply the first level of interaction with the foreign leaders , who often stand to benefit personally and politically if they go along with the deal that the EHMs offer them .
But occasionally they do n't go along , which often necessitates the intervention of " jackals " to remove non-cooperating leaders .
And if this does n't work , well , how many times have US military forces been deployed to non-threatening countries in the fringes of empire ?
What is fascinating about Confessions is the knowledge that there is much truth to the world Perkins describes .
Anyone who has observed the off - stage crusades of the rock singer Bono in recent years knows that there are many poor countries that have gotten into serious , burdensome debt — debt that no private financing operation would have allowed but that was found to be a worthy risk for the World Bank .
We know of companies that would be shells of their present selves were it not for their hounding of contracts funded by such loans , and that these companies provide lucrative incomes to politicians when they are out of office .
( In fact , such companies are an important part of the local economy where I live . )
We also know that bad things can happen to foreign leaders who refuse the deals offered by the EHMs .
Perkins volunteers Mossadegh in Iran , Roldós in Ecuador , Torrijos in Panama , and even Chávez in Venezuela as cases in which jackals were sent in to remove the noncompliant .
And when the jackals are not successful , the US military often follows , whether in Panama , Bosnia , Afghanistan , or Iraq , for example .
Or at least that is the gist of Perkins 's story , and any student of the modern warfare state , or of the causes of the costly blowback against the US government in recent years , must conclude that there is some element of truth to it .
This alone makes his book recommendable .
However , as I wrote earlier in this essay , Confessions is a problematic book as well .
While its basic thesis would appeal to libertarians and small - government conservatives troubled by a growing US empire that reduces freedom at home , Perkins 's biases are essentially left - liberal .
As a result , he often confuses ( what he calls ) the " corporatocracy " — the teaming of the feds and select private sector firms to advance political hegemony and economic rent — with capitalism itself .
Perkins 's primary problem is in assuming that all global capitalism is sinister in the sense described in his book .
Any creation of wealth that depends on coercion can hardly be considered market capitalism .
It truly is sinister when a US firm , funded indirectly by taxpayer dollars , forces indigenous people offs their land in South America because geological tests suggest that oil deposits there surpass those of the Middle East .
It is sinister because it violates the property rights of both the taxpayers who fund the politically well - connected firms and of the displaced peoples and cultures whose property rights are violated when they are removed from their land ( often with much suffering ) .
But Perkins 's anticapitalism really shows when he equates such activity with ( say ) the opening of a Nike plant a third world country .
No one dies , and no cultures are killed off , when a factory opens and workers living near it can voluntarily sell their labor for wages that ( economic theory tells us ) exceed their next - best opportunity for work .
In developing countries , a new Nike plant is a godsend , not only because it increases capital flows to a region , but because it means that families can become autonomous , or that daughters do not have to resort to prostitution to put food on the table .
In this sense , it is perverse to assume that a Wal - Mart in China or a McDonald 's in South Korea is analogous to a Bechtel in India or a Halliburton in Iraq .
Perkins 's biases also show when he assumes that the West stays rich because poor countries are kept poor .
This zero - sum thinking ignores those factors that cause wealth to become created in the first place .
The America of the Founding Fathers — whose anti-imperial instincts Perkins rightly lauds throughout Confessions — did n't depend on international development loans or the expansion of social welfare programs to fuel the industrial revolution , but on the protection of property rights , which then rewarded saving and attracted capital .
For that reason , it is no coincidence that poor countries that eschewed such loans and nurtured property rights institutions 20 years ago are those that are quickly joining the wealthy countries of today .
But since not all confessions are perfect , I recommend Confessions of an Economic Hit Man .
We live in an age when the federal state is deified , with its own liturgies , shrines , holy days , and leaders who are treated like an anointed class .
For someone to write a book that reminds us that it has become little more than a purveyor of global welfare and warfare is more than a little plucky , and deserves attention .
Finally I found some brilliant visualizations in this collection by a Parsons MFA grad ( warning : very graphic - intensive site ! ) .
Here is an example ( created by FAS.research ) which analyzed the ball movement in the World Cup final between Italy and France :
It is immediately clear which were the key players in the match .
If you saw the match , check your memory of what happened against what was plotted here .
Notice that every player was placed in his side of the pitch .
The chart did not use any data on where passes occurred , only who passed the ball to whom .
Such distortion is unavoidable in multi-dimensional charts , as the designer must choose some dimensions to display while hiding others .
SAN FRANCISCO / SPIDER SHIP ON THE BAY / El Cerrito firm unveils the Proteus , 'a new class of vessel '
The Proteus , a prototype Wave Adaptive Modular Vessel , during a test run on the bay in San Francisco , Calif. on Thursday , Jan. 18 , 2007 .
The WAM-V , designed and created by Ugo Conti , is 100 - feet long and is capable of crossing the ocean .
PAUL CHINN / The Chronicle ** Ugo Conti less The Proteus , a prototype Wave Adaptive Modular Vessel , during a test run on the bay in San Francisco , Calif . on Thursday , Jan. 18 , 2007 .
The WAM-V , designed and created by Ugo Conti , is 100 - feet long and is ... more Photo : PAUL CHINN Photo : PAUL CHINN Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close SAN FRANCISCO / SPIDER SHIP ON THE BAY / El Cerrito firm unveils the Proteus , ' a new class of vessel ' 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
The strangest vessel made its formal premiere Thursday on San Francisco Bay , and it was a sight to see :
It looked like a spider , wiggled over the waves like a porpoise , and was fast as the wind .
It is named the Proteus , after a Greek god of the sea , and is the first of what might be a long line of wave adaptive modular vessels -- WAM - V for short -- developed by Ugo Conti , an engineer and inventor .
Conti calls it " the prototype of a new class of vessel . "
Using technology developed by Conti's El Cerrito Marine Advanced Research Inc. , the WAM - V is " a new class of watercraft ... that delivers a radically new seagoing experience . "
It has twin hulls , like a catamaran , connected to each other and a control cabin by four metal legs .
The legs ride on titanium springs -- like shock absorbers -- that allow the WAM - V to adjust to the surface of the water -- to flex like knees .
It has many uses , Conti says .
" It can go many thousands of miles to deliver something . "
It can also enter shallow lagoons in faraway places , help scientists , would be useful in search and rescue operations , and even has some military applications .
The Proteus is 100 feet long , 50 feet between the outsides of the twin hulls , and is powered by two 355 horsepower Cummins marine diesels .
It displaces 12 tons fully loaded .
Fuel is stored in the flexible pontoons , and the vessel , Conti says , has a range of thousands of miles .
It can carry 2 tons of cargo , and can be operated by a crew of two .
The cabin , which sleeps four , can be lowered into the water -- " like a helicopter landing , " Conti said -- and sail off on its own .
Conti would not say how much the prototype had cost .
" We are still adding that up , " said Isabella Conti , the inventor 's wife and a vice president of Marine Advanced Research .
The couple would also not disclose the vessel 's speed , pending full sea trials .
" It can go faster than I can run , " said Dave Hitz , who said he has invested in the company .
Jim Jessie , a yachtsman who has been sailing San Francisco Bay for more than 65 years , has never seen anything like it .
" It 's different , " he said as he watched the Proteus slink over the wake of a passing boat , its hulls flexing .
" It wiggles like a porpoise or a whale , " he said .
That 's the whole point , said Conti .
Conventional boats cut through the waves .
The WAM - V slides over them .
" It is not fighting the waves , " he said .
The maiden voyage of the Proteus drew a crowd of perhaps 100 guests -- yacht fanciers , maritime people , a scientist or two , television crews , reporters , and even two Coast Guard officers , drawn , they said , by both interest and curiosity .
The crowd was taken out on the Sunset Hornblower , a luxurious cruise boat .
Champagne and a free lunch of salmon and crab legs was served , to the delight of the maritime press .
Conti , a wiry man with a gray Van Dyke beard , thinning hair and a pony tail , said the idea for the WAM - V technology had come to him gradually , over many years of sailing .
" I liked flexible boats , " he said , " so I decided to push it to the limit .
It is very much experimental .
" You have to be crazy and old to do this , " said Conti , who is 68 .
" When you are old , you can risk more .
You have nothing to lose . "
Not only did the American wind industry have a banner year , its seems that the world wide wind industry set a new record for growth and production in 2006 .
The usual suspects put up big numbers , like the US , Germany , and Spain .
But newcomers India and China moved into the top five and Brazil took off with an over 700 % increase in wind power production .
From here .
Wind energy continued its dynamic growth worldwide in the year 2006 .
14,900 MW were added in the past year summing up to a global installed capacity of 73,904MW by the end of December 2006 .
The added capacity equals a growth rate of 25 % , after 24 % in 2005 .
The currently installed wind power capacity generates more than 1 % of the global electricity consumption .
Based on the accelerated development , WWEA has increased its prediction for 2010 and expects now 160,000MW to be installed by the end of 2010 .
Five countries added more than 1,000MW : the United States of America ( 2,454MW ) , Germany ( 2,194MW ) , India ( 1,840 MW ) and Spain ( 1,587MW ) were able to secure their leading market positions and China ( 1,145 MW ) joint the group of the now top five markets and is now number five in terms of added capacity , showing a market growth of 91 % .
Five countries added more than 500MW and showed excellent growth rates : France ( 810 MW , 107 % growth ) , Canada ( 768 MW , 112 % ) , Portugal ( 628 MW , 61 % ) and the United Kingdom ( 610 MW , 45 % ) .
The most dynamic market in 2006 , Brazil , faced its long expected take off and added 208MW which equals a sevenfold increase of installed capacity within one year .
As impressive as these numbers are I think the important part to realize is that wind energy still only produces a little more than 1 % of global electricity .
That means that we could see growth in the industry like this for years if not decades before we reach a saturation of wind energy world wide .
V-Formation Flight of Birds
Why do birds fly in a V formation ?
I have been told that the bird in the front works the least because of upwash generated by the birds to his side .
Is this true ?
- question from William Brandsmeier
Snow geese flying in formation
Scientists who have studied formation flight believe that birds fly in this way for two reasons .
The first reason is that the shape of the formation reduces the drag force that each bird experiences compared to if it were flying alone .
This decrease in drag occurs thanks to the formation of wingtip vortices described in previous articles .
Creation of trailing vortices due to a difference in pressure above and below a lifting surface
These vortices are generally undesirable because they create a downwash that increases the induced drag on a wing in flight .
However , this downwash is also accompanied by an upwash that can be beneficial to a second wing flying behind and slightly above the first .
Regions of upwash and downwash created by trailing vortices
A bird flying in one of these upwash regions essentially gains free lift so that it can fly at a lower angle of attack .
As angle of attack is reduced , the induced drag is also lowered so that the bird does not need to flap its wings as hard or as often to generate the thrust needed for forward flight .
Flapping the wings less often means that the bird 's muscles do not work as hard and its heart rate drops .
As a result , the bird does not tire as quickly and is able to fly farther .
Researchers explored this theory by monitoring pelican heartbeats during flight .
Examination of the data showed that the heart rates of pelicans flying in formation were much lower than that of a bird flying alone .
Other studies have estimated that a flock of 25 birds in formation can fly as much as 70 % further than a solo bird using the same amount of energy .
Theoretical investigations further support these observations of birds in formation flight .
By spacing themselves apart properly , birds can achieve optimum positions that reduce the drag of every bird in the formation .
However , not all birds benefit equally .
Your speculation about the lead bird being in the best position is actually incorrect .
This bird has to work the hardest since it flies into undisturbed air .
The upwash that this bird creates improves the aerodynamics of the two behind it , and these two further improve conditions for the next two birds in line .
Reduction in induced drag for birds in formation
The majority of the benefit goes to the birds further aft , but the front bird does still gain some reduction in drag .
The presence of the two birds flanking the leader helps to dissipate the downwash off the lead bird 's wingtips and reduces the induced drag this bird experiences .
These two flanking birds also benefit from a similar reduction in drag if outboard birds flank them as well .
In other words , the birds in the middle of each of the lines forming the V are in the best position .
These birds benefit from the upwash off the lead birds as well as off the trailing birds .
This additional bonus means that birds in the middle experience less drag than either the lead bird or the bird at the end of each line .
An optimal V - formation
Even though the V formation benefits all of the birds , the bird in the lead position has to work the hardest .
When this bird tires , it will drop out of the lead position and fall further back into one of the lines of the V .
Another bird from further back will rapidly move forward to take the leading position and maintain the formation .
The two birds in the furthest trailing positions also tire more rapidly than those in the middle , so these positions are also rotated frequently to spread the most fatiguing locations throughout the flock .
This cyclical rearrangement gives all birds the responsibility of being the leader as well as a chance to enjoy the maximum benefits of being in the middle of the formation .
This sense of teamwork comes naturally since even the youngest members of the flock rapidly realize that it takes less work to fly in a V formation than it does to fly alone .
A second reason that may explain why birds fly in formation is that this orientation allows the birds to communicate more easily .
The V formation provides the birds with good visual contact of each other to keep the flock together .
This communication minimizes the possibility of losing birds along the way as the formation crosses vast distances during migration .
Although manned aircraft can also exploit the benefits of formation flight , it is difficult to do so since we still lag behind nature in the ability of our technology to " feel " the air and adapt to it for optimum performance .
Close formation flight among a group of aircraft is often difficult to maintain because of the turbulence created by the lead aircraft .
Perhaps one day we will be able to develop advanced technologies that make aircraft as sensitive to their surroundings as the body of a bird is today .
We may then be able to make better use of formation flight to improve the efficiency of flying vehicles .
Military aircraft flying in a V - formation
However , military planes do still operate in V formations , but they are typically spaced too far apart to enjoy the benefits of reduced drag .
These aircraft instead fly in formation primarily to maintain visibility of all the aircraft in the squadron in the same way that birds do .
- answer by Jeff Scott , 17 July 2005
Related Topics :
At least 30 were injured in the strike , which capped another day of violence in Lebanon in which more than 50 people died , including three Israeli soldiers .
As night fell , Israel declared a curfew in southern Lebanon , warning that all vehicles apart from humanitarian traffic would be at risk .
Ground forces continued to run into fierce resistance in southern Lebanon .
Hizbullah militants fired more than 100 rockets into northern Israel , wounding at least one .
But the Beirut attack was the day 's bloodiest episode .
Last night , local residents and rescue workers scrambled through the rubble and debris in the dark as the insides of an eight - storey building spilled out into a narrow street .
Water from a burst pipe in a building opposite sprayed out a fine mist across the wreckage .
Neighbouring residents , now stuck in teetering buildings , peered out of the back half of their sitting rooms as splintered furniture dangled out on the street below .
A women in her nightdress on the sixth floor tried to retrieve something on what was left of her balcony as a chunk of her front room crashed down on to the street .
An ambulance worker said he had counted 10 bodies so far .
At least two were children .
Lebanese officials said there were many reports of other casualties throughout southern Lebanon but rescue workers were not able to reach the sites because of continued Israeli airstrikes .
Israel also threatened to attack UN peacekeepers if they attempted to repair bomb - damaged bridges in southern Lebanon .
UN officials contacted the Israeli army to inform them that a team of Chinese military engineers attached to the UN force in Lebanon intended to repair the bridge on the Beirut to Tyre road to enable the transport of humanitarian supplies .
According to the UN , Israeli officials said the engineers would become a target if they attempted to repair the bridge .
Senior UN officials reacted angrily to the destruction of a temporary causeway over the Litani river overnight .
" We must be able to have movement throughout the country to deliver supplies .
At this point we can't do that , " said David Shearer , the humanitarian coordinator for Lebanon .
" The deliberate targeting of civilian infrastructure is a violation of international law . "
International aid groups have blamed Israel for not providing security guarantees , thereby paralysing the delivery of aid to the south .
Even when aid reaches
Tyre , convoys have to apply on a case by case basis for permission to take it out to the villages .
Most applications are refused .
A convoy run from Beirut to Tyre by Médecins sans Frontières yesterday was forced to stop at the ruins of the causeway .
Boxes of medicine were carried over a footbridge by hand and loaded up into separate vehicles on the other side .
Car passengers had to do the same , driving to the footbridge and waiting for transport on the other side .
Israel 's army warned residents in southern Lebanon to remain indoors after 10 pm yesterday and said anyone moving after that would be at risk .
" Anyone who does travel is taking a high risk .
There is no end period , " an Israeli military source said .
" This will allow us to track anyone potentially trying to launch rockets . "
The source said the restriction on movement applied anywhere south of the Litani river , which is roughly 13 miles from Israel 's northern border .
He did not specify how the warning had been delivered .
Israel also said it shot down a Hizbullah drone .
" We located it over Lebanon and tracked it over the Mediterranean where we shot it down .
Naval vessels picked up the debris for investigation , " an Israeli military spokesman said .
The Israeli army said it could not immediately say if it was carrying explosives .
Tyre was rocked yesterday by fresh Israeli airstrikes .
Four buildings on the northern outskirts were crushed in pinpoint strikes which left adjacent buildings standing .
The four destroyed buildings included the flat where the Israeli commandos had killed the two alleged Hizbullah leaders on Saturday .
The " Wow ! " Signal
By Barry Kawa
Jerry Ehman , the " Big Ear " volunteer who in 1977 saw one of the strongest signals ever detected , poses beside the radio telescope .
From the Cleveland Plain Dealer
Sunday Magazine section , September 18 , 1994
As he had done a thousand times , Jerry Ehman glanced over the Big Ear 's computer printouts , not really expecting to find anything unusual .
But what Ehman saw on that Aug. 15 , 1977 - and his startled reaction - would be recorded in radio astronomy textbooks and discussed by researchers to this day .
Click here for explanation of the code .
The Columbus man saw a signal so strong that it catapulted the Big Ear 's recording device off the chart .
An excited Ehman scribbled " Wow ! " on the printout , a tag that is indelibly linked to the recording .
" I mean , without thinking , I wrote ' Wow ! ' " Ehman recalls .
" It was the most significant thing we had seen . "
Could it be man 's first contact with extraterrestrial intelligence ?
Ohio State University researchers were n't sure .
They trained the massive scope on that part of the sky for the next month , and have returned periodically since .
The signal has n't been recorded again .
And although many point to it as a possible extraterrestrial intelligence sighting , Ehman remains less convinced .
" Even if it were intelligent beings sending a signal , they 'd do it far more than once , " Ehman , now 54 , says .
" We should have seen it again when we looked for it 50 times .
Something suggests it was an Earth - bound signal that simply got reflected off a piece of space debris . "
[ Note .
In actuality , the number of observations at that declination and nearby declinations totaled just over 100 . ]
Ehman was working as a volunteer then .
He had worked at OSU as an assistant professor in electrical engineering and astronomy , but when the National Science Foundation cut its funding to the Big Ear in 1972 , Ehman was let go , although he stayed on on a volunteer basis .
He then worked as a professor at Franklin University in Columbus , until his retirement about a year ago [ 1993 ] .
Ehman recently rejoined the Big Ear 's volunteer staff .
Jerry Ehman Now , Ehman is a mini-celebrity .
Other volunteers ask him about the famous " Wow ! " signal and it's often mentioned in the meetings .
Journalists call him whenever they write about the Big Ear .
" I just wish when I talked to journalists , there was really something more to say about it .
I 'd like to say , ' Gee , that 's a signal from extraterrestrial intelligence , " Ehman says with a laugh .
" I honestly can't do that . "
Ehman 's scientific training wo n't let him spin a good yarn .
But , he says if the Big Ear staff could have detected the " Wow ! " signal again , they might have been able to identify it .
So , until some listener is knocked off his seat again and the " Wow ! " signal is rediscovered , Ehman 's finding remains only a curious historical footnote .
" I can speculate , too , but there 's nothing to back it up , " Ehman adds .
H OME | F EEDBACK
© 1996 -2006 Ohio State University Radio Observatory .
Originally designed by Point & Click Software , Inc .
Last modified : September 6 , 2006
JRuby Serial Interview 4 : NetBeans
Posted by Nick Sieger
This is part 4 in our ongoing conversation tracking the development of JRuby .
This episode we ’re pleased to have Tor Norbye and Martin Krauskopf from Sun with us to discuss NetBeans .
If you ’re a Rubyist , why should you care about NetBeans ?
Is n’t that one of those big honkin ’ Java IDEs ?
Well , due to the hard work of Tor and Martin , NetBeans will soon be a world - class Ruby and Rails editor and development environment .
All made possible by JRuby underneath the hood .
Do n’t believe me ?
Then read on ...
So , what are you hoping to accomplish with NetBeans Ruby support ?
Any lofty goals ?
Is your target audience Ruby hackers , or Java programmers looking to try something new ?
Tor Norbye : Anybody writing code using Ruby .
That would include both experienced Ruby developers as well as newbies trying out the language .
The lofty goal is to provide First Class Support for Ruby such that where possible , the Ruby support is as good as the Java support .
There are obviously areas where Ruby ’s dynamic nature makes it hard to provide the same features as those available for Java , such as the various refactoring operations and quickfix features that rely on static typing .
But that does n’t mean we wo n’t try .
I think a Rename refactoring operation that has some limitations is still better than just Search / Replace .
That ’s the area I ’m most excited about getting into .
Until now I ’ve been working on getting all the basic IDE infrastructure in place such that the vital parts are there and we can start building more smarts on top .
Martin Krauskopf : Simply the target is the full debugging support in NetBeans like it is in RDT .
I contacted Chris ( Williams ) , Markus ( Barchfeld ) and murphee ( Werner Schuster ) from RDT regarding cooperation on the backends .
Realize that actually backends are currently their effort on which they ’ve spent a lot of time .
I ’ve started with some mini-fixes and would like to continue on the cooperation more and more so they will also get something back .
But the cooperation is very young so I ’ll have more to say later , I think .
So however there are still a lot of work on NetBeans frontend I want to get as much as possible also in the backends works .
Thomas Enebo : Martin just sent an interesting email to the RDT list on a debugging specification and a cross IDE debugger project on Rubyforge ....
Fun times .
NetBeans Ruby support ( click through the image for a full - screen shot ) .
There is test / unit output , and you can see completion of class names with an RDoc popup .
When will we see a public release of NetBeans Ruby support ?
What are some of the features we can expect to see ?
Will there be Rails support ?
Tor Norbye : I wish I could answer when it ’s going to be released , but that ’s not in my hands .
I started the work in closed source , as part of the Project Semplice work .
And when code does n’t start in open source in the first place , there ’s a Sun process to be followed to release it , such as a legal review , etc. etc .
It ’s going through that process now - and has been for quite a while , so I ’m hoping it will be released soon , very soon .
Without promising anything obviously , think weeks .
As I said earlier , the goal for the feature list is to offer the same features that are available for Java : good editing , projects support , debugging , web application support , etc .
Yes , there will be Rails support .
The current feature set , which is what you ’d see if I got the green light to commit into NetBeans CVS today , is heavy on editing support .
There is semantic highlighting , code completion , various other editing features such as pair - matching , smart indent , etc .
There is also some basic projects support and Rails support .
My coworker Martin Krauskopf is working on a debugger and that work is coming along nicely .
NetBeans Rails support ( click through the image for a full - screen shot ) .
RHTML editing , project tree and generator access are shown .
I ’ve got this killer feature idea for a Ruby editor .
How can I get it into NetBeans ?
Tor Norbye : Well , it will all be open source , so the easiest way to do it would be to join the NetBeans open source project and enhance the Ruby editor directly .
NetBeans itself obviously has lots of extensibility APIs , and the Ruby editor may offer its own to register additional quickfixes etc .
At this point that has not been my focus .
Thanks to Tor and Martin for joining us !
For up - to - date progress on Ruby support in NetBeans , follow along on Tor ’s blog .
And if you have further questions , please leave a comment .
What would you like to see in NetBeans Ruby support ?
Iran 's military muscle worries the US and Israel
Russian Defence Minister Sergei Ivanov said a contract to deliver TOR - M1 missiles to Iran had been signed .
He said the deal " in no way upsets the balance of forces in the region , " Russian news agencies reported .
Iran has reportedly agreed to buy 29 of the mobile air defence systems in a contract worth more than $ 700 m ( £ 400 m ; 600 m euros ) .
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg in Moscow says the sale is not banned under any treaty , but it has already been criticised by the United States and Israel .
Earlier , Iran announced that it was planning to build a second nuclear power plant in the south of the country , despite coming under pressure from the international community over its nuclear ambitions .
Iran has previously said it wants to build 20 nuclear power stations in as many years .
Earlier this year the Russian government faced criticism from the West when Moscow agreed to sell missile systems to Syria .
A crew of nine movers swarms over a Lakewood townhome , quickly clearing out three floors and piling the contents in the alley .
Luke Beuthel , a field inspector with a property management company called Mercury Alliance , opens drawers in the kitchen one by one , snapping digital photos to show they are empty .
Nearby , locksmith Bill Grasmick hurries to replace a deadbolt on the front door .
In under an hour , the house is emptied and physical control gained by Wells Fargo , holder of the delinquent mortgage .
“ There is no packing involved , ” says mover Art Fields , owner of Pueblo - based Creative Homes LLC .
“ This is one - way : easy and quick . ”
Meanwhile , the couple who had been living in the house glumly load their 3 - year - old son and some belongings into a blue hatchback .
They say they ’ll spend the night in a hotel , then regroup and plan their next move .
For most of 2006 , Colorado has had the highest foreclosure rate in the country – a grim tally of mortgage defaults behind which lie thousands of stories of personal heartache .
But money can be made even from misery , and this year , profits from foreclosures have soared .
There are lawyers who initiate foreclosures , property managers who oversee troubled homes , service providers who maintain them and listing agents and auctioneers who sell them .
There are also investors who buy and flip the foreclosed properties and Realtors who specialize in “ short sales , ” or selling a home before it is lost in foreclosure .
This Lakewood eviction generates about $ 1,000 for Field ’s moving crew and the locksmith .
The property management firm , Mercury Alliance , wo n’t get paid until it sells the house , but then it will reap 2.2 percent of the home ’s resale price , roughly $ 3,600 .
Others will take bites of the foreclosure profits as well .
About 1 percent , or $ 1,650 , will go to Premiere Asset Services , Wells Fargo ’s property management arm .
The Realtor who provides a buyer will get about 2.8 percent , or $ 4,620 .
Watching over the vacancies
Tom Di Mercurio , owner of Denver - based Mercury Alliance , makes no apologies for his line of work .
“ There is an entire cottage industry around the foreclosure business , ” said Di Mercurio , who has managed thousands of lender - owned properties in a 35 - year career .
Mercury Alliance ’s business is up 150 percent this year , he said .
The work is time - consuming and the margins slimmer than conventional real estate sales .
Watching over empty homes for months is n’t easy work .
Di Mercurio said he has seen it all : Homes abandoned with unfinished meals on the table ; a home swept clean and the key and an apology note placed neatly on the table ; most frequently , homes left in utter disrepair .
Some angry former owners have stripped properties of appliances , cabinets , even light fixtures .
More vindictive owners have been known to plug drains with concrete and turn on the water .
Vandals and vagrants will target abandoned homes .
But with more than 18,000 foreclosures expected this year – a record for the metro area – servicing foreclosures is where the action is in real estate these days .
The sooner foreclosed homes are resold and occupied by people who will care for them , the better for nearby home owners and for the metro area ’s ailing real estate market , Di Mercurio said .
An unheralded growth industry
Properties that lenders acquire through foreclosure are known as REO , short for real - estate owned .
Metro Denver has the largest concentration of third - party REO property managers of any city , a legacy of a real estate downturn – and a wave of foreclosures – that accompanied the oil bust of the late 1980s .
The current foreclosure epidemic traces more to overbuilding and aggressive lending than to fundamental economic problems , but the industry spawned by the earlier deluge of defaults is coming on strong .
Do n’t expect economic development officials to promote the fact , but REO property management is one of metro Denver ’s hottest growth industries .
“ We are hiring like crazy .
We expect to get busier in 2007 , ” said David McCarthy , president and chief executive of Integrated Asset Services , one of the country ’s largest independent REO property managers .
The firm of 116 workers has hired 42 people this year and plans to add another 30 in the first quarter of 2007 .
The number of foreclosed homes it has sold has jumped from about 3,000 last year to 4,000 this year .
Head counts are up about 25 percent at Fidelity National Asset Management Solutions , another big REO property management firm .
It employs 125 people nationally , including 100 in Westminster , president Chad Neel said .
Fidelity Solutions sells about 1,000 foreclosed properties a month , a pace about 40 percent ahead of last year , he said .
“ I am turning away business , ” Neel said .
“ Every client we have says there is a tsunami coming . ”
Business for law firms
Long before a foreclosure turns into a lockout , there are dozens of pages of legal documents that must be filed , costing lenders hundreds of dollars .
One law firm – Castle Meinhold & Stawiarski – dominates the foreclosure business in Colorado .
It is a combination of three smaller firms with foreclosure practices that merged in 2003 to improve margins by increasing volume , said partner Don Meinhold .
Lawyers Lawrence Castle , Caren Castle and Leo Stawiarski are the other name partners .
“ It is a fairly low - margin business .
The reason we do it is because we can do the volume , ” Meinhold said .
Castle Meinhold and its predecessor firms represented lenders in 23,600 of 37,700 foreclosures , or 62.2 percent , in Adams , Arapahoe , Denver and Weld counties from 2003 to 2006 , a Denver Post analysis of public records found .
Castle Meinhold charges lenders up to $ 800 a foreclosure , so its revenues in those four counties during the period were as much as $ 18.4 million .
Meinhold said the firm does not collect the full $ 800 in every case , but he could not provide specifics .
The $ 800 fee is set as a maximum by the government - sponsored lending giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , as well as by the U.S. Departments of Housing and Urban Development and Veterans Affairs , Meinhold said .
“ There is n’t any wiggle room there .
We have to stick to those levels , ” he said .
“ We could have 100 percent of the market and we could n’t raise the fees . ”
Castle Meinhold also typically charges up to $ 400 for title work on foreclosures , according to Arapahoe County trustee records .
The firm ’s own title company , Colorado American Title , handles the majority of its title work , Meinhold said .
Castle Meinhold and its predecessor firms faced lawsuits starting in the late 1990s and continuing through last year , claiming that it overcharged for title work .
Its title fees sometimes exceeded $ 1,000 at that time .
Foreclosed homeowners claimed the firms used their dominance of the foreclosure market to charge excessive title fees .
Castle Meinhold denied that it charged excessive fees .
The cases were settled or dismissed .
Boulder attorney Andrew Rosen , who filed suits against Castle Meinhold , said the firm is now charging lower fees for title work .
Filling newspapers with notices
Once a foreclosure notice is filed with the public trustee , the public must be notified , typically with a listing in a community newspaper .
Foreclosure notices have proved to be a bright spot in an otherwise tough print advertising market , said Scott Perriman , publisher of MetroNorth Newspapers .
“ They have become a large revenue source for us , ” Perriman said .
“ We prefer that the numbers were n’t going up , because it signals that our economy is not what it should be . ”
Five years ago , the Northglenn - Thornton Sentinel and Westminster Window ran about eight pages of foreclosure notices a week .
Now the community newspapers consistently run 20 to 24 pages .
Although Perriman wo n’t discuss specific revenue figures , it costs $ 275 to run a foreclosure notice for five weeks .
And in Adams County alone , more than 4,000 foreclosure notices are expected to be filed this year .
Publishing the notices has required more pages , creating more room for news articles .
But the notices themselves are among the most popular content , Perriman said .
“ It is important to know if your next - door neighbor is in foreclosure , ” he said .
Perriman , who tunes in to late - night television when he can’t sleep , cites another reason why notices are a must - read for so many : seminars that promise a fortune by investing in foreclosed properties .
“ Flippers ” find hurdles
Who would n’t want to make $ 70,000 for 30 hours of work ?
Real estate investor Karl Noons posed that question to about 75 people attending a recent seminar in Lakewood called “ Discovering Foreclosure Profits . ”
“ There ’s so much money out there it ’s crazy , and there are people making it in your neighborhood .
So why not you ? ”
Noons said .
“ Once you get our system down , it ’s like printing money . ”
Noons ’ “ system ” includes buying foreclosed or other distressed properties at a discount with private investors ’ money and selling for a profit .
For $ 3,000 , he and others from the Florida - based National Foreclosure Institute will reveal their secrets .
“ This is the place to be if you ’re serious about making money , ” he said .
Has Colorado ’s foreclosure epidemic created opportunities for property investors to make millions ?
Experienced property “ flippers ” say there is money to be made , but do n’t quit your day job .
Discounted foreclosed properties are available , but a weak real estate market makes it difficult to sell at a profit .
“ It ’s not as easy as some people think , ” said Nathan Christiansen , who has flipped five foreclosed homes for a profit of about $ 60,000 .
“ But if you can find the bargains , you can make money . ”
Christiansen had no real estate experience in 2004 when he flipped his first property .
It was a three - bedroom townhouse in his Brighton neighborhood that had been repossessed by HUD .
Through a Realtor friend , Christiansen had a buyer lined up before he bid on the property .
He paid $ 130,000 and sold the property three weeks later for $ 165,000 , returning $ 10,000 to the buyer for closing costs and down payment assistance .
After costs and broker commissions , he made $ 14,000 on the flip .
“ The Realtor told me I got lucky on that one and that it usually takes more work and more time , ” Christiansen said .
“ He was right . ”
Later that year , Christiansen bought a HUD - foreclosed house in Commerce City for $ 115,000 .
It took nearly a year to sell , and repairs cost more than he expected .
He sold it for $ 158,000 , but he still lost $ 5,000 .
On three subsequent transactions , he netted $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 .
The money supplements his income from his government consulting business , Christiansen said .
Christiansen now lives in the Phoenix area with his wife and son .
But he still invests in Denver - area properties .
Wednesday , he bought two more .
“ There are so many HUD homes available in Colorado , ” he said .
“ You can find 50 to 60 properties available at any one time in Denver alone . ”
At the foreclosure seminar in Lakewood , few in attendance signed up for the $ 3,000 workshop .
Many in the crowd were real estate pros who attended the free seminar out of curiosity and in hopes of learning new tricks .
“ It takes work , ” said Lakewood broker and real estate investor Cletus Thill .
“ Nothing falls into your hands too easily . ”
“ Short sales ” commissions
As he roams through Aurora ’s neighborhoods , Keller Williams real estate agent Steve Shoemaker sees himself as a white knight of sorts .
If he can get to delinquent borrowers in time , Shoemaker is confident he can help many of them avoid foreclosure and eviction .
“ We like to be the first one who knocks on the door , ” he said .
Shoemaker must convince the owner , often through repeated visits , that he is more trustworthy than the dozen other people who will be offering help .
For every 40 doors he knocks on , Shoemaker might get one call back .
Half the time he advises people for free , helping them work out agreements with their lenders short of a sale , he said ; their gratitude often leads to referrals for him .
When he ca n’t work out a deal to placate a homeowner ’s lender , he tries for a “ short sale ” – getting the lender to accept a sales price below what is owed .
For this he earns a commission of 2 percent to 3 percent of the sales price .
While that was a tough task two years ago , more lenders are now willing to take less than what is owed on a mortgage .
A typical foreclosure can cost a lender $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 and ruin a borrower ’s credit rating , Shoemaker said .
A short sale can offer a compromise out of a difficult situation .
Shoemaker stops at a home on Ensenada Street in Aurora ’s Fox Hill neighborhood and knocks .
When no one answers , he writes a quick note on his flier : “ Deborah , call Steve , I can help you . ”
He carefully folds the flier , slips in his business card and inserts it in the door jamb so that other foreclosure consultants wo n’t see it and remove it .
This year , Shoemaker has helped clients close on 16 properties before they were lost to foreclosure .
A dozen more were lost before he could sell them , he said .
He thinks 2007 will be an extremely busy year .
More and more real estate agents , faced with a sluggish resale market , are wanting to work with distressed properties , said Shoemaker , who is expanding his team .
Shoemaker , in turn , longs for the day when he can focus on selling higher - end homes not facing foreclosure .
A busy auction block
When REO property managers can’t sell a home , they call on auctioneers like Dallas - based Hudson & Marshall .
Since 1999 , the firm has focused exclusively on foreclosed properties , selling more than 40,000 homes , said co- owner David Webb .
His firm was in Denver just before Thanksgiving , auctioning 90 homes in a ballroom sale .
Webb plans to be back in late February with another batch of homes .
Lenders are willing to discount the homes in return for a quick sale that reduces their carrying costs and mitigates the damage that comes when a home sits vacant for too many months , Webb said .
Auction firms can make money in different ways , sometimes off a flat fee but more typically by sharing the listing agent ’s commission .
As more foreclosures flood the market and the inventory of unsold homes rises , auctions will increasingly become an important way to match buyers and sellers .
“ They are telling us Colorado is very heavily hit and we will be active here for the next year and a half , ” Webb said .
Staff writer Aldo Svaldi can be reached at 303-954-1410 or asvaldi@denverpost.com .
Canvex is believed to work in the following browsers , on any operating system and with no external plugins :
Firefox 1.5 + ( 2.0 recommended for best performance )
Opera 9
Safari 3
( More details on browser support )
It requires support for a number of existing and experimental standards :
In particular , it will not work ( nor get anywhere close to working ) in Internet Explorer .
It should be able to nearly work in versions of Safari that have SVG support , but that is untested ( due to lack of suitable equipment ) and will almost certainly reveal bugs .
BusinessWeek Editor speaks !
post # 248 — November 27 , 2006 — a General , Managing post
John Byrne , Executive Editor of BusinessWeek Magazine , talks to me for 20 minutes about his career and the managerial lessons he has learned in a very special podcast available on my website .
After nearly two decades as the pre-eminent business and management journalist ( and co-author of former GE - CEO Jack Welchâ€™s book Straight from the Gut ) , Byrne made the transition to becoming the editor , first , of the magazine Fast Company , and then the print edition of BusinessWeek , overseeing 180 people .
His vantage point is unique , and as he observes , managing a knowledge - based enterprise like a magazine is only a little different ( if at all ) from managing a professional service business .
I found his remarks fascinating and I hope you will too .
You can download my John Byrne interview or sign up to receive new Business Masterclass seminars automatically with iTunes or other podcast players .
( Click here for step - by - step instructions on how to subscribe . )
My seminars are always available for download at no cost .
Zwiebelfisch Die reformierte Reform
Deutschland starrt wie gebannt auf das zähflüssigste Reformwerk aller Zeiten : die Neuordnung der Rechtschreibung .
Die Kultusminister der Länder stimmen heute in Berlin über die endgültige Form ab .
Die ist ein Kompromiss - aber einer , mit dem sich 's leben lässt .
Some techniques for reducing consing when processing very large text files
At Franz Inc. , we are building various AllegroCache and AllegroGraph applications that need to read enormously large text based files .
Typical examples are ntriple rdf files or comma separated files with hundreds of millions of entries .
Consing is a big problem when processing these files naively , not because the processing itself is slow , but because excessive consing results in garbage collections that take tens of seconds .
During these GC's , the program is unable to serve external clients .
We needed some new functionality and some tricks to significantly reduce or completely get rid of the consing .
We have already provided cons-free variants of read - line ( see the earlier Tech Corner article Space - efficient variants of read - line ) .
The simple - stream - read - line function ( one of the variants ) allows you to use the same resource buffer over and over again .
We create a macro , do - lines , that calls simple - stream - read - line and is suited to our specific needs ( this saves us having to remember the syntax of simple - stream - read - line ) .
With the macro ( defined just below ) , we can read lines of text and process them with a simple form like :
( do - lines ( line end filename ) ( do - my - stuff line end ) )
Here line is the variable that is bound to each line as it is read and end is the variable that tells you where the information read into the buffer ends .
Here is the definition of the macro :
( defmacro do - lines ( ( line end file &key ( len 1000 ) ( external - format * default - external - format * ) ) & body body ) ( let ( ( in ( gensym ) ) ( done ( gensym ) ) ( t - end ( gensym ) ) ( buf ( gensym ) ) ) `( with - open - file ( , in , file : external - format , external - format ) ( let ( ( , buf ( make - array , len :element - type ' character ) ) ( , end nil ) ) ( declare ( dynamic - extent , buf ) ) ( loop ( multiple - value - bind ( , line , done , t - end ) ( simple - stream - read - line , in nil nil , buf ) ( declare ( ignore , done ) ) ( unless , line ( return ) ) ( setf , end ( or , t - end ( length , line ) ) ) , @body ) ) ) ) ) )
Let us compare using read - line with using do - lines .
We first create some fake telecom - like data in a csv file .
The file has data in four fields :
a -number , the calling telephone number b-number , the receiving telephone number start - time duration
The following function creates a file with one comma-delimited data quad per line ( it creates the file / tmp / faketelecom.data ; if that path is not suitable on you machine , specify another one here and below where the file is read ) :
( defun make - fake - data ( ) ( with - open - file ( out " /tmp/faketelecom.data " : direction :output :if-exists : supersede ) ( let ( ( c 0 ) ) ( dotimes ( i 1000000 ) ( format out " ~d , ~d , ~d , ~d~ % " ( 1+ ( random 10000 ) ) ( 1+ ( random 10000 ) ) ( incf c ( random 3 ) ) ( 1+ ( random 10 ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Now we use read - line to read each line of the data file .
We do not do anything yet : we will show that below .
We are only interested in the space used for the reading .
( defun test1 ( ) ( with - open - file ( in " /tmp/faketelecom.data " ) ( let ( ( line nil ) ( c 0 ) ) ( while ( setf line ( read - line in nil nil ) ) ( incf c ) ) c ) ) )
Here is a transcript :
cl-user ( 69 ) : ( compile ' test1 ) test1 t nil cl-user ( 70 ) : ( time ( test1 ) ) ; cpu time ( non - gc ) 480 msec user , 20 msec system ; cpu time ( gc ) 170 msec user , 0 msec system ; cpu time ( total ) 650 msec user , 20 msec system ; real time 673 msec ; space allocation : ; 141 cons cells , 79,887,072 other bytes , 0 static bytes 1000000
Now we use our do - lines macro ( and simple - stream - read - line ) :
cl-user ( 71 ) : ( defun test2 ( ) ( let ( ( c 0 ) ) ( do- lines ( line end " ~/temp/faketelecom.data " ) ( incf c ) ) c ) ) test2 cl-user ( 72 ) : ( compile *) test2 t nil cl-user ( 73 ) : ( time ( test2 ) ) ; cpu time ( non - gc ) 330 msec user , 30 msec system ; cpu time ( gc ) 0 msec user , 0 msec system ; cpu time ( total ) 330 msec user , 30 msec system ; real time 356 msec ; space allocation : ; 85 cons cells , 8,944 other bytes , 0 static bytes 1000000
The do - lines creates only 8 Kb of garbage whereas the naive version create almost 80 Mb of garbage .
Now let us do something with the contents of each line .
Doing something will almost always use space as the result must be stored somewhere .
Suppose , for example , we want to count the number of unique substrings in each column of the fake file that we created .
We need a hash - table for each column , where we will store each unique string :
( defvar htlist nil ) ( defvar a - ht nil ) ( defvar b- ht nil ) ( defvar t- ht nil ) ( defvar d- ht nil ) ( defun init - hash - tables ( ) ( setf htlist ( list ( setf a-ht ( make - hash - table : size 10000 : test #'equal ) ) ; calling number ( setf b-ht ( make - hash - table : size 10000 : test #'equal ) ) ; receiving number ( setf t-ht ( make - hash - table : size 10000 : test #'equal ) ) ; start time ( setf d-ht ( make - hash - table : size 10000 : test #'equal ) ) ) ) ) ; duration
( You may note we have made the start time hashtable ( t - ht ) too small : 10000 initial size where 10 or 100 times bigger will likely be necessary .
But we only know that because we created the data just above in this note and we know its characteristics .
10000 may be a reasonable number absent additional information .
In any case , further optimization may be available by better estimating the hash - table size required , but we leave that optimization to the reader . )
Here is a function to parse a line of data :
( defun parse - telecom - line - 1 ( line end ) ( labels ( ( next - comma ( string end start ) ( loop for i from start to end do ( when ( or ( = i end ) ( char-equal ( schar string i ) # \ , ) ) ( return i ) ) ) ) ) ( let ( ( start 0 ) ) ( dolist ( ht htlist ) ( let ( ( pos ( next - comma line end start ) ) ) ( incf ( gethash ( subseq line start pos ) ht 0 ) ) ;( print ( subseq line start pos ) ) ( setf start ( 1+ pos ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun count - all - 1 ( ) ( init - hash - tables ) ( do- lines ( line end " /tmp/faketelecom.data " ) ( parse - telecom - line - 1 line end ) ) )
Now we compile the functions and run our test :
cl-user ( 74 ) ( compile ' parse - telecom - line - 1 ) parse - telecom - line - 1 nil nil cl- user ( 75 ) ( compile ' count - all - 1 ) count - all - 1 nil nil cl-user ( 75 ) ( dotimes ( i 4 ) ( gc ) ) ;; ( clean up : most live data ;; goes to oldspace with 4 gc's cl-user ( 76 ) ( time ( count - all - 1 ) ) ; cpu time ( non - gc ) 9,350 msec user , 20 msec system ; cpu time ( gc ) 1,150 msec user , 0 msec system ; cpu time ( total ) 10,500 msec user , 20 msec system ; real time 10,526 msec ; space allocation : ; 214 cons cells , 257,219,712 other bytes , 0 static bytes nil cl-user ( 77 ) :
Nearly 260 MB of data is created to parse the file .
What is creating it ?
( Here we can pitch our runtime - analyzer .
It identifies the functions which allocate the most data , using the : space analysis option .
However , we know the answer and will just tell you : the repeated calls to subseq .
To reduce garbage , we must to get rid of some of the subseq's .
Here is a trick to do so :
( defvar +expected - maximum - string - length + 80 ) ( defvar + string - types + 1 ) ( defvar * string - source * ( loop with strings = ( make - array ( list +expected - maximum - string - length + + string - types + ) ) for length below + expected - maximum - string - length + do ( loop for type below + string - types + do ( setf ( aref strings length type ) ( make - string length ) ) ) finally ( return strings ) ) ) ( defun mysubseq ( type string start end ) " Return a substring , using one of the string values from * STRING - SOURCE * as the return value if the substring is less than +EXPECTED - MAXIMUM -STRING-LENGTH +.
These strings are passed to the callback function ; it must not hold onto after it returns ; if it needs to it must make a copy .
In most cases that 's okay , since the string values are immediately written to a file . " ( declare ( optimize speed ) ) ( let* ( ( length (- end start ) ) ( substring ( if ( < length + expected - maximum - string - length + ) ( aref * string - source * length type ) ( make - string length ) ) ) ) ( do ( ( c start ( 1+ c ) ) ( i 0 ( 1+ i ) ) ) ( ( = c end ) ) ( declare ( fixnum i c ) ) ( setf ( schar substring i ) ( schar string c ) ) ) substring ) )
Here we use it :
( defun parse - telecom - line - 2 ( line end ) ( labels ( ( next - comma ( string end start ) ( loop for i from start to end do ( when ( or ( = i end ) ( char-equal ( schar string i ) # \ , ) ) ( return i ) ) ) ) ) ( let ( ( start 0 ) ) ( dolist ( ht htlist ) ( let ( ( pos ( next - comma line end start ) ) ) ( let ( ( str ( mysubseq 0 line start pos ) ) ) ( if * ( not ( gethash str ht ) ) then ( setf ( gethash ( subseq str 0 ( length str ) ) ht ) 1 ) else ( incf ( gethash str ht ) ) ) ;( print ( subseq line start pos ) ) ( setf start ( 1+ pos ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun count - all - 2 ( ) ( init - hash - tables ) ( do- lines ( line end " ~/temp/faketelecom.data " ) ( parse - telecom - line - 2 line end ) ) ) cl-user ( 77 ) : ( compile ' parse - telecom - line - 2 ) parse - telecom - line - 2 nil nil cl- user ( 78 ) : ( compile ' count - all - 2 ) count - all - 2 nil nil cl-user ( 164 ) : ( dotimes ( i 4 ) ( gc ) ) 22701264 bytes have been tenured , next gc will be global .
See the documentation for variable * global - gc - behavior * for more information .
nil cl-user ( 79 ) : ( time ( count - all - 2 ) ) ; cpu time ( non - gc ) 9,740 msec user , 30 msec system ; cpu time ( gc ) 0 msec user , 0 msec system ; cpu time ( total ) 9,740 msec user , 30 msec system ; real time 9,769 msec ; space allocation : ; 79 cons cells , 98,212,576 other bytes , 0 static bytes nil cl-user ( 80 ) :
Now only 98 Mb of data is created .
( We can not get rid of it all because we are storing the unique strings . )
CAVEAT : please remember that this is a little bit of a dumbed down example .
With the fake dataset we would not have had to use the hashtables and we could just have created vectors with an entry for each user so then we could have done this completely cons free .
However , in the real telecom call detail records there is too much data for such an alternative approach .
The US 's recently installed ground based interceptor missile defence system has been activated and may be called into use if the communist regime defies warnings over firing the Taepondong rocket , a US defence official told Reuters .
The official confirmed a report in the Washington Times that the Pentagon has switched the multibillion - dollar system from test mode to operational , after being in the developmental stage for years .
" It 's good to be ready , " the official said .
Citing US intelligence sources , the Washington Times earlier reported that two US Navy aegis warships were patrolling off the North Korean coast and would be among the first sensors that would trigger the use of interceptors .
The US 's defence missile system includes nine long range interceptor missiles based at Fort Greeley in Alaska and another two at Vandenberg Air Force base in California .
A senior Bush administration official told the paper that shooting down the North Korean missile , thought to have the ability to reach the US mainland , was among the options being considered .
Neither a White House nor Pentagon spokesman would confirm the specific response being planned to any testing .
" We have a limited missile defence system .
We do n't discuss the alert status or the specific capabilities , " said Pentagon spokesman Eric Ruff .
North Korean officials today insisted they had the right to carry out the test after US spy satellite images apparently identified a missile being fuelled up .
The corrosive nature of rocket fuel means missiles have to be fired within five to 10 days .
" This issue concerns our autonomy .
Nobody has a right to slander that right , " a North Korean Foreign Ministry official , Ri Pyong - dok , told Japanese reporters in North Korea .
The Japanese Kyodo news agency cited Mr Ri as saying that Pyongyang 's actions are not bound by the joint declaration made at international nuclear disarmament talks last year or an earlier missile moratorium agreed to by Tokyo and Pyongyang in 2002 when their leaders met .
North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il reaffirmed the moratorium in 2004 .
An agreement reached at nuclear disarmament talks in September does n't specifically address missile tests by the North , although negotiators at the Beijing talks - which included the two Koreas , China , Japan , Russia and the United States - pledged to work toward peace and stability in the region .
North Korea and Japan agreed in 2002 to place a moratorium on missile tests .
Japan has been at the forefront of international concern over North Korea 's weapons programme .
With tensions rising in the region , the US was this week staging a massive training exercise in the western Pacific Ocean with 22,000 troops and three aircraft carriers .
There were conflicting reports about whether a missile launch was imminent .
A Japanese TV report today said satellite images indicated the North was still fuelling its missile .
However , workers spotted near the head of the missile yesterday were n't visible today , Japan 's public broadcaster NHK said , citing US military sources in Japan .
If the North is " really able to carry nuclear warheads by long - range missile , that would create serious security problems for the international community , " Ban told reporters in Geneva , where he is attending international meetings .
North Korea kept up its tough talk in the country 's official media , lashing out at the US for its missile defence plans , which it said would " touch off a space war in the long run , " the North 's Minju Joson newspaper wrote in a commentary , according to the country 's Korean central news agency .
The US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , said yesterday in Washington that test - launching the missile - believed to have a range of 9,300 miles - would be a " very serious matter and , indeed , a provocative act " .
North Korea claims it has nuclear weapons , but is n't believed to have a design that would be small and light enough to top a missile .
The North has boycotted international nuclear talks since last November .
Democracy is spreading around the world .
Recent elections in Iraq , Afghanistan and Ukraine give hope for greater freedom and peace .
But in New York , home of the Statue of Liberty and the first U.S. Congress , democracy has practically disappeared .
Help us restore fair elections .
Read More ...
I 'm guest - blogging at Instapundit this week .
Mindles may post , and I may put up some longer pieces here , but most of your hot Jane Galt action will be over at Insty's .
. . . for campsites within reasonable travelling distance of New York City , with hiking suitable for a not particularly athletic journalist type , good for at least two days of activity .
Ideally , one where I can have a fire in the privacy of my own damn campsite , instead of having to crowd into one of those horrible " fireplace " areas so that I can enjoy my romantic firelight dinner in the company of every dyspeptic toddler in the tri-state region .
But this may be an amenity reserved for large groups , or outlaws , the two types of camping expeditions I have previously enjoyed .
From the desk of Jane Galt
Intelligent Design Redux
Steve Verdon has some suggestions for other creation stories that we might want to include in our science curriculums .
Excellent idea , but I feel his scope is too narrow .
Why should we limit ourselves to already - existing creation stories ?
Why not encourage the citizenry to submit their own ?
For example , I have a theory that our cosmos is a third - grade science project for a multidimensional being beyond our ken who is named , for some reason , " Grimmet " .
Readers are encouraged to think of their own creation stories for inclusion in American textbooks .
On a serious note , yes , I know that President Bush was not urging that creationism be taught in our schools , or even that ID be given equal time .
I certainly do n't have a problem devoting a couple of classes to the holes in evolutionary theory -- one of the things that irks me is that most of the people I know who believe in evolution believe in it on the same basis that most creationists I know ( yes , I do know some ) believe that the world was created in six days : because their friends and family , and a couple of authority figures they respect , believe it is so .
The contempt those self - identified illuminati display for those with a more traditional brand of religious belief is cruel self - parody .
The problem is that the people pushing to " teach the holes " are largely also hoping to plug those holes with God .
I do not like this in our nation 's public schools -- nay , nay , sir , I do not like it at all .
President Bush 's suggestion was fairly moderate , and even reasonable .
But the ends to which it aspires are neither moderate , nor reasonable , and it gives me a squirmy feeling to contemplate them .
On the other hand , the Republic struggled along pretty well for 200 years with creationism ( and bible verses ! ) being taught right there in the classroom .
I do not think that our nation will fall if ID wends its way into classes ; given how appallingly little our nation 's students seem to glean from their classwork , I doubt we 'll even notice very much .
Posted at 11:27 AM | Comments ( 84 ) | TrackBack ( 4 ) | Technorati inbound links
Job seekers and employers connect
We want job seekers and employers to connect directly .
After you find the right job , you ’re sent straight to the employer ’s site to apply .
No signups .
No fuss .
You keep the High Line going
The High Line is almost entirely supported by people like you .
As a nonprofit , we need your support to keep this public space free — and extraordinary — for everyone .
When a 20 - something Kaiser Permanente employee sent to thousands of his co-workers an e-mail that criticized the operations and vendor selection of the Oakland , Calif . - based health plan 's massive $ 3 billion electronic health - record implementation , the first reaction from officials at Kaiser and its main vendor -- Verona , Wis. - based Epic Systems -- was to belittle the messenger .
Now , however , both companies are directly addressing the issues raised by Justen Deal , a publications project supervisor in Kaiser 's health education and training department , who shared his concerns in an internal message he e-mailed Friday , Nov. 3 , which was then subsequently widely distributed by co-workers to the media and posted on Internet information - technology blogs .
Deal 's e-mail surfaced at about the same time as J. Clifford Dodd resigned from his post as senior vice president and chief information officer for Kaiser Foundation Health Plans / Hospitals .
All Kaiser would say is that the resignation had nothing to do with Deal 's e-mail , and that Dodd had very little contact with Epic on the EHR project that it is calling KP HealthConnect .
Kaiser also noted that Deal had brought the same concerns up through regular corporate channels and his concerns were found to be without merit .
Deal has posted copies of his correspondence with company officials on a Web site he created : www.fixkp.org .
The controversy refused to die , however , and Kaiser has since made public a letter it sent to its fellow Epic customers that declared its confidence in Epic to deliver the goods , and Epic released a Nov. 21 statement intended to " set the record straight . "
Deal , who could not be reached for comment , had described Kaiser 's selection of Epic as a unilateral decision imposed on the company by Chief Executive Officer George Halvorson , but Epic 's statement declared that the selection was comprehensive and involved hundreds of Kaiser employees over a period of about six months .
Deal had suggested that Epic was having problems tailoring its products to the massive scale required to connect Kaiser 's 12,000 physicians , 431 medical offices and 30 medical Centers .
But Epic stated that the system it developed was " both scalable and robust " and able to handle 26,500 concurrent users .
Another major concern raised by Deal was that the system was typically down for thousands of user hours a month , but Epic 's statement noted that " power problems " and not its software were the primary reasons for the downtime .
It also stated that the system is available to employees 99.5 % of the time .
Louise Liang , Kaiser Foundation senior vice president of quality and clinical systems support and Andy Wiesenthal , Permanente Federation associate medical cirector , expressed their confidence in Epic in a Nov. 9 letter to other Epic customers that has since been released to the media .
The letter mentions Deal 's e-mail without mentioning him by name .
" You have likely seen the recent media coverage regarding an e-mail sent out by a Kaiser Permanente employee calling into question the success of our KP HealthConnect electronic health record system , " the letter stated .
" While we would not normally feel the need to alert you to one person 's personal commentary , we do understand that due to the amount of media attention it has received , it may be difficult to separate one person 's viewpoint from fact . "
The letter goes on to say that the Kaiser is pleased with Epic , and that the success of the implementation so far " is quite real " and includes deployment of electronic prescribing and registration , and that computerized physician order entry has been fully deployed at two hospitals so far .
Howard Landa , chief medical information officer at Hawaii Permanente Medical Group and vice chairman of the Association of Medical Directors of Information Systems , agreed that Deal 's e-mail was inaccurate .
" Everything I know about in his letter was wrong -- it was either way exaggerated or outright false , " he said , adding that what was true in the e-mail had been previously acknowledged by the company .
" There were some real downtime issues which -- over the last few months -- have been resolved , " Landa said .
" And Kaiser is having some financial difficulties , but that 's not news .
And there 's no question it 's cost more to implement than we 've anticipated . "
Landa explained that problems or confusion can be traced somewhat to the independent nature of the medical groups under Kaiser contract .
" The old ' herding cats ' mentality is still there , " he said .
Landa added that KP HealthConnect will eventually serve as the model other organizations will follow .
" As soon as we figure it out , the rest of the world will , too , " he said .
The Joins Concurrency Library .
Claudio Russo .
Comega extended C# 1.x with a simple , declarative and powerful model of concurrency - join patterns - applicable both to multithreaded applications and to the orchestration of asynchronous , event - based distributed applications .
With Generics available in C# 2.0 , we can now provide join patterns as a library rather than a language feature .
The Joins library extends its clients with an embedded , type - safe and mostly declarative language for expressing synchronization patterns .
The library has some advantages over Comega : it is language neutral , supporting other languages like Visual Basic ; its join patterns are more dynamic , allowing solutions difficult to express with Comega ; its code is easy to modify , fostering experimentation .
In the Joins library , the scheduling logic that would be compiled into the corresponding Comega class receives a separate , first - class representation as an object of the special Join class .
The Join class provides a mostly declarative , type - safe mechanism for defining thread - safe synchronous and synchronous communication channels and patterns .
Instead of ( a ) synchronous methods , as in Comega , the communication channels are special delegate values ( first - class methods ) obtained from a common Join object .
Communication and / or synchronization takes place by invoking these delegates , passing arguments and optionally waiting
for return values .
The library also supports dynamic joins , which are not available in Comega , implemented by joining arrays of channels ( with the size of the array being determined at runtime ) .
The major weakness of the Joins library is speed , since the static apporach of Comega provides more room for optimization ( see the brief discussion in sec . 6 ) .
The swank Sheraton Maria Isabel Hotel aspires to be many things , but a symbol of U.S. imperialism is not one of them .
But such has been the case since Feb. 3 , when staff at the U.S. - owned hotel just across from the American Embassy politely suggested that 16 visiting Cuban officials check out .
The reason : U.S. Treasury officials had told the Sheraton ’s owner , Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide , of White Plains , N.Y. , that taking money from the guests from Cuba violated the 4 - decade - old U.S. embargo against the communist - run island .
Faced with the choice of being sanctioned and being selectively inhospitable , the Sheraton reluctantly chose the latter .
Advertisement
Mexicans exploded at the notion of U.S. laws being enforced on Mexican soil and called for authorities to shut the hotel down .
On Tuesday , the leftist - controlled Mexico City government finally succeeded in closing the 755 - room hotel .
Or so it seemed .
Red stickers announcing that the Sheraton had been “ closed down ” were pasted on its front doors .
Various government officials pronounced it closed , effective immediately .
Mexican television announced that all guests would be evicted in two hours .
Advertisement
City inspectors posted a series of handwritten notes on a hotel bulletin board in half a dozen languages , telling the guests they would have to leave .
Then the inspectors went home .
Two hours passed .
The hotel remained open .
Arriving at the hotel just after sunset Tuesday , British guest Anthony Thompson set down his bags , frowned at the “ closed ” signs and uttered an English expletive understood by the Mexican journalists encamped outside the lobby .
A concierge in a natty aquamarine uniform told Thompson not to worry , then escorted him into the hotel .
“ It ’s open , ” the concierge told another guest in Spanish .
“ If the reporters ask you questions , do n’t answer . ”
Advertisement
Under U.S. law , the Cuba embargo applies to all U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries .
The Cuban officials at the hotel were meeting with U.S. oil executives at a trade conference , where they were discussing future investments .
Mexico maintains diplomatic and commercial relations with Cuba .
The eviction of the officials quickly became an issue in Mexico ’s presidential campaign .
Advertisement
“ The expulsion of the Cubans ... is a shameful act , ” Humberto Musacchio wrote in the Mexico City newspaper Reforma .
His was one of a flood of columns in the Mexican press denouncing the hotel .
The eviction was “ practically a declaration of war ” because Mexico ’s “ national honor has been sullied . ”
Raymundo Riva Palacio , a columnist for the newspaper El Universal , wrote that it was common knowledge that the fifth floor of the hotel once functioned as “ the headquarters of the CIA ” in Mexico .
In Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack was drawn into the fray .
Advertisement
“ U.S. law would apply to U.S. corporations or subsidiaries of U.S. corporations no matter where they may be , ” McCormack explained , “ whether it ’s in Mexico City or in Europe or South America . ”
Foreign Minister Luis Ernesto Derbez , a member of the conservative National Action Party , initially said the Mexican government would not intervene .
Later , in the face of mounting criticism , he said the hotel chain had shown a “ disregard for Mexican law ” that could lead to “ appropriate sanctions . ”
Mexico City ’s government , controlled by members of the Democratic Revolution Party , whose presidential candidate , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , was once mayor , beat the federales to the punch .
City building inspectors showed up days after the eviction .
Virginia Jaramillo
Flores , the head of the city borough in which the hotel is located , said Tuesday that the inspectors had found dozens of violations at the Sheraton .
Advertisement
In a nation where illegal construction is the norm , the hotel was cited for allegedly failing to obtain a permit for 32,000 square feet of new construction .
In addition , inspectors found two bars lacking licenses , and not enough parking spaces .
Jaramillo said city inspectors were not aware of the violations at the landmark hotel -- President Kennedy stayed there in 1962 -- because no one had complained before .
The closure would commence immediately and remain in effect until the offending construction was removed and 1,000 parking spaces added , Jaramillo said .
Plus , there was a $ 15,000 fine to be paid .
An hour later , inspectors were pasting the “ closed ” signs on the hotel ’s doors , which nonetheless remained unlocked .
Advertisement
“ The Hotel Sheraton Maria Isabel expresses its great surprise in response to this action , ” Laura Canepa , a representative for Starwood Hotels , told the reporters gathered outside .
“ At this moment our lawyers are evaluating the legal , administrative and business implications of this measure . ”
By late Tuesday afternoon , as the hotel ’s lawyers conferred in the lobby , it remained unclear whether the Sheraton ’s hundreds of well - heeled guests would be forced to seek new lodgings .
“ The hotel is still operating , even with the [ closure ] seals , which are really bad for Mexico ’s image , ” said Jorge Hernandez Delgado , president of the Mexican Assn. of Travel Agents .
“ We ’re doing the best we can to bring tourism here , only to have these types of political actions that ruin everything . ”
Guests continued to check in to the hotel well into the evening , however .
Mexico City authorities made no attempt to stop them .
The hotel continued to take reservations .
Advertisement
“ The hotel is definitely closed , ” a spokeswoman for the city government said .
“ At this moment , it really should n’t be operating . ”
*
Times staff writer Cecilia Sanchez contributed to this report .
Adult stem cells may be free of the ethical concerns that hamper embryonic stem cell research , but they still pose formidable scientific challenges .
Chief among these is the doggedness with which adult stem cells differentiate into mature tissue the moment they ’re isolated from the body .
This makes it nearly impossible for researchers to multiply them in the laboratory .
And because adult stem cells are so rare , that makes it difficult to use them for treating disease .
Now , researchers in the lab of Whitehead Institute Member and MIT professor of biology Harvey Lodish have discovered a way to multiply an adult stem cell 30 - fold , an expansion that offers tremendous promise for treatments such as bone marrow transplants and perhaps even gene therapy .
“ A 30 - fold increase is ten times higher than anyone ’s achieved before , ” says Lodish , senior author on the paper , which will be published January 22 online in Nature Medicine .
Unlike embryonic stem cells , adult stem cells are generally tissue - specific , each one destined to develop into several kinds of cells .
Chengcheng Zhang , a postdoctoral researcher in the Lodish lab , was determined to develop a way to multiply adult stem cells once they ’ve been isolated from tissue .
Achieving this goal required some intricate laboratory sleuthing .
Zhang began by studying adult hematopoietic–blood cell forming –stem cells .
Offspring of some of these cells develop into all of the red and white blood cells , while others form the immune system .
Using fetal tissue from mice as the source of these cells , Zhang discovered a population of cells that were not stem cells , yet appeared to interact with stem cells , preserving and allowing them to multiply in the fetal environment .
When he isolated the stem cells in the lab and cultured them in a dish by themselves , they died .
When he mixed them with these newly discovered cells , they thrived .
But how did these new cells manage to sustain the stem cells so dramatically ?
Zhang used a microarray platform to search for genes that were active in these newly discovered cells , but not active in similar neighboring cells .
Some such genes , he reasoned , might encode secreted proteins that sustained stem cells .
Eventually , he located a number of such genes .
In the fall of 2003 and early 2005 , Zhang reported in the journal Blood how one of these genes codes for a growth factor protein called IGF - 2 .
When Zhang purified IGF - 2 and added it in a solution to hematopoietic stem cells that he had isolated , the stem cells increased eight - fold in number .
Zhang then discovered that two more growth factor proteins , Angiopoietin - like 2 and –3 , abbreviated as angpt12 and angpt13 , were also abundantly expressed in these stem - cell supporting cells .
When Zhang combined these two proteins with IGF - 2 and added them to hematopoietic stem cells , the result was a 30 - fold increase .
“ People have been culturing and working with these cells for years , and never before have we seen such an increase , ” says Zhang .
A 30 - fold expansion , if replicated in human cells , could open up a number of doors for researchers working on adult stem cells .
Currently , patients with certain blood diseases are treated with stem cells .
These stem cells can be acquired either from a donor ’s bone marrow , or even from cord blood ( donated cord blood , or the patient ’s own ) .
Still , in both these cases , the actual number of stem cells from a donor often falls short of the number needed to adequately treat the patient .
This technique could directly address this problem .
Gene therapy is another area where these findings can be of immediate value , Lodish says .
With gene therapy , a genetic defect is corrected by administering a healthy version of the gene into a patient .
For example , a physician isolates hematopoietic stem cells from a patient , introduces a harmless virus into them that expresses a correct version of the mutated gene , and then re-administers the stem cells back into the patients .
While many clinical trials have succeeded , some ended tragically when the virus ended up activating a cancer - causing gene .
Because of this , the Food and Drug Administration is not currently approving any gene - therapy clinical trials .
“ If , before the stem cells have been re-introduced into the patients , the physicians could first multiply them in the lab , they could then run assays determining if the virus has landed in any undesirable places , ” says Lodish .
“ They could then discard those bad cells , and only administer the good ones to the patients . ”
But most importantly , these findings aid basic research .
“ We want to know all sorts of things , like what genes are active in this stem cell , or how this stem cell decides to develop into one kind of cell as opposed to another , ” says Lodish .
Lodish and his colleagues are collaborating with researchers at Lund University in Sweden to repeat these results with human cord blood .
Source : Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research
Schoolchildren have exploited loopholes in Britain 's arms controls by importing torture equipment including thumb and wall cuff restraint devices and a Chinese " sting stick " - a metal bar covered with spikes .
All that teenagers from Lord Williams 's school in Thame , Oxfordshire , needed was a letterhead , a mobile phone , an email address , and a little money .
They also set up a separate company in Ireland to avoid British controls on the sale of small arms .
The government says it is opposed to any trade in torture equipment , but bans only those items mentioned on a published list .
The wall cuffs from Poland , thumb cuffs from Taiwan , and sting stick from China do not appear on the list .
The pupils set up two companies , Williams Defence and Williams Defence ( Eire ) .
Through their Irish company they arranged deals to destinations covered by British and other national trade embargos , including the sale of Pakistani grenade launchers to Syria , Turkish guns to Mali , and South African rifles to Israel .
The Thame children got quotes but did not go ahead with the deals .
However , children from a school in Portloaise , near Dublin , succeeded in buying electric shock batons from Korea and leg irons from South Africa .
The ease with which British controls on trade in torture equipment and small arms can be evaded is exposed in a Dispatches programme , After School Arms Club , presented by Mark Thomas , to be broadcast on Channel 4 next Monday .
" It should not be legal , and yet we 've proved that children , who by law are not allowed to drink alcohol , can broker arms from countries along a trade route from Poland to China , Israel to South Africa .
And many of these arms are used against - or tragically even by - children , " said Maddy Fry , 16 , a pupil at Lord Williams 's school .
George Lear , head of citizenship at the school , said : " We were stunned by what we could achieve .
Nobody questioned us at any stage . "
Roger Berry , chairman of the Commons quadripartite committee which monitors export controls , said yesterday that Britain was in the absurd position where children could freely import equipment that could be used in torture while anyone could be arrested for carrying " offensive weapons " .
The pupils presented Malcolm Wicks , minister responsible for export controls , with the sting stick outside the Commons .
He has asked them for a report on how they managed to import the torture equipment so easily .
SAN FRANCISCO , Sept. 17 — Researchers plan to announce on Monday that they have created a silicon - based chip that can produce laser beams .
The advance will make it possible to use laser light rather than wires to send data between chips , removing the most significant bottleneck in computer design .
As a result , chip makers may be able to put the high - speed data communications industry on the same curve of increased processing speed and diminishing costs — the phenomenon known as Moore ’s law — that has driven the computer industry for the last four decades .
The development is a result of research at Intel , the world ’s largest chip maker , and the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Commercializing the new technology may not happen before the end of the decade , but the prospect of being able to place hundreds or thousands of data - carrying light beams on standard industry chips is certain to shake up both the communications and computer industries .
Lasers are already used to transmit high volumes of computer data over longer distances — for example , between offices , cities and across oceans — using fiber optic cables .
But in computer chips , data moves at great speed over the wires inside , then slows to a snail ’s pace when it is sent chip - to - chip inside a computer .
For what experts say is probably the first time , more American women are living without a husband than with one , according to a New York Times analysis of census results .
In 2005 , 51 percent of women said they were living without a spouse , up from 35 percent in 1950 and 49 percent in 2000 .
Coupled with the fact that in 2005 married couples became a minority of all American households for the first time , the trend could ultimately shape social and workplace policies , including the ways government and employers distribute benefits .
Several factors are driving the statistical shift .
At one end of the age spectrum , women are marrying later or living with unmarried partners more often and for longer periods .
At the other end , women are living longer as widows and , after a divorce , are more likely than men to delay remarriage , sometimes delighting in their newfound freedom .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2006 April 24
Star Clouds over Arizona
Credit & Copyright : Ulrich Beinert
Explanation :
The clouds in the foreground are much different than the clouds in the background .
In the foreground are a photogenic deck of Earth - based water clouds .
The long exposure used to create the above photograph makes the light from the left , reflected from Phoenix , Arizona , USA , appear like a sunset .
Far in the distance , however , are star clouds from the disk of our Milky Way Galaxy .
Billions of stars like our Sun live there , circling our Galactic center every 200 million years .
Contrast between the water clouds and the star clouds has been digitally enhanced .
Between the two , visible on the upper right , is the planet Jupiter .
From the Scientific American essay “ Murdercide : Science unravels the myth of suicide bombers “ :
Another method [ of reducing terrorism ] , says Princeton University economist Alan B. Krueger , is to increase the civil liberties of the countries that breed terrorist groups .
In an analysis of State Department data on terrorism , Krueger discovered that “ countries like Saudi Arabia and Bahrain , which have spawned relatively many terrorists , are economically well off yet lacking in civil liberties .
Poor countries with a tradition of protecting civil liberties are unlikely to spawn suicide terrorists .
Evidently , the freedom to assemble and protest peacefully without interference from the government goes a long way to providing an alternative to terrorism . ”
Let freedom ring .
The state government official who had been moving Massachusetts away from Microsoft Corp . ’s digital document formats has resigned .
Peter Quinn , Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , will quit his position , effective Jan. 9 , according to an internal memo obtained by the IDG News Service .
Quinn had been behind a drive to change state computers so that they would no longer store documents in proprietary formats such as those used by Microsoft Office and Lotus Notes .
Under a proposal drafted by Quinn ’s Information Technology Division ( ITD ) , in 2007 , the state would begin a move to the OpenDocument file format , an open , XML - based format used by a variety of products including IBM Workplace and StarOffice .
By championing the move away from Microsoft , Quinn became a hero to the open - source community , but he also attracted a level of public scrutiny that disrupted his private and professional life .
That attention played a role in his resignation , according to the memo .
“ Over the last several months , we have been through some very difficult and tumultuous times , ” he wrote in the memo , which was sent on the evening of Dec. 24 to staff within the ITD .
“ Many of these events have been very disruptive and harmful to my personal well being , my family and many of my closest friends .
This is a burden I will no longer carry . ”
According to observers , Quinn ’s support of OpenDocument had put him in a difficult position , which was made more difficult earlier this year , following the departure of his powerful supporter within Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney ’s administration , Administration and Finance Secretary Eric Criss .
The Romney administration recently launched an investigation into out - of - state trips taken by Quinn to speak at technology conferences over the past two years , following a report in the Boston Globe which questioned the appropriateness of such trips .
Quinn was found to have done nothing wrong following the investigation , according to the Globe .
“ I have become a lightning rod with regard to any IT initiative .
Even the smallest initiatives are being mitigated or stopped by some of the most unlikely and often uninformed parties , ” Quinn wrote in his memo .
“ The last thing I can let happen is my presence be the major contributing factor in marginalizing the good work of ITD and the entire IT community . ”
Whether Quinn ’s departure will help or hinder the state ’s move away from Microsoft remains to be seen .
Last month , Eric Criss ’s replacement , Tom Trimarco , said that the state is optimistic that a newly proposed Microsoft format called Office Open XML will meet the state ’s standards .
Microsoft has said that it plans to standardize Office Open XML through the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) .
By doing this , the company would open up the formats for its Word , Excel and PowerPoint products .
One Boston attorney who has been following the matter said that it may be hard for Massachusetts to move away from the OpenDocument format ( ODF ) now .
“ One could assume that whoever stands in for [ Quinn ] on January 10 would first and foremost want to just keep his or her head down and out of the line of fire , ” wrote Andrew Updegrove , an attorney with Gesmer Updegrove LLP in an e-mail interview .
“ But on the other hand , the [ story ] has been so well covered , both in the formal press as well as in IT blogs , and the issues have been so well developed , that I also do n’t think that the powers that be in the Commonwealth can simply declare victory and scuttle ODF , either . ”
Whatever the fallout from Quinn ’s resignation , it seems clear that the next year ’s developments in Massachusetts will be closely watched .
“ Massachusetts is the canary in the mine on this issue , ” John Palfrey , clinical professor of law and executive director of the Berkman Center on Internet and Society at the Harvard Law School , said recently .
“ If Massachusetts gets this right , others will follow . ”
China Martens in Boston contributed to this report
This story , " CIO who backed OpenDocument in Massachusetts resigns " was originally published by PCWorld .
Some sweet soul has put Powers of Ten online .
If you ’ve never seen it , I ca n’t recommend it enough :
Powers of Ten is a short film by Charles and Ray Eames , whose work you may have previously sat in .
The film starts on a picnic blanket in Chicago and zooms out 10 x every 10 seconds until the entire universe ( more or less ) is visible .
And then they zoom all the way back down into the nucleus of an atom .
A timeless classic .
( via youngna )
Update :
How in the hell did I miss this Powers of Ten Simpsons couch gag ?
( thx , ray and jeff )
The light from galaxies in the background has been warped and “ arced ” by the galaxy cluster Abell 1689 in the foreground , and perhaps with some help by either dark matter or a stronger type of gravity on this large scale .
Image Source : NASA , N. Benitez ( JHU ) , T. Broadhurst ( Racah Institute of Physics / The Hebrew University ) , H. Ford ( JHU ) , M. Clampin ( STScI ) , G. Hartig ( STScI ) , G. Illingworth ( UCO / Lick Observatory ) , the ACS Science Team and ESA .
In the standard theory of gravity — general relativity — dark matter plays a vital role , explaining many observations that the standard theory cannot explain by itself .
But for 70 years , cosmologists have never observed dark matter , and the lack of direct observation has created skepticism about what is really out there .
Lately , some scientists have turned the question around , from “ is dark matter correct ? ” to “ is our standard theory of gravity correct ? ”
Most recently , Fermilab scientists Scott Dodelson and former Brinson Fellow Michele Liguori demonstrated one of the first pieces of theoretical evidence that an alternative theory of gravity can explain the large scale structure of the universe .
“ To definitively claim that dark matter is the answer , we need to find it , ” Dodelson explained to PhysOrg.com .
“ We can do this in one of three ways : produce it in the lab ( which might happen at Fermilab , the soon - to - start LHC , or ultimately the International Linear Collider ) , see a pair of dark matter particles annihilate and produce high energy photons ( there are about a half dozen experiments designed to look for this ) , or see a dark matter particle bump a nucleus in a large underground detector ( again , about 10 experiments are looking for this ) .
Until one or more of these things happen , skeptics are still allowed .
…
After they happen , skeptics will become crackpots . ”
Although cosmologists have never directly observed dark matter , they have many good reasons for not giving up hope .
The ways that galaxies rotate and starlight bends ( gravitational lensing ) stray from predictions based on visible matter .
Further , the formation of large cosmic structures ( such as galaxies and galaxy clusters ) would have required significantly large matter perturbations when the Universe was less than a million years old that simply do n’t exist in a theory of general relativity before “ tacking on ” dark matter .
“ It is extremely important to see how well a no - dark - matter cosmology does , ” said Dodelson .
“ [ In the standard theory , ] we are asking the community to believe in the existence of a particle that has never been seen .
We have to be damned sure that you can't explain the universe without this huge leap .
Our Figure 1 [ see citation below ] illustrates that , in standard gravity , a no - dark - matter model does not do well at all . ”
While altering the theory of gravity may seem like pulling the rug out from under a century of observations and pain - staking calculations , an alternative theory may simply be “ more correct ” than today ’s standard theory .
Just as Einstein ’s theory was “ more correct ” than Newton ’s because it improved upon the older one by noticing more specific details ( e.g. extraordinary masses and speeds ) , a new alternative theory may only drastically change gravity at certain scales .
“ Perhaps a fundamental theory of gravity which differs from general relativity on large scales can explain the observations without recourse to new , unobserved particles , ” wrote Dodelson and Liguori in their study published in Physical Review Letters .
“ Now more than ever before , there are very good reasons to explore this idea of modifying gravity .
For , the case of dark energy also hinges on the assumption that general relativity describes gravity on larges scales .
Dark energy is even more difficult to explain than dark matter , so it seems almost natural to look at gravity as the culprit in both cases . ”
The new theory ( or groundwork for it ) under investigation would be Jacob Bekenstein ’s relativistic covariant theory of gravity ( TeVeS ) , published in 2004 .
Bekenstein based his theory on a modified version of Newtonian theory from the early ‘ 80s , dependent on gravitational acceleration and called modified Newtonian dynamics ( MOND ) by its founder , Mordecai Milgrom .
“ MOND , the original theory on which TeVeS is based , was already quite successful at explaining galactic dynamics ( even better , in some cases , than the dark matter paradigm ) , but it failed completely at explaining other observations — gravitational lensing in particular , ” explained Liguori .
“ For this reason , it could n't be considered a real alternative to dark matter .
Bekenstein ’s theory , by generalizing MOND , retains its good features while overcoming its main problems at the same time .
This makes TeVeS a much more interesting theory than MOND .
It is then worthwhile ( and necessary ) to test TeVeS ’ predictions in detail and compare them to the standard dark matter paradigm to see if TeVeS can be a viable alternative . ”
Dodelson and Liguori find Bekenstein ’s theory intriguing in this context because , for one , the gravitational acceleration scale in the theory is very close to that required for the observed acceleration of the Universe .
The scale is also very similar to that proposed in “ post hoc ” theories such as dark energy .
Even more interesting is the fact that the origins of Bekenstein ’s theory had nothing to do with cosmic acceleration .
But the feature of Bekenstein ’s theory that Dodelson and Liguori focus on most is that the theory — unlike standard general relativity — allows for fast growth of density perturbations arising from small inhomogeneities during recombination .
Building on this finding from scientists Skordis et al. earlier this year , Dodelson and Liguori have found which aspect of the theory actually causes the enhanced growth — the part that may solve the cosmological structure problem .
The pair has discovered that , while Bekenstein ’s theory has three functions which characterize space - time — a tensor , vector and scalar ( TeVeS ) — it ’s the perturbations in the vector field that are key to the enhanced growth .
General relativity describes space - time with only a tensor ( the metric ) , so it does not include these vector perturbations .
“ The vector field solves only the enhanced growth problem , ” said Dodelson .
“ It does so by exploiting a little - known fact about gravity .
In our solar system or galaxy , when we attack the problem of gravity , we solve the equation for the Newtonian potential .
Actually , there are two potentials that characterize gravity : the one usually called the Newtonian potential and the perturbation to the curvature of space .
These two potentials are almost always very nearly equal to one another , so it is not usually necessary to distinguish them .
“ In the case of TeVeS , the vector field sources the difference between the two , ” he continued .
“ As it begins to grow , the difference between the two potentials grows as well .
This is ultimately what drives the overdense regions to accrete more matter than in standard general relativity .
The quite remarkable thing about this growth is that Bekenstein introduced the vector field for his own completely independent reasons .
As he remarked to me , ‘ Sometimes theories are smarter than their creators . ’ "
Dodelson and Liguori see this solution to large structure formation as an important step for a gravity theory based on baryon - only matter .
Other problems that their theory ( or any alternative theory ) will have to confront include accounting for the mismatch in galaxy clusters between mass and light .
Also , the theory must conform to at least two observations : the galaxy power spectrum on large scales , and the cosmic microwave background fluctuations , which correspond to baby galaxies and galaxy clusters .
“ As Scott says , until dark matter will be observed , skeptics will be allowed , ” said Liguori .
“ Despite the many and impressive successes of the dark matter paradigm , which make it very likely to be correct , we still do n't have any final and definitive answer .
In light of this , it is important to keep an eye open for possible alternative explanations .
Even when , after the analysis , alternative theories turn out to be wrong , the result is still important , as it strengthen the evidence for dark matter as the only possible explanation of observations . ”
Citation : Dodelson , Scott and Liguori , Michele .
“ Can Cosmic Structure Form without Dark Matter ? ” Physical Review Letters 97 , 231301 ( 2006 ) .
By Lisa Zyga , Copyright 2006 PhysOrg.com
Explore further New analysis of black hole reveals a wobbling shadow
none
loading
loading
loading
loading
loading
loading
RSS Reader
Protopage is an award winning RSS reader .
Use it to read RSS feeds , keep bookmarks , sticky notes and to share information .
What is RSS
RSS news
Web portal
Use Protopage to read RSS news feeds , RSS feeds from blogs and from other RSS podcasts and cartoon / video feeds .
Protopage uses the latest Web 2.0 technology to deliver RSS widgets to you as part of an Ajax dashboard start page .
We are awarded as one of the top 101 best free web apps by PC World magazine .
Protopage can be used as an intranet dashboard , an intranet portal , employee portal or web portal .
After a couple of minutes , two young boys approach the tourist .
Then two more appear , an older boy holding on to another of no more than four or five .
He is carrying a bundle of possessions in a plastic bag .
The meeting has obviously been prearranged .
The tourist calmly takes the hands of two of the younger boys , one of whom is wearing the tourist 's motorcycle helmet .
The older boy walks slightly in front of them .
Few words are exchanged and the group moves off .
The children look happy , skipping along the pavement to keep up .
Cambodia is a country that has gained a reputation as a haven for sex tourists .
Phnom
Penh is described by some as " one giant brothel " .
As in other countries , there is a spectrum here .
At one end are women who have decided - in the absence of other choices - to engage in sex work .
At the other are children who are used against their will for the sexual gratification of adults .
We follow the group through a maze of back streets , then lose them as they enter a fairground .
Perhaps the tourist 's intentions are honourable , perhaps he is not a paedophile .
Later , we show photographs of the group to Stephanie Remion , director of Action Pour Les Enfants , an NGO ( non-governmental organisation ) that tracks tourists who come to Cambodia to sexually abuse children .
" Yes , I think I recognise these children as ones who have been exploited by paedophiles before , " she says .
She does n't recognise the man .
In a country ranked among the 20 poorest in the world , dollar income from prostitution is highly valued , particularly by the pimps and brothel owners .
A virgin of 12 or 13 can be sold to a brothel for $ 500 ( £ 280 ) .
A foreign tourist who wants to hire her for several days can expect to pay around $ 1,000 ( £ 560 ) .
The money paid to street boys and their fixers varies , but is far more than the children earn from months of begging and scavenging .
So lucrative is the trade that many who should be policing or prosecuting this kind of activity accept bribes to cast a blind eye .
The average salary of a police officer is around $ 25 ( £ 14 ) per month .
Those in pursuit of girls can usually find them in brothels ; those who want boys tend to recruit them directly on the street .
Phnom Penh alone has an estimated 24,000 street children ; many live with their parents , but 2,000 have little or no contact with their families and are willing to do almost anything to earn their next meal .
The boys picked up by paedophiles tend to combine this " part - time " work with shoe - shining and scavenging for recyclable rubbish .
Sex for sale , and Aids , became established here in 1992 when Untac ( UN Transitional Authority in Cambodia ) arrived to stabilise the country following the devastation of the Pol Pot era and the subsequent Vietnamese occupation .
Nowadays , a guesstimate puts 2.6 % of the 13 m Cambodian population as infected with HIV - although the real figure is likely to be higher - and at least a third are thought to be children under 18 .
Bopha found herself in a brothel two years ago , at the age of 15 .
By that time , Untac had gone and the soldier sex buyers had been replaced by Cambodian men and foreign tourists .
It all started for Bopha when she was 14 and fell in with a bad crowd at school who encouraged her to play truant , ride motorcycles around Phnom Penh and sing in karaoke bars .
She comes from a poor family , but her new friends always had money available .
She is 17 now , and thin and frail .
She looks too weak even to cry as her mother , Nuch , strokes her hair .
She and her mother have moved into the home of her sister in a village on the outskirts of Phnom Penh .
The dirt track is lined with small , ramshackle houses , most without electricity or running water .
Bopha recalls how she ignored her mother 's pleas to concentrate on her studies .
One day her friends proposed a trip to the coastal town of Kampong Som , instead of going to school .
She readily agreed , and she and three companions , two boys and a girl , spent the day lying on the beach and exploring the town .
Her friends found a guesthouse for the night and told her they'd be back shortly with some dinner .
But they never returned .
She discovered that the guesthouse was a brothel - her so - called friends had sold her for $ 400 ( £ 224 ) .
The brothel owner told Bopha she'd have to work off her " debt " .
The woman was married to a policeman , but he was rarely seen at the brothel .
Bopha was paralysed with horror - she barely knew what sex was .
" The first night a large man came into my room and raped me .
After that I was forced to receive between five and 10 customers a day .
Some of the men said they felt sorry for me because I was so young , but it did n't stop them having sex with me and none of them helped me to escape . "
Cambodian men had sex with her at the brothel , while western men preferred to take her to their hotel rooms .
" The brothel owner 's nephew used to accompany me with a translator to the hotels of the white men .
Sometimes they put pornographic films in the video machine and tried to make me copy what was going on .
If I did n't do what a customer wanted , he would go out of the hotel room and tell the translator ...
Then the nephew would beat me .
The western men always asked for the youngest girls with the darkest skin , and they did n't want to use condoms . "
At the brothel she became sick with fever and diarrhoea .
A doctor diagnosed typhoid and prescribed medication , which did n't help at all .
Bopha made various unsuccessful attempts to escape , but one day , when she was outside washing clothes , a taxi driver offered to take her to the bus station and gave her money to get home .
Her mother was delighted to be reunited , but shocked by how ill Bopha was and took her to hospital .
HIV was diagnosed .
A social worker from World Vision , the largest NGO in Cambodia , approached her while she was in hospital and offered the family a lifeline .
They were given a sewing machine and now make a modest income from sewing sarongs .
But Bopha has little hope for the future .
" Before I was diagnosed with HIV , I did n't know what it was .
Now it has made me so weak that the next time I have diarrhoea , I 'm scared I 'll never get out of bed again . "
Poverty is the immediate impetus for the sex trade , but the legacy of Khmer Rouge rule in the late 1970s , which resulted in the genocide of between 1.7 m and 2.2 m Cambodians , has also played a huge role .
Under Pol Pot , the Khmer Rouge outlawed family life , most possessions , education and intellectuals .
Forced labour became mandatory and children as young as five were separated from their families and put to work .
Cambodia today is eerily empty of older people .
Sixty per cent of the population is now under 24 and more than half the population is believed still to suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder .
Such is the fear of a coup by another Pol Pot that some have moved close to the borders so they can quickly escape .
In this still - shattered country , tourism is a vital source of income .
Cambodia has obvious appeal to visitors - an " undiscovered " destination with stunning temples and beautiful beaches .
There is also its macabre recent history , documented at the genocide museum and at the Killing Fields .
Above all , there is Cambodia 's growing reputation as a sex tourism destination .
This is a country where those who exploit children can get away with it .
The governments of Thailand and the Philippines , traditional hunting grounds for foreign paedophiles , have strengthened laws to protect children ; the Cambodian government , too , has pledged to take a tough line but , in practice , widespread corruption allows many to escape justice .
Stephanie Remion says that the going rate to escape punishment for paedophile crimes is $ 20,000 ( £ 11,200 ) .
One foreigner living in Cambodia was arrested then released without charge , despite police finding thousands of sadistic pornographic images of Cambodian children in his possession .
In another case , a tourist was caught in his hotel room with a group of young boys , his camera loaded with incriminating pictures .
The case went to court but a judge cleared him .
Subsequently , human rights activists lodged an appeal and the man was convicted of debauchery and sentenced to 10 years .
Now he is appealing .
According to researchers Julia O'Connell Davidson and Jacqueline Sanchez Taylor , who specialise in the study of sex tourism , not all the sex tourists who visit the bars are hardened paedophiles .
Some are opportunists who delude themselves about the child 's true age or the nature of the child 's consent .
O'Connell Davidson and Sanchez Taylor have identified three categories of sex tourists : Macho Man is often young , semi-skilled , travels in groups and is likely to visit prostitutes in the UK ; Mr Average is usually older and interested in simulating a relationship ; and Cosmopolitan Man views himself as a worldly - wise traveller visiting offbeat locations who would not buy sex elsewhere in the world .
One reason these men end up with children under 18 may be because they 're so highly represented in the sector .
The underage girls who work in brothels are often illiterate .
They usually move from countryside to town to find work to support their families , begin with a legitimate job at a restaurant or market , maybe , then get tricked into the brothels with inducements of earning much greater sums of money .
Because they have been sold for several hundred dollars , and have to " repay " the purchase price , they rarely see the money they earn .
Neang was 14 and her sister 16 when their mother remarried .
Her new husband stopped working and took up drinking , and the girls collected firewood to sell locally to help feed the family .
One day a neighbour told them there were jobs going in a soup restaurant in a town some distance away where they could earn far more .
The girls left without telling their mother , intending to send home their earnings .
Both got jobs , Neang with a salary of $ 10 ( £ 5.50 ) a month , her sister $ 12 ( £ 6.50 ) .
At first the work went well , but after some weeks the restaurant owner forced Neang 's sister to go off with a customer in his car .
" She was gone for five days and when she came back she was holding her stomach and complaining she felt sick .
She told me the man was a customs officer who kept her captive in a hotel room for five days . "
Neang discovered that all the girls who worked at the restaurant were forced to have sex with customers , and after three months she , too , despite her screams of protest , found herself bundled into a customer 's car .
" The man drove me to Phnom Penh and took me to a room on the top floor of a guesthouse .
He went out and came back with a fruit shake for me , which I drank .
Then I felt very sleepy .
For part of the time I lost consciousness , and when I was awake I felt too drowsy to focus properly .
I was awake enough to know the man was raping me , though . "
After a few days , the man drove Neang back to the restaurant .
There , another customer promised her a job in a clothing factory in Phnom Penh .
Such jobs , supplying high - street chainstores across Europe and north America , are well - paid and highly prized - Neang agreed .
" I was taken to an area where I could see lots of girls all wearing nice clothes .
I said to one of them : ' Where 's the garment factory ? '
She replied : ' This is a factory , but it 's not for clothes . '
She told me that I had been sold to a brothel . "
When Neang refused customers , men she describes as " gangsters " who policed the brothel beat her with electric flex .
" The brothel owner told me I had to receive 10 customers a day .
He injected me with a white powder , which he mixed with water .
I do n't know what it was , but it made me feel happier and more willing to receive customers . "
It was probably methamphetamine , a drug whose use has exploded in Cambodia in the past few years .
Neang , the youngest in the brothel , still resisted and eventually she was sold on to another brothel .
Here she was expected to service 30 customers a day .
Her punishment for refusing customers was food deprivation .
By now she was addicted to the drugs she had been injected with .
" The drug made my body no longer feel part of me .
It blocked everything out .
I did n't think of my sister or my mother or anything . "
Three times Neang tried to escape and three times the brothel gangsters caught her .
After two years she was rescued during a police raid and was placed in a shelter .
There she came off drugs , with difficulty , and was referred to Neavear Thmey , a trauma recovery project run by World Vision .
For Neang , stepping through the high gates , which shield the girls from prying outsiders , was like entering a new world .
From the swings and climbing frames to the pretty garden and murals on the walls , the centre - where girls spend between six months and a year - is intended to embody the innocence of childhood .
The girls sleep in small groups , each with a house parent , in an environment as much like family life as possible .
The centre has taken in girls as young as six .
All arrive at the shelter malnourished , and 12 % are infected with HIV .
" The girls sometimes cut themselves and we have to put netting on the roof to prevent them from attempting suicide by jumping off , " says Sovandara Somchan , manager of Neaver Thmey .
Learning a skill is a priority .
Girls may also be given a cow to take back to their families to allow them to become self - sufficient , or a bicycle so that they can attend school .
Neang was given an HIV test at the centre .
" When I heard the test was positive , I wanted to go out on to the road , get hit by a car and die , " she says .
Now she is beginning to come to terms with her diagnosis and hopes that , in due course , she will be eligible for one of the free places for anti-retroviral treatment offered by the government .
She has been reunited with her mother and is back in her village , gathering firewood again .
" My mother was so happy to see me .
We were hugging and kissing and crying .
After my sister and I disappeared , my mother consulted a fortune - teller , who told her I was dead .
She says that having me back is like having her daughter reborn . "
Neang 's future is uncertain , but at least for now she feels safe .
She has no idea what happened to her sister .
Back at one of the bars not far from Sisowath Quay , the tourists are at play .
As usual , there are three times as many Cambodian and Vietnamese sex workers as white , male visitors , and plentiful beer and football games on a big screen close by .
For ordinary Cambodian women , it would be dishonourable to set foot in one of these places ; for Cambodian men , it would be culturally alien and very expensive .
Many of the girls for sale look no more than 15 .
Bob , a thin , white - haired American man in his 60s , says that he is self - employed and spends part of the year in the US and part here .
Like many of the men in the bars , he is a regular .
He tells me proudly that he has " had " half the girls at the bar and that , while some men end up paying $ 10 for them , he can get them for as little as $ 5 .
" All the men at this bar are here for one reason and one reason only . "
He winks .
" Most of the girls are doing this for their families .
They send a lot of the money they earn home . "
Does it bother him that so many of the girls look no more than 15 ?
" Well , they 're supposed to be 18 to work here , but who knows ? " he says , shrugging .
At another bar , a large group of Scottish men in their 40s and 50s stand laughing and playing pool .
One by one they pair off with the girls who approach them .
An American man shakes my hand .
He , too , is happy to explain how things work .
While he chats , the Vietnamese girl he has selected to spend the night with sits patiently on her bar stool , a smile soldered to her face .
He is a regular visitor .
His business on the US east coast is seasonal and in winter he heads for the 90 degree - plus ( 32C ) temperatures of Cambodia .
He is travelling with a friend who is wealthy enough to take a couple of months off for an annual visit to Cambodia .
The pair visit brothels together .
He makes a moral distinction between himself and his preference for " a mature woman who understands what sex is all about " and his fellow tourists who seek out eight - and nine - year - old children .
" Those guys who come here for the girls and boys of that age should be taken out and shot . "
Christian Guth , a former French senior police officer , now an adviser to the ministry of interior in Cambodia , believes there has been an improvement - the government is doing more than it once did to clamp down on foreign abusers .
" Five years ago , the police laughed when we expressed concern about men having sex with 14 - year - old girls , because it was something they did themselves .
The first obstacle to change was their mindset .
We have n't got 100 % commitment , but we have identified a few officers in each area of the country who are really committed . "
In 2002 an anti-human trafficking and juvenile protection department was established .
It is , however , hard to find evidence of a crackdown .
The number of arrests of men for sexually abusing children was 401 last year , but only 18 of them were foreigners .
The men come from a variety of European countries , from New Zealand , Australia , North America and Japan .
The youngest was 28 , the oldest 69 .
Many are professionals , including two retired military officers , several teachers of English in Cambodia and a chemistry professor .
The ages of the children abused range from seven to 15 .
The vast majority of charges are dropped even when the men are caught in a sex act with a child .
There are currently fewer than half a dozen convicted foreign paedophiles in Cambodian jails , while three US citizens have been extradited to their own country to stand trial .
A handful of other men are in jail in their own countries , including two in the UK .
Guth acknowledges the pervasive corruption .
" A lawyer might say to the family of a child who lodges a complaint against a paedophile that if they drop the complaint , the offender will give them anything from a few hundred dollars to $ 2,000 . "
He wants to be optimistic , but admits that the number of sexually exploited children is increasing .
Not only are there more tourists , there 's also a new category of Khmer middle - class man who now has the money to pay for sex .
Another problem is that the government seems less determined to stamp out child prostitution than the NGOs are .
" The penalties here are much less harsh than in Thailand , and the sex is less expensive . "
Some girls who were forced into prostitution do manage to put the rapes and beatings behind them and start a new life .
Sovandara Somchan proudly points to photographs on his office wall of girls who have launched successful careers as hairdressers or seamstresses after a period at Neavear Thmey .
Pov , 17 , hoped that she , too , could make a new start .
She was tricked into a brothel at the age of 14 while selling lotus flowers on the riverfront in Phnom Penh .
Like Neang , she was distraught when she became sick and diagnosed with HIV .
" I knew that somehow I had to run away , " she says .
She succeeded by climbing out of a window and running to the local market .
A porridge - seller helped her hide and gave her money to get a bus home to her mother .
Pov 's priority now , as it was before she went into the brothel , is to earn enough to eat for whatever time she has left to live .
" Because I have Aids , getting married and having children is no longer an option for me . "
She has , she says , one simple dream .
" If I knew I had just one week left to live , what I 'd like to do most of all is go into town and buy all the fruits I adore and eat them - fruits like apples , which do n't grow on the trees in my village . "
Some names have been changed .
When faced with the world of 21st Century Television , different networks do different things to bring audiences to their shows .
In the past couple of weeks we ’ve learned that FOX will continue to ruin the baseball playoffs ; ABC wants to disable the fast - forward button on DVRs and CBS is going to advertise on food .
Lame lame lame .
( Actually , I recognize that the FOX / MLB partnership is shrewd from the marketing standpoint ; it ’s just that I ’m a lifelong baseball fan who recoils in horror at being faced with Tim McCarver , those dopey “ Sounds of the Game ” and sitcom stars in box seats every goddamn October until 2053 or whenever it is . )
So just when you ’d figure that NBC would also come up with some kind of dumbass stunt or idea of their own , they actually go in the complete opposite direction and do something very very smart .
And simple .
Basically , they are going to take several of their new fall shows and rebroadcast them on their sister cable networks , like USA , Bravo and Sci-Fi .
That ’s all .
But that ’s everything : maximize your audience by going out and finding it , not sitting there and waiting for it to find you .
I just doubt that audiences are going to flock to shows because they ’re eating legumes laser - etched with a “ funny ” slogans like Do n’t sit there like a vegetable , watch CBS .
The only bad thing I can say about NBC ’s plan is that it does n’t go far enough : it looks like the sister networks are only going to widespread the premiere episodes of these shows , not the full seasons .
What does go far enough is that they are also going to create websites with video and written recaps of every episode of these shows .
What NBC seems to be saying is that your only excuse to not watch one of their shows is because you think it sucks .
Which , of course , they very well might , but that ’s a whole ‘ nother story .
On top of the recent deals with YouTube & NetFlix ; The Office Webisodes ; and the picking up of Nobody ’s Watching , it shows that , of all of the broadcast networks , NBC is making serious attempt to adapt to how people watch TV in the here and now ( and maybe even the here and later ) instead of figuring out ways of turning back the clock a half - century .
Tis good on paper , we ’ll have to see how this all plays out as the season unfolds .
Now , if we can just get same - night , first - run episodes of season three of Battlestar Galactica on their HD NBCU channel . . .
The celebrity baby boom of 2006 has officially come and gone , and some of its products -- Suri , Shiloh , Sutton Pierce -- are ( we presume ) bouncily moon - faced , bright - eyed , happy , and fat .
But if Angelina , Katie , and Britney thought that carrying the child and then giving birth was tough , getting back into tip - top Tinseltown shape might even be tougher ( just ask Brit ) .
We enlisted the help of professional celeb offspring observer Danielle Friedland of Celebrity Baby Blog to run down how star mommies might regain their famous forms .
Work Those Abs , Girl
Friedland points out that the great thing about being a celebrity mom is that once you have your kid , you can hire a small army of nannies and handler to actually take care of the child ( because who has time for that ? ) so you can go about getting into shape with yet another small army of trainers .
As TMZ told you recently , Tom Cruise has made it his Mission : Important to get Katie Holmes into great shape for their impending wedding , and he sees to it that her strict workout schedule is n't interrupted by , say , diaper - changing .
Frankly , it appears to be working : Katie looked svelte and slender on a recent trip to Paris , not an easy task when you 're strolling around with the skeletal Victoria Beckham .
No More Eating For Two
Often the biggest culprit in celeb moms packing on pounds is that common misperception that pregnant women need to " eat for two . "
In fact , as Friedland tells us , a woman with child really only needs 300 extra calories per day .
So after giving birth , stars have flocked to customized diets to help them eat what they need without undue restriction and effort .
Emmy - winning songtress Michelle Branch , for instance , enlisted the help of Fresh Dining , an LA - based diet delivery outfit that provides gourmet - caliber ( but not gourmet - calorie - count ) meals and snacks daily to stars ' doorsteps .
Branch says it helped her shed her baby weight in mere weeks , and TV star McKenzie Westmore used Fresh Dining to drop the poundage as well , while Nicollette Sheridan , Tori Spelling and " Grey 's Anatomy 's " Kate Walsh have also ordered up chef Michael Bowen 's healthy - tasty creations .
The Breast May Be Best
You may be surprised to know that a fine way , says Friedland , for celeb moms to help lose weight is actually by nursing .
Gwyneth Paltrow , an advocate of nursing , apparently dropped pounds while doling out the milk to her babies Apple and Moses , and Jennifer Garner has been successful in burning off the baby - producing fat by breast - feeding her daughter Violet .
" When you 're nursing , you burn off 500 calories , " says Friedland , who has a one - year - old of her own , and says she 's lost 20 pounds off her pre-pregnancy weight as she feeds her newborn .
We 're Still Waiting
Then , frankly , there are the cases where celeb moms just can't seem to lose the weight .
Pierce Brosnan 's wife Keely Shaye Smith went through a very public ordeal in trying to drop her pregnancy pounds , while Britney Spears -- who got pregnant twice in the space of 11 months -- is working feverishly to try to get back in shape , though her seeming addiction to Taco Bell ( and other fast foods ) has certainly made things much more difficult for the pop starlet .
And , if all else fails , the celebrity mother can just have it all that extra poundage neatly tucked away by the magic of plastic surgery , as Britney is rumored to have done .
Related
Most of Liechtenstein is remote Alpine landscape
Modern measuring methods proved that Liechtenstein 's borders are 1.9 km ( 1.2 miles ) longer than previously thought .
The border has been changed in some of the more remote corners of the mainly mountainous state , which has now grown in size by 0.5sq km ( 123 acres ) .
Liechtenstein , population 35,000 , now boasts 77.9 km ( 48.3 miles ) of borders , an area of 160 sq km ( 62 sq miles ) .
The newly - discovered territory is equivalent to about the size of 50 football pitches .
Sixth smallest
Announcing its territorial expansion , the government of Liechtenstein said that some areas of the Alpine nation had never been properly measured until now .
Liechtenstein's royal family kept the principality neutral during both world wars , and then developed a reputation as a tax haven in the decades afterwards .
The current ruler , Prince Hans - Adam II , has a vast personal fortune and is said to be one of the richest heads of state in the world .
Despite its new - found territory , Liechtenstein is the sixth smallest independent state in the world , larger than only the Vatican City , Monaco , San Marino , and the Pacific island nations of Tuvalu and Nauru .
The next largest nation , the Marshall Islands , is some 20sq km bigger than Liechtenstein , and appears in little danger of being overtaken any time soon .
Broadband is not just a luxury , it 's a necessity , according to a new report by In - Stat .
Users from six different " lifestyle " groups in both the US and Canada were surveyed , and all six segments rated broadband " the communication service they can least live without . "
The survey , which was conducted of 1,000 multi-person households split between the US and Canada , found that there is great diversity among homes with broadband in North America — much more than typically thought , according to In - Stat analyst Keith Nissen .
" Interests , activities , adoption of new technology and decision making behavior are very different " between households , he told Ars , but they all influenced the decision to use broadband at home .
While it may be easy to assume that broadband is preferred most among a younger , more tech - savvy generation , older adults have unique interests and more disposable income than young households .
My grandmother may not need to research the latest graphics card , but she reports that she absolutely requires broadband in order to play bridge with her friends online .
Nissen says that the fact that broadband is the most valued home service among a diverse population proves that " technology adoption and attitudes can change rather rapidly , and are independent of age , income , education . "
Additionally , the survey found that a great majority of broadband households in North America — 72 percent — already had some sort of cable service .
" Leading edge adopters of technology are rapidly becoming cable triple play customers " said Nissen , adding that those customers are going to be difficult to entice away by telcos and IPTV adoption will be slow as a result — that is , until telecoms convince customers that their broadband service is the best .
Even more of those surveyed — 85 percent — reportedly favor " quadruple play " service , which would provide television , voice , broadband , and wireless phone service to households .
With broadband being considered an absolute necessity and over three - quarters of respondents indicating that they want to subscribe to quadruple play service , providers who are already clamoring to add triple play customers would n't mind throwing in another money - maker to the collection .
" [ Broadband ] is the key to success in next - generation telecom markets , " Nissen said .
To anyone who reads
Ars , these findings are probably obvious .
For many consumers , broadband is quickly becoming a utility , not a luxury .
When moving into my most recent apartment , I had broadband days before I could take a warm shower .
What would happen if broadband was actually considered a utility by the government , though ?
Would it become regulated , and how would that affect customers ?
On one hand , most utilities such as water , gas , and electricity are services that are required for people 's day - to - day living , and while some of us may try to argue otherwise , we can live without broadband .
However , another service that we do n't necessarily need to live is the telephone .
Telephone service was once considered a utility that is still subject to government regulation in most states .
If phone service was so ubiquitous that it fell under government regulation as a utility , could n't broadband eventually get to that point as well ?
Proponents of broadband regulation argue that broadband as a utility would mean the government would work to ensure that access reaches everywhere , including rural areas that would otherwise not get broadband access due to the low ROI in implementing it there .
Opponents to broadband regulation fear that the costs of installing it in these sparsely - populated areas will just be passed onto customers in metropolitan areas in the form of hidden fees —
" However they can legally recoup it , they will , " one broadband user said .
Meanwhile Back In Space
The most striking thing about the newly updated space exploration plan from NASA is what it leaves out .
Other than the sensible decision to reuse the main engines and solid rocket boosters , it 's as though the Space Shuttle never happened .
Earlier proposals for a crew exploration vehicle ( CEV ) had shown a little stubby lifting body design , a kind of shuttle fetus , that would glide back to earth much like the current orbiter .
But the latest , authorative design is an exact copy of the Apollo capsule , scaled up to hold six astronauts .
Instead of coasting down on tile - protected wings , it drops on a ballistic trajectory , protected by an ablative heat shield .
Using the Apollo capsule design means NASA can build on old research data from the Apollo program while stuffing the vehicle with the latest in structural and avionics wizardry .
But it also sends a not - so - subtle signal that the Shuttle era is over , and there 's not much from it worth keeping .
Just in case the signal was n't clear enough , NASA Administrator Michael Griffin even went on record to say that the Shuttle program , along with the International Space Station , was a mistake .
While Griffin had made such comments before , this was the first time he has said so as head of the agency , and he was quickly forced to issue a contrite and effusive letter to his staff explaining how , when he said that that dress made their butt look fat , what he realy meant was quite different , and they they had completely misunderstood him , and that some people had misconstrued his words in the worst possible way , twisting them out of context , for which he was genuinely sorry .
The news did n't get any better when the " tiger team " analyzing the foam shedding from the Discovery launch released its TPS report ( thermal protection system , no joke ) .
The report explains , in exhaustive detail , that :
a ) no one really understands how foam physics works
b ) it 's probably not helping to have workers stomping on it all the time during processing .
It would be easy to criticize negligent work habits for the foam shedding , but the real problem seems to be that the foam is far more fragile than anyone anticipated .
When damage occurs , it 's invisible and permanent .
Unfortunately , the materials science of foam is in its infancy , and solutions to the problem are strictly voodoo : learn how to apply the foam with automated equipment , keep anyone from touching it more than absolutely necessary , get away from using it as soon as possible , stop hanging spacecraft on the sides of fuel tanks .
It has n't been a good year for the Space Shuttle .
Hurricanes are hitting the key Shuttle processing centers , the foam problem is intractable , and there is increasing political pressure to cut funding for the Shuttle program , along with the ISS .
Even the celebrated Return to Flight resulted in a Return to Grounding before the Discovery had time to make more than a few proper orbits , and at present , the earliest possible date for a second launch has been pushed back to May 6th .
This raises the interesting possibility that the Return to Flight will become an annual celebration , like Veterans '
Day , as shuttles go up and are promptly grounded to fix problems that would never have been spotted without new scrutiny recommended by the previous year 's investigating commission .
It also raises the question of how NASA plans to get 28 Shuttle missions into space before the orbiter is officially grounded in 2010 .
Assuming the May launch date were to hold , orbiters would have to go up every two and a half months to meet that deadline , a pace NASA has never been able to sustain for that number of missions .
Meanwhile , up on the ISS , they 're having problems of their own .
Not only did they just say goodbye to the third millionaire space tourist , whose presence makes a mockery of the station as a scientific research platform , but they can't even find his digital camera , which got lost ( or stolen ! ) sometime during his six - day stay .
And it 's looking less and less likely that the ISS is ever going to grow past its current , cramped configuration .
There are signs that Michael Griffin is planning to cut the number of Shuttle flights down to eight ( seven to supply the ISS , one to upgrade the Hubble ) , and possibly fewer , by instituting a procedure called serial processing .
This means Shuttles would be prepared for flight one at a time , rather than by multiple ground crews , and it would limit the theoretical number of flights to two a year ( still double the current rate ) while drastically cutting personnel on the ground .
This is very bad news for NASA 's foreign partners , who have spent billions building ISS components with the understanding that NASA would shoot them into space , but it may actually be great news for the manned space program .
No one can explain what the completed space station is supposed to do , after all , that justifies the enormous cost of finishing it .
And it might just be possible that Griffin will assign all those redundant Shuttle workers to building the CEV .
An earlier version of the Vision for Space Exploration - NASA 's long - term master plan - had been a Baroque nightmare involving something called spirals of capability ( the object of an excellent critique by Zubrin ) , a defense - procurement concept that required five generations of equipment before the agency could land an astronaut on Mars .
The spiral plan was crazy .
Its sheer complexity made the Space Shuttle look like an elegant hack .
To give you just a taste , the first manned mission back to the Moon required no fewer than four closely - spaced launches , followed by four orbital rendezvous , to accomplish in eight steps what Apollo had done in two .
Not only were there two distinct flavors of Moon mission , short - stay and long stay , using different equipment , but the equipment to be developed for the long Moon missions was not the equipment that would go to Mars .
And the plan even anticipated a manned Mars flyby , sending a fully crewed vehicle at terrific expense all the way out to the red planet , only to turn around without landing and return to Earth .
Moreover , the whole plan was infested with robots - robots to clean the space station , robots to explore the Moon , robots to do spacewalks , robots to carry space luggage .
Mind you , I am not a bigot , and I have absolutely nothing against robots .
But for Administrator Sean O'Keefe , the robots became a bit of a weird fixation .
O'Keefe , you may recall , was the political genius who cancelled the Shuttle mission to upgrade the Hubble telescope , the most beloved piece of scientific apparatus in the world , on the grounds that it was too dangerous to fly anywhere but to the Space Station .
Since the Hubble is one of the most useful tools ever to come out of NASA , and the Hubble upgrade is the only Shuttle mission that genuinely requires a manned crew , the decision did n't go over well with anyone .
But rather than back down , O'Keefe had the audacity to ask for over a billion dollars in funding to develop an alternate plan .
We will save the Hubble , he said , with robots .
But we must hurry .
It was a considerable relief , to have O'Keefe leave and be replaced by current administrator Michael Griffin , whose first move was to fire practically everyone , and whose second move was to get rid of spirals and robots and insist that all missions to the Moon serve as a staging ground for an expedition to Mars .
The current plan has a main vehicle and lunar lander that are purposely oversized , large enough to carry a crew on a Mars mission .
The vehicles use fuels that could potentially be synthesized on Mars or the lunar surface ( in a politically shrewd move , the main propellant on the CEV is ethanol , guaranteeing that the Russians can't safely piggyback on the technology ) .
And the mission and vehicle design are strictly Apollo 2.0 .
The only parts of the Shuttle recycled in the system are the main engines , solid rocket boosters , and portions of the fuel tank - important components , but hardly ones that required a thirty - year detour into reusable winged space aircraft design .
The CEV program does not lay out a case for sending astronauts to Mars .
It takes the goal as a given , based on a Bush policy speech endorsing the idea , which has not sat well with many politicians .
They question the wisdom of spending money on space travel when the country is still struggling with expensive national disasters like Hurricane Katrina and the Bush administration .
Luckily , however , the Chinese have now stepped in to give the Mars effort a political urgency that it could never acquire on the merits .
If we end up on Mars in the next fifteen years , we might just have Beijing to thank for it .
Last month saw the successful launch and return to earth of a Chinese version of the Gemini program .
The stated objective of the Chinese flights is to perform scientific research ( the capsule carried 40 grams of frozen pig sperm ) , eventually constructing a Mir - like space station , but there seems little doubt that China will eventually want to shoot the Moon .
A lunar landing is just within China 's technical capability , and the Chinese penchant for giant prestige projects suggests that the hideous price of a moon shot is not going to be a problem .
It is likely , therefore , that the next decade will open with a Space Chase ( the inevitable name ) , as China attempts to develop a space program from scratch faster than the United States can dust off its forty - year - old blueprints .
There 's something charmingly retro about it - a rematch of the great 1960 's battle of ideology , using refurbished 1960 's equipment .
On pad 1 , we have Red China , the not - so - Communist menace , flying a souped - up clone of the Soyuz ; on pad 2 , there 's the United States , returning to flight in a tricked - out version of the Apollo .
There may even be a pad 3 , some kind of unholy alliance of Europeans , Russians , and Objectivist billionaires , flying a composite rocket powered by the sheer force of the market .
It 's not clear how far and how fast the Chinese space program will advance , but it's hard to imagine any American politician who could allow China to build a space station , let alone try for a Moon landing , while the United States has no manned flight capability at all ( the current plan for 2010 - 12 ) .
So it 's likely we 'll see a grudging increase in funding , and even an accelerated schedule for CEV development , just as long as China remains serious about its space program .
And luckily for us Mars geeks , China is one of the few countries on Earth even more nationalistic than the United States , with its own superpower aspirations .
Having made it this far , they are unlikely to back down , and we may have to go to Mars just to upstage them .
The focus on Mars also solves the dicey problem of what to do with the International Space Station , floating uncompleted up in its useless orbit .
Suddenly all those experiments on the effect of long - duration human space flight experiments begin to make sense , and the ISS becomes a handy place to bolt things on to for component testing .
Rather than a useless white elephant , the ISS will start to look like a prime development platform .
Pass over the huge opportunity cost of building it , and people might even start to argue that it was a great idea to put the thing up there .
But what about the real space program - the probes and satellites that actually do the work of scientific exploration ?
It 's harder to tell how they will fare given the current budget pressure , but it 's a good guess that anything that improves our ability to loft heavy things into space - and the next - generation rocket will be a very big rocket indeed - can only be good news for space exploration .
It 's hard to imagine a bigger drain on the unmanned program than the current tag team of ISS and Shuttle , even in the worst funding climate .
So hats off to Mike Griffin , the Chinese , and a big welcome back to the Apollo program .
The next few years should be fun for everybody .
The song 's lyrics were written by copywriters and the video , in which the group 's identity is hidden , was created by television commercial producers .
The lyrics are built around the flavours : peach , apple , cherry , melon , strawberry and banana .
The logo on the CD cover also features Starburst confectionery .
Not once , however , is the pop group linked to Mars .
Mars Australia and its advertising agency , D'Arcy , are behind the new single , Get Your Juices Going , by fictional pop group Starburst .
The song has secured high - rotation airplay on radio station Nova 96.9 and has had its promotional video featured on Video Hits .
" If you look at the song , you really would not know it 's for a confectionery brand , " said D'Arcy 's national creative director , Mark Collis , who created the group .
" We wanted to try and get the song as high on the charts as we can .
We held off letting people know it was an advertising campaign . "
In two weeks , however , a television commercial will be released telling teenagers : " You 've bought the song , now buy the lollies " , Mr Collis said .
Melbourne music management company Peppermint Blue , which manages Madison Avenue and Rogue Traders , commissioned an artist to write the music and lined up the performers .
But the musicians who took part did so on condition of anonymity , not wanting to be associated with an advertising campaign .
Zomba Records manufactured the single and secured airplay .
Nova 96.9's music director David Bessant said the station was aware the single was part of a Mars marketing campaign but the song , which he called " a bit of fun " , was assessed on its merits .
In those six years , Mr. Abramson and Mr. Van Veen have since graduated , and their little Web site , generically named CollegeHumor.com , has become the engine behind a thriving Manhattan - based media company .
It is a fresh reminder that like Craig 's List , some of the most successful Internet ventures have come not from spreadsheet - wielding M.B.A.'s but from people doing what comes naturally .
Four million to eight million unique viewers stop by CollegeHumor each month , most of them young men , and in the first half of this year , the company took in $ 2.4 million from advertising and T - shirt sales , its founders say .
Those kinds of numbers have drawn the attention of old - media companies eager to connect with CollegeHumor 's audience .
Dutton recently bought " CollegeHumor 's Guide to College , " a spoof on college orientation manuals , and last week , Paramount announced that it had signed a development deal with the company to create CollegeHumor - branded movies , in the vein of National Lampoon , which lent its name to movies like " Animal House . "
Mr. Abramson and Mr. Van Veen have taken meetings -- a phrase they use earnestly -- with Lorne Michaels , the executive producer of " Saturday Night Live , " and executives at News Corp. and Viacom , who were eager to meet them .
And veterans of the New York digital media scene have watched with wonder and not a little envy as a couple of boyish - looking recent college graduates with an improbably simple idea have injected some of the old optimism into a scene many had written off as dead .
" There is a whimsical and joyful way to the way they execute that is reminiscent of the way people approached this business in '95 and ' 96 , " said Rufus Griscom , the chief executive of Nerve.com and an old hand of New York 's digital publishing scene .
" Their age is key to their success not only because they are their demographic , which is always good , but because they are willing to do wacky things .
They have a healthy obliviousness to the way everybody else is doing business . "
Indeed , Mr. Abramson , now 23 , and Mr. Van Veen , 24 , have set up CollegeHumor to conform with the typical college kid's idea of a workplace utopia ; most of their employees are buddies from school .
The 11 staff members work in a newly refurbished 4,800 - square - foot TriBeCa loft , where they occasionally have beer - soaked and ice - cream - laden pajama parties .
In one room , Web developers have pitched a tent , where they have been taking turns crashing during late - night sessions required for a site redesign .
In another , writers sit wearing headphones , lost in their iTunes .
( CollegeHumor pays its writers , all recent graduates , $ 36,000 a year . )
In another office , a 21 - year - old monitors the supply chain of CollegeHumor 's apparel business , which sells T - shirts online and through retailers like Urban Outfitters and Filene's .
There 's a full kitchen and laundry , and an empty space up front that practically begs for some sort of gaming table .
" We 're not getting a Ping - Pong table , " Mr. Abramson said .
" Because we heard The Onion has one . "
On the surface , Mr. Abramson and Mr. Van Veen seem to lead the swashbuckling lives of their dot - com - era predecessors .
Both bachelors , they share a loft three floors below their office , with a 52 - inch TV , a new billiard table and a grand piano .
And they 're among the youngest members of the SoHo House , the trendy social club , where on a recent visit their bemused waitress seemed to look around in vain for their parents .
Disclaimer
This site makes no warranties or guarantees as to the validity of any claims .
We also do not claim credit for any images or information .
However ,
If you own rights to any of the images / information and do not want them to appear on this site , please let us know and we ’ll remove it !
We are experts in laser cutting and waterjet cutting services with the capability to cut intricate parts from many different types of materials including metal , aluminum , steel , plastic , acrylic and wood .
Whether you ’re an entrepreneur with a great new idea that requires mass production or a manufacturer who needs a single prototype part , our machining specialists will convert your concept into real usable parts and products .
Our laser cutting and waterjet cutting services are streamlined and customized for you , whether you need one simple part or a thousand complex parts .
We serve individuals and all industries , from robotics and electronics to education and R&D .
We are committed to providing each customer , regardless of size , with outstanding service and fast turnaround times .
Our ordering process is simple and user - friendly .
To get started , create your design using the Big Blue Saw Designer , your favorite software , or other free CAD software .
Then , upload your design to get an instant quote .
QR Code Link to This Post
What I 've learned recently is that there are two basic types of penis .
There are ' growers ' and there are ' showers ' .
I did not know this , and I 'm a guy .
A shower is a penis that is pretty much the same size when hard or soft .
What you see is what you get .
A grower is a penis that starts small but grows bigger when the blood gets - a- pump'n .
It 's like a magic trick !!
Fun for all .
I mean seriously , I did n't know that wangs had two different growth strategies ... why would evolution do this ?
What benefit is there to having one type of penis over the other ?
It 's crazy !
Nature , you are a madhouse !!
Anyway , at first this did n't bother me much , I found it to be quirky , but unimportant to my life .
But tonight , for some reason , I started to think about it ... and what I thought about scares me !
Let me explain : You see , I " m a grower .
As mentioned that means my wang , when at rest , starts off rather small .
When soft the little guy is only about 2 1/ 2 or 3 inches - not impressive .
When something exciting happens , though , such as a naked women happens to walk by , or I accidentally click on a link to some free internet porn , the little guy grows - He GETS HUGE !!!
Well , ok , maybe not huge , but above 7 inches ... and by 7 I mean 6 . This is n't bad , I have a nice , average cock , perfect for all potential usages .
I " m quite fond of him really ... in fact on those slow , quiet , lazy afternoons when I have nothing better to do I 'll often pull him out just to admire him ... the firmness ... the sleek lines ... the raw power that is my penis !!
I 'll admire him for a few minutes , and then put him away , safe again , in my pants .
It 's a good life .
Before Craigslist
I had always assumed that every guy had a grower .
It only makes sense , mine grows cause that 's the way that male genetalia is made !!
Suddenly I thought back to all those times walking around locker rooms with my little 3 incher dangling ( can a 3 inch cock dangle ? ? ) , and I wondered if guys who were ' showers ' thought that was all that I had to offer !!
Now , since I " m not gay I do n't really care too much about other guy 's opinions on my unit , but it did start the ball rolling ...... What if , for example , I 'm sitting on the couch , watching the Leafs , with a hot babe beside me .
Say that we 've never had sex before , but she 's suddenly really horny and feeling ' adventurous ' and so she kinda reaches over and sticks her hand down my pants .
Suppose her hand is cold .
So , there she is with her hand down my pants while I 'm watchign the Leafs and her hand is COLD .
What do you think the little guy 's reaction will be ?
Well , he 's probably going to be a little scared and confused and it'll take awhile before the shock of the situation wears off and he springs into action .
Meantime , Hot Babe is wondering why I have such a small stick because she 's only ever been with ' showers ' before and so thinks that whatever size a guy is when soft , is pretty much what you get when hard .
She quickly pulls her hand out of my pants , makes some excuse about pancakes or early morning workouts and leaves .
What if this happens !!!
It could happen !!!
Seriously , it could !!!!
Man , it just creeps me out thinking about it .... So , ladies , give a guy a chance , ok , he may have more to offer than you first realize ..... P.S. I " m moving back to T.O at the end of the month after being gone for a decade , so if any of you ladies wanna see what I mean by ' grower ' , drop me a line..muahahaha...P.S.S
I also need a job .
Drop me a line if you have one of those , too .
Shape of glass and amount of alcohol poured : Comparative study of effect of practice and concentration ; BMJ Volume 331 pp 1512 -4
People pour 20 - 30 % more alcohol into short , wide glasses than into tall , narrow ones of the same volume , but they wrongly believe that tall glasses hold more , finds a study in this week 's BMJ .
Even professional bartenders pour more into short , wide " tumblers " than into " highball " glasses , suggesting that experience of pouring alcohol has little effect .
The study involved 198 college students and 86 bartenders from a large city in the United States .
After several practice pours , half the students were given tall , slender 355 ml glasses and half were given short , wide 355 ml glasses .
They were then asked to pour a standard " shot " of alcohol ( 1.5 ounces , 44.3 ml ) for four mixed drinks ( vodka tonic , rum and Coke , whiskey on the rocks , and gin and tonic ) .
Each bartender was also asked to pour the same four drinks , either with no instructions or after being told to take their time .
Both students and bartenders poured more into short , wide glasses than into tall , slender glasses .
Among students , practice reduced the tendency to overpour into tall glasses , but not into short , wide glasses .
Most students also believed that the tall glasses held more .
Despite an average of six years of experience , bartenders poured 20.5 % more into short , wide glasses than tall , slender ones .
Paying careful attention reduced but did not eliminate the effect .
These findings suggest that alcohol consumption studies should include questions about the shape of the glass , say the authors .
To avoid overpouring , they suggest using tall , narrow glasses or ones on which the alcohol level is marked .
And to realise that when alcoholic drinks are served in a short , wide glass , two drinks are actually equal to two and a half .
###
TV causes autism ?
I doubt it .
An article in Slate yesterday argued that TV watching causes autism .
The Slate article is based on research done by Cornell economists Michael Waldman , Sean Nicholson , and Nodir Adilov .
You can download the academic working paper here .
The paper gives some theories why TV and autism might be linked , but the more interesting part of the paper is the data analysis .
The researchers are trying to find a “ natural experiment ” that shifts around TV watching , but otherwise has no impact on whether a child is diagnosed as autistic .
Rainfall is one of the things they use .
In places where it rains a lot , kids watch more TV .
Maybe rainfall does n’t affect autism in any other way .
This is a creative approach , although it suffers from the weakness ( which they acknowledge in the paper ) , that rainfall changes other things , like how much time you spend indoors doing other things besides watching TV .
They also use the arrival of cable TV in an area .
This approach is potentially stronger , although it would be better if they used availability of cable TV , rather than the number of people who actually subscribe .
These are intriguing approaches , but personally I did not find the empirical evidence in the paper very compelling .
The rainfall evidence is based off of three states : Washington , Oregon , and California .
It rains a lot in some parts of these states , but not others .
There is more autism in the parts of the states where it rains more .
The problem is that it rains on the coast of Oregon and Washington , and in Northern California .
But there are a million other differences between the coast of Washington and the Eastern part of the state , and between Northern and Southern California .
The researchers also look at how much rain there was when you were between the ages of 0 - 2 , controlling for your county .
This is more promising .
The impact of rain gets smaller , but it is the most convincing evidence in the paper .
The data analysis of cable TV is limited to California and Pennsylvania and also finds positive results .
The difficulty with the cable TV analysis is that there is an incredibly strong positive trend in autism .
The cable TV data are basically on an upward trend .
The regression analysis is going to have a very hard time sorting out between a steady rise in cable TV penetration and the time trend .
In the current version they only include a linear time trend , which is an extremely powerful predictor .
My guess is that if they generalize their specification to allow for non-linear time trends , the cable TV result will disappear .
The authors have done some interesting work , but the nature of the problem makes it a really hard one to answer convincingly .
For instance , you might think that Oregon and California should have similar autism rates .
Nope , Oregon ’s rate is four times higher .
That sort of gap is almost certainly due to differences in what is called autism in the official data in one state versus the other .
The increasing time trend is also heavily influenced by what is labeled autism .
When the outcome of interest is measured so poorly , it is hard to know what the analysis is really picking up — differences in the underlying symptoms or just in the reporting of them .
The more I thought about it , the more it seemed to me that there might be a causal link between rainfall , TV , and autism , but not the one suggested by the paper .
My theory : when it rains a lot , parents watch more TV , see more shows about autism , and this leads them to seek out a diagnosis of autism for their kids .
They have the same kids , it is just that TV makes them believe that their kids are autistic .
I do n’t mean to sound overly negative on this research .
I applaud the authors for asking a daring hypothesis and gathering data to try to test it .
My gut , though , tells me that this is a result which will not stand up to scrutiny .
Hizbullah leader Hassan Nasrallah said during a speech aired on Al - Manar TV Monday that ‘ we are at the brink of a great victory ; a strategic and historic one .
The Hizbullah fighters brought about this great triumph . ”
In his first speech delivered after the ceasefire went into effect at 8 a.m. , Nasrallah said " this is not the time for Hizbullah to disarm .
" It is unfortunate that the initial discussion on this matter and on the deployment of the army ( in the south ) was held by the ( Lebanese ) government in direct contrast to the agreement between the sides , ” he said .
“ Who will defend Lebanon in case of a new Israeli offensive ? ” he asked .
“ The Lebanese army and international troops are incapable of protecting Lebanon , ” He said , flanked by Lebanese and Hizbullah flags .
But Nasrallah said he was open to dialogue about Hizbullah ’s weapons at the appropriate time .
And he credited his group ’s weapons with proving to Israel that “ War with Lebanon will not be a picnic .
It will be very costly . ”
' We will come to you '
Nasrallah said that beginning Tuesday Hizbullah would transfer initial funds to south Lebanon residents whose homes were destroyed so they may rent apartments and buy furniture , adding that the terror group will fund the renovation of the homes ’ 15,000 damaged homes . ’
“ You ( residents ) will not wait in any line or for government funds because this may take too long , ” the Hizbullah leader said .
“ We will come to you and grant you funds worth a year ’s rent and for furniture .
In the meantime we will rebuild your destroyed homes . ”
Nasrallah , who remains in hiding , added that “ soon I will address people in public squares and tell them the details of what happened . "
The statement was a response to Ehud Olmert 's speech to the Knesset plenum Sunday , in which the PM declared that Israel would continue to track down Hizbullah operatives .
[ Update ]
Per the suggestion of LithiumCola and others I changed the title of the diary ] .
At the outset , let me state this is not a diary about how things ought to be ( although I will express an opinion at the end ) .
It is not a diary expressing love for Gonzales , and it is not a torture , FISA , unitary executive , etc. diary .
Rather , I simply address the narrow issue of the suspension clause and whether the United States Constitution " guaranteed " the right of habeas corpus ( it did not ) , which was the focus of mcjoan ’s diary on that aspect of Gonzales ’s testimony .
I would like this to be a small lesson on quality at DKos .
Let us clarify the issue .
Article I , Section 9 , Clause 2 of the Constitution says :
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it .
Ok .
Clearly the framers , who had a pretty good grasp of the English language , did not write something like " The writ of habeas corpus is hereby guaranteed to the people , and it shall not be suspended .... "
Why did n’t they say that expressly ?
And not having said it , would n’t we imply the first clause ?
Is n’t that just common sense ?
After all , why would one say you could n’t suspend habeas if it somehow did n’t exist ?
Is it , as Egilsson and Mcjoan said and suggested , just plain stupid and ignorant to read it any other way ?
The short answer is no .
To start with , you ’d need to also conclude that Chief Justice John Marshall , one of the greatest Chief Justices ever ( and the author of Marbury v. Madison ) was just plain stupid and ignorant as well .
Marshall wrote , in the 1807 case of Ex Parte Bollman :
The reasoning from the bar , in relation to it , may be answered by the single observation , that for the meaning of the term habeas corpus , resort may unquestionably be had to the common law ; but the power to award the writ by any of the courts of the United States , must be given by written law .
In other words , the remedy afforded ( the right if you will ) by the writ of habeas corpus does not exist unless Congress says it exists by giving the courts the power to award it ; that is also to say , it does not exist by the language of the Constitution .
Rather , Congress must enable it .
And Congress did that almost right away with the Judiciary Act of 1789 .
Marshall says that SCOTUS can look to the common law for meaning , not for existence .
Had the remedy ( right ) been implicitly provided by Article I , Section 9 then Marshall would have said as much ( and this was argued in the case by Bollman ’s lawyer ) .
This is a difficult case , even for lawyers , to read .
Perhaps your instinct is to quibble with my interpretation or to say it is dicta .
Do n’t rely on my reading then .
The Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) , a well respected , non-partisan , group , maintains an annotated Constitution for Congress .
Here is what they say Ex Parte Bollman says :
Although the writ of habeas corpus has a special status because its suspension is forbidden , except in narrow circumstances , by Article I. Sec. 9 , cl. 2 , nowhere in the Constitution is the power to issue the writ vested in the federal courts .
Could it be that despite the suspension clause restriction Congress could suspend de facto the writ simply by declining to authorize its issuance ?
Is a statute needed to make the writ available or does the right to habeas corpus stem by implication from the suspension clause or from the grant of judicial power without need of a statute ?
Since Chief Justice Marshall 's opinion in Ex parte Bollman , it has been generally accepted that '' the power to award the writ by any of the courts of the United States , must be given by written law . ''
The suspension clause , Marshall explained , was an '' injunction , '' an ' ' obligation ' ' to provide '' efficient means by which this great constitutional privilege should receive life and activity ; for if the means be not in existence , the privilege itself would be lost , although no law for its suspension should be enacted . ''
And so it has been understood since , with a few judicial voices raised to suggest that what Congress could not do directly it could not do by omission , but inasmuch as statutory authority has always existed authorizing the federal courts to grant the relief they deemed necessary under habeas corpus the Court has never had to face the question .
Perhaps you are not convinced .
After all , that language does not match precisely what Gonzales said , namely , that the Constitution does not guarantee the right and there is the " few judicial voices " and " never had to face " language in the quote .
Fair enough .
Most people are familiar with the concept of peer - reviewed articles in science .
In legal circles , the closest we have are law review articles , which is where legal scholars ( usually law school professors , but not always ) publish their work .
Many times they will actually write a book or treatise in their area of specialty , and some of these gain fame ( but not fortune , ha ) and are widely cited by the courts and others as authoritative .
In the area of the history of habeas corpus and its meaning , it appears there is such a treatise ( a book , not available online ) by a man named William F. Duker .
In his A Constitutional History of Habeas Corpus ( 1980 ) Duker writes ( I quote from someone else , because it's not available online ) :
At the Constitutional Convention , delegate Charles Pinckney proposed a provision to assure the availability of habeas corpus .
A compromise resulted and instead of guaranteeing habeas corpus , the Constitution instead prohibited its suspension .
Recent English history taught the American colonists of the likelihood and danger of suspensions of the writ .
Parliament frequently suspended the writ of habeas corpus during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , allowing individuals to be imprisoned without any legal protections .
William Duker , in his authoritative history of the writ of habeas corpus , argues that the Framers feared that Congress might suspend the states ability to grant habeas corpus , in the same way that Parliament had suspended habeas corpus in the colonies .
Duker concludes that the " provision was designed to restrict Congress from suspending state habeas corpus in the colonies . "
He [ Duker ] wrote : " The framers of the Constitution did not intend to guarantee a right to a federal writ .
Under the intent of the framers any right to federal habeas would be purely statutory . "
I am quoting from a 1986 law review article written by Edwin Chemerinsky .
You might have heard of him , but if not you ought to peruse his bio here .
And in case you did not know , he is widely viewed as a liberal so do n’t go there .
Both of these sources are cited in Judge Robertson ’s recent MCA habeas decision , which is where I found them ( and there are many others ) .
I ’m sorry , but mcjoan and her charge of the six hundred are wrong , and Gonzales is correct .
No matter what , even if for some reason you remain unconvinced , surely you cannot conclude Gonzales does not have substantial support for his statement , is wrong , ignorant and stupid , and should be impeached and disbarred for it .
I wish there might be a lesson here , which is that the law ( particularly habeas ) is a difficult , complicated subject , and while it is perfectly ok to say what you think the law ought to be , before you say what the law is you ought to at least spend a little time actually looking at it .
It is obvious that no one , including ( with all due respect ) mcjoan , actually looked to see if Gonzales might even be the least bit correct .
Frankly , I see this time and time again on DKos , from wrong 4th amendment discussion to just plain crazy constitutional theories , which hurts the credibility of the site .
There are many , many resources on the internet providing analysis suited to laymen .
Again , the annotated Constitution maintained by CRS ( linked above ) is my favorite starting point .
At the outset I promised that I would tell you what I really think .
It is quite possible that SCOTUS would ignore the history and original meaning of the clause , and as my first quote indicates , there are hints here and there to that effect .
I think SCOTUS will always find a way to provide habeas relief for citizens ( and aliens with a sufficient nexus ) , and perhaps that is the way it ought to be .
The CIA has a Facebook page .
It invites students to apply for the National Clandestine Service .
It has 2,844 friends .
Is this interesting ?
Not really ; the Agency is a well - known college recruiter already , visiting campuses to find promising recruits and hosting a rigorous two - summer internship for students .
But it does raise the question :
Is a government that seems fixated on using automated surveillance to understand the social links between people hoping to tap social networking sites for data ?
Some conspiracy theorists say yes , but go even further : Facebook is itself a government - funded project .
To accept this thesis , you have to believe that because one guy at one venture capital investor in Facebook sits on another , unrelated board on which Gilman Louie , former head of In - Q - Tel ( formely In - Q - IT ) , also sat , the CIA is running ( or at least funding ) Facebook .
It also helps if you believe that " the Bush regime is a megalomaniacal cabal of mass murderers who want to crush all internal dissent , and like all dictatorial regimes , the first place they will look is students . "
Fortunately , the student slaughters have not yet started , but some better - attested information about the government 's interest in social networking did come to light last year .
In an academic paper ( PDF ) , partially funded by the NSA 's ARDA program ( now called the Disruptive Technology Office ) , the authors showed how social networks gleaned from the Semantic Web could be used to identify conflicts of interest among academic peer reviewers .
The ARDA project that helped to fund the research was called " An Ontological Approach to Financial Analysis & Monitoring . "
The goal seems to have been to use this sort of social - networking technology to keep money from flowing into the hands of terror groups , mobsters , and other unsavory characters who need to launder their cash .
The paper notes that this is made more difficult by a lack of social - networking data from which to work , but the authors suggest that publicly - available networking sites like LinkedIn , Facebook , MySpace , and Friendster could help to supply that information .
Because those sites do contain such a wealth of personal information , along with information about a person 's friends , relatives , and acquaintances , it would certainly not be out of the question for the government to attempt to harvest the data for its own use ( a move that would not necessarily require any cooperation from the site operators ) .
If this sounds like a lot of work for a potentially tiny payoff , consider that the government has been running a massive domestic telecommunications spy program with enterprise - grade equipment installed around the country , all apparently designed to allow for eavesdropping ( natch ) but also for building models of social networks that might help to identify terrorist cells and their supporters .
Are Facebook et al. actually CIA / NSA - backed companies that the agencies are using to create massive databases on Americans without having to deal with that pesky congressional oversight ?
Without any evidence of this , it seems grossly unlikely .
If it does turn out to be true that the government was behind the creation of such popular , simple - to - use programs that millions of people voluntarily return to again and again , the people bureaucrats behind them need to be moved immediately into upper - level management at the IRS and Social Security Administration .
Far more likely is that young entrepreneurs hit on a few good ideas , and the government now sees an opportunity .
Whether that opportunity can be used to prevent any actual crimes remains to be seen .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran has not been having a very good month , which is good news both for the beaten - down people of Iran and for the outside world .
The populist demagogue , it seems , is not so popular with important elements of Iranian society growing uneasy over the price Iran may have to pay for his belligerent pursuit of nuclear technology .
This week , Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s oil minister acknowledged that foreign banks were pulling back from financing Iranian oil projects because of the worsening nuclear dispute .
The clearest evidence of Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s troubles came in last week ’s elections for municipal offices and the national council that oversees the work of Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s supporters fared surprisingly poorly .
The main gainers came from two very different opposition groups , one aligned with former President Ali Rafsanjani , an establishment conservative , and the other with remnants of the cautious reform movement led by former President Mohammad Khatami .
Mr. Rafsanjani , a venomous foe of Israel ( with his own nuclear appetites ) , is so notorious for the corruption that marred his presidency that his political career had almost gone into eclipse .
Mr. Khatami ’s followers are more high - minded , but still managed to fumble Iran ’s best chance for reform in decades .
What distinguishes them from Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s supporters is their recognition that Iran exists in the real world .
They understand that its future requires good relations with foreign investors , trade partners and educational institutions .
How to Get Product and Engineering to Collaborate While Remote
It was great to be interviewed by BuiltInNYC for the article on best ways to get product / engineering teams to collaborate during these difficult times .
Check out the article here !
Read More
New company blog – Yieldstreet Distributed
It 's been a while since my last post , tons of things happened , which one day I will hopefully write an update about .
I 'm usually too busy building exciting stuff to post on a regular basis .. but I will make an effort to write more .
For now - check out the new product , design and engineering blog at Yieldstreet .
It 's called " Distributed " , which is a play on words : Distributed architectureDistributions we make to our investorsDistributed ... Read More
Mark43 ’s 2018 ‘ Dope ’ Hackathon Rundown
We had another awesome hackathon at Mark43 .
Check out my article for our engineering blog , with some cool project details !
https://medium.com/mark43-engineering/mark43s-2018-dope-hackathon-rundown-a96e35d3301a
Read More
Internet is Mission Critical Police departments should treat internet as mission critical — at headquarters , substations , mobile data terminals ( MDTs ) , and any other locations .
Check out my first article for Mark43 blog !
https://www.mark43.com/internet-mission-critical/
Read More
Things to consider before buying enterprise software
My latest for Forbes - based on some hard - earned experience buying enterprise software Read More
How MTA shut down my app for Penn Station commuters
My first post for Medium - this is a story of my first iPhone app — from idea , to planning , to execution , release , initial success and ( spoiler alert ! ) having to shut it down because of New York City ’s MTA .
The last part was painful , but overall it was a great experience and I learned a ton of cool things .
Click here to read more Read More
How to avoid making your clients angry with product delays I first learned this lesson ten years ago at my first company ( a financial technology startup ) , where as a newly minted engineering manager , I let the client know on Friday afternoon that the release scheduled for today would n't be happening .
The resulting explosion was a harsh lesson , but I 'm glad I learned it early .
( more … ) Read More
How IT in non-technical companies can function the best Some time before my current role at Mark43 ( a technology company ) , I was part of the IT department in a non-technical company .
This was not by choice - I joined a " startup within a large organization " - but that 's how it happened .
It was not a good experience , but I 've learned some things .
In this Forbes article , I ( and some other execs from non-tech companies ) share their best tips for survival : ( more … ) Read More
How to Select a Software Vendor I 've been contributing to Forbes for a while , but today , my first full - length article got published .
I talk about a system I 've created over the years that lets you select a software vendor .
( more … ) Read More
Mark43 origin story – a lesson for entrepreneurs I really liked the interview that Nick Bowden has conducted with Mark43 co-founders .
My favorite part is how Scott , Matt and Flo started to build an advanced analytics platform to help cops solve crimes - but when they showed an early MVP to a potential client , they realized analytics software is not their biggest need .
The founders quickly understood that without a good system of record , doing advanced analytics is pretty much impossible , ... Read More
As predicted , Apple has unveiled a new line of towers for the Mac faithful , and as we speculated last month , it 's all about the dual Woodcrest .
The transition to Intel has made its stop at the PowerMac station , and more than the name is changing .
Calling it the high - end machine " customers have dreamed of , " Steve Jobs said that the new " Mac Pro " towers will sport Xeon chipsets for Intel 's new dual - core Xeon 5100 at speeds of up to 3GHz at launch ( 2.0 , 2.66 and 3.0GHz across the spectrum ) .
All models will ship with two physical CPUs , meaning two Xeons per tower .
A dual 2.66 GHz Xeon 5100 box with 1GB of RAM , an NIVIDIA GeForce 7300GT ( 256 MB of RAM ) and a 16x SuperDrive will cost $ 2499 .
Citing the oft - made claim that Apple computers are pricey , Jobs called it a " myth " and said that similar machines from Dell could run almost $ 1,000 more .
Jobs described the new towers as being significantly more powerful than the previous G5 - based offerings , saying that they were 1.6 to 2.1 times faster than the G5 quad .
As usual , the exact nature of the benchmark used was not clear .
[ Update :
It is now listed as SPEC CPU2000 . ]
He also touted the interior of the case , which has been redesigned for the new architecture .
The towers now have room for four hard drives ( or up to 2 TB of storage ) , 4 PCIe slots including an extra - wide slot for graphics , and there 's even room for a second optical drive .
Interestingly , the exterior of the enclosure remains the same despite endless rumors stating that it would change .
The new towers will also support up to 16GB of RAM .
Jobs also said that there will be an ATI Radeon X1900 XT upgrade soon .
Additionally , Bluetooth and Airport are optional .
The new Mac Pro towers are shipping today .
Additional coverage of this year 's WWDC is on the way ...
It took the world about a decade of concerted effort to eradicate smallpox -- the last " wild " case of the disease was in Somalia in 1978 ( someone died of the pox in a British lab accident a few years later ) .
The campaign to eradicate polio began in 1988 and will certainly reach the 20 - year mark without finishing .
To understand why , it 's helpful to read this sad Reuters post from Iraq .
http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/IRIN/cde520844242e6fd0dc635d48580390a.htm
Salwa Muhammad , a 30 - year - old widow who has been working for Unicef 's anti-polio drive for the past three years , says this year 's campaign will be her last .
In Iraq , everyone is assumed to be working for some ulterior motive .
" Some of our colleagues have been beaten , " she says , " Some , especially women , have been accused of being government followers and because they go out to work , they are also accused of being prostitutes .
There are also allegations that our vaccine drops are contaminated with some poison from the US forces . "
If we are n't careful , a resurgence of polio could be another consequence of the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
The global polio campaign hit its first big political snag in northern Nigeria four years ago , when some Muslim preachers claimed that the vaccine -- a live virus transmitted through drops put in a child 's mouth -- contained AIDS virus or birth control - inducing hormones .
The World Health Organization was only able to convince the mullahs that the campaign was safe by importing vaccine produced in Indonesia , a Muslim country .
In the meantime the disease spread to five of Nigeria 's neighbors as well as other countries , carried around the world by Nigerian hajjis and their contacts in Saudi Arabia .
The expectation that polio could be eradicated in time for the 50th anniversary of the licensing of the original polio vaccine in 1955 proved illusory , and then some .
More recently , Indian villages have been rising up in anger against the campaign because their children keep getting vaccinated against polio yet have crummy healthcare in general .
Polio is a crippler , but it causes only diarrhea or other minor illness in about 99 percent of the people it infects .
In dirt - poor areas of south Asia and Africa , the polio campaign is often seen as irrelevant when children are dying of other diarrheal diseases in much greater numbers .
Recently , global health agencies have begun multi- pronged healthcare campaigns , fighting not just polio but diseases such as malaria and measles simultaneously http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/12/22/news/ghana.php.
The problem with polio vaccine -- the pathophysiological grounds for its political drawbacks , if you will -- is that in tropical countries , where the gut is colonized with many viruses and bacteria , it takes extra vaccinations to protect against the disease .
In the United States , three shots of inactivated polio vaccine protect children against the disease .
In the Congo , it may take eight or 10 separate oral polio vaccinations to assure complete protection .
Endless campaigns make for political unhappiness .
Smallpox was much easier .
One poke on the arm with a bifurcated needle , a tiny drop of vaccine trapped between its tines , was generally enough to stop the disease .
George Steinmetz was drawn to Mount Erebus , in Antarctica , by the ice .
The volcano constantly sputters hot gas and lava , sculpting surreal caves and towers that the photographer had read about and was eager to see .
And though he'd heard that reaching the 12,500 - foot summit would be an ordeal , he was n't prepared for the scorching lava bombs that Erebus hurled at him .
Related Content EcoCenter : The Land
Steinmetz , 49 , specializes in photographing remote or harsh places .
You 're almost as likely to find him in the Sahara as at his home in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Thanks to his expedition to Erebus last year , funded by the National Science Foundation , he 's one of the few photojournalists to document up close one of the world 's least - seen geological marvels .
Most of his photographs were taken during the soft twilight that passes for night during the polar summer .
The flanks of Erebus are spiked with ice towers , hundreds of them , called fumaroles .
Gas and heat seeping through the side of the volcano melt the snowpack above , carving out a cave .
Steam escaping from the cave freezes as soon as it hits the air , building chimneys as high as 60 feet .
The scientists who work on Mount Erebus say that its ice caves are every bit as much fun to explore as you might expect .
But the scientists are more interested in the volcano 's crater , with its great pool of lava — one of the few of its kind .
Most volcanoes have a deep central chamber of molten rock , but it 's typically capped by cooled , solid rock that makes the hot magma inaccessible .
On Mount Erebus , the churning magma is exposed at the top of the volcano , in a roiling 1,700 - degree Fahrenheit lake perhaps miles deep .
" The lava lake gives us a window into the guts of the volcano , " says Philip Kyle , a volcanologist at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology .
Mount Erebus looms over the United States ' main research base in Antarctica , McMurdo Station , on Ross Island .
Most of the year scientists monitor the volcano remotely , gathering data from seismometers , tilt meters , GPS signals , video cameras and microphones .
They helicopter the 20 miles from McMurdo to Erebus at the beginning of the six - week field season , which lasts from mid-November to early January , when the temperature on the mountain can reach a balmy - 5 degrees .
Still , winds can whip at 100 miles per hour , and blizzards and whiteouts are common .
The researchers often get stuck in their research camp — two 16 - by 24 - foot huts at 11,400 feet elevation — waiting for the weather to clear .
Out of the eight days that Steinmetz spent on the volcano , he was able to work for only two .
On their first clear day , Steinmetz and Bill McIntosh , also of New Mexico Tech , rode snowmobiles up to the crater 's rim .
As they headed back down , Mount Erebus spattered lava over the area they 'd just explored .
" It looked like shotgun blasts , " says Steinmetz .
" There were puffs of hot steam where the lava bombs hit . "
Kyle , who has been monitoring the volcano for more than 30 years , says it had recently broken a two - year quiet spell .
Mount Erebus had started acting up in early 2005 , and when scientists arrived it was erupting several times a day , each time ejecting 50 or so lava bombs .
The largest are about ten feet wide — great blobs of bubbly lava that collapse like failed soufflés when they land , some almost a mile away .
Erebus and the rest of the continent will come under more scrutiny than usual in 2007 , as scientists head to the ends of the earth for the fourth International Polar Year since 1882 .
They 'll try out new monitoring techniques , study how Antarctica and the Arctic influence worldwide weather , and probe what kind of life could exist in the extreme cold and winter - long dark of the poles .
Mount Erebus ' ice caves are among the most promising places for undiscovered life in Antarctica .
Though they grow or shrink depending on how much heat the volcano emits , inside they maintain a temperature of about 32 degrees .
Says McIntosh : " The caves are wonderful because they 're so warm . "
George Steinmetz 's photographs of Peruvian pyramids and Mexican cave paintings have appeared in Smithsonian .
Senior editor Laura Helmuth specializes in science .
Friends , this game has taken me , on and off , almost a whole year to develop , and to be honest , I do n't know where the drive to do it originated .
It 's a fun , almost comforting process , and to analyze the " why " of it any further would be to analyze the nature of insanity , which seems almost as pointless as this game .
With 101 different throws to design , I quickly realized I would need to incorporate many two - handed gestures .
Some of these gestures might involve movement as well , which , online , is shown in the form of an animation .
I also had to reverse one of the 300 outcomes of RPS - 25 in order to get this game to work properly : Wolf and Nuke have been switched !
It pained me to do it , but I take heart in knowing that Wolf no longer beats
Nuke with an outcome as sketchy - sounding as " Wolf - 2 Launches Nuke . "
Let 's face it ...
Nuke Incinerates
Wolf makes a hell of a lot more sense and is thus easier to remember , so I do n't mind the switch and hopefully neither does anyone else .
WAYS TO PLAY RPS - 101 :
1 ) GET THE POSTER AND BOOKLET .
UPDATE 12/16/2016 : Due to an error on behalf of CafePress , the RPS - 101 poster and booklet are no longer available .
2 ) SEE IT ONLINE .
Clicking this link opens up the unholy chart , which is a 320 K Flash 8 file .
Rollover the gestures to see them up close , and to see an outline around the other gestures it beats .
You can also click the gesture to open up its 50 outcomes in a new window .
If you 'd prefer to see these outcomes first , you could choose the next option ...
3 ) SKIP THE CHART , JUST SEE THE GESTURES & OUTCOMES .
If you want to coast through the individual gestures , I set up 101 separate pages for each one .
On these pages are the gesture 's fifty dominant outcomes , with links to all other relevant gestures !
This part took forever to set up ... check it out by starting with gesture # 1 , Dynamite !
4 ) PRINT OUT THE OUTCOMES .
This link takes you to a printer - friendly HTML page similar to the pages in the last option , but with all 5,050 outcomes in one page !
Printing this out could take a while !
This option will allow you to use the interactive chart on your monitor in conjunction with a hard copy of the outcomes .
Most of them are made by Julian Beever , great artist .
Picture 6 & 9 are made by Kurt Wenner .
Most of them are made by Julian Beever , great artist .
Picture 6 & 9 are made by Kurt Wenner .
Labels : Cool , Illusion , Pictures
The word around town was that the Hummers were n't moving .
It looked like high gas prices and a White House reversal on fuel conservation meant that fewer " W " bumper stickers would find their exposed sticky sides mating gloriously with the smooth rear bumper of an H2 , somewhere between the tow loop and the access hole for a Class 3 hitch .
We were skeptical at first .
Sources can be unreliable , but the scuttlebutt was that inventory had been building for months now and the local Hummer dealer had panicked .
He had begun storing his Hummer inventory at an undisclosed location , far from the dealer showroom so as not to spook jittery , prospective buyers with the mounting number of unsold H2s and H3s .
When an anonymous caller phoned in with the location , we were off .
" The rear parking lot of the Hyatt Westlake Plaza Hotel " , he said , just before the line went dead .
TMTGM investigative sleuths Erik Ustin and Ray Pizzuti grabbed your still somewhat skeptical editor , and after stopping at Human Resources to pick up a few " half - off at Togo 's " coupons we scurried past security , through the main entrance , and out to the parking lot .
A security guard spotted us and yelled , " Hey you three , stop right there ! "
We froze in place , eyeing our surroundings , thinking quickly , instantly evaluating possible courses of action .
" One of you did n't scan out !
Get back here and run your badge past the scanner again and make sure it beeps this time ! "
ooo
OK , we 're not sure where this was headed or how long and how silly it would be enroute , so we 'll just get to it .
The Hummer dealer in this part of Southern California is apparently having trouble moving his merchandise .
After a row of Hummers was spotted behind the Hyatt Hotel , three of us went on a reconnaissance mission to find out more .
Here 's the first picture we snapped :
Click to enlarge
Does n't look like much - about 25 H3s in the far corner of the parking lot , and the next aisle over was pretty much the same .
But then when we came around the corner we saw this :
Click to enlarge ... really , click it
That 's a lot of Hummers , all H3s , lined up neatly waiting for someone to take them home and love them .
Looking to the right there were more , so we walked all the way down to the end of the row and snapped this picture :
Click to enlarge ... now here , we will insist - click it and make it bigger
That 's the same view as the previous picture , just taken from about 30 Hummers further down to the right .
Behind this hotel were about 150 Hummers - about 80 in this row alone - almost all H3s , along with eight or ten original H1s .
A police car drove by slowly - surely he wondered why we were taking pictures and laughing , but then he looked closer , recognized the unthreatening physiques of three software engineers , spotted our badges , and quickly lost interest .
Someone from the dealership pulled in with another H3 , so we wandered over and asked how business was these days .
He said something about hurricanes and gas prices , then we asked where the H2s were .
He said , " They 're at the other lot " .
Hmmm ...
Thrilled and amused as we were , we 'd only learned part of the story .
After getting directions we proceeded to lot # 2 , while placing a few quick bets with an over / under quickly set at 60 .
The thinking here was that the despite looking like a Jeep Cherokee on steroids , the H3s were about $ 20 K less expensive than the H2s and had respectable fuel economy ( 16 city / 19 highway is what the sticker said ) - maybe the dealer had just placed a very large , poorly timed order , a few months back .
Surely the H2 inventory was under control .
Pulling into lot # 2 , the " under " looked liked it would be the clear winner - forty , fifty tops , from the first looks of it :
Click to enlarge ... this one 's up to you
Then we walked down to the end of the aisle to see this :
Click to enlarge ... go for it
That 's about fifty H2s on the left , and a bit of congestion in the middle as the Hummers appear to be entering the lot at a rate far exceeding the rate at which they leave .
After walking down to the end of this aisle we spied another aisle of about the same length stretching around the corner :
Click to enlarge ... again , we will insist , make it bigger
When the counting was done , there were about 150 H2s in lot # 2 , for a grand total of around three hundred Hummers , just looking for someone to love them .
In the above picture notice the attendant and the red 5 - gallon gas cans - based on a brief conversation with this young man , we did n't sense any love from him .
Apparently the thrill of driving Hummers back and forth between the remote storage lot and the dealer showroom wears off quickly , as each round trip requires that another five gallons of fuel be dispensed in order to ensure a complete round trip .
We 've talked about SUVs in these pages before , having developed a California SUV Fill Up Index which we then updated as gas prices in this area hit $ 2.80 and then $ 2.90 per gallon .
What a person drives or how much fuel they consume matters little to us , so long as they leave some gas at the pumps for others and do n't run us over on the freeway .
The reason that the story of rapidly rising Hummer inventory is so interesting and so amusing , is that America 's most ostentatious Sport Utility Vehicle , the Hummer SUV , is a metaphor for America in the world today - overweight , overpriced , inefficient , and unloved .
-------------
UPDATE ( 11/5/2005 - 7:35 AM
PST ) :
As discussed in the comments section , the following statement is incorrect :
" Apparently the thrill of driving Hummers back and forth between the remote storage lot and the dealer showroom wears off quickly , as each round trip requires that another five gallons of fuel be dispensed in order to ensure a complete round trip . "
The remote lots are between one and two miles from the showroom , so five gallons of gas would provide many round trips for both an H2 and H3 .
It 's not clear why the thrill had worn off - it had something to do with the gas cans .
An update to this story will be posted later today and a link will be provided here .
-------------
UPDATE ( 11/5/2005 - 11:35 AM
PST ) :
The follow - on to the Hummer post is now available here - enjoy .
------------
UPDATE ( 11/7/2005 - 6:32 AM
PST ) :
The trilogy is now complete - the final installment is here .
------------
UPDATE ( 12/13/2005 - 6:32 AM
PST ) :
We 've checked back in on the inventory - some interesting results here .
Selecting a mate is the most crucial decision of our lives .
We spend a huge amount of time and energy trying to find that special someone .
Our appetite for a relationship fuels a billion - dollar industry of match - making services , lonely hearts ads and online dating .
Yet we ’re often not satisfied .
A survey in 2005 of more than 900 people who had been using online dating services found that three - quarters had not found what they were looking for .
We seem as much in the dark as ever about who is a suitable match for us .
As a scientist studying human behaviour , I am not too surprised by the mysterious nature of how we go about choosing a partner .
Mate selection is a highly complex process .
We are consciously aware of only part of it ; the rest is either inherently unpredictable or operates outside our awareness , which leads us to the perception that love is about ineffable chemistry .
Let ’s start with the conscious part .
There are some things we all find attractive .
Men tend to desire women with features that suggest youth and fertility , including a low waist - to - hip ratio , full lips and soft facial features .
Recent studies confirm that women have strong preferences for a virile male beauty – taut bodies , broad shoulders , clear skin and defined , masculine facial features , all of which may indicate sexual potency and good genes .
We also know that women are attracted to men who look as if they have wealth , or the ability to acquire it , and that both men and women strongly value intelligence in a mate .
Preferences for these qualities – beauty , brains and resources – are universal .
The George Clooneys …
By Elli Leadbeater
Norwich
Body language can reveal a politician 's true feelings
No amount of coaching or media training can co-ordinate the hand gestures and facial expressions to fully cover up what a person knows not to be true .
The bite of the lip , a movement of the eyebrow or simply where they walk on the ceremonial carpet can betray what a politician really thinks and feels .
Researchers explained how to read the signs at a science meeting in Norwich .
" Nobody can escape the eye of the psychologist , " Dr Peter Collett , formerly of Oxford University , told the British Association 's Science Festival .
Psychologists compare the silent language of politics to poker " tells " - tiny unintentional behaviours that card players use to work out the strength of their opponent 's hand .
These can be particular gestures , movements of the mouth or merely how an individual holds their body .
For example , each politician has their own signature tells which a trained eye can use to detect moments of stress during a speech or press conference , claims Dr Collett .
The smile
Tony Blair unconsciously fiddles with his little finger whenever an opponent makes him anxious .
He also touches his stomach when he feels under threat - a gesture that harks back to childhood , the psychology panel at the BA asserted .
George Bush , on the other hand , bites the inside of his cheek at anxious moments .
The famously uncomfortable relationship between Mr Blair and his Chancellor Gordon Brown was also full of " body language fibs " , the scientists said .
" At one level , Brown is desperate to show his support for Blair ; but if you freeze the smiling you can see the emotions underneath , " explained Professor Geoffrey Beattie of the University of Manchester .
" It 's a kind of grimaced smile . "
" When you look at a genuine smile , it rises upwards and all the bits come together .
Brown has a flashbulb smile , " added Dr Collett .
The ' bodybuilder '
Dr Collett also claims that dominant relationships are given away by who looks at whom .
By gazing away into the distance when another person is speaking , a politician can indicate that they do not think the speaker is important enough to deserve attention .
Politicians also used intentional movements to try to manipulate the audience 's perception of their story , the panel stated .
In some cases , the politician may be aware of the effect of the movement itself .
For example , Bill Clinton tended to bite his lip when he wanted to appear emotional , Dr Collett said .
Clinton bit his lip 15 times in two minutes during his apology to the American nation over his affair with Monica Lewinsky .
Others instances may be less contrived , but occur when the person wants to appear powerful or friendly .
George Bush walks like a body builder , hanging his palms to the rear as though laden down by huge muscle , to imply that he 's larger than he actually is , says Dr Collett .
Mr Blair raises his eyebrows when he wants to appear non-threatening , a submissive gesture .
But try as they might , politicians can never have complete control over these signals .
And if a politician told an outright lie , their body language would almost certainly give the game away , the psychologists claimed .
" You can teach people to smile of course , but a genuine smile ?
It 's a different bit of the brain to these masking smiles and you can't fake it , " said Professor Beattie .
" It 's just too difficult . "
Countdown exposed how the GOP is working off of the talking points like to try and shift the Foley problem to both sides of the aisle :
Download - WMV Download - QT
Rush Limbaugh : " There are things that will offend liberals .
Our are there ?
How many of them wish they were in on the action ? "
Well Rush , how was that trip with the guys that you took the Viagra on ?
They are taking some real hard swings at Barney Franks .
We all know how bad male prostitutes are .
Do n't we Mr. Gannon ?
The French face transplant recipient who received part of the visage of a brain - dead donor back in November has been out and about " without drawing stares " , her surgeon has said .
According to the BBC , Dr Bernard Devauchelle told Le Courrier Picard : " Every day she passes by people with her face uncovered - and they do n't necessarily recognise her . "
The unnamed 38 - year - old woman underwent surgery after her pet Labrador savaged her while she slept , in the process removing her nose , lips and chin .
Although she is now " walking , riding a bike , chatting and eating " , she still requires further treatment in Lyon and Amiens .
" When you look at her you realise there is something not quite normal about her facial mobility .
But a certain expressiveness is slowly coming back , " noted Dr Devauchelle .
The jury is still out on face transplants - on psychological , practical and ethical grounds .
As Iain Hutchison , an oral - facial surgeon at Barts and the London Hospital , previously said : " In the short - term , blood vessels in the donated tissue could clot .
And in the long term , the immunosuppressants fail .
The drugs also increase the patient 's risk of cancer . "
Regarding the donor issue , Hutchison said : " Where donors would come from is one issue that would have to be considered .
The transplant would have to come from a beating heart donor .
" So , say your sister was in intensive care , you would have to agree to allow their face to be removed before the ventilator was switched off .
And there is the possibility that the donor would then carry on breathing , " he added . ®
Excerpted from Armed Madhouse
So , Osama Walks into This Bar , See ? and Bush says , “ Whad 'l ' ya have , pardner ? ” and Osama says …
But wait a minute .
I 'd better shut my mouth .
The sign here in the airport says , “ Security is no joking matter . ”
But if security 's no joking matter , why does this guy dressed in a high - school marching band outfit tell me to dump my Frappuccino and take off my shoes ?
All I can say is , Thank the Lord the “ shoe bomber ” did n't carry Semtex in his underpants .
Today 's a RED and ORANGE ALERT day .
How odd .
They just caught the British guys with the chemistry sets .
But when these guys were about to blow up airliners , the USA was on YELLOW alert .
That 's a “ lowered ” threat notice .
According to the press office from the Department of Homeland Security , lowered - threat Yellow means that there were no special inspections of passengers or cargo .
Is n't it nice of Mr. Bush to alert Osama when half our security forces are given the day off ?
Hmm .
I asked an Israeli security expert why his nation does n't use these pretty color codes .
He asked me if , when I woke up , I checked the day 's terror color .
“ I can't say I ever have .
I mean , who would ? ”
He smiled .
“ The terrorists . ”
America is the only nation on the planet that kindly informs bombers , hijackers and berserkers the days on which they wo n't be monitored .
You 've got to get up pretty early in the morning to get a jump on George Bush 's team .
There are three possible explanations for the Administration 's publishing a good - day - for - bombing color guidebook .
1. God is on Osama 's side .
2. George is on Osama 's side .
3 . Fear sells better than sex .
A gold star if you picked # 3 .
The Fear Factory
I 'm going to tell you something which is straight - up heresy : America is not under attack by terrorists .
There is no WAR on terror because , except for one day five years ago , al Qaeda has pretty much left us alone .
That 's because Osama got what he wanted .
There 's no mystery about what Al Qaeda was after .
Like everyone from the Girl Scouts to Bono , Osama put his wish on his web site .
He had a single demand : “ Crusaders out of the land of the two Holy Places . ”
To translate : get US troops out of Saudi Arabia .
And George Bush gave it to him .
On April 29 , 2003 , two days before landing on the aircraft carrier Lincoln , our self - described “ War President ” quietly put out a notice that he was withdrawing our troops from Saudi soil .
In other words , our cowering cowboy gave in whimpering to Osama 's demand .
The press took no note .
They were all wiggie over Bush 's waddling around the carrier deck in a disco-aged jump suit announcing , “ MISSION ACCOMPLISHED . ”
But it was n't America 's mission that was accomplished , it was Osama's .
Am I saying there 's no danger , no threat ?
Sure there is : 46 million Americans do n't have health insurance .
IBM is legally stealing from its employees ' pension plan and United Airlines has dumped its pensions altogether .
Four - million three - hundred thousand Americans were injured , made sick or killed by their jobs last year .
TXU Corporation is right now building four monster - sized power plants in Texas that will burn skuzzy gunk called “ lignite . ”
The filth it will pour into the sky will snuff a heck of a lot more Americans than some goofy group of fanatics with bottles of hydrogen peroxide .
But Americans do n't ask for real protection from what 's killing us .
The War on Terror is the Weapon of Mass Distraction .
Instead of demanding health insurance , we have 59 million of our fellow citizens pooping in their pants with fear of Al Qaeda , waddling to the polls , crying , “ Georgie save us ! ”
And what does he give us ?
In my own small town , the federal government has paid for loading an SUV with .50 caliber machine guns to watch for an Al Qaeda attack at the dock of the ferry that takes tourists to the Indian casino in Connecticut .
The casino dock is my town 's officially designated “ Critical Asset and Vulnerability Infrastructure Point ( CAVIP ) . ”
( To find the most vulnerable points to attack in the USA , Al Qaeda can download a list from the Department of Homeland Security — no kidding . )
But that 's not all .
Bush is protecting us from English hijackers with a fearsome anti-terrorist tool : the Virginia - class submarine .
The V - boat was originally meant to hunt Soviet subs .
But there are no more Soviet subs .
So , General Dynamics and Lockheed Martin have “ refitted ” these Cold War dinosaurs with new torpedoes redesigned to carry counter - terror commandoes .
That 's right : when we find Osama 's beach house , we can shoot our boys right up under his picnic table and take him out .
These Marines - in - a - tube injector boats cost $ 2.5 billion each — and our President 's ordered half a dozen new ones .
Lynn Cheney , the Veep 's wife , still takes in compensation from Lockheed as a former board member .
I 'm sure that has nothing to do with this multi-billion dollar “ anti- terror ” contract .
Fear sells better than sex .
Fear is the sales pitch for many lucrative products : from billion - dollar sailor injectors to one very lucrative war in Mesopotamia ( a third of a trillion dollars doled out , no audits , no questions asked ) .
Better than toothpaste that makes our teeth whiter than white , this stuff will make us safer than safe .
It 's political junk food , the cheap filling in the flashy tube .
What we do n't get is safety from the real dangers : a life - threatening health - care system , lung - murdering pollution production and a trade deficit with China that 's reducing mid-America to coolie status .
Protecting us from these true threats would take a slice of the profits of the Lockheeds , the Exxons and the rest of the owning class .
War on Terror is class war by other means — to keep you from asking for real protection from true menace , the landlords of our nation give you fake protection from manufactured dangers .
And they remind you to be afraid every time you fly to see Aunt Millie and have to give up your hemorrhoid ointment to the underpaid guy in the bell - hop suit with a security badge .
Oh , hey , you never got the punch line .
So , Osama Walks into This Bar , See ? and Bush says , “ Whad 'l ' ya have , pardner ? ” and Osama says , “ Well , George , what are you serving today ? ” and Bush says , “ Fear , ” and Osama shouts , “ Fear for everybody ! ” and George pours it on for the crowd .
Then the presidential bartender says , “ Hey , who 's buying ? ” and Osama points a thumb at the crowd sucking down their brew .
“ They are , ” he says .
And the two of them share a quiet laugh .
*****
Greg Palast is the author of the just - released New York Times bestseller , “ ARMED MADHOUSE : Who 's Afraid of Osama Wolf ? , China Floats Bush Sinks , the Scheme to Steal ' 08 , No Child 's Behind Left and other Dispatches from the Front Lines of the Class War ” from which this is adapted .
Go to www.GregPalast.com.
Over the past few years , Weblogs ( or blogs ) have taken the Web by storm .
According to the Wikipedia definition , a Weblog is " a Web application which contains periodic posts on a common Webpage .
These posts are often but not necessarily in reverse chronological order . "
Basically , if you publish content on a periodic basis , a blogging package may simplify your publishing workflow .
This article assumes that you ’re familiar with the basics of blogging and would like to start your own Weblog ; for more information on what blogging ’s all about , see Aaron Brazell ’s article , The Blogger ’s Primer .
Why Have a Blog ?
Part of the Web professional ’s job is to keep abreast of current trends in technology .
Even if you never choose to run a Weblog yourself , it ’s good to understand the functionality blogs offer in case a client or your employer has an idea or business need that could be supported by a blogging software package .
Some of the uses for blogs include :
Personal : an individual may want a blog to help keep family and friends informed of what ’s going on in their lives .
an individual may want a blog to help keep family and friends informed of what ’s going on in their lives .
Topical : some blogs are devoted to a specific topic , such as politics or computer hardware .
These often read more like magazines than blogs .
some blogs are devoted to a specific topic , such as politics or computer hardware .
These often read more like magazines than blogs .
Marketing : corporations are getting into blogging ; when well - executed , this type of blog can be a great tool for corporate communications , creating excitement about products and services , or used as an internal tool to keep employees up - to - date on company news .
Why Use Someone Else ’s Software ?
Many
Web developers will scoff at the idea of using somebody else ’s software .
This is especially true when the software differs greatly from the specific needs a client has .
However , when it comes to Weblog software , there ’s little reason to fear using a pre-written package .
Many of these packages have years of development work behind them ; they were not thrown together over a weekend and are consistently stable .
Another good reason to use a pre-written package is the feature set .
It would take any developer months to write from scratch every feature in today ’s top Weblog software packages .
For most of us , this is simply not a good use of our time .
Besides , if you ’re choosing to publish your writings on the Web , you ’ll probably want to spend more time writing and less time coding .
What ’s on Offer ?
So , you ’re considering using a pre-written package for your blog .
You may still be confused about what exactly is out there , though .
In short , there are two types of packages you can use : the hosted service , and self - hosted packages .
Hosted Services
If you would like to start publishing on the Web , but you do n’t have any Web hosting , you may want to look into a hosted service for your needs .
These services include TypePad , Blogger , LiveJournal , and more .
All of these services are managed for you , so you never have to worry about technical maintenance of your Weblog : instead , you can focus on your blog ’s content and appearance .
You can get up and running with these services within minutes of signing up for an account , which is great if you need to publish in short order .
Many of these services , like Blogger , are free , but some , including TypePad , may charge a nominal monthly fee .
Since these services are well - known and their Websites explain their offerings in great detail , the hosted services will not be the main focus of this article .
Self - Hosted
If you have Web hosting available ( or are willing to purchase hosting ) and feel that the benefits will outweigh the drawbacks of maintaining your own blog installation , you ’ll want to consider a self - hosted package .
These include Movable Type , WordPress , and Textpattern , all of which I ’ll review in this article .
As I said earlier , these packages will require you to perform installation and maintenance tasks .
Some hosting companies have made the installation process a little easier , allowing one - click installation from a browser - based control panel .
Check with your hosting company to see if this functionality is available to you .
Like hosted services , these packages may be offered free of charge , or for a fee , depending on the package you select and the reason why you ’re using it .
Let ’s look at some of the market ’s major offerings now .
Movable Type
Movable Type is the brainchild of Ben and Mena Trott of Six Apart .
In 2001 , Mena was maintaining a Weblog by creating and editing HTML pages manually .
Movable Type was created to make publishing and managing her Weblog a much simpler process .
Version 1.0 was released in October of 2001 ; the current version as of this writing is 3.17 .
Features
Movable
Type was the first major package available for Weblogs , and is arguably the most popular package in use today .
It is written in Perl , a popular scripting language that runs on nearly every operating system , and can use a variety of databases to store blog content , including MySQL , SQLite , Berkeley DB , or even PostgreSQL .
A wealth of plugins that can bring new functionality to your basic installation are available for Movable Type .
Movable Type is quite easy to manage .
It features a template editor that allows you to alter the look and feel of your Weblog , and offers an intuitive template tag language to provide greater control over the type of content that ’s displayed on your templates .
Movable
Type has the simplest administration interface of the three packages reviewed , offering easy access to commonly - used features , and in - depth documentation .
And , of the packages reviewed , this is the only one that can run multiple blogs from the same installation .
This means that you can run many blogs simultaneously ( for example , on a group site at which each member has his or her own blog ) , yet you can manage them all from one location .
Six Apart also offers paid support for Movable Type , which is great for those who use blogs in a corporate setting .
Below is a screenshot of the Moveable Type admin interface .
Licensing
Movable
Type is not an open source project like the other packages reviewed , but an unsupported , personal use license is available at no cost .
This version of Movable Type limits use of the software to one author and three blogs per installation .
If you need more authors or blogs , or would like to purchase support , versions of the software that include these features start at US $ 69.95 .
Various pricing levels are available for business , educational , and non-profit licenses : check the Movable Type pricing page for details .
Possible Pitfalls
No blog software is perfect .
Since the Movable Type software is ubiquitous , it ’s also a more likely target for spam and other attacks than some of the less widely - used packages .
Plugins are available to help bloggers fight spam , and no Movable Type installation should be without one .
It ’s because of the potential for spam and other attacks that a few hosting companies still will not allow the installation of Movable Type on their servers : check with your hosting company to see if Movable Type is allowed .
Movable Type ’s static publishing functionality is both a blessing and a curse .
The benefit of static publishing is that it provides bloggers a physical output of their Website , which can be backed up easily .
However , making changes , such as modifying templates , can become a tedious process across a static blog , since you have to wait for every file to be updated before you can perform another task .
Once your blog contains more than a few entries , rebuilding it will take a very long time .
Movable
Type also has the unfortunate honor of being the most difficult package to install .
The installation instructions that come with the package are clear , but a lot of configuration needs to be done before you can log in and publish content .
Installation of Movable
Type takes about an hour , on average , to complete , while the other packages reviewed here were installed in under 15 minutes .
Example Movable Type Blogs
There are many great examples of Movable Type blogs all over the Web .
Here are a few :
WordPress
WordPress originally began as a fork of an older open source package known as B2 .
The original developer of B2 had stepped away from the project , so Matt Mullenweg decided to form a new project using the code contained in B2 ; he called that project WordPress .
Like B2 , WordPress is open source , which means that any user can modify the source code to better meet their needs .
Because of its licensing options and feature set , WordPress has become very popular among bloggers .
The current version of WordPress is 1.5.1 .
Features
WordPress is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database to store content .
This is great for most Web developers , since PHP is a popular language , and MySQL is a free and popular database .
Like Movable Type , WordPress can run on a variety of platforms : most hosting companies will already have installed everything you need to run a WordPress blog .
Of all the software packages reviewed , WordPress was the easiest to install .
The installation guide is called " 5 Minute Installation " , and it lives up to its name .
You really can go from zero to blogging in five minutes if everything goes smoothly during your installation of this software .
WordPress is perhaps the most developer - friendly package , offering a very extensible base to work from , and a variety of plugins that add functionality to your installation .
WordPress is also highly flexible in both its presentation and management , allowing numerous options in URL style ( for search engine - friendly links ) , syndication feeds and formats , and offering easy - to - use theme and plugin management interfaces .
WordPress also has better comment spam management features out of the box , which will make the security - conscious among us very happy .
Here ’s its interface :
WordPress can be used for much more than blogs .
WordPress ’s " Pages " feature lets you create pages that sit outside of the structure of your blog entries .
This is useful if you would like to create pages that do n’t necessarily relate to the areas on which you normally publish ( for example , an " About Us " page on a corporate blog ) , but which you ’d like to manage from a familiar interface .
With features like Pages , and a little extra configuration , WordPress can be used as a fully - fledged content management system .
Licensing
WordPress is licensed under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
This means that you ’re free to modify and distribute WordPress ’s source code as long as the code you redistribute is also licensed under the GPL .
WordPress is available as a free download .
Because it ’s free , paid support is not available , but a very friendly and active community is available for help at the WordPress Support Forums .
Possible Pitfalls
While WordPress includes better spam fighting features in the base installation than do some other blog packages , it ’s still a big target for spammers because of its large installed base .
Taking further measures to combat spam through plugins is recommended .
WordPress may not be the friendliest package for a non-technical user to manage .
WordPress ’s templates use PHP code , rather than a tag - based system , so it may be slightly more difficult for non-developers to change the look and feel of a WordPress blog than one created by some other package .
Overall , the administrative interface feels more suited to advanced users than does that of Movable Type .
However , if you ’re the type that loves to tinker , WordPress is probably the system for you .
Finally , WordPress has no multi-blog feature ( like that offered by MovableType ) in its official distribution .
A multi-blog version of WordPress is available , but as of this writing , it ’s still a separate project and some may feel uneasy about not using the official WordPress releases .
Example WordPress Blogs
Below are some example WordPress blogs :
Textpattern
Textpattern began as the brainchild of author Dean Allen .
Textpattern was created to ease the painful process of publishing Web content , and to make it easy for those who do n’t know HTML to publish on their own .
Textpattern can be used to manage many different types of content , but its most common application is for blogs .
The current version as of this writing is 1.0rc4 .
Features
Like WordPress , Textpattern is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database to store content , which means that it will run on just about any platform that WordPress can run on ( though Textpattern specifies Apache as a requirement , which WordPress does not ) .
It also means that PHP developers can easily extend Textpattern if they so choose .
However , what really sets Textpattern apart from the competition is its integration of Textile , and its Sections feature .
Textile is a tool that allows the easy formatting of Web content by those who do n’t know HTML .
It ’s described as a " humane Web text generator " by its author ( a demonstration of Textile is available ) .
Textile makes it easy for those who do n’t know HTML to format their entries with headings , links , images , lists , and more using just a few simple characters , which Textpattern converts to HTML for publication .
Textile formatting is available for WordPress and Movable Type as well , but for these packages , it ’s not the default publishing method like it is in Textpattern .
This functionality makes it easy for non-developers to start writing quickly .
Another powerful feature that ’s built into Textpattern is Sections .
Sections allow for the easy separation of various types of content in better ways than most normal category classification systems can .
Each Section can also use a different template or style sheet , and have its own publishing settings , such as whether entries in that section show up on the front page listing , or in syndication feeds .
This is very useful if you use Textpattern for more than blogging purposes .
For example , a Web developer might use Textpattern to run his or her business site , setting up one section for portfolio entries , and another section for news and announcements .
Textpattern is also much more resistant to comment spam than both WordPress and Movable Type .
Features such as forced comment preview ( meaning that a visitor to your site must preview their comment before it is approved ) all but eliminate automated spam attacks , and since Textpattern is used less frequently than WordPress or Movable Type , there are less attacks targeting it specifically .
On a personal note , when my blogs were running Movable Type and WordPress I would have to clear out spam at least every few days .
Since I migrated to Textpattern four months ago , I have n’t received a single spam comment .
Finally , basic visitor logging and reporting capabilities are built into Textpattern ’s default installation .
While most hosting companies offer visitor statistics , it ’s nice to be able to log into Textpattern and view your latest visitors quickly .
Below is the Textpattern interface :
Licensing
Textpattern is licensed under a dual - license model .
For personal use , Textpattern is free to download and is licensed under the GNU General Public License .
Different pricing and licensing models may apply for business use ; check the TextBook page on licensing to see if your application meets those requirements .
Possible Pitfalls
While Textile is very powerful , there is also a bit of a learning curve associated with it if you want your content to come out a certain way .
This may catch new users off guard at first , but most people tend to get through the learning curve quickly .
One glaring omission from Textpattern — one that both Movable Type and WordPress include — is Trackback .
Trackback is a technology that allows other blogs to alert your site when a topic related to one of your entries is published .
Usually , a Trackback will append a link to your site from the other blog , which is useful if you are trying to become a well - known blogger .
However , the downside of Trackback is that it can be abused for spamming purposes , so you may save time by not having to manage irrelevant comments .
Finally , at the time of writing , Textpattern ’s latest release is still not stable : it ’s a release candidate .
If you ’re the type of person who must use stable software releases , then you may have to wait a few more months before you will feel confident to use Textpattern .
Example Textpattern Weblogs
Below are a few example Textpattern blogs :
Wrapping Up
Each of these systems has its good features , as well as features that may not be as well developed as those offered by the competition .
Below is a side - by - side comparison of the considered packages , based on criteria that most Web professionals will look for in a blog software system .
The rankings are based on a 1 to 5 scale , 5 being highest .
Which Package is the Right One ?
If you add up the ratings assigned above , the assessment favors WordPress over Movable Type and Textpattern , but it ’s important to remember that no single package is perfect for everybody , or every type of content .
The different strengths of these products make each particularly suitable to particular circumstances .
Below is a quick explanation of a situation in which each package can be put to its best use .
Movable Type , while being the most likely target for spam , is the only option in many scenarios .
If you need the simplest administrative interface , or you need to manage multiple blogs from one place , there is no better way to go .
Movable
Type is also your only option of the three if you ca n’t use MySQL as your database : it ’s the only option that supports multiple database systems .
Finally , Movable
Type is best for those who value having support and accountability from a single company — something that ca n’t be obtained with the open source solutions .
Just make sure your host will allow you to install Movable Type on their servers .
WordPress is a great package for the technically inclined .
If you ’re a PHP developer who likes to tinker with the internals of an application , then WordPress is likely right up your alley .
WordPress is also the best fit if you want to manage static content through the same interface as your dynamic content — thanks to its Pages feature — and the flexibility in its configuration options , and easy setup , make WordPress tough to beat .
Textpattern , the system I ’ve chosen , is best for those whose primary purpose is publishing content rather than maintaining a Weblog installation .
It may also be the package of choice for those who do n’t want to deal with comment spam , at the expense of losing the ability to send and receive Trackbacks .
Textpattern is also a great fit for general Website management , given its handy Sections feature .
No one package I reviewed is better than all others in all situations , though some do suit certain situations better than the others .
If your blog meets the criteria I laid out for a particular package , then you should give it some consideration .
Otherwise , try them all out , and see which one works best for you .
The right package should be the one that optimizes the productivity of your Web content publishing : that ’s all that matters .
Please find enclosed my invoice for £ 1,200 sterling for administrative and consulting work , caused by the need to repair Microsoft sabotage .
I dare say you 'd like details :
Last night , your organisation destroyed about three hours worth of work I 'd done .
The work was a set of notes being made in a text editor which I am required to use by one of my clients .
All the files were open last night , when a family emergency occurred , and I was unable to devote the 10 minutes required to closing them down .
I was logged into a remote system with a one - time login , which I can not get clearance for again till Tuesday .
And I had several websites open on my desktop .
During the night , Microsoft took it upon itself to update my computer .
I arrived at work to find a message stating : " Windows recently downloaded and installed an important security update to help protect your computer .
This update required an automatic restart of your computer . "
I have gone to some trouble to ensure that this does n't happen .
I have set Windows Update to " custom " - meaning that I will decide which updates I need to install , and how the update will be handled .
And when an update says " this requires a restart " I have always specified that I will restart the machine at a time of my own choosing .
When you chose , on your own initiative , to disregard all my precautions and reboot this PC last night , I not only had several notes in progress ; I also had about a half - dozen web browser windows open .
It has taken me the best part of three hours to try to recall what I had discovered , and where - and I honestly doubt I will be able to recover the majority of those URLs .
They took considerable research to find .
This event is n't the only example of Microsoft 's assumption that my own preferences can be disregarded in favour of Redmond 's whims .
I could quote the behaviour of my mouse .
When I first had a Windows machine , it was a 12 MHz 386 computer .
The mouse was a real - time peripheral .
I mean by that , that if I moved the mouse , the pointer on the screen moved .
These days , I have a machine with a processor of 1.2 GHz clock speed .
Just to make that clear : it 's exactly a hundred times faster in its operations than that old 386 .
Where the 386 had one meg of memory , this one has exactly a thousand times as much .
The disk on that one was around 50 megabytes : this one is 30 Gigabytes .
And yet , if I move the mouse , the software which now runs on this machine cannot keep up with it !
The pointer starts to move , then hits a patch on the screen .
" Hang on a moment !
I have no idea where to move the pointer , " says Windows .
" I 'll have to go and search my disk for the data which creates the images on the screen - I may be some time ... "
Indeed , it may be .
Typically , if I have n't used the mouse for a minute or so , it will be 10 to 20 seconds before the pointer stops lurching randomly around the screen , trying to work out , approximately , where I might have expected it to be if it had been able to follow the impulses from the device .
And if I inadvertently click it !
- well , the fact that I saw , clearly , that the mouse was on a button I urgently needed to click , is irrelevant to Redmond .
Redmond knows best ; it will pretty randomly find a group of pixels , assign a purpose and function to them , and start doing whatever that seems to indicate .
Shall we talk about file downloads ?
When I ask Internet Explorer to download a file , I expect it to arrive on my disk .
It may take some time , and so , since Windows is supposed to be able to make this possible , I 'll get on with some other work in some other program .
I might , for example , write a letter .
In the middle of my typing , there is a flicker on the screen .
What was it ?
It was Internet Explorer and Windows Explorer .
The one signalled the end of the download .
The other popped up a modal dialogue box , asking me if I wanted to cancel the download ? - and the next time I pressed the space bar , it took this as " yes , cancel ! "
I only know this because I 've seen the dialogue box before .
While typing , the message appears , and disappears , too fast for the eye to register .
Again we have my computer doing , not what I want it to do , but what Redmond has decided is most convenient for Redmond .
Of course , the file may be corrupted even if it does get downloaded .
I can tell Internet Explorer to download it again .
" File exists - replace ? " it asks .
" Yes . "
Does it replace it ?
No ! - it checks to see if the file appears to be on the disk , and it then pretends to download it .
But in fact , the " download " takes place in a fraction of a second , and the same , corrupt file is left on the disk .
The only way of getting the correct file is to go to the disk directly , delete the corrupt file , and then go back and download .
Again , Redmond knows what is best , and my opinions , as the operator of the machine , can be safely disregarded .
I really could offer another dozen examples , including the Language Bar , the task bar , the behaviour of " standard " shortcuts ... and if you 're interested , I can forward the list ... no ?
Thought not .
With the invoice for my consulting time , please find a message from me , and from many of my readers , who assure me they feel the same way .
The message says : " You are not making any friends like this . "
Your programmers need to be reminded that the convenience of Redmond is not our purpose in buying a computer .
They should recall that these apparently irritating procedural trivia ( to them ) are things that matter to us .
The fact that they feel able to ignore this sort of complaint ( indeed , this is n't the first time I 've written along these lines , and I 'm not alone ) shows clearly that Redmond regards itself as above criticism .
The word for this behaviour is " arrogant " .
It will come back to haunt you .
Copyright © Newswireless.net
How schools are destroying the joy of reading By Patrick Welsh
The recent news has n't been too good for English teachers like me .
In July , the results from the National Assessment of Educational Progress , a congressionally mandated standardized test , showed the reading skills of high school students have n't improved since 1999 .
And last week , the Pew Research Center 's Internet Project reported that for today 's teenagers , " the Internet and cell phones have become a central force that fuels the rhythm of daily life . "
Eighty - seven percent of America 's kids ages 12 to 17 spend time online .
E-mail is no longer fast enough for most teens who are using instant messenger and text messaging to keep up with their friends .
Faced with declining literacy and the ever - growing distractions of the electronic media , faced with the fact that — Harry Potter fans aside — so few kids curl up with a book and read for pleasure anymore , what do we teachers do ?
We saddle students with textbooks that would turn off even the most passionate reader .
Just before the school year ended in June , my colleagues in the English department at T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria , Va. , and central office administrators discussed which textbook to adopt for the 9th - and 10th - grade World Literature course for next year .
Of the four texts that the state approved , the choices came down to two : the Elements of Literature : World Literature from Holt , Rinehart and Winston and The Language of Literature : World Literature from McDougal Littell .
The problems with these two tomes are similar to the problems with high school textbooks in most subjects .
First , there 's the well - documented weight problem .
The American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons has said that an increase in back injuries among children might be attributed to the enormous textbooks they lug around in their backpacks .
Injuries aside , what kid is going to sit in a chair and relax with a heavy hardcover , 9 - inch - by - 11 - inch compendium ?
Worse is the fact that for all their bulk , the textbooks are feather - weight intellectually .
Substance lacking
So , what books get passing grades ?
High school English teacher Patrick Welsh 's assessment of two textbooks — and a few alternatives :
What does n't work ...
The Language of Literature : World Literature ( McDougal Littel ) Assessment : Reduces literature to memorizing authors ' names and dates .
By trying to please every racial and ethnic group , it includes boring and inconsequential literature .
Weight : 7 pounds
Pages : 1,551
Complete poems : 63
Complete short stories : 15
Complete plays : 4
Excerpts : 44
Elements of Literature : World Literature ( Holt , Rinehart and Winston )
Assessment : Pitched to the lowest common denominator of teacher and student .
The classic " read the chapter and answer the questions at the end " kind of text .
A dearth of good literature .
Weight : 5.6 pounds
Pages : 1,275
Complete poems : 95 ( 13 of which are four - line haikus )
Complete short stories : 19
Complete plays : 0
Excerpts : 36
What does work ...
Literature : A Portable Anthology ( Bedfore / St. Martin's Press )
Assessment :
Half the price , a third of the weight and double the literature of the other two .
Has great mix of poems and plays both classic and modern and appealing short stories .
Weight : 2 pounds
Pages : 1,480
Complete poems : 250
Complete short stories : 35
Complete plays : 9
Excerpts : 0
Whole paperback books :
A Streetcar Named Desire , by Tennessee Williams
Night , by Elie Wiesel
The Catcher in the Rye , by J.D. Salinger Take the McDougal Littell text that we finally adopted for 9th - and 10th - graders .
It starts off with a unit titled " Mesopotamian , Egyptian and Hebrew Literature , " followed by sections on the literature of Ancient India , Ancient Greece , Ancient Rome , Ancient China and Japan .
Then comes " Persian and Arabic Literature " and " West African Oral Literature " — and that 's only the first third of the book .
There are still more than 800 pages to plough through , but it 's the same drill — short excerpts from long works — a little Dante here , a little Goethe there and two whole pages dedicated to Shakespeare 's plays .
One even has a picture of a poster from the film Shakespeare in Love with Joseph Fiennes kissing Gwyneth Paltrow .
The other includes the following ( which is sure to turn teens on to the Bard ) : " Notice the insight about human life that the following lines from The Tempest convey :
We are such stuff
As dreams are made on ; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep .
Shakespeare 's plays are treasures of the English language . "
Both books are full of obtrusive directions , comments , questions and pictures that would hinder even the attentive readers from becoming absorbed in the readings .
Both also " are not reader - friendly .
There is no narrative coherence that a student can follow and get excited about .
It 's a little bit of this and a little bit of that , " says T.C. Williams reading specialist Chris Gutierrez , who teaches a course in reading strategies at Shenandoah University in Virginia .
For kids who get books and reading opportunities only at school , these types of textbooks will drive them away from reading — perhaps for life .
Such texts bastardize literature and history , reducing authors and their works to historical facts to be memorized — what Alfie Kohn , author of The Schools Our Children Deserve , calls " the bunch o' facts " theory of learning .
Students are jerked from one excerpt of literature to another , given no chance for the kind of sustained reading that stimulates the imagination .
One of the most popular books I teach is Night , Elie Wiesel 's powerful remembrance about Nazi concentration camps .
Even the most reluctant readers are enthralled by the 109 - page narrative .
The Holt , Rinehart and Winston World Literature text throws in seven pages of Night , cheating students out of the experience of reading the whole work and giving them the illusion that they know the book .
With my subject , English , special problems exist — any literature that has a whiff of controversy is kept out of texts to appease the moralists on the right , while second - rate " multicultural " literature is put in to appease the politically correct on the left .
Quality is ' secondary '
As researcher Diane Ravitch , author of The Language Police , wrote in the summer 2003 issue of American Educator , " Literary quality became secondary to representational issues .
"
You will never see John Updike 's A&P or Toni Cade Bambara 's The Lesson - great short stories that kids can easily relate to — in these tomes because they might offend groups on either side of the political spectrum .
No matter how highly esteemed poet Denise Levertov is in academia , The Mutes — her poem that evokes intense discussion about sexual harassment — will never make its way into the bland 1,000 - plus pages of a high school textbook .
The McDougal Littell text proudly lists its 10 - member " Multicultural Advisory Board " in its introduction .
A similar problem exists with math and science books .
A study of textbooks by the American Association for the Advancement of Science concluded : " Today 's textbooks cover too many topics without developing any of them well .
Central concepts are not covered in enough depth to give students a chance to truly understand them . "
' Teacher - proofing '
Teachers who did n't major in science tend to " use textbooks — lean on them — more than better - qualified teachers do , " Arthur Eisenkraft , former president of the National Science Teachers Association , told Science News in 2001 .
The desire of school officials to make courses teacher - proof — to put more faith in bland compendiums than in the skill of teachers — is only getting stronger with the spread of high - stakes state exams .
Textbook companies now get state approval by boasting that their wares cover every possible skill demanded on state tests .
The safe thing for school systems to do is to limit themselves to the state - approved books ; if a school district adopts its own materials and its test scores go down , administrators could take the fall .
The fact is that for all the anxiety schools have about state exams , with the exception of science and math , those exams have turned into nothing more than minimum competency tests that any average student can pass with little preparation .
And no decent teacher needs a 1,500 - page text to prepare below - average students for these dumbed - down tests .
It 's time for states and school districts to kick the mega - textbook habit that four or five big corporations control and start spending money on the kind of books that will make kids want to do sustained reading , to get lost in the written word .
For English classes , that 's paperback novels ( whole novels ) and collections of short stories ( complete short stories ) and poetry .
Patrick Welsh is an English teacher at T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria , Va. , and a member of USA TODAY 's board of contributors .
Julian Beever is an English artist who is famous for his art on the pavements of England , France , Germany , USA , Australia and Belgium .
Its peculiarity ?
Beever gives his drawings an anamorphosis view , his images are drawn in such a way which gives them three dimensionality when viewing from the correct angle .
It 's amazing !!!
Companies keep finding ways to misplace consumers ' personal data .
Courier services lose tapes on their way to long - term storage facilities ; malevolent social engineers con their way into access ; laptop computers holding multiple databases are stolen .
We hear a lot about these kinds of things now because a new California law requires companies to disclose to consumers when their data has been compromised .
It should be obvious , though , that data loss has been happening for some time , because the level of security in these cases seems to have been , at best , pervasively inadequate .
All of which makes me wonder :
Why are companies keeping our data at all ?
Would n't they and we be better off in the long run if data was n't collected and stored in the first place ?
This sounds counterintuitive , and it certainly goes against today 's common business practices .
It 's basically been an article of faith that gathering , storing and massaging ever more data is a good thing .
Information can be power .
It helps determine risk and reward .
It helps a company know its various constituents better , including customers and suppliers .
And it 's worth money .
The current model fails in two areas .
One , as noted , is with shamefully lax security .
The other is the perverse notion that our personal lives are a commodity to be bought , sold and traded without serious regard for privacy or the consequences of sloppy handling .
This does n't even take into account the common problem of data that is outright false .
It is distressing that most personal information such as what we spend and where we spend it , not to mention the ultimate skeleton key for identity thieves , our Social Security numbers can be bartered at all .
And when information is compromised or incorrect , consumers are largely responsible for cleaning up the chaos that results .
The data collection system is , at long last , beginning to fray at the edges .
Consumers are growing more worried and angry over what they 're learning about shoddy storage and trading practices .
A recent survey by Harris Interactive found an increase in identity theft and a decrease in consumer confidence that negatively affected purchasing decisions .
The worst practices are drawing the attention of trial lawyers who , in the absence of more serious government enforcement , are prosecuting the promise - breakers .
But the California law may be a canary in the coal mine for keepers of data , because it signals the possible reappearance of legislators into an arena they 've tried hard to avoid a natural tendency , given the prodigious amounts of campaign contributions legislators have collected from the data collectors and sellers .
It 's in this context that we should be asking whether the rewards of holding on to consumer data are worth the trouble and whether it 's possible to create an infrastructure that gives consumers much more control over their information from the outset .
Eric Norlin , a vice president at Ping Identity Corp. , and a longtime writer on these matters , advocates " federated identity " a decentralized system that would have the effect of giving consumers just this sort of granular control .
" This is about customers being able to make their identities portable , " he says , " to allow individuals to present the ID they choose to present to the service provider . "
For example , if I were buying a plane ticket , I could give the airline permission to charge a certain amount of money to my credit card .
But the airline would n't need access to the actual credit card number if I 'd simultaneously given the card issuer enough information about the transaction to make the transfer .
The bank or other card issuer would need my permission to pay the airline , but the entire transaction could take place in a seamless mesh of business logic , using advanced Web services , that lends parts of my identity to those who need it on a temporary basis .
This leaves a single potential point of failure ( for this transaction , at any rate ) from an identity - theft standpoint : the bank .
Even though banks can , and sometimes do , get careless with data , a financial institution that builds and maintains an excellent record for data security will win more business .
Competition for customers would bring more business to providers that are the most careful .
For such a system to have any chance of working , a variety of technologies is required .
Ultimately , consumers and merchants must trust that the parties they 're dealing with on either side of the transaction are indeed who they 're supposed to be .
Also , data can not be easy to compromise .
So encryption as well as the ability to digitally " sign " what we send around are crucial .
A viable public - key encryption infrastructure meets these requirements , and the technology 's inventor is Whitfield Diffie , Sun Microsystems ' chief security officer .
He questions whether institutions would ever buy into an identity system where the data resided solely with consumers , but says there 's no fundamental technical barrier .
Still , the practical difficulties are not trivial .
Mortgage lenders may lose some of their ability to uncover information borrowers may have failed to disclose , and that would mean greater lending risk .
One way around the problem might be harsher contract sanctions for failing to give lenders correct information when asked , plus a higher interest rate for more limited kinds of disclosure .
In such transactions , people will have to make visible more verified data about themselves than in deals , such as a simple purchase , where the stakes are lower .
Another real - world barrier , Diffie notes , is the lack of a ubiquitous key infrastructure .
The old AT&T could have created that , given its one - time dominance of communications .
Federal agencies such as the National Security Agency had the wherewithal to do it , but the NSA damaged its credibility with the public by trying to exert improper control over encryption .
Federated identity advocates are painstakingly building an infrastructure today that they hope will solve the problems of tomorrow .
One drawback with user - controlled data has nothing to do with business , and that is the government 's wish to spy on us .
Law enforcement might find its job complicated by an identity system that decentralized control and collection of information .
Even so , there is enormous logic and value to society in returning people 's personal lives to their own control .
The credibility of future electronically based commerce may depend on consumers ' trust in the system .
They are losing faith already , and a data Chernobyl is in no one 's interest .
The way we 're going , however , such a meltdown might be hard to avoid .
It would be wise to plan now for the aftermath , wiser still if companies would consider just consider the possibility that data retention itself could be the heart of the problem , and seriously analyze the alternatives .
That alone would move the ball ahead .
Corporate America has an unfortunate addiction to centralized data that it does n't need .
Sometimes , losing control is an advantage .
This is my first column for CIO Insight .
We 're calling it " EdgeWise " to reflect the growing decentralization of today 's information economy .
The insights and endeavors that people ( and their machines ) at the edges of networks feed back to the center , and to each other , are already enormous and they 're expanding .
We see this phenomenon in open - source software projects .
We see it in Weblogs .
We see it in grid computing and mass parallel processing .
You know more than I do .
I hope you 'll tell me things that you know and I do n't and that CIOs need to know .
Let 's make this space a conversation , not a lecture .
Dan Gillmor is author of We the Media : Grassroots - Journalism by the People , for the People and founder of Bayosphere.com , a San Francisco Bay Area Web site .
His next column will appear in December .
Those of us who have been waiting 50 years for the answer to the question " where 's my bloody flying car ? " need wait no longer .
It 's right here on eBay :
Yes indeed , the Moller M400X Skycar may not actually be " certified for use by the Federal Aviation Authority nor as a licensed road vehicle " , but for a bid in excess of the current $ 1,751,750 , you too could hover majestically above your own lawn while the neighbours look on with amazement and envy .
A word of caution , though : the M400X has only ever been tested to an altitude of 40ft and using ground - based remote controls .
Wannabe Biggles are duly warned that once you get in the cockpit , you 're on your own .
We advise life , accident , and third - party liability insurance , and plenty of it . ®
Bootnote
Ok , that 's that one sorted , now where 's the bloody robotic butler I was promised back in 1956 , eh ?
Oh yes , and an aeronautical ta very much to Craig Graham for the Skycar tip - off .
Dear HitTail customers ,
We regret to inform you that HitTail is being shutdown .
The last day HitTail will be available is 16 October 2020 .
You can export your site keywords list before 16 October 2020 by visiting Source Keywords or MY Hot Keywords tab by signing into your hittail account .
In order to provide you with sufficient time to prepare we have extended your subscription to expire on this date at no cost to you .
You can also choose to cancel your subscription anytime prior to this date by following article https://www.hittail.com/faq/cancel to close account .
If you have any questions , please get in touch !
You can email us at service@hittail.com .
This Blog is best viewed in Mozilla Firefox at 1024x768 or higher resolution .
Der Chemie - Nobelpreisträger des Jahres 1994 , George Olah , hält die so genannte " Wasserstoff - Wirtschaft " ( " Hydrogen Economy " ) , bei der künftig emissionsfreie Wasserstoff - basierte Brennstoffzellen Benzin - und Dieselmotoren ersetzen sollen , für eine Schnapsidee .
Olah wurde für seine Forschungsarbeiten im Bereich der Kohlenwasserstoffchemie bekannt , aus der sich unter anderem oktanreichere Kraftstoffe und leichter abbaubare Kohlenwasserstoffe ergaben .
Er ist heute Leiter des Loker - Forschungsinstituts für Kohlenwasserstoffchemie an der University of Southern California .
Seine Argumentation : Energiereserven in Form von Methanol könnten die Abhängigkeit von fossilen Brennstoffen beenden und aus dem Treibhausgas CO2 den Grundstoff für eine neue , Methanol - basierte Wirtschaft machen .
Seine Idee legt er in einem neuen Buch namens " Beyond Oil and Gas : The Mathanol Economy " ( Wiley - VCH ) dar .
Technology Review unterhielt sich mit Olah .
Technology Review : Herr Olah , warum Methanol ?
George Olah : Methanol ist schon für sich genommen ein exzellenter Treibstoff .
Man kann es mit Benzin vermischen und es hat wesentlich bessere Eigenschaften als Ethanol .
Außerdem wurden bereits Methanol - Brennstoffzellen entwickelt .
Methanol hat eine sehr einfache chemische Struktur , die sehr effizient hergestellt werden kann .
Es besteht aus einem Sauerstoffatom , das in eine Methangruppe eingefügt wird ; Methan ist die Grundkomponente von Erdgas .
Methanol lässt sich aber als Flüssigkeit leichter lagern , transportieren und verwenden .
TR : Aber was stört sie an Wasserstoff - Brennstoffzellen ?
Olah : Schon heute wäre es möglich , an jeder Tankstelle Methanol - Zapfsäulen anzubieten .
Man könnte es problemlos und ohne den Aufbau neuer Infrastrukturen abgeben .
Beim Wasserstoff braucht es dagegen eine völlig neue Technik .
Ihr Aufbau wäre enorm teuer oder gar unmöglich .
Wasserstoff ist ein hochflüchtiges
Gas und ohne großen Druck lässt es sich in größeren Mengen so gut wie nicht handhaben .
TR : Methanol ist aber nur eine Methode , Energie zu speichern , keine eigene Energieform an sich wie etwa Benzin .
Wo soll da die Energie herkommen ?
Olah : Das schöne an Methanol ist , dass man jede Energiequelle benutzen könnte .
Egal ob man fossile Brennstoffe einsetzt oder Atomkraftwerke , Wind und Sonnenenergie .
Es ist wesentlich sinnvoller , Energie in eine bequem handhabbare Flüssigkeit umzuwandeln , als sie als flüchtiges Wasserstoffgas zu transportieren .
Außerdem gibt es einen Zusatzvorteil : Man könnte zusätzlich das CO2 in der Atmosphäre reduzieren .
TR : Wie wird Methanol hergestellt ?
Olah : Ein Ansatz wäre , die bestehenden riesigen Reserven an Erdgas umzuwandeln , dies aber auf völlig neuen Wegen zu tun .
Heute wird Methanol ausschließlich aus Erdgas hergestellt .
Es wird teilverbrannt und dabei in Synthesegas umgewandelt , das man dann zu Methanol umbauen kann .
Es gibt nun aber Methoden , wie man Methanol ganz ohne dieses Synthesegas herstellen könnte .
Der zweite Ansatz hat mit CO2 zu tun .
Meine Gruppe gehört zu den Miterfindern der direkten Methanol - Brennstoffzelle .
Sie verwendet Methanol und produziert CO2 und Wasser .
Uns fiel auf , dass man diesen Prozess womöglich umkehren könnte .
Dem ist tatsächlich so : Man nimmt CO2 und Wasser plus elektrischen Strom und reduziert beides chemisch zu Methanol .
Das zweite Standbein unserer Methanol - Wirtschaft wäre also , CO2 sofort an den Stellen zu recyceln , wo es in großen Mengen entsteht , etwa an den Abluftschächten von Erdgas - Kraftwerken .
Später könnte man das CO2 auch aus der Luft nehmen , aber das wird nicht über Nacht passieren .
TR : Würde das die Gefahr von CO2 als Treibhausgas reduzieren ?
Olah : Die Regierung will CO2 am liebsten einsperren .
Man hört beispielsweise , dass man CO2 in der Erde vergraben oder auf dem Seeboden loswerden könnte .
Aber wie lange würde es da unten bleiben ?
CO2 ist ein sehr flüchtiges Material .
Auch unter den besten Konditionen wird es sich irgendwann befreien .
Unser Ansatz ist ein ganz anderer :
Wenn wir das CO2 loswerden wollen , müssen wir es einfangen .
Und warum sollte man es dann nicht als neues Ausgangsmaterial recyceln ?
TR : In letzter Zeit hört man viel davon , wie sinnvoll es wäre , Benzin durch Ethanol aus biologischen Quellen zu ersetzen und gleichzeitig bessere Batterien für hocheffiziente Hybridfahrzeuge zu entwickeln .
Hat beides einen Platz in Ihrem Modell der Methanol - Wirtschaft ?
Olah : Ich glaube , dass wir alle Möglichkeiten verfolgen sollten .
Es gibt keine einzelne Lösung für dieses Problem .
Ich glaube allerdings auch , dass wir , wenn wir uns die Zahlen unvoreingenommen ansehen , zu dem Schluss kommen werden , dass biologische Quellen allein das Problem nicht lösen können .
Der US - Präsident erwähnte kürzlich die Idee , aus Zellulose - Material Ethanol herzustellen .
Im Prinzip ist das möglich , aber es ist eine sehr schwere , kaum entwickelte und meiner Meinung nach unrealistische Technologie .
Besser Batterien sollten wir natürlich entwickeln .
Aber Brennstoffzellen sind realistisch betrachtet heute wesentlich bequemer als jede Batterie .
TR : Welche Schritte müssten wir unternehmen , um uns in Richtung Methanol - Wirtschaft zu bewegen ?
Olah :
Ich gehöre zu denjenigen , die stark daran glauben , dass diese technischen Entwicklungen von den großen Firmen vollzogen werden müssen .
Der Energiekonzern ExxonMobil hätte sicher die Mittel .
Bislang sind sie aber noch nicht zu vernünftigen Lösungen gekommen , was natürlich schlecht ist .
Ich glaube , dass sie die Idee einer Methanol - Wirtschaft nicht besonders mögen .
Wenn man auf großen Öl - und Gas - Mengen sitzt und damit enorme Profite macht oder eben ein arabisches Land ist , das große Vorkommen und damit großen Reichtum besitzt , wird man auf einen verrückten Typen nicht gerade positiv reagieren , der etwas davon erzählt , dass die Menschheit die ultimative Lösung für das Energieproblem besitzt , ohne davon abhängig zu sein , was im Boden steckt .
Sollte diese Methanol - Wirtschaft funktionieren ( und daran glaube ich ) , gäbe es kein Monopol für die Ölfirmen mehr .
Große Chemiefirmen könnten das gleiche tun - oder sogar besser .
Nun braucht es aber noch die Politiker und eine Öffentlichkeit , die sagt , man will vernünftige Lösungen überhaupt verfolgen .
TR : Wie dringend brauchen wir eine Lösung ?
Olah : Der Mensch verwendet Kohle seit der Industriellen Revolution im großen Stil , die nun gut 250 Jahre zurückliegt .
Wir haben heute bereits zu einem großen Teil das , was uns die Natur gegeben hat , verbraucht .
Ich sage zwar nicht , dass wir von heute auf morgen keine Energie mehr haben , aber wir sollten uns jetzt Gedanken machen , wie wir damit in Zukunft umgehen wollen .
Die USA importieren heute viel verflüssigtes Erdgas .
Es gibt viele Quellen - Nigeria , die Vereinigten Arabischen Emirate , die Nordsee und so weiter .
Der Energiegehalt eines einzigen Erdgas - Tankers entspricht dem einer mittelgroßen Wasserstoffbombe .
Terroristen versuchen schon länger , Raffinerien in die Luft zu jagen und ein großer Tanker wäre für sie ein sehr lohnendes Ziel .
Wer kann denn garantieren , dass das nicht geschieht ?
Eine realistische
Lösung wäre auch hier , Erdgas so effizient wie möglich in ein sicheres flüssiges Produkt wie Methanol umzuwandeln .
Jeder Forscher meint , er vollbringe wichtige Arbeit , doch ich glaube , dass diese Forschung im Methanol - Sektor das wichtigste ist , was ich in meiner Karriere getan habe .
Sie könnte große Auswirkungen auf die Gesellschaft haben .
Übersetzung : Ben Schwan . ( wst )
I believe it is my patriotic duty to urge a different path to protecting America 's security :
To focus on al Qaeda , which is an imminent threat , and to use our resources to improve and strengthen the security and safety of our home front and our people while working with the other nations of the world to contain Saddam Hussein .
. . .
Had I been a member of the Senate , I would have voted against the resolution that authorized the President to use unilateral force against Iraq - unlike others in that body now seeking the presidency .
To this day , the President has not made a case that war against Iraq , now , is necessary to defend American territory , our citizens , our allies , or our essential interests .
The Administration has not explained how a lasting peace , and lasting security , will be achieved in Iraq once Saddam Hussein is toppled .
I , for one , am not ready to abandon the search for better answers .
As a doctor , I was trained to treat illness , and to examine a variety of options before deciding which to prescribe .
I worried about side effects and took the time to see what else might work before proceeding to high - risk measures .
. . .
We have been told over and over again what the risks will be if we do not go to war .
We have been told little about what the risks will be if we do go to war .
If we go to war , I certainly hope the Administration 's assumptions are realized , and the conflict is swift , successful and clean .
I certainly hope our armed forces will be welcomed like heroes and liberators in the streets of Baghdad .
I certainly hope Iraq emerges from the war stable , united and democratic .
I certainly hope terrorists around the world conclude it is a mistake to defy America and cease , thereafter , to be terrorists .
It is possible , however , that events could go differently , and that the Iraqi Republican Guard will not sit out in the desert where they can be destroyed easily from the air .
It is possible that Iraq will try to force our troops to fight house to house in the middle of cities - on its turf , not ours - where precision - guided missiles are of little use .
. . .
There are other risks .
Iraq is a divided country , with Sunni , Shia and Kurdish factions that share both bitter rivalries and access to large quantities of arms .
Iran and Turkey each have interests in Iraq they will be tempted to protect with or without our approval .
. . .
Some people simply brush aside these concerns , saying there were also a lot of dire predictions before the first Gulf War , and that those did n't come true .
We have learned through experience to have confidence in our armed forces - and that confidence is very well deserved .
But if you talk to military leaders , they will tell you there is a big difference between pushing back the Iraqi armed forces in Kuwait and trying to defeat them on their home ground .
There are limits to what even our military can do .
Technology is not the solution to every problem .
UPDATE
In his testimony , Mr. Wolfowitz ticked off several reasons why he believed a much smaller coalition peacekeeping force than General Shinseki envisioned would be sufficient to police and rebuild postwar Iraq .
He said there was no history of ethnic strife in Iraq , as there was in Bosnia or Kosovo .
He said Iraqi civilians would welcome an American - led liberation force that " stayed as long as necessary but left as soon as possible , " but would oppose a long - term occupation force .
And he said that nations that oppose war with Iraq would likely sign up to help rebuild it .
" I would expect that even countries like France will have a strong interest in assisting Iraq in reconstruction , " Mr. Wolfowitz said .
With more and more prominent administration supporters now admitting that our invasion of Iraq has turned out to be a disaster , and acknowledging that a vicious and tragic religious civil war is rapidly unfolding , it is worth recalling what Howard Dean was saying prior to the invasion about why he thought it was ill - advised based on the evidence that we knew then .
Dean was pilloried by virtually all Republicans , by many Democrats and by the national media -- not only for his opposition to the war but also for the rationale on which he predicated that opposition .
As a result of his belief that we ought to at least wait until we knew for sure if Saddam had WMDs before we started a war , Dean was relentlessly depicted as a fringe , irresponsible , appeasing lunatic who knew nothing about foreign policy or the grave dangers we face in the world .
Here are excerpts from a speech Dean gave on February 17 , 2003 -- just over a month before we invaded -- at Drake University : Dean also warned that getting mired and distracted in Iraq would enable Kim Il Jong to build up North Korea 's nuclear threat , and that " North Korea is a far greater danger to world peace than Iraq . "
And this is what Dean said about Colin Powell 's oh - so - convincing effort at the U.N. to convince the world that Saddam had WMDs : " I was impressed not by the vastness of evidence presented by the Secretary , Was there anything Dean was wrong about or his critics right about ?
And that was just all in one speech .
But it sure was fun to ridicule Howard Dean and all the pacifistic , American - hating losers who supported him .
Apparently , the fun of doing that has n't subsided one bit , despite the fact that Dean was not just right , but prescient in almost everything he said about Iraq .
The real geniuses in the national media and both political parties back then knew that Saddam had WMD's , that it would be so very easy for us to invade and get rid of the weapons and set up the country we wanted .
Anyone who said otherwise was just an appeasing hysteric .
All that depressing talk about civil wars and insurgencies was just the defeatist paranoia of weaklings who were the new Neville Chamberlains .
And this went on even after the invasion .
In December , 2003 , Dean 's questioning of whether the capture of Saddam really made American safer subjected him to great ridicule from most corners .
And when Dean , in December 2005 , compared Iraq to Vietnam by pointing out that there was no reason to stay any longer if we could n't fulfill our objectives , he was again widely ridiculed and attacked , and labelled a coward and a traitor .
This is worth noting not because all of that was conventional wisdom back then , but because -- unfathomably -- it is still the conventional wisdom .
Howard Dean is still considered a far left extremist who is completely " unserious " about national security and whose party -- all together now -- can't be trusted with national security .
If you want to know what the U.S. should do about the new Middle East war and any other complex , grave national security matter , you have to talk to Bill Kristol and Fred Barnes and Stephen Hadley and Peter Beinart and Joe Lieberman and John McCain and Tom Friedman and Rich Lowry and Newt Gingrich and all the other " serious " tough guys who might have been wrong about every single thing they said about Iraq but , for some reason that is impossible to discern , are supposed to be the only ones with any credibility on these questions -- still .
But whatever you do , just do n't listen to Howard Dean or anyone of his ilk , no matter how right he might have been about Iraq . : Billmon reminds us of the type of tough guy , know - everything rhetoric to which the Howard Deans of the world were subjected -- this from , appropriately enough , David Frum and Richard Perle in their crazed war - mongering book : " Now the pessimists arebecause the remnants of the Baath Party have launched a guerrilla war against the allied forces in Iraq . "
Guys like Frum and Perle were way too smart and tough to do anything so weak and scared like " quiver " over something as meaningless and irrelevant as the Iraqi insurgency , which barely even existed .
And just compare Dean 's pre-war predictions to those of serious military genius Paul Wolfowitz , testifying before Congress in February , 2003 -- the same time Dean gave his speech quoted above :
And then there 's Peter Beinart , who , despite being wrong about virtually everything with Iraq , continues to run around lecturing those who were right about how dumb , frivolous and unprincipled they are when it comes to foreign policy .
It 's almost like being completely wrong is some sort of badge of intellectual and moral honor , while being right is a sign of " unseriousness . "
Our Worst Nightmare … . the Housing Bubble By Dudley P. Baker , Jr. January 31 , 2006 www.preciousmetalswarrants.com
Another one of my long term subscribers wrote me recently with his insights on how Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have transmogrified the offering of simple mortgages into something one would expect to find at a Las Vegas casino .
Their financial innovations have facilitated the growth of home ownership on one hand but have set up America for a financial meltdown should the Fed increase interest rates beyond the tipping point .
All this begs the questions " Are we there yet ? "
" How many more increases before the house of cards come tumbling down ? "
With at least two more increases expected in the first half of 2006 this could well be the year .
Below are my subscribers ’ comments .
“ Our Worst Nightmare - the Puncture of the Current US Housing Bubble ” ” The key to holding up the entire speculative US financial system with its current excessive levels of debt - federal ( current account and trade ) , state , municipal , corporate and household – is maintaining the U.S. housing bubble .
Anything less would result in America ’s worst nightmare and , in short order , the entire world .
The housing market is dominated by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac who hold 75 % of all outstanding home mortgages ( and the Federal Home Loan Bank Board to a much lesser extent ) .
One too many additional increases in the Fed rate may well turn out to be the U.S. economy 's Achilles ' heel and lead to a major crisis at these two institutions generating an out - of - control systemic breakdown situation and disastrous financial implosion .
Here 's why .
Fannie ’s and Freddie's ( FF ) original functions were to provide liquidity to the housing market .
After a mortgage lending institution ( MLI ) originated a mortgage – say , $ 100,000 - FF would purchase that mortgage from the MLI for a fee and hold the mortgage to maturity .
The MLI now had $ 100,000 to make yet another mortgage loan and earn yet another fee .
By the repeating of this process FF injected liquidity into the housing market making it possible for MLIs to increase the number of mortgage loans they could make each year and earn considerably more fees in the process .
Where did the money come from for FF to raise money to purchase these mortgages from MLIs ?
It was easy .
FF simply issued bonds ( which , as you know , are a form of debt ) at a somewhat higher interest rate which was their spread or profit .
The more mortgages they bought from the MLIs covered by the issuance of their bonds the more money they made .
And it was all totally secured by the assets of the houses themselves .
A risk free arrangement .
Not bad .
The MLIs made money , FF made money and the consumers owned houses on which they could afford to make their monthly mortgage payments .
Beginning in the 1980's FF got greedy !
They began to encourage the MLIs to sell mortgages to purchasers who would have to spend more than the U.S. Department of Housing ’s recommended 28 % of gross income to service the housing ( mortgage payments , home insurance payments and home property tax due ) costs involved .
As FF expected the demand for houses went up , the price of houses went up , the number of mortgages went up , the size of mortgages went up , the profits of the MLIs went up and the profits of FF went up .
But the degree of financial risk for FF increased dramatically .
Many mortgagees had to pay out 50 - 60 % of their household income in housing costs and were extremely vulnerable to any economic setback they might encounter - loss of job ; increased cost of living ; health problems ; death , incarceration or illness of breadwinner .
As a result , the rate of delinquencies and foreclosures went up .
In many cases the down payments made by these new mortgagees were so small that the only way FF could recoup its outstanding mortgages was if the resale prices of the homes appreciated considerably from the date of the initial purchase .
The greater the appreciation of such homes the less the risk to FF .
Next , in the unending search for increased profits , FF undertook some financial innovation .
They began bundling groups of mortgages together as mortgage backed securities ( MBS ) on which they guaranteed , in case of default , to pay interest and principal “ fully and in a timely fashion ” .
They sold these MBSs for a fee , to mutual and pension funds and to insurance companies around the world .
This gave the funds a claim to the underlying principal and interest stream of the mortgage .
In doing so the risks entailed in the owning of mortgage debt were broadened beyond FF .
If FF were unable to fulfill their guarantee ( and the monies provided by the government are totally inadequate ) these funds , too , would be adversely affected and depending on the extend of the default , gravely so .
FF 's profits went up but its reward / risk ratio dropped like a stone !
And finally , to squeeze out even more profits , FF began taking 50 % of their MBS holdings and pooling them once again into derivative instruments called Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits , i.e. " restructured MBS " or into what are called Collateralized Mortgage Obligations for which they are paid a fee .
These instruments are highly specialized derivatives , i.e. bets on the direction of future rates of interest .
FF 's profits went up even more but the risks associated with these actions became excessive !!
Thus , what started out as a simple home mortgage , has been transmogrified in to something one would expect to find at a Las Vegas gambling casino .
Yet the housing bubble now depends on precisely these instruments as sources of funds .
If too great a portion of FF mortgages were to go into default and cease to pay interest or principal , FF would not have sufficient cash to pay the holders of its bonds .
If the situation were to become too great FF would default on its bonds .
So , whereas before one had one economic catastrophe - the default of some mortgages – because of the way the housing market is structured , this produces a second catastrophe – the default of FF ’s bonds which are at least 10 times greater than that of any corporation in the U.S.
Such a default would put an end to the U.S. financial system , right then and there .
Yet a second obligation compounds the problem - its guarantees on the MBS .
In a crisis in the housing mortgage market , FF would not be able to meet the terms of their guarantees and would go bankrupt from this source , if it had not already defaulted on their bonds .
The pension and mutual funds which had bought the MBS on it guarantees , would suffer tens of billions of dollars in losses .
Finally , FF 's derivative obligations in hedges , allegedly to protect it from risks , could themselves go in to default against the banks and other counter parties .
The above mentioned obligations of FF total over $ 5 trillion .
Another $ 1 trillion in obligations are held by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and private issuers of MBS .
These $ 6 trillion in risky obligations are distinct from , and in addition to , the more than $ 6 trillion in mortgages themselves .
As such , a total in excess of $ 12 trillion is laden on to the homes and attached to to the incomes of America 's homeowners .
And then there is credit card debt , car lease debt , cell phone contract debt , bank loan debts , margin debt , etc !
Nothing , absolutely nothing , must stand in the way of consumers fulfilling their financial obligations - and they absolutely must not default on their mortgages .
Cheap money must prevail .
Not dirt cheap like before but still very cheap by historical standards .
Cheap money is necessary to keep the real estate bubble in force because consumer spending increases 0.62 % for every 10 % gain in the housing market ( more than twice that of a 10 % gain in the stock market ) .
Regretfully , though , this FF house of cards is on the verge of collapse .
Bond prices have fallen and interest rates are approaching 5 % .
The ramifications are dire .
A wide variety of partners hold large chunks of FF debt : commercial and investment banks , hedge funds , mutual funds , pension funds , insurance companies , private investors .
They are all exposed to large losses were either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac to default on their debt .
In the U.S. , for example , 60 % of all banks ( approx . 5000 ) own FF debt in excess of 50 % of their equity capital .
As the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight has said " such an event as the default of FF debt could lead to contagious illiquidity in the market for those debt securities which would cause or worsen illiquidity problems at other financial institutions .... potentially leading to a systemic event . "
The Fed is between the proverbial ' rock and a hard place ' .
They engineered low interest rates in the first place , both to keep the financial markets going , and in large measure to keep the housing bubble afloat .
They are now in the final stages of raising interest rates to prop up the collapsing US dollar and to forestall rampant inflation .
Were they to initiate one quarter percent increase too many it would destroy the interest rate environment that is essential to keeping the housing bubble alive ; to keeping consumers spending at a high level thereby keeping the economy growing ; to keeping corporate sales and profits high thereby keeping the stock market healthy .
Have they gone too far already ?
The bubble seems to be loosing air slowly at this point but what will the impact be of the next increase ?
The impact of one too many rate increases on such a chronically debt - ridden and maladjusted economy must not be over estimated .
It is just a matter of time before further increases in mortgage rates will result in increases in monthly mortgage payments than some borrowers can not handle .
This will be particularly so for borrowers of sub - prime loans who were able to purchase their first homes with almost nothing in the way of a down payment and who , even now , have a delinquency rate at near record levels .
In addition , as mortgage rates rise further , fewer first - time buyers will be able to afford to buy a home which will , in turn , slow down the sale of new and resale homes .
With further increases in mortgage rates there will be dramatically reduced refinancing of mortgages which have gone a long way to financing the retail boom in retail sales over the past few years .
Indeed , more than $ 500 billion in equity has been withdrawn annually in the US and $ 29 billion annually in Canada for that purpose .
But rest assured the Fed will do absolutely everything in its power to prevent the puncturing of the housing bubble !
FF assets have expanded so rapidly over the past few years due to the number of mortgages , the escalating value of mortgages ( as a result of escalating real estate prices ) and the refinancing of mortgages and they have so much debt in the form of mortgages , bonds , MBS ’s and derivatives that should they encounter any problems servicing the debt it most likely will have a destabilizing effect on the US economy .
Indeed , the Fed are so concerned about this happening they are flooding the economy with almost limitless liquidity .
There must be a crisis of historic proportions coming , and the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States is making sure that there is enough liquidity in place to protect our nation 's fragile financial system .
The amazing thing is that the Fed 's actions mean they know what is about to happen .
What could it be ? "
Perhaps the Fed finally recognizes that the housing bubble has experienced a leak that could well escalate into major proportions soon .
Perhaps the Fed has learned that one ( or more ) of the 3 American banks holding 95 % of U.S. derivatives are experiencing some difficulties managing their risks .
Perhaps the FF are encountering major derivative losses once again .
Perhaps the Fed are concerned that the rising budget deficit and / or the ever increasing and already record - high current account ( trade ) deficits are very near the tipping point .
Perhaps it is their fear that the recent and continuing interest rate hikes are going to have a very negative impact on the already overly indebted U.S. consumers ( rising mortgage , lease and credit card rates ) , the stock market ( lower corporate profits ) and the bond market and lead to a recession .
Perhaps the Fed sees their greatest fear of all - deflation - just around the corner .
So where should we be investing our money ?
Certainly not in real estate .
Definitely not in bonds .
Absolutely not in the general stock market .
What ’s left ?
Well , there is cash ( at least you wo n't lose your shirt if you hold it in something other than U.S. currency ) ; gold bullion which performs well in such a chaotic environment ( and by extension mining company shares and / or their warrants ) and also energy stocks because of the political climate being the way it is in the Middle East .
Pay off your debts , build up your savings and invest accordingly and you will be protecting yourself from what could well become our country 's ( and the world 's ) worst nightmare and enjoying sweet financial dreams for years to come .
Good night and God bless ! ”
While these are not my words , many of us share these views .
Please note : the CEO of Freddie Mac disagrees with the assertions made above .
See his comments at http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060125/bs_nm/financial_freddie_dc_1
“ Freddie Mac poses no special systemic risk : CEO - Yahoo!
News . ”
You be the judge as to the merits of both .
January 31 , 2006
Dudley Baker
Email : info@preciousmetalswarrants.com
Website : PreciousMetalsWarrants
***** PreciousMetalsWarrants.com is not an investment advisor and any reference to specific securities does not constitute a recommendation thereof .
The opinions expressed herein are the express personal opinions of Dudley Baker .
Neither the information , nor the opinions expressed should be construed as a solicitation to buy any securities mentioned in this Service .
Examples given are only intended to make investors aware of the potential rewards of investing in Warrants .
Investors are recommended to obtain the advice of a qualified investment advisor before entering into any transactions involving stocks or Warrants .
In a telephone system both the mic and the speaker signal are multiplexed into one signal .
To be able to connect your phone to you mic-in and line - out of your pc you have to de-multiplex these signals .
The solution of Chris was to extract the mic an speaker signal before it is multiplexed inside the phone .
But this can also be done by a transformer ( which is also used to prevent the 9V DC from going into you soundcard ) .
The kind of transformer used for this application is a so called secondary centre tapped transformer .
Meaning that it has 2 connections at its primary side ( where the telephone will be connected ) and 3 connections at its secondary side .
The middle connection is physically connected to the middle of the secondary coil of the transformer .
This middle connector is used as a shared ground for both the mic and the line - out .
Another issue is the input impedance of a phone line .
When a phone line doesnâ€™t see the right input impedance reflections will occur , resulting in echoes or even in disabling the line .
A telephone line has a input impedance of 600 Ohms , so the transformer has to be a 600 Ohm transformer .
At the secondary side of the transformer a 150 Ohm resistor has to be placed at the middle connection to make the secondary input impedance 600 Ohm as well , resulting in a balanced transformer .
The second part is the tricky part .
A normal telephone system uses only two wires to send both the microphone and the speaker signal .
From basic electronics you might know that you need 2 wires to send a signal , and at least 3 to send 2 signals , because one of the wires is acting as a reference ( usually called ground ) .
In a telephone system both the mic and the speaker signal are multiplexed into one signal .
To be able to connect your phone to you mic-in and line - out of your pc you have to de-multiplex these signals .
The solution of Chris was to extract the mic an speaker signal before it is multiplexed inside the phone .
But this can also be done by a transformer ( which is also used to prevent the 9V DC from going into you soundcard ) .
The kind of transformer used for this application is a so called secondary centre tapped transformer .
Meaning that it has 2 connections at its primary side ( where the telephone will be connected ) and 3 connections at its secondary side .
The middle connection is physically connected to the middle of the secondary coil of the transformer .
This middle connector is used as a shared ground for both the mic and the line - out .
Another issue is the input impedance of a phone line .
When a phone line doesnâ€™t see the right input impedance reflections will occur , resulting in echoes or even in disabling the line .
A telephone line has a input impedance of 600 Ohms , so the transformer has to be a 600 Ohm transformer .
At the secondary side of the transformer a 150 Ohm resistor has to be placed at the middle connection to make the secondary input impedance 600 Ohm as well , resulting in a balanced transformer .
This all might seem complicated but as can be seen from this figure , the circuit is pretty simple and small .
Supposing you 'll die tommorow .
What will be your last words ?
I made a list with some ideas , can you help me make this list bigger ?
Add a comment .
" The money are ... " " I 'll be back ..
" " Hasta la vista , baby ! " " That hurt " " Well it was fun . " " Well , this sucks " " Hmmmm ..... what this button do ?
" " Adios amigos ! " " Who 's next ? " - Mark Twain~~ Louis XIV , King of France , d. 1715 - Ronald Reagan .~~
Ludwig van Beethoven , composer , d. March 26 , 1827 Assassinated .~~
Gaius Julius Caesar , Roman Emperor , d. 44 BC ~ ~ James M. Barrie , author , d. 1937 ~ ~ Henry Ward Beecher , evangelist , d. March 8 , 1887 ~ ~ Lou Costello , comedian , d. March 3 , 1959 ~ ~ Noel Coward , writer , d. 1973 ~ ~ Richard Feynman , physicist , d. 1988 - Facing his assassin , Mario Teran , a Bolivian soldier . ~~
Ernesto " Che " Guevara , d. October 9 , 1967 ~ ~ Karl Marx , revolutionary , d. 1883 ~ ~ Eugene O'Neill , writer , d. November 27 , 1953 Killed in battle during US Civil War. ~~ General John Sedgwick , Union Commander , d. 1864 ~ ~ James
Thurber , humorist , d. 1961 - James Rodges , murderer , on his final request before the firing squad . - Robert Drew , executed on August 2 , 1994 .- Chris Hubbock , newscaster who shot herself during broadcast .- Epitaph of Mel Blanc , The Man of a Thousand Voices . - Stephen Wright .- Spider Robinson - Kevin Kee. - Earle Robinson .- Woody Allen , Without Feathers - Lily Tomlin . - Emo Phillips .- Arthur Schopenhauer ( 1788 - 1860 ) , German philosopher .- General Patton - Darrin Weinberg .
Tanks took up positions outside Government House
Soldiers have entered Government House and tanks have moved into position around the building .
Mr Thaksin , who is at the UN in New York , said he had removed the chief of the army .
National television announced that forces had taken control of Bangkok " to maintain law and order " , and that they were declaring loyalty to the king .
However , the BBC's Kate McGeown in Bangkok says King Bhumibol is held in high esteem by all Thais , and the declaration of loyalty does not necessarily imply that he backs the takeover attempt .
An army - owned TV station is showing images of the royal family and songs linked in the past with military coups .
The announcement said the troops belonged to the " Council of Political Reform " .
BBC World , CNN and other international news channels have been taken off the air , readers in Thailand told the BBC News website by email .
Our correspondent says low - level rumours of a possible coup have been circulating for weeks .
Thai media say that two army factions appear to be heading for a clash , with one side backing the prime minister and the other side backing military commander Lieutenant General Sonthi Boonyaratglin .
The general was sacked by the prime minister earlier in the day .
Political impasse
Our correspondent Jonathan Head said it was not clear which faction had taken the initiative and moved into Government House .
He said there has been pressure growing on the prime minister to resign , including groups close to King Bhumibol , following a political impasse in which April 's general election was declared invalid .
Troops and guys dressed in Swat - style gear are strolling around
Russell Miles , Bangkok
Eyewitnesses describe turmoil
But it was thought that Thailand was making progress towards holding another election later in the year , our correspondent says .
Witnesses said several hundred troops were posted at key points around Bangkok , including at government installations and major intersections .
Russell Miles emailed the BBC News website to say there were troops " dressed in Swat - style gear strolling around " near Government House , and " a tense , but fairly controlled atmosphere " .
He said : " We saw a group of blokes bundling a cameraman and another chap into a van .
We are taking photos , but not out in the open . "
At the United Nations , where the annual General Assembly is under way , it was announced that the agenda had been changed to allow Mr Thaksin to address it in the coming hours .
« Mosh Pit as Innovation Model | Main |
Do your graphics say the wrong thing ? »
Intuition
Intuition : it ’s not what you think .
You might feel intuition is the best way to understand the problem of designing an interface .
You rely on your intuition , you trust it , maybe you even feel that it ’s the source of deep insight and creativity .
But you ’d be wrong .
Intuition is really your first impression , that little bubble of apparent understanding that comes unbidden in response to a situation .
When we build our UIs , intuition is often what guides our initial work .
“ Ah this one …it ’s child ’s play , ” we think to ourselves .
And it ’s too often where we stop .
Turns out you ca n’t quit with just the translation of intuition into an interface .
That ’s the point of user testing – you ’ve got to watch your pride and joy actually be used by real people in real situations .
It ’s not enough to have a brilliant , intuitive idea that you think will work .
( After all , it ’s intuitive , is n’t it ? )
You really have to watch someone else trying to solve a problem with the child of your intuition .
You have to put the test users under a bit of stress , so that the natural beauty of your interface design is n’t the thing they ’re noticing and appreciating – they ’re focusing on the work itself , and not the tool .
Great user interfaces might spring from an intuitive understanding , but they ’re crafted by hard work ; honed by carefully removing everything that does n’t add to the tool ’s value , deleting anything that gets in the way , or whatever it is that causes confusion .
Making the user interface “ intuitive ” is often our highest goal when we do our professional work .
But what does that mean , exactly ?
Mostly it means that people can quickly understand the UI , or that they get the feeling the UI disappears in their work .
In psychological terms , the interface has great “ positive transfer ” from other skills or it has a great “ flow ” character .
That is , if you can drive a Toyota , you can drive a BMW – that ’s a great positive transfer experience .
If you can move smoothly from task to task without many bobbles , that ’s a great flow experience .
And sometimes it ’s the case that intuition informs both the design of positive transfer and flow ; but just as often that ’s not the case as well .
At this point in my career I ’ve seen thousands of user interface ideas : they pour unendingly from the minds of software developers .
I love ‘em all .
Look at them all trickle by in the thousands of wildly creative and inventive ideas .
But as a consequence , I can no longer look at an interface with a fresh , unbiased , open mind .
I 'm corrupted .
I ’d like to think that I can still see an interface as though for the first time , but I can’t .
What ’s more , you probably can’t either .
If you ’ve been working in the software field for any length of time , you ’ve grown accustomed to the look and feel of tools that wear their development history on their sleeves .
A command line might feel natural to you , but there ’s no positive transfer for anyone who has n’t already spent thousands of hours working with one .
The same thing is true of many of our prized productivity tools – even knowing where to look in a busy GUI is a skill that comes only with a lot of experience in the trenches .
There ’s nothing natural about a GUI in the least .
( Repeat this after me : “ There ’s nothing natural about it in the least . ”
Good .
Repeat every day until you reach satori . )
As interface designers we often achieve our greatest successes when the interface disappears , and getting to that point is what makes us professionals at this game – our willingness to go beyond our personal intuitions and see what really works for our target audience .
Great user interfaces are ultimately about creating something that ’s ego -less , something that works well for people who are not you and not just the same as you .
Now that ’s intuitive .
Posted by Dan Russell on June 13 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83428efd253ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Intuition :
» Blogger´s Digest IV - Intuition , Intuition und nochmal Intuition from marketing - blog.biz Marketing für Besserwerber
Einfach mal meiner Intuition folgend sei hier auf 2 - so wie ich meine - herausragende Artikel zum Thema hingewiesen : streuverluste :
Oft ist die Intuition der richtige Weg !
Wenn es darum geht richtige Entscheidungen für das eigene Unternehmen zu tref [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 22 , 2006 6:49:56 AM
Comments
Good post , Dan .
Looking back at some of the interfaces I 've used , or even those I 've written is fascinating .
The technology has a strong stamp on what is considered " intuitive " at any time .
For example , at the risk of dating myself , I loved Borland 's Turbo C environment , even though it was character - based .
These days , it would be considered totally unacceptable because of more advanced technologies now available .
But it was really intuitive at the time .
Now , the widespread use of Microsoft Office products , Web browsers , and sites like Amazon have conditioned users to expect certain behaviors in their applications .
So " intuitive " often means do it like that site or product that I already know how to use .
But to improve the state of user interfaces often means pushing the envelope past what previous applications have done .
It 's a tricky balance .
Posted by : Dave Churchville | Jun 13 , 2006 12:19:59 PM
Some of my favorite moments during tests are when the customer is asked to show how she would perform a specific task , she does so rapidly and without pause , and then reacts to the facilitator as if to say " Well , duh , is that all you wanted me to do ? "
Good interface design is like good lighting for a play ; it is at its best when it goes unnoticed .
Posted by : Jon | Jun 13 , 2006 9:49:25 PM
Nice post and thanks for the ' positive transfer ' termin .
But I think there is something lacking in this post - beside intuition and user tests there is also the science of user interfaces with laws and everything ( see for example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GOMS, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hick%27s_law).
Posted by : Zbigniew Lukasiak | Jun 14 , 2006 4:20:30 AM
Z - I did n't mean to imply that this is ALL there is to UI design .
Heaven forbid !
I worked for years at PARC with Stu Card and Tom Moran , so I think I 'm pretty up on GOMS , Fitts , Hicks and the rest of those models .
I really wanted to make the point that intuition is n't enough , tempting though it is to use as the primary motivation for a UI design .
There are many other things to consider , but more on those in another post ...
Posted by : Dan Russell | Jun 14 , 2006 4:33:26 AM
To come at this from the other end , this relates to one of the " Rules of Technology " that I 've developed ( and often teach ) over the years .
Namely , when you 're trying to figure out anything -- hardware , software , UI , whatever -- and it does n't make sense , remind yourself :
" Somebody , somewhere , thought this was intuitive . "
By putting myself in their shoes , even if ( as often happens ) it does n't really make sense to me , I can often figure out how something works .
Makes for a nice rep as a tech whiz , too .
Posted by : Gray T. Miller | Jun 14 , 2006 8:31:14 AM
I could n't agree less with you Dan .
While you talk about UIs for the computer , the cell phone UI ( which is seldom talked about ) needs even more attention .
I 'm talking from my own experience .
As a startup we launched an alpha version of LinknSurf ( www.linknsurf.com) on Jan 19th for people to be able to track and share blogs and also stay updated with each other .
We thought ( and still think ) that it 's the most elegant solution of its kind .
However , over the last couple of months if we realized one thing , it was how poor the usability was .
We have been working on it ever since and have been releasing quick versions and all I can say that right now it 's much better than what we had earlier .
Whether it is really good or not , I can't say .
Maybe the readers here could provide some feedback .
The one thing I have indeed realized is that it is one thing to understand and realize a user 's requirements , but another to understand and provide for preferences .
A good UI is about preferences .
Posted by : Harsh Dhundia | Jun 14 , 2006 11:19:03 AM
Excellent post .
To me creating something intuitive is two - fold .
I agree that an interface has to ' disappear ' and allow the functionality of the tool that is being used become the focus .
But ' intuitiveness ' is also achieved by following design patterns .
If a user has seen it before , it can become intuitive .
As you mentioned , if you 've spent hours upon hours using an application , it becomes intuitive .
That 's natural .
Real intuitiveness comes at the point your first user jumps in and starts to play .
If you adhere to design standards and patterns , chances are that adaptation of users will be quicker and easier because they have seen it before , although in a different application .
Posted by : Andy Brudtkuhl | Jun 14 , 2006 1:30:32 PM
Dan ,
Excellent post !
However , how does one judge intuition then ?
I remember working with a gentleman once who said he scored high on an intuition test - I think it was one of those leadership tests .
Are some people gifted with the ability to gauge intuition ?
I wonder ???
Walker T
www.yourmtb.com
Posted by : Walker Thompson | Jun 15 , 2006 7:30:33 AM
Nice post ;
First time I 've been to the site , will add it to my reader :)
Thanks
Posted by : Ken | Jun 15 , 2006 7:27:20 PM
Is n't it time to say that the right word is not " intuitive " but " conventional " ?
The " transfer " that is obtained , drawing upon the experiences that millions have had with leading software is a transfer of user interface conventions .
Convention is maleable , changeable , learned .
And intuition is conventional too , in a rather personal way , just as preferences are .
This " intuition " is intuitional in the way that a language is .
Internally reasonable ( conventional ) , but foreign to the users of some other language - convention , as in " it 's all Greek to me . "
Posted by : MJ | Jun 15 , 2006 8:44:15 PM
I am lucky enough to regularly take part in usability tests with 6 - 10 year old kids while developing video games .
We see a wide diversity of ‘ ability ’ with our software , from almost perfect control to near zero unaided interaction .
Kids tend to have more limited experiences and therefore less conceptual models to which they can compare a product , behaviour or interface .
I ’d suggest that intuition is guided by the conceptual models you have built up and that convention is itself a set of re-enforced models .
Posted by : ' gene cloud | Jun 16 , 2006 2:51:25 PM
Dan ,
Thanks for the fun read !
I must admit , although I enjoyed your previous posts , I was missing Kathy , just a wee bit . ;)
But , I am now very much looking forward to future entries from you .
I intuitively feel that you have finally let your intuition guide you in writing , and your personality is starting to shine .
I agree , it is sad to realize that the pinnacle of one 's career is achieved when no - one really notices your work , because it is so seamless .
But , that is also the misfortune of great actors , great writers , and great craftmen .
I think you addressed the most difficult issue for designing an interface .
You need some - one who has the extensive knowlege of what is possible to create , but at the same time must remember how they used to think about things , rather than how they think about things now , to create an interface that is more intuitive to more people .
In a very real sense you must live in the past , present , and future .
Intuition is very personal .
I find I get very frustrated when my husband tries to explain ' computer stuff ' to me .
I end up figuring it out on my own and then saying to him , " Why did you not tell me I had to do such and such " .
He will then give me * that look * that says , ' I thought you knew you had to do that . '
Gah !
As Bridget Jones would say !
Intuitive only works if you both are drawing on the same pool of experiences , otherwise , it is like trying to make water flow uphill . ;)
P.S. For those of us not in the biz , a glossary would be helpful .
For example , GUI .
I figured out the UI must be user interface , but the G has me completely stumped .
And please do not tell me , ' I thought you knew what that meant . ;)
Posted by : Mary - Anne | Jun 16 , 2006 3:30:46 PM
The results are sometimes ambiguous .
Posted by : Sahna | Jun 16 , 2006 5:33:54 PM
" Intuition : it ’s not what you think . "
...
Anyway , another great post from you guys , I 'm glad to see the bench has some depth .
There are a few memes in here that will inevitably pop into my head when they are least welcome - and thus most needed .
Posted by : Kyle Bennett | Jun 18 , 2006 2:12:16 PM
You know , the " grandma " test works for me ... she has n't seen sqwat !
So , she 's about as unpolluted a testbed as I get for truly novel stuff ( and she forgets half of what she saw earlier ... even better ! ) .
So , if she can use it ...
I know I 've got something reasonably simple to get the head around AND use .
( sometimes too simple really )
Posted by : Gerald Buckley | Jun 19 , 2006 12:17:41 PM
I like the term one of the posters used , " unaided interaction . "
That 's when I can figure out how to accomplish what I need on my own without having to look at the documentation or call customer support !
I also like the cell phone reference - most of those interfaces only a 10 - year - old can immediately use !
Several of the cell phones I 've had put the ringer volume control hidden somewhere underneath some obscure menu option like , well , the icon that has little arrows going at a diagonal that mean increase / decrease volume only to the person who designed it - and the poor end - users who eventually figure it out ... and can never remember the next time we need to use it , where it actually lives !
As a software writer and trainer , I personally judge a " good interface " as one that allows me to perform my workflow and accomplish my task without making me hunt all over a page ( or multiple pages ) for the options I need to do my ( the user 's ) job - or have to interpret and guess and even try ( with error results ) what the developers / product marketing people decided to call various interface components - as I write the documentation .
One of my soapboxes concerns all the creative terms developers and product folks come up with for buttons to " commit " to the database .
Whatever happened to industry - standard terminology for those widgets ???
Where are the UI standards guides in these development environments ?
What 's wrong with Apply ( commits and you stay where you are ) and OK ( commits and closes the dialog box ) ?
Those are standard UI terms and behaviors .
Why can't we use them for Web apps , too ?
Why has the invention of Web UIs caused so much furor in terminology ?
If the action does the same thing as it does in a Windows app , what 's wrong with consistency ?
Then , you do n't have to rely on " intuition " - you can rely on " unaided interaction " because it does what you are used to experiencing .
Believe me , I have encountered many , many , many more nightmares than easy - to - use UIs .
I 'm also always between the rocks and the hard places - as a user advocate - trying to concisely and directly guide a user through a successfully - repeatable task topic ( what really works ) - and the development team ( what they think works ) - and the product management folks ( who have no idea what the user is trying to accomplish in the first place because they never bothered to ask ) .
It has NEVER ceased to amaze me how little actual user interviews and usability testing occurs in the real world ( particularly related to large corporations ' internal apps ) .
Hey , I 'm not complaining - it's job security for me , for sure !
Posted by : Angelina | Jun 24 , 2006 10:10:47 AM
Excellent post !
However , how does one judge intuition then ?
I remember working with a gentleman once who said he scored high on an intuition test - I think it was one of those leadership tests .
Are some people gifted with the ability to gauge intuition ?
Look her --> Bayerischer Wald
Posted by : Bayerischer Wald | Jul 29 , 2007 8:38:51 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
The sword was excavated at Bamburgh Castle in 1960
Experts at the Royal Armouries in Leeds , say X - rays of the 7th Century sword prove it was made from a unique method using slices of carbonised iron .
The sword lay in a suitcase , after being unearthed in an excavation at Bamburgh Castle in 1960 .
Archaeologist Paul Gething said the extremely rare sword would have had " serious bling factor " .
After being " rediscovered " in a house clearance , the weapon was sent for a series of hi-tech tests .
They revealed the blade of the sword , which predates the Vikings , was made up of six , individual strands of carbonised iron bonded together .
Mr Gething , director of the Bamburgh Research Project , said : " This is an exceptional sword and a stunning find .
' Vastly superior '
" What makes it unique is that the billet is made up of six strands of carbonised iron , which have been micro-welded to bond them together .
" There have been swords found before which have been made of up to four strands , but none have ever been found with six .
" This is a vastly superior sword which , in its time , would have had serious bling factor . "
Dr David Starley , Science Officer at the Royal Armouries in Leeds , added : " We see a lot of swords here , but have never seen anything like this before . "
Bamburgh was the capital of the Anglo - Saxon kingdom of Northumbria , which extended from the English Midlands to Strathclyde .
It is thought the sword may have been bestowed as an ostentatious gift upon a king 's highest ranking warrior .
REDMOND , Wash . -- Jim Allchin , a senior Microsoft Corp. executive , walked into Bill Gates 's office here one day in July last year to deliver a bombshell about the next generation of Microsoft Windows .
" It 's not going to work , " Mr. Allchin says he told the Microsoft chairman .
The new version , code - named Longhorn , was so complex its writers would never be able to make it run properly .
The ...
UPDATES
" It 's a dizzying scope of perfidy and politics that boggles the imagination , and although Jack Abramoff and Tom DeLay have been brought down , the system remains as vulnerable as ever , " says Bill Moyers .
" The scale of corruption still coming to light dwarfs anything since Watergate .
In one sense it 's the age - old tale of greed , but greed encouraged now by the way our system works .
Deep in the plea agreements of Jack Abramoff and his cronies is the admission that they conspired to use campaign contributions to bribe politicians ; campaign finance is at the core of the corruption .
They took great pains to cover their tracks , and they might have pulled it off except for a handful of honest people , and the work of some enterprising print reporters , Senate investigators , and the ethics team at the department of justice .
Following the money in this story leads through a bizarre maze of cocktail parties , golf courses , private jets , four - star restaurants , sweatshops - and the aura of chandeliered rooms frequented by the high and mighty of Washington . "
THE 2006 MID - TERM ELECTION
The ramifications of the Jack Abramoff scandal continue to mount .
Since " Capitol Crimes " was broadcast in October 2006 , Jack Abramoff started his prison sentence , and U.S. voters in exit polls named " corruption " as the biggest factor in their ballot - casting - above terrorism and the economy .
Indeed , association with Abramoff was cited in the defeat of at least two incumbent Republicans - Representative Richard Pombo of California and Senator Conrad Burns of Montana .
MORE ABRAMOFF FALLOUT
Jack Abramoff may not be the only one heading for jail .
Former White House budget official David H. Safavian was sentenced in October to 18 months in prison for lying about his relationship with Abramoff .
Ohio Representative Bob Ney ( R - Ohio ) was sentenced in January in accordance with his October guilty plea to corruption charges to 30 months in prison and has reported to prison .
( Ney resigned his seat on November 3 , 2006 . )
An aide to White House advisor Karl Rove also resigned after her ties to Abramoff came to light in a House Government Reform Committee Investigation .
And these may not be the last casualties .
The Justice Department wanted to keep Abramoff out of prison so he could more easily aid in yet another large corruption case .
ABRAMOFF AND NONPROFITS
Another Congressional report may cause tax status trouble for nonprofits associated with Abramoff .
A report by the Democratic investigators of the Senate Finance Committee details how five nonprofit groups including , Americans for Tax Reform , Citizens Against Government Waste , the Council of Republicans for Environmental Advocacy , the National Center for Public Policy Research and Toward Tradition , eased access for Abramoff clients to administration officials and concealed the source of funds used for Congressional travel .
The report alleges that some of the nonprofits officials " were generally available to carry out Mr. Abramoff 's requests for help with his clients in exchange for cash payments . "
Several nonprofit groups linked to the corrupt lobbyist Jack Abramoff became arms of his lobbying operation , a report by Democratic investigators for the Senate Finance Committee said .
" Report Says Nonprofits Sold Influence to Abramoff , " James V. Grimaldi and Susan Schmidt , THE WASHINGTON POST , October 13 , 2006
" Minority Staff Report : Investigation of Jack Abramoff 's Use of Tax - Exempt Organizations , " Senate Committee on Finance , 2006 ( PDF )
The National Center for Public Policy Research Response to Senate Finance Committee Minority Staff Report on Jack Abramoff and Non-Profit Organizations , October 6 , 2006
" Congress 's Charity Cases , " Frances R. Hill , NEW YORK TIMES , October 17 , 2006 ,
PROMISES OF REFORM : EARMARKS AND TRAVEL
Just after the mid-term elections the newly empowered Democrats came out with promises of reform .
Incoming Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi put forward a proposal to greatly restrict privately paid travel from lobbyists and groups that hire lobbyists .
A variety of interest groups have come out in opposition to a total ban - tracing the impetus behind the move to the abuses rampant in the Abramoff scandal .
Earmark reform is also high on Speaker Pelosi 's agenda - reform that was promised by members of both parties before the election .
Already some skeptics are wondering if the process of pork barrel spending really will be eradicated in the new session .
THE NEW YORK TIMES reported in November on the biggest Democratic suppliers of earmarks - breaking down their appropriations per capita for constituents .
Among the top deliverers of dollars -- Senator Daniel K. Inouye of Hawaii with $ 746 per state resident .
Inouye is now the chair of the defense appropriations committee .
Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia has been called the " King of Pork " by his critics - is now the head of the full Senate Appropriations Committee .
In search of specific information ?
Just browsing ?
Select topics below to explore a range of issues , from Congressional ethics to the growth of lobbying in recent years to proposals for changing the system of money and politics in America .
Fixing the System
In our resources section you 'll find essential documents and sites for further research .
Visit Watch & Listen for Web - only video and audio and excerpts from the Moyers program archive and the complete show .
Read the transcript of " Capitol Crimes . "
Apple was dealt a blow in Europe on Wednesday when Norway ’s powerful consumer ombudsman ruled that its iTunes online music store was illegal because it did not allow downloaded songs to be played on rival technology companies ’ devices .
The decision is the first time any jurisdiction has concluded iTunes breaks its consumer protection laws and could prompt other European countries to review the situation .
The ombudsman has set a deadline of October 1 for the Apple to make its codes available to other technology companies so that it abides by Norwegian law .
If it fails to do so , it will be taken to court , fined and eventually closed down .
Apple , whose iTunes dominates the legal download market , has its proprietory system Fairplay .
Songs and tunes downloaded through iTunes are designed to work with Apple ’s MP3 player iPod , but can not be played on rival devices .
Torgeir Waterhouse , senior adviser to the Norwegian Consumer Council , who originally launched the complaint , told the Financial Times he was in negotiations with pan-European consumer groups to present a unified position on iTunes ’ legality .
Sweden and Finland have already backed Norway ’s stance , but have yet to take action , and Mr Waterhouse said the campaign was joined on Wednesday by Germany and France .
“ We are satisfied the Federation of German Consumer Organisations and the French UFC Que Choisir are addressing this important issue .
It means that iTunes is now being told by more than 100 m European consumers to offer them a fair deal , ” he said .
Apple signalled that it would fight efforts in Norway and elsewhere in Europe to prise open the iTunes service , though it struck a more conciliatory tone than early last year when it attacked a proposed French law as “ state - sponsored piracy ” .
“ Apple is aware of the concerns we ’ve heard from several agencies in Europe , and we ’re looking forward to resolving these issues as quickly as possible , ” it said in a statement .
“ Apple hopes that European governments will encourage a competitive environment that lets innovation thrive , protects intellectual property and allows consumers to decide which products are successful . ”
The development comes as competition in the multi-billion dollar global market for digital music is intensifying .
Nokia , the world ’s largest mobile phone maker , has set up a rival to iTunes , while Microsoft , the US technology company , has also launched its own digital music player called Zune to compete with the iPod .
However , the lack of interoperability has been blamed by some consumers and technology companies for hampering the growth of the legal digital music download market .
Record companies insist that the issue of interoperability is one for technology companies , and stress the importance of digital rights management in order to prevent piracy .
The IFPI , which represents record groups around the world , said that it “ thoroughly supported interoperability , but wanted a market solution rather than one imposed by authorities ” .
Scientists Lose Instruments , Gain First Look at Seafloor Formation
One of the ocean bottom seismometers trapped in fresh lava on the East Pacific Rise .
The flag on top is used to help locate the device when it surfaces .
Photo courtesy of Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , National Science Foundation and Ridge 2000 Ordinarily , losing almost all of one 's instruments would be considered a severe setback to any scientist .
But when Maya Tolstoy , a marine geophysicist at the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory and the Earth Institute at Columbia University , recently learned that two - thirds of the seismometers she placed on the floor of the Pacific Ocean were trapped more than 8,000 feet ( 2500 meters ) underwater , it turned out to be an extremely good sign .
click here for supplemental information including maps , images and an animation Tolstoy and Lamont - Doherty colleague Felix Waldhauser set an array of ocean bottom seismometers along a section of the East Pacific Rise off the coast of Mexico in 2003 to study the little - understood process of seafloor spreading  a process that is responsible for the formation of nearly three - quarters of the Earth 's crust .
When a team went back in April 2006 to retrieve the instruments , however , only four out of 12 responded to the coded release signal and bobbed to the surface ; three more responded to the signal , but did not come up .
The rest remained silent .
Tests of the water temperature and light - scattering near the sea floor revealed signs of a recent volcanic eruption .
A second expedition led by James Cowen of the University of Hawaii on the research vessel R/V New Horizon in early May lowered a camera that confirmed what the scientists suspected :
Their instruments had been directly on top of a section of the East Pacific Rise that erupted and were trapped in fresh lava flows .
Instead of bemoaning their fate , the group celebrated their fortune  no one has ever closely recorded the series of micro-earthquakes associated with the formation of new seafloor .
Preliminary analysis of their data appears in an upcoming issue of the journal Science and will be released on the Science Express Web site November 23 .
" It 's amazing that we know so little about something so fundamental to the planet , " said Tolstoy .
" Even if we do n't get the rest of the instruments back we 'll have learned quite a bit . "
The East Pacific Rise is one of three active seafloor spreading centers targeted by the National Science Foundation 's Ridge 2000 program to document the process of crustal formation as it is happening .
Ridge 2000 was formed in 2001 as an interdisciplinary effort to study the geology , chemistry and biology of the poorly understood process by which the Earth 's crust is formed .
When researchers went to retrieve 12 ocean bottom seismometers placed along the East Pacific rise to monitor for submarine eruptions , they found most of the instruments were trapped in fresh lava or unresponsive .
Credit : Nicolle Rager - Fuller , NSF " Discovering new lava so soon after a seafloor eruption is a unique opportunity , " said Donna Blackman , current chair of the Ridge 2000 program .
" It allows Ridge researchers a rare chance to see how geologic processes affect the deep - sea ecosystems that thrive near hydrothermal vents . "
The first underwater eruption was not documented until 1990 , even though many probably occur each year , and seismometers on land still cannot detect the many small , distant earthquakes that scientists believe precede a submarine eruption for many months .
By comparison , earthquakes often occur only a few days or hours before a land - based volcanic eruption .
Tolstoy found that seismic activity at the site gradually built up for at least two years leading up to the brief , January 2006 eruption that entombed her instruments , raising the possibility that future eruptions may be forecast a year or more in advance .
" Our success emphasizes the importance of real - time monitoring on the seafloor so that next time we 'll be collecting many different types of data the moment an eruption starts , " said Tolstoy .
" That way we can really begin to understand this fundamental building block of our planet , from the mantle to the microbe . "
The Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , a member of The Earth Institute at Columbia University , is one of the world 's leading research centers examining the planet from its core to its atmosphere , across every continent and every ocean .
From global climate change to earthquakes , volcanoes , environmental hazards and beyond , Observatory scientists provide the basic knowledge of Earth systems needed to inform the future health and habitability of our planet .
About The Earth Institute
The Earth Institute at Columbia University is the world 's leading academic center for the integrated study of Earth , its environment and society .
The Earth Institute builds upon excellence in the core disciplines — earth sciences , biological sciences , engineering sciences , social sciences and health sciences — and stresses cross-disciplinary approaches to complex problems .
Through research , training and global partnerships , it mobilizes science and technology to advance sustainable development , while placing special emphasis on the needs of the world 's poor .
This article is offered to Internet users free of charge under the following conditions :
Internet users may maintain one print copy and one electronic copy of the file for use by members of the user 's household .
Permission to otherwise duplicate or " lend " this file without the author 's written consent is expressly denied .
The Book of Mormon - Artifact or Artifice ?
By Orson Scott Card Adapted from a speech given at the BYU Symposium on Life , the Universe , and Everything February 1993 The Book of Mormon is the most important book in my life .
I remember it as one of the earliest things I read , starting with Emma Mar Peterson 's children 's adaptation .
The illustrations in that book still linger in my mind as what black and white illustrations should look like .
Soon I graduated to The Book of Mormon itself .
I 've read it many , many times .
It shows up in my style .
Anybody who wonders why practically every sentence begins with " and , " " then , " " but " -- you just have to think of the phrase " And it came to pass , " and you will understand where that comes from .
You see , if a sentence is important and true , I instinctively feel that it must begin with a conjunction .
But the influence is much deeper than style .
It was the Book of Mormon that brought me to BYU as a student .
My high school grades were such that I could have taken my pick of schools , but I applied only here , because I intended to become an archaeologist and work on understanding the Book of Mormon .
I saw no point in going to any school that did not take the Book of Mormon seriously as an ancient document referring to real - world events .
Later , when I had abandoned the study of archaeology , mostly because I had found out that it was hard work , the Book of Mormon still kept changing my life .
I was a theatre student at BYU when I attended a play adaptation of some events in the Book of Mormon .
I sat there thinking , " Oh .
Oh , she missed the point , she did n't see what 's really important in the story . "
That impelled me to write my own treatment of that same story , which became one of my first produced plays , The Apostate , directed by Charles Whitman in the Arena Theatre at BYU .
It was that play which launched me on my career as a writer .
For the rest of my time at BYU , half my writing consisted of adapting other Book of Mormon stories into plays .
Years after I graduated , I worked on the first six animated adaptations of the Book of Mormon for Living Scriptures .
A few years ago , I was called upon by the Brethren to rewrite the Hill Cumorah Pageant .
They told me to ignore the existing script , and instead to go back to the Book of Mormon and find a way to shape a clear and coherent story that would present the book 's most important themes for an audience of nonmembers .
I 've been exploring , analyzing , dramatizing this book for a long time .
So , it seemed to me only natural that I should write my Homecoming series -- The Memory of Earth , The Call of Earth , The Ships of Earth .
These books are really just another dramatization of the Book of Mormon , only transformed into a science fictional setting , where by fictionalizing it I have the freedom to explore questions of character and society in a way that I could n't in a more direct adaptation .
Elements of the Book of Mormon have shown up in many of my other works .
The massacre at Tippy - canoe in Red Prophet , for instance , clearly is taken from the Book of Mormon .
Sometimes my debt to the Book of Mormon is unconscious .
Not until Professor Michael Collings pointed it out did I realize that in my first novel , Hot Sleep , the naive narrators in the middle of the book were clearly reminiscent of the narrators in the books taken from the small plates of Nephi .
In short , I have explored the Book of Mormon again and again , going back to that deep well to draw water .
No matter how much I take from it , the well is still full .
* What Is This Book ?
The Book of Mormon has its own account of how we got it .
Most of us here are familiar with that account .
Joseph Smith told us how he got the book .
You know the story .
An angel appeared in his bedroom three times in one night .
Later on , while he was climbing over a fence , it appeared to him again .
A most insistent angel .
Following the angel 's directions , Joseph Smith went to a nearby hill where he found buried in it an artifact of an ancient civilization -- golden plates with words written on them in a language he did not understand .
After four years of annual visits to that hill , Joseph Smith took the golden plates into his possession and proceeded to translate them with divine aid , dictating the words of the book to a scribe .
We have witnesses of that process , the testimony of people who participated in the translation .
Three witnesses were shown the plates by the angel and testified to its divine origin .
Another eight witnesses handled the plates and swore that they were physically real .
At the end of the prophet 's translation , he returned the plates to the Angel Moroni .
Therefore , they are not to be seen among us now .
Either Joseph Smith 's account is true , or it is n't .
Either the witnesses who said they saw the plates lied , or they did n't .
If the account he gave us is true , then the Book of Mormon must be what it purports to be , which is the record of an ancient people written by an ancient author , and Joseph Smith 's role in providing us with the Book of Mormon was solely as translator .
Therefore , we should find his influence in the book , or the influence of any other 1820s American , only where we would expect to find a translator 's influence : that is , in matters of word choice , consciously or unconsciously linking Book of Mormon events to experiences that he and his American readers could understand , choosing the clearest language he had available to him , fitting ideas he found in the book into existing American concepts as best he could ..
Or he did not get the Book of Mormon the way he said , in which case somebody in the 1820s in the United States made it up , and in that case it is fiction , and we should find Joseph Smith 's or someone else 's influence there as author .
In that case all of the ideas and events in the book should come out of the mind of an 1820s American , and it should reflect faithfully the kind of thing an 1820s American would do in trying to create a record which he was going to pass off as an ancient document .
Scripture ... Now , if the Book of Mormon is scripture , who wrote it ?
The first part of it is written by a man named Nephi , probably writing as an older man looking back on his life , explaining to his own people why and how they were chosen by God .
It would have been written in the context of many wars against his brothers ' people , and therefore would include a great deal of justification of his own people 's rightness versus their enemies ' wrongness .
It would not be an impartial history by any means , or even an impartial autobiography .
It 's highly selective :
It states clearly that it is designed to show how God worked with him and his family .
It includes transcriptions of his favorite scriptures and commentary on the ideas that matter most to him .
He has a very specific audience with clear recorded purposes in mind .
The next author is Jacob , his younger brother , who has no memory of Jerusalem , and , therefore , less contact with the culture of that city .
He 's a vigorous disciple of his older brother , he 's writing to the people of his own time , and he's also aware of the scriptures ' importance to the people of the future .
Then Enos , Jacob 's son , gives his personal testimony , but he's not taking that same role as a teacher or leader in his culture .
Then we have a group of authors writing with increasing brevity , sometimes as little as a verse : Jarom , Omni , and others following after .
They are minor , weak , and dwindling .
They amount to virtually nothing , until the last one writes only to justify turning his particular records over to the king , who is the suitable person , in his mind , to receive ancient records .
Which , by the way , is something that would certainly not be a cultural idea available to Joseph Smith .
You do n't turn ancient records over to kings in the world of the 1820s in America .
Kings would have nothing to do with ancient records .
You would turn ancient records over to a scholar .
We know that that was Joseph Smith 's personal attitude because when he wanted to find support for his translation in order to encourage Martin Harris 's continuing support , he sent Harris , not to a king or a president or a political leader , but to a scholar .
The next author we meet is Mormon , the dominant author of the text of the Book of Mormon .
He 's a man who was a general since his youth , a leader of armies , a man of war , and a man of God .
We should expect to see reflections of that in the text .
He is watching his people collapse and decay , and no doubt wondering about the mechanisms that cause nations to collapse and decay .
For much of his life he is forbidden to preach to his own people , though he longs to do so .
Instead he devotes his time to collecting and abridging ancient writings , but the resulting writings will probably reflect his desire to preach .
He is a man who claims to have seen our own time in vision and knows that he is writing directly to us , unlike Nephi .
From the Words of Mormon through to Mormon 's own book , he abridged old historical records , prophecies , biographies , speeches written by other people .
You will find then in his text both abridgements and summaries of other people 's writings , and therefore we should find traces of their attitudes and feelings in the book .
In addition , we will find the voices of those whose works he includes whole , or at least the voices of those who purport to have written down what they said .
We 'll find his priorities and interests reflected in his selection of things he has included .
Then we meet Mormon 's son Moroni as an author .
He writes relatively little , but he is a prophet and military leader in his own right .
He had helped in his father 's work and in fact completed Mormon 's eponymous book .
We may also have encountered his voice here and there earlier in the text without knowing it .
He continued writing in solitude after his father 's death .
The book ends with his testimony , which looks almost entirely to our time , and he is the one who , resurrected , returned to lead Joseph Smith to the plates .
We also have another important author , Ether , but we only have his writings as abridged by Moroni , and his writings are also an abridgement and a summary of earlier records from a culture completely unrelated to the cultural traditions from which the rest of the Book of Mormon arose .
We should find traces of that earlier culture , though it should be triple - filtered through the perceptions and concerns of the abridgers , Ether and Moroni , and the translator , Joseph Smith .
We 're talking about a seriously complex artifact here .
If the Book of Mormon is scripture , then these are the authors of the book .
... Or Hoax .
If the Book of Mormon is literature , then some American in the 1820s , most probably Joseph Smith , actually set out to fake a document that would fool us into thinking that all these other guys wrote it , reflecting the concerns of at least three different cultures , none of them particularly similar to the culture of frontier America in its fifth decade .
Now the project of faking up the Book of Mormon is what I 'm going to talk about here , because it 's very much like what we science fiction writers do .
Most of the time , though , we do n't pretend to be creating a document from another culture .
Instead , American science fiction writers make it very plain that we are 20th - century Americans writing to 20th - century Americans .
Nevertheless , occasionally a science fiction writer or a fantasy writer does write a document that in itself purports to be from another culture .
And whether the text pretends to have been written from within another culture or not , most science fiction presents cultures that no one has ever seen , histories that no one else can verify .
We write about made - up lands and made - up cultures .
If the Book of Mormon were fiction , Joseph Smith or someone else must have done the same -- made up a culture that no one else has ever seen .
Writing something that purports to be an artifact of another culture is the most complicated , difficult kind of science fiction , because not only is it about strange things , it must also in itself be a strange thing .
And when you have not one , but several different narrators with different rhetorical stances , it becomes even more difficult .
There are different perspectives , different personalities , and the culture must change across time , so that writers from the culture early on must somehow have differences from writers in that culture later on .
So we 're talking about a very tough project , one which is rarely attempted and which is almost never attempted under circumstances where you actually try to pass it off as a genuine document .
Even those of us who write science fiction publish it with the word " fiction " somewhere on the cover .
Our name is on it as author , and we expect to get credit for our inventiveness .
We do n't try to say we found it .
There is a historical precedent , however .
An ancient Scottish poet named Ossian was " discovered " by a man named James McPherson , who supposedly translated this work of ancient Celtic poetry which he found .
In his own time , his work was taken very seriously as an ancient text .
It was an era when people loved the idea of finding ancient manuscripts , especially manuscripts native to the British isles .
When they praised the poems , they praised Ossian , not McPherson .
It was in an era when new work was not respected as much as old work , so if you could find a way to put out new work as old work , you 'd get much more favorable attention for it .
McPherson was not a particularly good poet -- but Ossian supposedly came from a more primitive time , and therefore his poetry was remarkably sophisticated for the time it was supposedly written .
McPherson produced exactly what people of his time expected or desired ancient Celtic poetry to be .
But it also happened to be deeply , hopelessly wrong .
It took only a little while before the fraud was exposed .
Though most critics accepted Ossian , Samuel Johnson accused McPherson of forgery during his lifetime ; McPherson never did refute that charge or provide the originals .
Yet he remained a Member of Parliament until his death in 1796 .
Today , of course , the press would have seized upon Johnson 's charges and hounded him to an early grave .
It was a more courteous age .
Today , though , when you look at the works of Ossian you can clearly see that this is the work of an 18th - century British writer .
It has nothing to do with what you 'd expect to find from an ancient Scottish writer .
It 's an obvious hoax , good enough only to fool people in a fundamentally ignorant time .
* Cultural Confession Joseph Smith 's project , if it was a fraud , was far more ambitious than McPherson 's ; a much longer , more extensive work , with multiple authors .
We 're talking about somebody jumping off a cliff here , folks .
His work should proclaim itself to be a phony on every page today .
This is because every storyteller , no matter how careful he is , will inadvertently confess his own character and the society he lives in .
He can make every conscious effort , he can be the best educated scholar you could possibly find , but if he tries to write something that is not of his own culture he will give himself away with every unconscious choice he makes .
Yet he 'll never know he 's doing it because it wo n't occur to him that it could be any other way .
Even the best science fiction writers make this mistake all the time , but we forgive it because we do n't expect any better .
They 're not really pretending to be translating a genuine document of another culture .
They 're looking for readers , not believers .
You can spot , immediately , the decade in which almost any science fiction story was written .
Any one of you here could do it .
The conventions of language alone , will give it away .
The style of writing that was prevalent in the 1950s is completely different from what you expect in the post - 60s world of science fiction .
Anybody who is writing after William Gibson will have been bent by Neuromancer .
We 'll see the influences of each era , because the accepted mode of storytelling has changed .
Furthermore , we find preoccupations with contemporary issues .
Science fiction of the 1950s invariably has some element that refers to the fear of Communism or Nazism .
In the 1960s and 70s we find lots of references to rebellious counter - culture groups , libertarianism starts popping up seriously , and we find a lot of drug culture stories , reflecting concerns and values that were virtually unknown earlier .
The level of knowledge of science will also change across time in science fiction .
Nobody 's writing stories about breathing the atmosphere of Venus anymore .
Most important are the cultural assumptions .
Let 's step outside science fiction for a moment .
How many of you have seen old episodes of I Love Lucy ?
The relationship between a husband and wife in that show , between males and females in general , is deeply offensive , to me at least .
Actually , it was deeply offensive to me even in the fifties .
I never liked Lucy as a child because I thought she was an idiot , and I really never liked her husband because I thought he treated her like a jerk -- but I had a different standard of what a husband and wife should be than the rest of American culture , apparently , because I never saw the series criticized on those grounds at the time .
Nevertheless , even as recently as Bewitched we find ludicrous remnants of a pre-feminist culture , and yet the writers writing in that time had no concept that they were giving away the fact that they were writing in the 50s .
They would never have dreamed that they had better change the way they treat women in their fiction in order to make sure that people from the 70s still could understand their work and its context .
It did n't cross their minds because it did n't occur to them that the relationship between men and women could possibly be any other way .
The same thing is clear in fiction from the 1930s and 1940s , wherever the writers depict the relationship between blacks and whites in America .
Even people who would have thought themselves very liberal , open - minded , tolerant , non-racist people , nevertheless put blacks in a social role with attitudes that would be unthinkable in fiction today .
You know when you 're reading something from the 30s and 40s because of the perfectly blithe and innocent way in which these writers keep blacks " in their place . "
At the time , it did n't cross their minds that there could ever be a time when white people would actually seriously think of black people being their intellectual and social equals .
And as for blacks and whites marrying each other and remaining acceptable to other people -- that was unthinkable , even among the most liberal .
Even now , today , we have assumptions that we do not think to question .
Assumptions about property ownership , for example , which are really not that widespread through time -- but our fiction invariably assumes that people own the things they own and will continue to own them for quite some time .
We even have the ludicrous assumption that after we 're dead we still have the right to control the disposition of our property , and pass it along to our heirs .
What a silly notion , really -- but it 's not questioned in our fiction .
( Of course , now that I 've questioned it , you 'll be aware of it -- but even at this moment some of you are incapable of understanding how property could be handled any other way ; you are so deeply involved in American culture of the 1990s you can't even comprehend the Doctrine and Covenants . )
We make other assumptions .
For instance , we assume that someone 's job is somehow tied to his identity .
Who are you ?
I 'm an engineer .
What is he ?
He 's a doctor .
In many other cultures it would be unthinkable to answer these questions in terms of career .
The answers would refer to family , tribe , city , or caste .
What would your occupation have to do with anything ?
But stories produced by contemporary Americans do n't question the assumption that career is the most important distinguishing feature of character .
We make assumptions about education , about what formal education means , about how necessary it is , about what it 's for , about who should get it .
We make assumptions about family relationships and how important a particular family relationship will be in our lives .
In America today , very little fiction actually includes family members outside the immediate family in any kind of important role .
A cousin ?
Why in the world would cousins come up in the story ?
And if a grandparent is living in the same house with the main character , it is regarded as unusual ; it is commented upon .
Most contemporary fiction writers do n't even have questions about the fundamental morality of our culture , even though it has changed drastically in many ways over the past thirty years .
We take a lot of things for granted that are not necessarily taken for granted in other cultures .
How much fiction have you read lately in which the author does not assume that two people who are mutually attracted will sleep together at the earliest opportunity ?
And if they do n't sleep together , it is only because of loyalty to an existing relationship , never because of any moral barrier to unmarried sexual congress .
The Book of Mormon , if it is a science fiction work , if it is an artifact of the 1820s , should be thick with similar cultural clues .
1820s America should leap out of every page , exactly the way 1950s America leaps out of every minute of every episode of I Love Lucy .
* Language
At the language and word - choice level , of course , the Book of Mormon , as a translated document , should be pure Joseph Smith .
It should reflect what a man of his level of education in 1820s America thinks scripture should sound like .
And of course we have exactly the ersatz King James version voice that the Prophet knew the translation would have to have if it were to be taken as scripture by the people he was going to offer it to .
Fake or genuine , the Book of Mormon would need that .
And , fake or genuine , the Prophet 's attempt at old - fashioned formal English should reveal his lack of education -- which it does , with numerous grammatical errors and misuses of archaic forms , many of which survive even in current editions of the Book of Mormon .
But it 's no surprise that the translator repeatedly errs , because this is not his natural speaking voice .
No one speaks this kind of language around him .
He does n't understand the grammar , and so grammatical errors are thick on the ground .
Those who believe , like David Whitmer , that the translation appeared word for word on the Urim and Thummum , are ripe for disillusionment -- or else they are accusing God of some really embarrassing grammatical errors .
This is ultimately why David Whitmer ended up outside the Church -- he refused to accept the idea that Joseph Smith could edit revelations previously given , precisely because Whitmer believed God gave them to him word for word .
But Whitmer 's view of translation was wrong .
However the process of inspiration worked , it could only produce language that already existed in Joseph Smith 's mind .
Whether the Book of Mormon is a fraud or a genuine translated book , it will reflect Joseph Smith 's language .
So the words are definitely used as 1820s Americans would understand them , or misunderstand them , especially an 1820s American of Joseph Smith 's educational level .
To a degree they even reflect some of his personal style -- but not entirely .
As with any translation , there should be word patterns , word orders , idiomatic expressions in the original language that survive translation , that bend the translator 's language into new forms and directions .
So in the Book of Mormon we should expect to find foreign and alien word patterns along with Joseph Smith 's effort to sound scriptural .
Much better scholars than I have already explored exactly these elements in Joseph Smith 's translation , and I have no intention of trying to move into an area so far from my own expertise .
( As a science fiction writer , when I do this sort of thing I fake it mercilessly .
I make no effort beyond the most cursory to try to make my narrators speak differently from myself . )
There are many areas apart from language , however , where only a science fiction writer or a very perceptive science fiction reader is likely to know how very difficult it is -- impossible , really -- to tell a story without confessing the author 's own culture .
* American Culture and the Book of Mormon
If the Book of Mormon is a fake , what should we expect an 1820s American to put into this book ?
Lost Tribes .
One thing we should definitely expect is exactly what most people who have n't read it assume the Book of Mormon is .
They assume that it 's a book about the Ten Lost Tribes , because that 's what Joseph Smith 's culture would definitely have produced .
It was in the air .
Speculation about the Indians being descended from the lost tribes of Israel was common .
Why would n't Joseph Smith have followed that line of speculation ?
It 's hard to imagine why an 1820s American would come up with some ludicrous story about someone escaping from Judah in 600 B.C.
It has nothing to do with anything that matters in American religious culture of the time , while the Ten Lost Tribes were an obsessive topic at the time .
Yet it is n't a book about the Ten Lost Tribes .
And here 's the kicker .
If Joseph Smith had been deliberately flouting expectations , he would have made a point within the text about how this is not a story of the lost tribes .
Yet , contrary to all expectations , the lost tribes are barely hinted at ; they have almost nothing to do with the story , negatively or positively .
Women .
Another thing we should definitely expect in an 1820s book is a love interest .
This is no joke .
Biography and history always focused on love interests in that era .
Even the Bible has plenty of love interest stories -- Ruth and Boaz , Joseph and Mary , Moses and Miriam , Abram and Sarai , Isaac and Rebecca , Jacob and Rachel , David and Bathsheba , Solomon and Sheba -- in Joseph Smith 's era , all these stories were interpreted with powerful emphasis on romantic love .
Women occupied a very important role in the stories being told in America in the 1820s .
No contemporary feminist would approve of the role women played -- but they were there , and they mattered .
All heroic deeds were done for women , to obtain the love of a good woman .
We have the troubadours to thank for that .
The romantic tradition was very much alive in Joseph Smith 's time .
Unfortunately women are virtually absent from the Book of Mormon .
When they do manage to show up , they are rarely named .
There are only three women who are actually of the culture of the Book of Mormon who are given names .
One is Sariah , the mother of Nephi .
Another is a harlot named Isabel , and the third is a servant woman named Abish .
None of the queens who show up in the story are mentioned by name .
None of these writers ever mentions his own wife , and when women do show up in a specific role they 're still almost never named .
Nephi did not even bother to mention the name of the woman who saved his life by pleading for him in the desert .
( A lot of people leap to the conclusion that this must have been the woman who ended up marrying Nephi .
My own feeling is that Laman would hardly have listened to the pleading of Nephi 's wife - to - be .
It seems far more likely to me that the woman who pleaded for him was Laman 's intended .
The very fact that Nephi did n't name her supports this , I think , because , while he had to include this woman in his story , he could n't very well point out that it was the woman who ended up marrying Laman .
Laman is the king of the bad guys when Nephi is writing his account , and his wife is presumably queen .
Nephi did n't spend much time in his account giving credit to his enemies for their virtuous actions .
Of course , none of this is proof -- but it's at least an intriguing possibility . )
The way women are treated in the Book of Mormon is not even remotely the way women were regarded and treated in the 1820s in the United States .
If you doubt that , you have only to look at the way that Mormon women were treated in the history written by B. H. Roberts , or the Documentary History , which is more a product of that time .
It is telling , perhaps , that the only Book of Mormon culture in which mothers play an important role is not the culture of the writers of the book -- not Nephite culture .
Rather when two thousand young soldiers give credit to their mothers for having taught them courage and righteousness , they are products of Lamanite culture .
And , again , it is within Lamanite culture where the queen of the Lamanites plays an important role in the conversion of her people , and where a servant named Abish saves the lives of the Lamanite king and queen who lie in a trance , overwhelmed by the Spirit .
Remove these Lamanite cultural expressions from the story , and you find the Book of Mormon quite startling in its omission of women from the events of Nephite history .
This is quite foreign to attitudes in Joseph Smith 's culture .
And while the Book of Mormon attitude toward women is perfectly acceptable in many other cultures in world history , they are not cultures the Prophet would have known of .
Awareness of the Audience .
But the most telling confessions are little , tiny , unnoticeable choices , because that 's where even the most brilliant fakers would give themselves away .
He will make his invented culture different from the culture he lives in -- but it will only be different where he has thought of it .
The Book of Mormon should be an American story only where the author of the hoax thought of making the culture different .
Every element of More 's Utopia and Swift 's Gulliver 's Travels and Defoe 's Robinson Crusoe is presented in light of English culture of the author 's time .
Wherever the foreign land has not been made deliberately different from England , it is the same ; and where it is different , the difference is clearly pointed out and commented upon .
Of course , since these works are written from the point of view of a character in the story who is a contemporary Englishman , the narrative should point up the differences .
But there should be far more differences in the first place ; it is absurd how English these foreign lands turn out to be .
The author of an invented culture is going to be proud of his creation .
It is almost impossible not to flaunt one 's most fascinating ideas , to make them important plot points so that the audience can't possibly miss them .
Unfortunately , if the Book of Mormon is a hoax , the author is astonishingly humble .
The very cleverest cultural differences are not pointed up ; on the contrary , they are often concealed so that most readers are completely unaware of them , and even cite them as examples of similarities to 1820s American culture .
Even the humblest and most self - effacing of authors , however , are incapable of completely forgetting the contemporary audience .
Even when the narrator is supposedly a member of the strange culture , the author will still throw in those little explanations that will be necessary for a contemporary audience to understand the culture which he 's presenting .
Since the author has invented the strange culture , he is keenly aware of all of the differences , all the things that will be hard for his readers to understand .
He will make sure that the cultural context is explained .
He may be very clever about it , but the explanation will be there .
But if it 's a genuine document , those differences will be almost invisible , because the writer wo n't think that it could possibly be any other way and , therefore , it wo n't occur to him that it needs any explanation .
I Love Lucy episodes never stopped to explain , " By the way , the husband is the head of the home and has the authority to tell his wife what to do , just as if she were a child . "
They assume that the audience will know that .
They assume that the audience does n't need a defense of Ricky 's spanking Lucy .
" By the way , this is n't wife abuse . "
The need for such an explanation does n't occur to them .
However , the Book of Mormon is a complicated document .
Mormon is abridging documents that come from many generations before him .
Just as there are cultural differences between 1950 and 1990 , there will be times when Mormon , writing in the later fourth century , is aware of cultural changes since the time of Alma , for instance , four centuries before .
So there will be times when he explains culture .
However , even though he has seen our time in vision , he has not lived in it , and by and large he will explain those cultural differences , not to us , but rather in terms that would clarify them to people of his own time .
And while Mormon will probably explain things that seem strange to him from the earlier documents that he 's abridging , it wo n't occur to him to explain things that seem still perfectly normal to him .
Judges .
So -- does the author of the Book of Mormon explain things that an American audience of the 1820s would need to have explained , and in terms they would understand ?
Hardly .
Let 's look at just some of the most obvious things , some of the places where people think Joseph Smith blew it .
For example , when Mosiah gives up his throne , the reign of the judges begins , and the judges are chosen " by the voice of the people . "
This is automatically taken by the critics of the Book of Mormon as proof that Joseph Smith , living in a democracy , had to show American democracy as the ideal government .
Think again .
The resemblance between the reign of the judges and American democracy are superficial at best .
Mormon , living in a time when judges apparently do not rule , explains what his culture would need to have explained -- but does not comment at all upon the very significant ways that the judges differ from American democracy .
The judges may be in some sense chosen by the will of the people , but look at how it actually works .
In Joseph Smith 's time there was much talk about the constitutional division of the executive , legislative , and judicial powers .
But in the Book of Mormon , the judge not only judges people , but also enforces the law and directs the gathering of taxes and supplies and sending them in support of the armies .
Not your normal , traditional role .
He enforces traditional law , but when new laws are needed , the judge makes them !
Where in American life of his time would Joseph Smith have seen this ?
How are these judges selected ?
We hear of almost no contested elections .
On the contrary , judges seem to nominate their successors .
With few exceptions , the judge serves until death , and is usually succeeded by a son or brother , or by a member of a family that has previously held the judgeship .
Now , except for the Adamses , there were no dynasties in Joseph Smith 's America .
The judges actually function as elected kings .
The old pattern of government still endured , they just had a different method of choosing the guy in charge .
Mormon pointed out the difference , which meant he stressed the election of the judges by the voice of the people , never questioning that authority should stay in only a few aristocratic families and that judges should have monarchical powers .
Far from being a mistake in the Book of Mormon , this is one of the places where the Book of Mormon makes it clear that it does not come from 1820s American culture .
Even the best of hoaxers would have made the judges far more American .
Lineage .
Furthermore , when we do find social classes in the Book of Mormon , political divisions , they seem to reflect alien to anything Joseph Smith was familiar with .
To Joseph Smith , social classes were based entirely on money , which was displayed in the form of property .
Where money is the basis of social distinction in the Book of Mormon , it is never associated with land , but rather with fine clothing .
This is entirely consistent with Meso - America , but hardly a pattern Joseph Smith would have known .
When social conflict comes in the Book of Mormon , it seems to follow lineage rather than economic distinctions .
A common pattern in the Caribbean basin was for an invading tribe to establish themselves as a permanent ruling class over the indigenous tribe , as the Taino of Haiti did .
This seems to be the hidden pattern within the Book of Mormon culture .
The Nephites seem to have been a ruling class superimposed on the underlying Mulekite population of Zarahemla , and as their influence spread , they continued this pattern of bringing indigenous people under the rule of a Nephite aristocracy .
The Zoramites seem to have done the same , so that the division between the Zoramites and the poor is very clearly drawn .
The poor are ruled by the Zoramites , but they are not Zoramites themselves .
In Ammonihah , Amulek asserts that he is a descendant of Nephi .
This seems to be important , though it would hardly be so if everyone was descended from Nephi .
But perhaps the distinction is clearest in the struggle between Kingmen and Freemen .
This is thought by many of Joseph Smith 's critics to be based on the American Revolution , but if anything it is the opposite -- an effort on the part of an old aristocracy to reassert its primacy over the new judges .
The America that Joseph Smith knew had no hereditary class that large numbers of people thought had the right to rule .
Even in England , a culture the Prophet was probably marginally familiar with , no group of nobles could possibly have assembled a popular army that would seek to bring back kingly rather than parliamentary rule .
But Zarahemla had a clan , a lineage , that could command enormous popular support -- the old ruling family of the Mulekites .
The Nephite kings had abandoned their right to rule , and had turned over the government to elected judges .
But the indigenous people of Zarahemla would remember that they had once had kings of their own , before these strangers came from the land of Nephi .
And they knew who the king should be .
So even though the Book of Mormon calls it a war between Kingmen and Freemen -- which is how it would certainly appear to those on the side of the Freemen , as the writers of the Book of Mormon accounts certainly were -- it might have seemed to the Kingmen themselves to be a struggle between the ancient native tradition and the ruling class , which had surrendered its legitimacy by giving up the throne .
After all , the Nephite kings had only ruled for three generations in Zarahemla .
This view makes the Book of Mormon story much clearer and seems to fit the cultural patterns in the book .
On the other hand , the American Revolution provides no useful analogy and does n't fit the facts in the book .
Yet if the Book of Mormon were a hoax , this alien social pattern would surely have been pointed out and clarified so that the 1820s American reader could n't possibly miss it .
Instead , it is simply taken for granted by the author , so that it can easily be overlooked by the reader who is n't looking for alien social patterns .
Neither Mormon nor the writers whose works he abridged would even think to explain the relationships among tribes and lineages , because to them those things were obvious .
For an analogy , you might look at the mysteries of Tony Hillerman .
His stories are set on the Navaho reservation of Arizona and New Mexico , yet he feels no need to stop and explain to the American reader that the Navahos were once an independent nation , which was confined to a reservation by the U.S. government .
He certainly does not go through the whole history of the relationship between native Americans and the European invaders .
Likewise , how many essays and articles are written about poverty in American cities today without bothering to go through the whole history of slavery , emancipation , segregation , the African - American migration to the cities of the North , and the struggle for civil rights ?
In a longer history of America , of course , these themes would be dealt with , precisely because they have changed over time .
In fact , because of the rapidity of change in our culture , we have a tendency to explain a lot more than historians from earlier eras .
Even so , how many histories of important events in American history do you think could be written without a single mention of drive - in movies , microwave ovens , and handheld calculators ?
We ignore what we take for granted , just as the writers of the Book of Mormon did .
When , after the birth of Christ , the Nephite society broke down completely , people immediately lapsed into tribal organizations -- Nephites , Jacobites , Josephites , and so on .
But in all the years since the Nephites first organized themselves as a nation , we have had not a single mention of those tribes other than the ruling Nephites themselves .
We might have thought that all the people were Nephites .
And yet those tribal organizations persisted throughout the entire six hundred years of Nephite society and were available to provide a skeletal social organization when the rule of law broke down .
So the hoaxer who was writing the Book of Mormon was so brilliant that he not only maintained this shadow organization of society until it was needed in the plot just before King Jacob , but also deliberately did not mention it , in keeping with the way history would be written by someone within that culture .
Speculation on Zarahemla .
Let me offer an aside on the matter of Zarahemla and the Mulekites .
Much has been made of the statement by King Zarahemla that his people were descended from the youngest son of King Zedekiah .
Extraordinary and completely unconvincing efforts have been made to find such a son , overlooked by the Babylonian captors of Jerusalem ; just as much effort has been devoted to explaining how a good Jaredite name like Mulek could show up in the family of an Israelite king .
But is this really necessary ?
In Meso - American culture , every ruling class had to assert an ancient ancestor who was a god or , at the very least , a king in an admired culture .
Whoever ruled in the Valley of Mexico always had to claim to be descended from or heirs of the Toltecs .
Rival Mayan cities would play at ancestral one - upmanship .
Imagine , now , the vigorous and dangerous Nephites , coming down the valley of the Sidon River from the highlands of Guatemala .
King Zarahemla is negotiating with King Mosiah .
Mosiah tells him of his ancestry , of course , and the story of how God led Lehi and Nephi out of Jerusalem at the time when Zedekiah was king of Israel .
To Mosiah , what he is doing is bearing his testimony and asserting the divine guidance that he receives as the legitimate king of a chosen people .
To Zarahemla , what he is doing is claiming that his lineage gives him the right to rule over the people of Zarahemla and displace him from the kingship .
So what does Zarahemla do ?
Well , Mosiah admits that his ancestors were not kings in Israel .
So Zarahemla picks his most noble ancestor , Mulek , and then declares him to be the son of that last king of Israel .
Thus if anybody has the right to rule over anybody , it 's Zarahemla who has the right to rule over Mosiah and his people .
But Mosiah kindly points out that if Zarahemla and his people are descended from Israelites , they certainly seem to have forgotten the language and writing , and therefore have obviously degenerated from the high culture of Israel .
The Nephites , on the other hand , have preserved a writing system that no one else uses , and which Zarahemla can't read .
They have a history accounting for every year since they arrived in America , which Zarahemla of course cannot produce .
In the end , whatever negotiation there was ended up with Zarahemla bowing out of the kingship and his people becoming subject to rule by the Nephites .
But the story of Mulek served a very useful purpose even so -- it allowed the people to merge , not with the hostility of conquerors over the conquered , though in fact that is what the relationship fundamentally was , but rather with the idea of brotherhood .
They were all Israelites .
Thus no one had any reason to question the Mulek story , because , while it failed in its original purpose , to allow Zarahemla to prevail over Mosiah , it still served the valuable function of uniting the newly combined nation as a single tribe .
It was n't completely successful , of course , or there would n't have been a later revolt of Kingmen against Nephite Freemen , but considering that the people of Zarahemla outnumbered the people of Mosiah by quite a bit , the Mulek story may well have contributed to the ultimate victory of the judges in that struggle .
If this speculation is true , it does not imply that the Book of Mormon is somehow false .
No one in the Book of Mormon ever claims that the story of Mulek came to anybody by inspiration .
The source is never more than Zarahemla 's assertion during his negotiations with Mosiah .
That Mormon and other writers believed the story does not prove it true or false , it simply proves that it was part of the Nephite culture .
And if my speculation is right , and Mulek was no more a son of Zedekiah than I am , we are spared the confusion of trying to reconcile this account with the utter lack of convincing evidence that Zedekiah had a boy named Mulek who escaped the Babylonians without generating a vast amount of Jewish tradition looking for the return of the lost son of the last king of Judah .
We do n't have to account for a migration to America led by the Lord but without the same kind of preparation and commandments given to Lehi and Nephi .
We do n't have to account for the fact that we think of America as being the inheritance of Manasseh and Ephraim , while in fact two thirds of the Nephites would have been descended from Judah -- which to my mind , at least , would make hash of the literality of the application of the parable of the stick of Joseph and the stick of Judah to the Book of Mormon and the Bible .
But this is only speculation , and if I 'm wrong , and there really was a Mulek led to America by the Lord , I 'm not going to lose my testimony about it !
I just think it 's something to think about , a possibility to consider .
Instant Cities .
Joseph Smith lived in a place where new settlements had sprung up in the wilderness , and he was quite familiar with what it took .
Americans of his time and place new perfectly well the difference between a settlement , a village , a town , and a city .
They knew from hard experience exactly what it took to get from wilderness to city -- how many years , how many settlers .
So why is it that when Captain Moroni is trying to secure the Nephite borders , he founds cities left and right ?
Cities that are instantly fortified and populated , seemingly without any kind of migration of settlers from the heartland of the Nephites ?
Joseph Smith knew the word fort , and new perfectly well that a military commander trying to secure hostile country would not found cities -- he would build forts and leave garrisons in them .
But in Meso - American culture , particularly in the jungles where the Mayans built their cities , there were always small villages and settlements in the wilderness , families on their own , and an ambitious king looking to expand could very easily move into a new territory , gather together a lot of isolated and vulnerable settlers , and unite them into a city .
No settlers were needed from outside .
The people were already there .
They simply gathered together to create public works -- temples , in Mayan times , but in Moroni 's case , fortifications for defense .
The cities did n't require large garrisons , since the newly gathered people became citizen soldiers .
And many people would gladly accept the overlordship of the people who gathered them and made a city out of them .
It gave them greater safety , a sense of identity , and bonds with a great nation and desirable culture , not to mention a powerful religion .
Nobody in 1820s America knew anything about this .
Yet Captain Moroni goes through the wilderness building cities exactly as Mayans could and did .
And the author of the Book of Mormon did n't even make a big deal about it -- just took it for granted as being the way the world worked .
Of course you can build instant cities in the wilderness , without bringing in outside settlers .
So it seemed to Mormon .
But could it possibly have seemed that way to Joseph Smith ?
Lawyers .
The appearance of lawyers in the Book of Mormon is assumed by many to be proof that this is an American artifact .
After all , Joseph Smith and his family had plenty of reason to have a low opinion of lawyers , and the references to lawyers in the Book of Mormon are hardly flattering .
But there is nothing uniquely American about lawyers .
The Romans had lawyers , too , and that the Roman pattern of lawyers was a lot more like what the Book of Mormon used than any American lawyers that Joseph Smith was acquainted with .
That is , a lawyer like Zeezrom seemed to be effective , not because of more skillful manipulation of law , but because of his persuasiveness and personal influence .
He would take someone under his protection and speak as personal advocate .
With Zeezrom on your side , you would win , not because he understood the law , but because of his rhetoric and his reputation for power .
Furthermore , the prosecution of Alma and Amulek seemed to originate with the lawyers themselves as the complainants , while Alma and Amulek had no defense attorney , but rather spoke for themselves .
It does n't follow the American pattern .
Naming .
In fact , the only thing that makes Zeezrom and his ilk seem American is the fact that Joseph Smith translated the Nephite word for the role they played in Nephite society as the English word lawyer .
And this is exactly right .
If Joseph Smith was receiving the pure knowledge of what Mormon meant as they wrote , he would still have to put it down in English .
In a few rare cases , the idea he was trying to translate had no English equivalent , and so we find cureloms and cumoms .
But most of the time , there was some English word that came to Joseph Smith , a word that was close enough to convey the idea .
As with all translation , though , the words are never exact and never can be .
It is the most correct translation possible , but a perfect translation is not possible .
So for Joseph Smith to apply the word lawyer to an advocate in a legal system that was not very close to the American legal system can be misleading , but it is still the most correct possible translation given the language that the Prophet had available to him at the time .
In fact , the very lack of exotic names supports the genuineness of Joseph Smith 's translation .
Science fiction writers and critics are quite aware of a long tradition of what James Blish called " shmeerps . "
Blish pointed out how silly it was that most science fiction writers , when trying to show an alien fauna , would produce a creature that looked like a rabbit and acted like a rabbit and was treated like a rabbit , and yet it was called a " shmeerp . "
This is ludicrous , of course .
People migrating to a new land with strange plants and animals will use familiar names for the new creatures .
Thus the English immigrants to America called the bison " buffaloes " and referred to maize as " Indian corn " and finally just " corn , " even though in England that word had been a generic term for grain .
The English felt no need to come up with new names for items that were " close enough . "
Surely the Nephites followed the same pattern , using old words for new objects .
Thus , if in fact there were no horses in America at the time of the Book of Mormon , the Hebrew word for horse could still quite readily be applied to some other animal that functioned like a horse .
Furthermore , the language Mormon wrote in may well have been an ideographic language , in which case it would hardly matter what the spoken word for a particular animal was , as long as Nephite writers had agreed to use the old " horse " ideograph to refer to that animal .
Thus it is no more surprising that the word " horse " appears in the Book of Mormon than that the word " buffalo " was used in a nation where there were no buffaloes , but only bison .
The funny thing , though , is that most science fiction writers still get it wrong , still come up with dozens of needless and often unpronounceable alien or " modern - sounding " names for commonplace objects .
We 've had computers for two generations now , and no one has yet felt a need to call them " puters , " for instance -- and yet I still find brand new science fiction novels that feel the need to come up with a stupid futuristic name for computers .
When a science fiction writer wants to show a futuristic book , which is read digitally , he 'll often come up with some fancy new name for it .
It does n't seem to occur to him that futuristic books will be called -- get this -- " books . "
After all , when we wanted a name for the thing we drive around in , we called it a " car , " even though automobiles were quite different from railroad cars .
The word automobile also survived , of course , because English is a language that loves redundancy .
But think of how often you talk about getting the kids into the auto .
The common word is the word that already existed , and which was simply applied to the new thing .
And we Americans are a people accustomed to new word coinages and technical innovations that demand new language .
Most cultures are not so open to new language , and most languages are not so open to borrowing and coinages .
They tend to apply old language to new situations .
We science fiction writers have generations of experience to guide us , and we still can't get it right .
The author of the Book of Mormon , if it 's a hoax , managed to get it right -- even in cases where getting it right looks wrong to most people , who have n't thought it through .
This is an important point .
The natural tendency with storytellers who are trying to create an alien culture is to come up with all kinds of new words to show how strange this culture really is -- but the author of the Book of Mormon did n't follow this almost universal pattern .
Instead , he did something so sophisticated that even those who do this sort of thing for a living still do n't usually get it right .
Of course , it can be argued that the hoaxer who was making up the Book of Mormon was so naive that it did n't occur to him that he was creating an alien society and so he did n't bother with new names .
But this is obviously not the case -- if he was that naive , he would n't have come up with an alien culture in the first place .
His Nephites and Lamanites would have been culturally white Americans or North American Indians , which they definitely are not .
Great Spirit .
Speaking of cowboys and Indians , why do n't we see much more of the 1820s view of American Indians ?
Where is the Happy Hunting Ground ?
Where is the teepee or wigwam ?
Where are the moccasins and deerskins , the canoes , the peace pipes ?
What are we doing with cities instead of villages ?
Why do n't we have any explanation of the great Indian mounds ?
In short , where is James Fenimore Cooper ?
The only time we get anything that sounds like the 1820s white - man view of North American Indians is when Lamoni and Ammon speak of a Great Spirit .
This may simply be the way Joseph Smith translated Lamoni 's word for God , thinking , of course , as he did , of North American Indian beliefs .
Thus it could be a matter of word choice .
But I 'm inclined to believe that it is a fair translation of the concept of God that Lamoni believed in ; certainly it is not inconsistent with Meso - American beliefs , where a Great Spirit that was the God above all gods seems to have been an available belief .
Transportation .
Nobody rides anywhere .
Think about it .
I do n't have to explain to you about airplanes when I say I flew here , but I would certainly say that I flew here .
People in Joseph Smith 's day rode everywhere they could -- either a horse or a wagon .
When they took a long journey on foot , they said so , because it was remarkable .
But no one in the Book of Mormon rides anywhere .
How did Joseph Smith know to keep his made - up Nephites and Lamanites on foot -- and how did he keep himself from ever pointing out the fact ?
Networks and relationships .
Today we use jobs and school for our networks of relationship .
In ancient Rome , it was patrons and clients .
In the Book of Mormon it was extended kinship groups .
We see clear traces of that in Amulek and in the way that the families of the prophets are treated over the years .
Lineage is the first relationship you assert .
Family is the first guide to a man 's worthiness to rule .
Again , this does n't match anything that Joseph Smith would be familiar with .
Family was important in 1820s America , but not as a guide to identity , not as the system of networking .
Instead people knew each other and related to each other through political parties or , sometimes , societies like the Masons .
Mostly , though , the fundamental connections were between employee and employer , when the person hiring was of higher status , or between client and professional , where the person being hired had the higher status ( as with doctors and lawyers ) .
So where are those trade relationships in the Book of Mormon ?
All of Joseph Smith 's youth was spent working for hire for one farmer or another .
But the one place in the Book of Mormon where one man goes to work for another as an employee is when Ammon goes to work for King Lamoni , and there is nothing in that relationship that remotely resembles the pattern of hiring for pay that Joseph Smith knew .
Lawyers are also paid , but we do n't see them hanging out their shingle and taking all comers .
And that 's it , as far as trade is concerned .
The pattern of relationships outside the family that Joseph Smith knew best simply is n't echoed in the Book of Mormon .
In Meso - America , of course , there was no such thing as hiring tradesmen .
Everybody did everything .
When it was time to work in the fields , all the people of the working class did field work .
When it was time to build public works , all the people of the working class built public works .
And in the meantime , the rulers supervised them and the priests did their rituals and carried out their studies and observations and wrote their records .
When people did specialize -- as in engraving on stone or creating artworks -- they did so only under royal order , and not as freelancers working for pay .
There was no such thing as a middle class , or even a free working class .
And this is the culture that best fits the pattern that we see in the Book of Mormon .
When the Lamanites come to rule over the people of King Limhi , he does not assign them to any new tasks , but rather takes an oppressive percentage of their crops .
Yet he still is able to set taskmasters over them , though he does nothing to reorganize their society .
Why ?
Because their pattern already was to work the fields together , so that they would pursue their normal labors .
The only difference was that instead of having their own rulers lead them in the fields , they had Lamanite rulers watching to make sure that they did n't slack off or steal .
The common people of any Book of Mormon city seem to be able to be assembled at any time .
When Alma wants to speak to the poor who are ruled by the Zoramites , he does n't have to go house to house , or find them in their various jobs .
They already work together ; he has only to ask for their attention and address them .
Yet Joseph Smith does nothing to point out how different Book of Mormon jobs and trades are from the ones he knew .
Why ?
Because he was translating a document that was written by somebody who did n't think to point out these patterns for the good reason that he did n't know there was another way to organize labor .
Again , the Book of Mormon acts like a genuine document from the culture it depicts , rather than a story written by someone making up a pseudo - alien culture .
Swooning .
Where did Joseph Smith get this business of people swooning to show great feeling ?
Especially men !
That was unthinkable in the 1820s .
A man fainting and then lying as if dead for several days ?
That does n't reflect any social patterns in Joseph Smith 's culture .
In fact , it 's embarrassing , right ?
We resist fainting , we do n't celebrate it .
And yet Meso - American culture is quite comfortable with people responding to emotional stress with a swoon -- especially a religious experience .
Kings and Sub - kings .
And what 's this bit about a king having a father -- alive -- who is also king ?
That makes perfect sense in Mayan culture , where a son of a king can be a king somewhere else .
There are sub - kings all over the place .
But the only system of kingship that Joseph Smith knew anything about was the European pattern , and in Europe if you have a son of a king who proclaims himself king , you end up with a civil war .
So how did Joseph Smith , if he was creating a hoax , dare to depart so radically from any pattern of kingship that anybody had ever heard of ?
And in doing so , how did he happen to get it dead right for Meso - American culture ?
* Writing Matters
Why do these elements escape the notice of most critics ?
Because the text does n't emphasize them in any way .
You only get them by implication .
There are , of course , those who argue that because they 're only found by implication , they 're not there at all , but I think that when you compare them with documents from other alien cultures , we can see that these cultural difference are definitely real .
All that 's missing is the stuff that should have been there if Joseph Smith made it up .
Authorial Interests .
The Book of Mormon never explain a lot of things that we wish it would .
No one ever tells us , for instance , what the people eat and drink .
We are told that the rich have fine clothing , but no one describes what they actually wear .
While the people seem to work collectively , we are never told exactly what their daily work is .
Why ?
None of that is relevant to the historian , or his purpose .
The Book of Mormon never loses track of the rhetorical purpose of the author -- but also changes the rhetorical purpose with each author .
Nephi and Jacob are not writing for the same reason as Mormon and Moroni , and therefore they include different kinds of information .
Nephi glides over battles without detail ; Mormon gives us detailed campaigns , but only when telling the story of a heroic captain who is a spiritual as well as a military example .
And it 's worth noting that the only captain whose battle strategies are given in detail is the very one that Mormon named his son after .
It is arguable that Gidgiddoni 's military achievements are at least equal to Moroni's -- but we get no details of his campaigns .
Thus the Book of Mormon not only reflects the rhetorical purposes of the writers , but also reflects their personal interests and concerns .
They should be and are different from each other .
Nobody else is as interested in military matters as Mormon , and nobody else writes about them .
And , in fact , it is worth pointing out that nowhere else in all of Joseph Smith 's writings do we get the slightest hint of his having an interest in military strategies or achievements .
Whoever wrote the Book of Alma cared a great deal about military matters -- but nothing in the rest of Joseph Smith 's writings gives us any sense that he cared much about this at all .
Even when he founded the Nauvoo Legion and dressed up in uniform , there is no evidence of his plotting military campaigns -- yet if he were the author of those accounts of Moroni's and Helaman 's campaigns , it is unthinkable that he would not have talked and thought about military matters , especially during those times in early Church history when such conversation and thought would have been appropriate .
There were others in the Church who reveled in military matters -- Samson Avard , for instance .
But Joseph Smith was not one of them .
To me , that says that he could not have been the author of the Book of Alma .
I have read too much not to know that writers repeatedly return to whatever fascinates them .
Just as Mormon brings up military matters again and again , though never with the same detail he brings to the campaigns of Moroni , we also find that Nephi and Moroni never bring up military matters with any detail at all .
They are not interested and Joseph Smith was not interested , but Mormon was interested and his writings reflect that .
Exposition .
When science fiction was just beginning , it was common for writers to stop the action in order to explain the cool new science or technology that they were introducing in the tale .
It was not until Robert Heinlein that science fiction writers began to weave their exposition more subtly into the action of the story .
The classic example is when , in telling of a character leaving a room , Heinlein wrote , " The door dilated . "
No explanation of the nifty technology behind dilating doors -- just a simple statement that seems to take the new technology for granted .
This was a great step forward , allowing science fiction writers to introduce a vast amount of novelty into a story without stopping the forward movement of the plot in order to explain it .
It required that readers adopt a new way of reading , however .
Now , instead of the writer immediately telling the reader everything that was strange in the world of the story , the reader has to hold his sense of reality in abeyance , waiting and watching for each new bit of information that allows him to build up a picture of how the society differs from here and now .
However , this more subtle kind of exposition is only practiced within the field of science fiction .
Whenever mainstream writers who are not familiar with science fiction venture into the field -- as with Margaret Atwood or Gore Vidal -- they have no clue how to handle exposition .
They go right back to stopping the action cold to explain things .
And this is exactly what we should have expected the writer of the Book of Mormon to do .
It 's worth pointing out , however , that handling exposition the way we science fiction writers do it is not correct , either , in documents that actually arise from the alien culture .
It 's easier and smoother to read , but it still points up the strangeness .
Heinlein wrote " the door dilated " specifically because he knew his readers would not expect it to dilate , and would recognize it as an item of future techology .
But someone in that culture , writing about someone leaving a room , would rarely bother to mention the door at all .
" He left " would do the job nicely , because there would be nothing unusual about the door to make it worth pointing it out .
And if the writer claimed to be writing a shortened or abridged story , he would hardly waste his time on unnecessary explanations of things that did n't seem unusual in any way .
So even the sophisticated method of science fiction exposition is not appropriate in the Book of Mormon , and in fact is not used .
The remarkable thing in the Book of Mormon is that only once in the whole book does the author stops cold to explain something .
Do you remember where that is ?
It has to do with the monetary system .
In the middle of the account of Zeezrom , the lawyer , the action suddenly stops cold .
Why ?
Because the value of money is surely something that would have changed across the 300 or 400 years between Zeezrom and Mormon .
That 's a cultural difference Mormon would recognize .
And , predictably , like any naive writer , he stops the action in order to explain the unfamiliar facts .
But notice how he does it .
There is no absolute reference .
Apparently one of those words or values in his list still meant something in the fourth century A.D.
He did n't think to tell us exactly what you could buy with a senon , and certainly not in any terms that would mean anything to an 1820s reader , because Mormon must have considered the value of some element in the monetary system to be obvious .
So even in the one place where we do get an " expository lump , " it 's handled exactly as a writer from the alien culture would have handled it , and utterly without reference to the 1820s .
Structure .
The organization of the books in the Book of Mormon is peculiar in the extreme .
Each of the books that Mormon wrote -- Mosiah , Alma , Helaman -- spends much of its time talking about someone other than the person the book was named for .
The Book of Mosiah starts with King Benjamin and then proceeds to tell us mostly about the prophet Alma .
Then the Book of Alma turns out not to be about Alma the elder , but rather about Alma the younger -- and even at that , the latter half of the book focuses on his son Helaman .
But the Book of Helaman is not about Helaman , the son of Alma .
Rather it starts out with Heleman 's son , Helaman Junior .
And partway through the Book of Helaman , we find that it is now about Helaman 's son Nephi .
But when we come to the Book of Third Nephi , it is not about that Nephi at all .
Rather it is about his son Nephi .
What an odd pattern , do n't you think ?
A book named for one man is as much about his son or successor .
And when a book seems to be named for that son or successor , it turns out actually to be named for the successor 's successor , who happens to have the same name .
This pattern holds true even with the book named for Mormon himself -- which was finished by his son , Moroni , who tells us later that he never expected to write a book that had his own name on it .
He would have been content to have written the last part of the book named for his father .
I have no idea what this means .
I simply point it out because it makes no sense in terms of Joseph Smith 's culture , and it is hard to fathom why an American in the 1820s , whose only scriptural model was the Old and New Testaments , would structure his own work of scripture this way .
The Book of Ruth is about Ruth .
The Book of Isaiah includes the writings of Isaiah , and not a single story about Jonah or Ezekiel .
The gospels are named for their authors , but Mark does n't pick up midway through the book of Matthew .
Why would Joseph Smith , if he was trying to create a hoax that would be accepted as scripture by 1820s Americans , not simply pick one of the patterns in the Bible and follow it ?
Why would he come up with such a bizzarre structure ?
And then why did he throw in the Jaredites ?
I 'm not even going to bother to explore the enormous complexity of Moroni 's abridgement of Ether 's abridgement of the Jaredite records .
Hugh Nibley has a book on it that 's better than anything that I could say .
Suffice it to say that if you read The World of the Jaredites , you 'll realize that the book of Ether is rich in a culture that is strikingly different from the rest of the Book of Mormon -- and from anything else that Joseph Smith would have any inkling of .
* A Life - Changing Book
If you attempted to produce something like the Book of Mormon today , using the best science fiction writers , fully aware of all that we know about the culture of Meso - America , fully aware of everything that we know about how you create a fake document , it would still be obvious , if not immediately , then within 15 or 20 years .
The cultural assumptions behind the book would reveal themselves , showing clearly exactly when the book was really written .
But the Book of Mormon has been around a lot longer than that , and believe me , folks , I really do understand a lot about how science fiction is made and I can't find anywhere that it 's done wrong .
Search all you like through that book .
I have , and I can't find a flaw .
Yet we should expect to find a consistent pattern of getting it wrong .
Not just one example , but thousands of examples within a book that long , but -- they are not there .
Now , does this mean that I 've proved the Book of Mormon true ?
Obviously not .
You can always still suppose that perhaps Joseph Smith or whoever wrote the Book of Mormon was the greatest and luckiest creator of phony documents from made - up alien cultures ever in history .
The Book of Mormon only matters because it's a life - changing book .
The truth , the important truth of the Book of Mormon is only understood with the Spirit through faith .
If you do n't believe in the book , it 's not going to change your life .
And I mean believe in it in a way far different from believing it's a genuine artifact .
You have to believe in it also as something meant for you as a guide to your life .
So , I have very little interest in attempting to prove the book .
I have n't proven it here .
The only real proof is when you prove it with your life , living the gospel it teaches and participating in the Church that was established with that book as the mortar holding it all together .
But I do think it is important for us to look at this book , not just as wisdom literature , but also as a genuine artifact from another time .
Those of us who already believe it must study this book as the product of a culture , as the product of the minds and hearts of the individual writers .
When we do that , we will much better understand what it 's for and what it means .
That 's part of what I 'm trying to do in my Homecoming books , examine the Book of Mormon , not as a scholar because I 'm not one , but as somebody whose business is making assumptions about the hearts and minds of individual human beings , and telling stories about them that try to be as honest as possible .
There are thousands of other ways to approach this book , of obtaining important , useful information from it , and I hope we 'll use those ways , because if we treat it , as many Mormons do , as nothing more than a source of proof texts , we are missing the point and cheating ourselves of most of the value of this great work of scripture .
Joseph Smith did n't write the Book of Mormon , though he did translate it , so that his voice is present when we read , including the flaws in his language and understanding .
Those who wrote the original were also fallible human beings who will reveal their culture and their assumptions just as surely as the writers of I Love Lucy did .
But unlike the writers of that TV show , the prophets wrote and translated under the direction of the Lord , out of love for us .
It 's well worth finding out who these men were , the culture from which they wrote , how it 's different from ours , and how it 's also very much the same .
Copyright © 1993 Orson Scott Card Published in A Storyteller in Zion , Essays and Speeches , by Orson Scott Card ( Bookcraft , 1993 )
Effective July 1 , 2012 the Student Council Server will no longer be hosting CIO websites .
Visitors looking to access CIO websites are now being directed to atUVA.net
If your browser does not redirect you to atUVA .
net within 15 seconds , click here .
Google News Credibility Foiled By 15 - Year Old
Sometimes the most well thought out practical jokes trigger an uneven brand of justice that falls under the laws of unintended consequences .
While not formally codified and ill defined , the law of unintended consequences is very real , as a Google - focused prank pulled by 15 - year old Tom Vandetta amply illustrates .
Reading through SEO focused blog entries , Vandetta found an article that explained how to fool Google ’s news system by writing fake press releases .
Sensing an opportunity to experiment and play a joke on his friends , the self - described “ Google fanboy ” decided to see what would happen if he submitted a fake Google press release claiming the 15 - year old New Jersey student was Google ’s youngest employee .
The press release was issued through the free service I - Newswire and contained a number of spelling mistakes .
Short and to the point , the release , which appeared to have been sent by a Google spokesperson Sonya Johnson ( who ’s actually existence is unconfirmed and is assumed to be imaginary ) , read :
“ ( I - Newswire ) – 15 year old student , Tom Vendetta has been hired by search engine giant Google Inc .
The student will receive a lowered salary , which will be placed into a bank account for future education , said Google CEO Larry Page .
When asked what role Vendetta will play at the Tech Giant ’s offices , Page said he wouldnt have a role at the Main Offices .
Instead he would work from his home in the New Jersey suburbs .
Vendetta will be incharge of working with recent security flaw ’s in Google ’s beta e-mail service , “ Gmail ” .
Google said they first found out about him when they discovered the student ’s blog , at http://tomvendetta.be.
The media giant said they looked forward to working with Vendetta ’s expertise in JavaScript and AJAX . ”
A few hours after posting the fake press release , Vandetta logged into the news search tool Digg after receiving an automated email from MAKEBot ( Digg ’s Spider ) , to find his practical joke had become a credible international tech story .
Google was even displaying reference to the press release in Google News and at in the news results placed above search results relating to Google employment or hiring .
According to his confessional blog posting , “ At that moment , I felt my stomach knot up and my heart drop .
I knew exactly what happened and knew that I would end up regretting posting that . ”
The prank has made Vandetta temporarily famous .
His Gmail account received almost 400 emails in the first few hours .
Vandetta has since had to open new Gmail and MySpace accounts .
His parents are changing their phone number and he is working to re-establish a workable online identity .
On the brighter side , he has received a few emails from Google employees assuring him he has not dashed his dreams of one day working for Google , as he thought he might have .
>> Check out StepForth ’s Recommended SEO Tools <<
While the prank was a juvenile as it was creative , Vandetta ’s fake press release has exposed a credibility problem for Google and might introduce new costs for search marketing firms that use legitimate press releases as a means of promotion .
His experiment exposed the fact the automated system that is Google News does not verify press releases before publishing them as factual news pieces .
Google engineers are almost certainly working overtime to institute stronger spam filters and shore up the credibility of the Google News system , as they have over the years when SEOs have exposed exploitable characteristics of the organic ranking algorithm .
SEOs who use press release submission services should expect to have to submit a lot more identifying information about themselves and their clients .
Requiring information such as phone numbers , addresses , contact names and positions that can be verified by electronic spiders are the most likely filtering options being discussed by Google ’s tech - team .
Another filter might be the disempowering or “ delisting ” of free - for - use press release services such as I - Newswire.com .
This measure would present a hindrance to smaller companies and SEO firms , most of which use press releases properly .
By raising the cost of communication , Google risks pushing many smaller entities away from an important arena .
SEOs are rarely happy to present extra costs to their clients , many of which are small businesses using search advertising to even the playing field against much larger competitors .
Whatever the outcome , Google has to move to close gaps in its News aggregation system quickly .
My sister asked me , as part of her wedding ceremony , to Say Something About Marriage .
I 've been married for over two years , so obviously I have way too much insight on this issue than could reasonably be fit into the middle of an otherwise fairly compact service , but with some effort , and some help from my wife Bethany , I got the list down to twelve potentially useful pieces of advice .
These probably are n't the most useful twelve pieces of advice , but I think they 're better than nothing .
As delivered at the wedding last weekend :
1 . Your world is getting bigger today , not smaller !
More history , more friends , more possibilities .
Marriage is not the end of the search , it 's the beginning of all the searches that are more fun to do together .
2 . Be the guardians of each other 's solitudes .
Not only do you need to give each other space , you need to make each other space .
3 . No difficult conversations after 10 pm .
Not only is it harder to solve problems when you 're tired , but at least half the time being tired is the problem .
4 . The Dutch principle of Total Soccer means that any player can attack when there is an opportunity , and any player can defend when there is a need .
In Total Marriage you only have two players , so this is even more important .
Both of you should be able to do everything your team needs .
You 'll have your preferences and strengths and habits , but if one of you goes down , the other one has to be able to cover .
5 . Wedding rings do n't really come with magic powers .
You will learn how to take care of each other one insight at a time .
And even when you 're not sure how , show up and you 'll think of something .
6. Headphones ; separate closets .
7 . If you are n't already the world 's leading experts on each other , you will be soon .
It is thus your responsibility to be not only the world 's biggest fans of each other 's best qualities , but also the world 's staunchest fans of each other 's weaknesses and flaws .
8 . Get pets .
By far the easiest way to remember that you have to feed your shared life together is if part of it comes and stomps on you every morning .
9 . No ultimatums .
Ever .
10 . Travel .
Surprise and challenge yourselves .
It 's easier to have a world together if you have a world to compare it to , and part of the fun of getting to know each other is putting yourselves , together , in positions where neither of you know what you 're going to do yourself .
11 . Committing yourselves to one another is one of the most mature , responsible , focused decisions you can make .
Balance it out by being immature , irresponsible and playful together as often as possible .
12 . When people , especially your relatives , offer you long lists of marriage advice , just smile politely and nod until they finally shut up .
number is not certain .
Number of dead is increasing .
Contributors ' Blogs
Blog Lists
- Lebanese Blogs - ( scroll & select ) Abdallah Tahan AD - Libanaises Adonis in Phoenicia Akhu Ikhtu Akkar Alaa Bashir Al Ajnabiyeh A Lebanese on the Run All Day I Dream About Photography All Seeing Eye All The Hydrogen In The World Ana min Beirut Ana min Beirut In Arabic AnawInti And Now What ?
Angels Page Anima Errare Another Blog on the Block Arabic Page of Sasmen arch.memory Armigatus Badran .
Uni.Cc Beirut Beirut Daily Photo Beirut & Lebanon in a Nutshell Beirut Lemons Beirut Update Beirut 001 Besaraha Lounge Bintbintjbeil Bisaraha Bits of Mon-real Blahbox Bleik's Bliss St. Blues Blogging the Middle East Blogistan Journal Blogostfen Bluleb Chadi Chamati Charbel Baini Chebelhelo Cliché Coco's NotSoPrivate Thoughts Code 31337 Coffee Break Cold Desert Compulsive Yearnings Conckreet Coup d'phil Coups de Coeur , Coups de Gueule Cyber Confessions Daily Scribbler Dear Theo Dialogus Dissecting Lebanon Distorted Reality Ecce Libanus Echoes Einmal Ist Keinmal Emilio Dib Errance Eve-ntually Fadibou Farid Rushdi : My Life Finkbine Ln Firas Wehbe Free Cedar Freedom FreeSpace Beirut French Alter Ego From Beirut with Love Ghada 's World Hadi Aram Bachir Harm_ony Haydarmazen Hookah / Arguily Smoking Hopeful Beirut Ikht hal Zaman ImaginaryArab Impressions ING ... Habibe Lebnen In Lebanon Inside La Guitarra In The Eye of The Beholder I Want To Go Home Jad's Blog Jeha 's Nail Jij Jimmy Jose Nehme's Personal Blog Joseph Nassar Just Talk Kadmous.org Kamoua National Park Kékètt - Histoires Courtes Kerblog Khawatir , Hanin w Yasmin Khawwta's Thoughts Kiwi Tree Design La La land Layal Leaflesseve Lebanese Lebanese Break - t - time Lebanese Cafe During the War Lebanese Code Lebanese Cowgirl Lebanese Etymology Lebanese Female Diary Lebanese NightS Lebanese Night Life Lebanese Political Humor Lebanon LebGeeks Le Batteur Noble Leila's Magazine Le Triangle Memoire Letters from Jupiter Letter from Mars LibanItaly Liban Libre Life.exe Lilabraun Lilzi : Not So Personal Living in Chaos Losing3it Love and Peace Ma che te lo dico a fare Majdoulin Maldoror 's Eyes Manamania Mariam 's World Memoires Me , Myself and My Lebanon Metaphysical Waiter Meza Teza Middle East Gay Journal Miracle Mon Liban , Ma Patrie Montreal by Montreal Moon Space Mouche Blue Moving to Perfection M Possible 's Blog My Beloved Lebanon My Hanging Soul My Small Raft and The Watershed My Surreal Identity My World Mysterious Eve Nad's Blog Nad's Weekly Nihil Declaro No Words Nostalgic Story Teller Of Dignity and Stubborn Folk On the Verge Opiniated OussamaBenLiquid Passing For Normal PeaceMiddleEast Phoenique Photo Lesson Playground of mine Po´ET`Ship Praying for Basil Pursuit of Boundless Understanding Pylune Thoughts Queer Arabs Blog Rampurple Ramzi's Blah Blah Rana's Randomness Raya etc... Rayan Alameddine Realm of R Reem in Lebanon Reflections From Farm Land Renato Obeid 's World Révolution Des Fourmis Rockin ' the Kasbah Rolly Rude Awakening Saad El - Hariri Sasmen School Days Scribbles Sechen 's Spot Seriously ..
Please Seth Dream Shehidah Shirin From Lebanon Shlon Shlonkom Bakazay ?
Short Stories Shrrr Soraia Social Butterfly 's Garden Spring For All Seasons Stop Destroying Lebanon Stories Long-Forgotten Stroobia Student 's Life Studying Medecine @ BAU Surrealism Day Sweet Scent of Beirut Sweet Mix of Love and Romanticism Tales from Beirut The Human Product The Lebanese The Lebanon Chronicle The Lebanese The Perpetual Refugee The Scene of the Crime Was a Goldfish Bowl The Show Is About Nothing The Sixth Sense The Stuff That Dreams Are Made Of The Suffragettes The Ramblings of Insomniacs Thinking Out Loud Think of That Thoughts Thoughts from Lebanon Time Went Out :::::: Umbilical Chord Dissection Urban Memories Urban Words Valley of the twenty - Something Guys Vassmoe Verbal Response Web Thoughts Welcome to My Delirium Welcome to My Lebanese Dream When Getting Lonely Witnessing ( Again ) Write Jazz Y.a.l.l.a Yasmina_A_Harissa Zazablog Ziad El - Ahmadie Zuma 2:48 AM
7aki Neswen
- Lebanese Political & News Blogs - ( scroll & select ) About Lebanon Across The Bay A Nata !
A View from a Bar Stool in Beirut Angry Arab A Window of Truth Bassem Mroue Beirut Beirutee - Thoughts Beirut Grafff Beirut , Heard from the TV Beirut Live Beirut Notes Beirut Spring Blacksmiths of Lebanon Bob 's Blog Chercheuse d'or Conscience Tranquille Crimzon Stripes Doreid Becheraoui Doubts and Convictions Dove 's Eye View Echo Lebanon FayLaSooF Says Feel Free to Express Yourself Friday - Lunch - Club From Beirut to the Beltway Funky Zarathustra Hamid Aouad Hamra Blues Blog Hayda Libnan - 14 Chbat Ibn Bint Jbeil In Frustration I Wait Independence 05 Independant Lebanese Insomnia Productions In Support of Lebanon Jamal 's Propaganda Site Justice for Lebanon La Niche A Vox Lebanese Abroad Lebanese Bloggers Lebanese Political Journal Lebanese Renaissance Lebanon & The World Lebanon Society Lebanonesque Lebanon First Lebanon for Lebanese Lebanon Israeli Crisis Lebanon Lime Lebanon Matters Lebanon Updates Lebanonway Le Phénix Dissident Les Niouses Letters Apart Libano ... una nazione ?
Libnan El Qawi Mideastwire My Journey Ms Levantine New Leb Blog Neo-Souverainistes Libanais One Lira One Free Lebanon Peace4leb Political Life in Lebanon Political Pigh Political Scribbler Pulse of Freedom 05 Remarkz Remembering Lebanon Roula Ahwach Samidoun Shameful Moments Siege of Lebanon Stand Up for Our Beloved Lebanon Stories ...
Till Democracy Prevails Streets of Beirut Tafiha's Thoughts The Inner Circle The Jews of Lebanon The Samir Kassir Blog The Thinking Lebanese Thoughts on Lebanon & Other Things Thy Lemma True Lebanese Ur- Shalim Vox 's Den Window in Lebanon : Le Retour Winds of Change in the Middle East ?
Wizard of Beirut Ya Ardee Ya Libnan 4ever Free Lebanon
- Friends in Lebanon - ( scroll & select ) Alexandria - Beirut Anecdotes from Banana Republic A Photojournalist 's Story A Year in Beirut Beirut Under Siege Bloggers with Lebanon Caveman Linguist Confessions of an American Traveler Egyptian in Support with Lebanon Enda Salama Ethan 's Journal From Lebanon Impart Art-Daily In Solidarity July 2006 War on Lebanon Karos Beirut Lebanese Struggle Lebanon Resistance Le Baghdad - Rafah - Beirut Lisa in Lebanon Loubnan ya Loubnan Mathissee Meiroun Middle East Journal My Many My's News & Views Otter 's Adventures in Lebanon Publius Pundit Relax In Beirut Sham in Ashrafiyeh Sietske in Beiroet Tales From Lebanon The Silver Planet Tulip Undeniable Existance of Soul World Student : Beirut Zizou from Djerba
Kindly provide us with a link to your Lebanese blog to ensure the approval of your request .
Thank you .
If you are a Lebanese Blogger , click below to join LebaneseBloggers :
( more to come , watch this space )
Previous Posts
Other Interest Blogs
Pictured L- R : kate Moss , Kirsten Dunst , Rachel Bilson , Sienna Miller , Mischa Barton , Hilary Duff , Mary - Kate Olsen , and Jessica Alba .
Many celebrities have been paying homage to the 80s era of fashion when tights and leggings ( minus the stirrups ) were the thing to wear with oversized off the shoulder tops .
Paired with pretty skirts , long tops , or just worn under skirts to keep the legs warm during the transeasonal months , they have been spotted on every other young starlet around the world .
For a less 80s look , slip on a pair of opaque black tights with a mod 60s and 70s style mini shift dress .
L -R : Delias Heart Footless Tights , BEBE Wide Fishnet Thigh Highs , Delias Bow Footless Tights , Polka Dot Short Footless Tights , Look From London Tiger Stripe Footless Tights , Flower Lace Footless
Tights .
Pick up a pair of tights now in every colour and pattern around to channel Kate , Kirsten , Rachel , Sienna , Mischa , Mary - Kate and co .
Read more about leggings at : Fad-ish â€ “ Leggings / Tights
As good place as any : While writing has been good to me , freelance work doing it has slowed down a bit this year .
Anyone who might have some side contract work for this famous writer / programmer , please feel encouraged to contact me .
Support your favorite
freelance writer
Gnosis Software Presents :
Document Revision Date : Wed 2006-09-25
Note :
In an overly subtle encoding of information , the textual links are typically to plain ASCII versions of documents , while the eye graphics are to an HTML formatted version .
I write a column on ( mostly introductory ) Python topics for IBM developerWorks , called Charming Python .
Column titles are below .
The copyright on these articles , incidentally , belongs either to a company called Tenco Media ( before May 2001 ) or one called Westtech Information Services ( thereafter ) , which are " publication brokerages . "
Let me know if you want to reprint anything , I 'll try to get it worked out .
These are " almost " Charming Python 's
These articles on the Twisted framework were not really part of Charming Python , but they fit best here
' What do Americans think about us ? " asked an old lady on the bus .
That was the question most often asked of me during my three - month stay in Iran last year .
Messages to the American people were also common .
" Tell the Americans that we 're not crazy , scary people , " she continued .
Her comment came after she and others had been dancing in the aisle ( with curtains drawn so the police would n't see ) while the rest of us – along with the driver – clapped as we raced down the highway .
So maybe they are crazy .
But in a good way .
Many Westerners are afraid to come to the Middle East nowadays , and understandably so .
But it 's at times like these when face - to - face contact is most crucial .
As I traveled alone through the Iranian countryside conducting anthropological research , I took note of local opinions about US - Iran relations .
I was heartened by what I heard .
While I 'd often visited Iran as a child , the current political situation in the region made me apprehensive about taking the trip .
Tensions were rising – as they still are today – over Iran 's pursuit of nuclear enrichment , and there were reports in the American media of possible military action against Iranian targets .
Beyond mere hospitality , authentic affection for America
However , I was soon put at ease .
After speaking with numerous Iranians from all walks of life – lower and upper class , religious and secular , Westernized and traditional , government - affiliated and civilian – I became convinced that this vilified member of the " Axis of Evil " is actually one of the most welcoming places for Americans to travel in the Middle East .
Indeed , all Iranians with whom I spoke shared a positive opinion of Ameri- cans .
Iranians do n't hate America .
On the contrary , many of them envy Americans to an unrealistic degree and think of the US as a paradise , a land where no problems exist .
One encounters this sentiment in even the most unexpected places .
For instance , when I ran into problems renewing my visa , an austere senior official at the immigration ministry offered to help .
" Because you 're American , I 'll do this for you , " he said .
This was not unusual .
Generally friendly to foreigners , Iranians were especially friendly to me once they discovered I was American .
It was as if they were trying to prove a point .
" Go home and tell the Americans we like them , " the official continued .
" You know , I have family in Chicago .
Can you help me go see them ? "
On the way out , a soldier in the lobby was excited to see my passport , handling it as one would a priceless object .
" How can I come study in America ? " he wanted to know .
Paralleling Iranians ' favorable opinions of Americans as a people , however , is their unified opposition to any US government intervention in their country .
This directly contradicts what Vice President Cheney and others believe – that if the US were to attack , the population would rise up to help the Americans fight the Iranian regime .
Judging from my experience , this could n't be further from the truth .
In fact , US intervention seems to be the only issue that will unite most Iranians with the Islamic regime .
We can blame the Bush administration 's poor grasp of daily realities in Iran on an almost three - decade - long freeze of contact between the American and Iranian governments .
As a result of this isolation , so - called experts who have never been to Iran ( or at least not since the Islamic Revolution of 1979 ) advise US government officials on the opinions of the Iranian populace .
The comment by one influential US scholar comparing Iran to a concentration camp in which people would rather be bombed than live another day under such conditions , is a glaring example of misinformation .
At a private party in a trendy suburb of Tehran , I sat down with a group of young professionals as they relaxed after a busy workweek .
Iran is not like a concentration camp , they assured me .
Yes , they 're repressed by government restrictions , but they find ways to get around them .
And the situation is certainly not to the point of rising up against the regime .
In fact , politics was the last thing on their minds – that is , until I brought up the possibility of US intervention .
" As much as I despise this regime , I love my country more , " said Reza , a 20 - something .
" If America were to attack Iran , I would be the first to lay down my life .
Ask anyone and you 'll hear the same . "
Moderates today , insurgents tomorrow ?
And indeed I did .
Whether they were the village teenagers in southern Iran who took me to eat chicken kabob and drink smuggled Turkish beer in the forest , or Hamid , the opium smuggler in Bam who moonlighted as a taxi driver , the reactions were the same :
Though unhappy with the Iranian regime , they would join forces with the mullahs to deter an outside attack .
Listening to them speak , I could n't help but think that these young moderates could well become the future insurgents in an expanded regional conflict .
This may be avoided if we actually listen to the voices coming out of Iran .
Iranians are overwhelmingly in favor of normalizing relations with the US , but oppose any intervention in their nation 's internal affairs .
Forces seem to be aligning in favor of direct dialogue between the two estranged governments .
Pragmatic voices are wresting control from both neoconservatives in the US and their fundamentalist counterparts in Iran .
Let 's hope they win out .
Opening up relations with Iran is not appeasement ; it 's necessary because it allows home - grown demo cratic forces to work on their own terms .
Counterintuitive as it may seem , overt US calls for regime change and direct support of dissidents and NGOs have a negative effect on Iranian civil society because they result in government crackdowns and increase popular anger aimed at the American government .
Build relations upon shared ideals
In the dispute over nuclear enrichment , the stakes are growing higher each day .
If Iraq is the beginning of the end for security and goodwill toward America , then an attack on Iran would be the nail in the coffin .
The tragic cost of American misjudgment regarding the Middle East was made painfully clear in Iraq , when US soldiers were greeted with roadside bombs instead of flowers .
Let 's not repeat that mistake .
We should take Iranian nationalism seriously when even Shirin Ebadi , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , vows , " We will defend our country to the last drop of our blood .
We will not let an alien soldier set foot on the land of Iran . "
We cannot afford to squander the vast majority of Iranian hearts and minds that we have already won .
We must instead convince the Iranian people – through displaying the courage to open dialogue with the ruling regime – that we are committed to furthering our shared ideals of universal life , liberty , and justice .
• Ali G. Scotten is a PhD student in anthropology at the University of Chicago and a former Fulbright scholar .
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
Top 10 Movies that went wrong
Published on 3/21/2006
The Conqueror ( 1956 ) : the movie that caused cancer A Howard Hughes - funded box - office disaster featuring John Wayne as Genghis Khan and the redheaded Susan Hayward as a Tatar princess .
The movie was filmed in Utah downwind from an atomic testing range in Nevada and is often blamed for the cancer deaths of many of the cast and crew , including both Hayward and Wayne .
It appears in Michael Sauter 's book The Worst Movies of All Time .
Hughes thought the movie was so bad that he bought up every copy ( which cost him about $ 12 million ) and he refused to distribute the film until 1974 , when Paramount reached a deal with him .
This would be the last film that Hughes would produce .
Inchon ( 1982 ) : an expensive inspiration from God A story says that one day , Sun Myung Moon ( Unification Church ) began crying and could not stop .
To raise his spirits he took a trip to the movie theatre and the crying stopped .
He saw this as a sign from God and resolved to make his own motion picture .
Moon remembered the UN forces landing at Inchon , and how the mastermind behind the landings , General Douglas MacArthur must have been inspired by God , so he invested his personal fortune on a movie about it .
To shoot the movie they chose British director Terence Young , a veteran of three James Bond films and the lead role of General Douglas MacArthur was given to Laurence Olivier , who may have appeared a great choice , but his scenes of divine inspiration proved laughable .
Olivier had read that MacArthur wore makeup , but Olivier exaggerated his own makeup and consequently looked like a man in drag .
Disasters that beset the production included : A typhoon that swept away a recreation of Inchon lighthouse , requiring it to be rebuilt at huge cost .
The beach landings at Inchon had to be redone after an assistant director accidentally sent the ships in the wrong direction .
Cost : $ 2 million .
The scene where General Douglas MacArthur greets the crowds in his limousine had to be shot three times .
The first time , there were not enough people in the crowd .
The second time , the shots did not match with the first version .
Finally , the producers hired a studio in Dublin especially for the scene .
Cost : $ 3 million .
A massive publicity campaign was launched but to no avail .
Aside from the atrocious reviews , audiences were afraid that the film was being used part of a drive by the Unification Church to recruit new members .
The New York Times said that Inchon " looks like the most expensive B - movie ever made . "
And it won the infamous Razzie Award as Worst Picture , Worst Screenplay , Worst Actor and Worst Director .
Inchon would end up costing $ 44 million and made less than $ 2 million at the box office .
Batman & Robin ( 1997 ) : or how Batman became gay The fourth installment of the Warner Bros. franchise that began with 1989's Batman and the lowest - grossing of the film series .
This film is often billed as the worst superhero movie of all time , even to the point that star George Clooney said he would refund people 's money if they stopped him on the street and said they had paid to see it .
In an interview with Barbara Walters , Clooney claims he played Batman gay .
The director Joel Schumacher also reputedly admits to not being proud of this film ( to the point where he flat - out apologizes for the film , according to his commentary on the 2005 Special Edition DVD set ) , despite earlier statements to the contrary .
Batman & Robin earned the nickname " Batman on Ice " for a scene in which the titular heroes both inexplicably have retractable skate blades hidden inside their boots .
The film was mocked for the poor script , over - extending the campy attitude of the previous installment Batman Forever , the poor casting of other " big- name " stars Uma Thurman and Arnold Schwarzenegger , and the addition of a poorly portrayed Batgirl , played by Alicia Silverstone .
Likely due to the film 's poor reception , no more Batman movies were made for nearly eight years .
Glitter ( 2001 ) : Mariah Carey 's vanity film A semi-autobiographical movie about Mariah Carey .
Critics universally panned it for seeming to be a vanity film intended only to enhance Carey 's singing career .
Carey had pushed for the project as early as 1997 , but it finally came out on 2001 .
The reviews " Glitter " received were devastating and the movie did very poorly in theaters .
In most countries it was n't even released .
In the USA it premiered only in 1,196 theaters and was the 11th highest - grossing movie over the weekend with $ 5 M .
One reviewer said " Only Mariah Carey could mess up a film about Mariah Carey . "
It was originally scheduled to open over Labor Day weekend , but the film was pushed back three weeks when Mariah checked into a hospital for emotional stress .
The accompanying soundtrack , Glitter , became Carey 's worst showing on the charts , and the lowest selling of her career to date .
The record label Virgin / EMI later ended their record deal with Carey , giving her a $ 28 million pay - off .
Although the film has been generally panned , it has made a cultural impact and reached infamous levels of notoriety .
New slang has been invented with a negative connotation of " pulling a Glitter " to indicate performing horribly .
Kolberg ( 1945 ) : That Nazi movie that came too late A 1945 Nazi propaganda film directed by Veit Harlan and Wolfgang Liebeneiner .
It opened on January 30 , 1945 simultaneously in Berlin and to the crew of the naval base at La Rochelle .
It was also screened in the Reich chancellery after the broadcast of Hitler 's last radio address on January 30 .
The film was intended to boost the morale of the Germans in the last phase of World War II .
It was based on the autobiography of Joachim Nettelbeck , the mayor of Kolberg .
It told the story of the 1807 successful defence of the fortress town of Kolberg against French troops .
Kolberg , begun in 1943 , was made in Agfacolor with high production values .
At a cost of more than eight million marks , it was the most expensive film of the Nazi era .
Thousands of soldiers were used in the film , some diverted from their stations at substantial cost .
To film scenes with snow during summer , 100 railway trucks brought salt to the set in Pommern .
The film was finally completed at the Babelsberg Studios at Potsdam while the town and nearby Berlin were being steadily bombed .
The film was opened in a provisional cinema in Berlin and ran under the constant threat of air raids until the fall of Berlin in May 1945 ; the film came far too late for the hoped - for propaganda effect .
Many theatres throughout Germany were already destroyed .
The film was rereleased in 1965 , with an attached documentary , and is now available on digitally remastered DVD .
Showgirls ( 1995 ) : Not even sexy enough A large amount of hype was put behind promoting the gratuitous sex and nudity in the film , but the results were critically derided .
The frequent and gratuitous nudity and simulated sex in the film , and the writing did not lend itself to what might have been an enthralling film .
It is widely considered to have ruined the career of Elizabeth Berkley , the movie 's lead , and the writer Joe Eszterhas has had difficulty living down the embarrassment as well .
The film 's star , Kyle MacLachlan , walked out of the movie 's premiere , during which he was allegedly heard exclaiming , " I thought this was an art movie . " .
Showgirls won seven of the thirteen Razzie Awards ( Bad Movies Awards ) it was nominated for .
Paul Verhoeven gamely appeared in person at the Razzies ceremony to accept his " award " for Worst Director .
Gigli ( 2003 ) : The end of Bennyfer Originally a very dark comedy with no romantic subplot , the producers demanded script rewrites throughout filming .
Some reviewers dubbed the film " The ultimate turkey of all time " , referring to Lopez 's character 's sex talk to Affleck 's character inviting him to commit an act of oral sex : " It 's turkey time . "
" What ? " " Gobble , gobble . "
The Times newspaper gave the movie the rating below their lowest possible score of 0 stars , the only movie to recieve this score .
This film is also said to have been a factor in the break - up of the engagement between its two stars .
Winner of 7 Razzies ( including 2005 's Worst " Comedy " of Our First 25 Years ) .
In addition Ben Affleck mocked the film on Saturday Night Live and The Tonight Show .
Battlefield Earth ( 2000 ) : a " Travolting " Scientologist movie Based on L. Ron Hubbard 's ( Scientology founder ) book of the same name , starring John Travolta .
Hugely hyped by the Church of Scientology , it had the third worst 3,000 - theater - plus opening weekend up to that time .
Several describe the pain experienced while watching it : more than one reviewer gave their review as simply " Travolting . "
The Washington Post offered a rather pointed critique , stating in part : " A million monkeys with a million crayons would be hard - pressed in a million years to create anything as cretinous as Battlefield Earth . "
The film won seven Golden Raspberry Awards , including Worst Picture .
In 2005 , an eighth Razzie ( for Worst " Drama " of Our First 25 Years ) was awarded to the film .
Waterworld ( 1995 ) : a sinked budget
It was co-produced by Kevin Costner and directed by Kevin Reynolds .
Problems encountered during filming massively escalated its budget , and it held the unfortunate distinction of being the most expensive film ever made ( at the time ) , causing some critics to dub the movie " Fishtar " and " Kevin 's Gate " ( references to the notorious flops Ishtar and Heaven 's Gate ) .
With a budget of $ 175 million , the film only grossed a meager $ 88 million at the U.S. box office , and was initially considered to be one of the biggest flops ever made .
However , despite this poor start , the film was more successful overseas , and ultimately recouped its budget .
Waterworld is a science fiction film in the post - apocalyptic genre .
It has frequently been called " Mad Max on Jet skis " .
Catwoman ( 2004 ) : can't even say Me-ouch !
Ostensibly based on the DC Comics character and starring Halle Berry in a film that resembles next to nothing of its source material .
Fans of the comic refused to call it by its given name , and instead dubbed it " CINO " ( Catwoman In Name Only ) .
It was declared " arguably the worst superhero film ever made " by the Orlando Sentinel .
The Florida Times - Union ( Jacksonville ) put it more bluntly : " Me-ouch ! "
Winner of four Razzies for Worst Picture , Worst Actress , Worst Director ( Pitof ) , and Worst Screenplay .
In a rare move , Berry accepted her Razzie in person , and in her acceptance speech she said , " First of all , I want to thank Warner Brothers .
Thank you for putting me in this piece of shit , God-awful movie ... "
Her statement was received with great applause and laughter .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
A comprehensive and sometimes surprising portrait of the handling of criminal cases in the United States against individuals identified as international terrorists during the five years after 9/11/01 has emerged from an analysis of hundreds of thousands Justice Department records by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse ( TRAC ) .
TRAC , a data research organization connected to Syracuse University , has been studying a wide range of federal agencies and programs for more than 15 years .
Among the key findings about the year - by - year enforcement trends in the period were the following :
In the twelve months immediately after 9/11 , the prosecution of individuals the government classified as international terrorists surged sharply higher than in the previous year .
But timely data show that five years later , in the latest available period , the total number of these prosecutions has returned to roughly what they were just before the attacks .
Given the widely accepted belief that the threat of terrorism in all parts of the world is much larger today than it was six or seven years ago , the extent of the recent decline in prosecutions is unexpected .
See Figure 1 and supporting table .
Federal prosecutors by law and custom are authorized to decline cases that are brought to them for prosecution by the investigative agencies .
And over the years the prosecutors have used this power to weed out matters that for one reason or another they felt should be dropped .
For international terrorism the declination rate has been high , especially in recent years .
In fact , timely data show that in the first eight months of FY 2006 the assistant U.S. Attorneys rejected slightly more than nine out of ten of the referrals .
Given the assumption that the investigation of international terrorism must be the single most important target area for the FBI and other agencies , the turn - down rate is hard to understand .
See Figure 2 and supporting table .
The typical sentences recently imposed on individuals considered to be international terrorists are not impressive .
For all those convicted as a result of cases initiated in the two years after 9//11 , for example , the median sentence -- half got more and half got less -- was 28 days .
For those referrals that came in more recently -- through May 31 , 2006 -- the median sentence was 20 days .
For cases started in the two year period before the 9/11 attack , the typical sentence was much longer , 41 months .
See Figure 3 . Recent Background
From what is now known , it appears that well - placed undercover agents and extensive electronic surveillance can largely be credited with the recent apprehension in England of scores of suspects who authorities say were planning to blow up as many as ten airliners on their way to the United States .
These same investigative tools also appear to have been important in uncovering evidence indicating that a Pakistani charity may have been diverting funds originally contributed for earthquake relief to finance the planned terrorism attacks on the jumbo jets .
In the United States , as well as England , details about investigations like these leading up to the filing of formal charges are usually not revealed , only occasionally becoming known during trial or as the result of later inquiries .
Essential though the use of secret agents and secret surveillance seems to have been in these related cases , the process now moves from what necessarily is one of the most hidden activities of any government to a much more public stage : the criminal prosecution , trial and sentencing of these suspects .
In the United States , partly because of this country 's far more expansive freedom of information laws , quite complete information is available about the actual prosecution of virtually all cases , including those related to terrorism .
About the Data
This report is based on timely month - by - month data obtained by TRAC from the Justice Department 's Executive Office for United States Attorneys under the Freedom of information Act .
The information comes from the offices of each United States attorney who are required under long - standing rules to keep track of their daily work product .
See more ...
This report , based on detailed data obtained by TRAC under the Freedom of Information Act from the Executive Office for United States Attorneys ( EOUSA ) , mostly focuses on the use of the nation 's criminal laws in the five years after 9/11/01 against over a thousand individuals who the government had categorized as international terrorists .
See sidebar " About the Data " .
Fully acknowledging that for a variety of evidentiary reasons terrorism cases are among the most difficult challenges faced by the government , the Justice Department data about the small and declining number of prosecutions and convictions and the resulting sentences for international terrorism raise a host of questions .
Among them are the following .
Despite the highly publicized incidents of actual and threatened terrorism , is it possible that the public understanding about the extent of this problem is in some ways inaccurate or exaggerated ?
How effective are the government 's expanding surveillance and intelligence efforts in identifying serious terrorists ?
Once the suspects have been identified , how good a job do the investigators do in obtaining evidence that will result in their conviction in court ?
The question of the basic competence of the Bush Administration in managing the overall response of the United States to terrorism has in recent months become a subject of debate for candidates of both parties .
And the effectiveness and fairness of criminal enforcement in this area necessarily is a significant part of the whole effort .
Several months ago , on June 22 , the Bush Administration itself weighed into the discussion directly when the Justice Department issued what it called a " Counterterrorism White Paper . "
See About the Data for a discussion of the content of the white paper .
The Big Picture
The impact of the events of 9/11/01 on the United States is hard to exaggerate .
Within months , for example , the largest single re-organization of the federal government in more than forty years was underway as the Bush Administration and Congress began shaping the Department of Homeland Security .
In the same period , the government and the airline industry agreed to a new program where federal agents would begin screening all passengers for weapons and certain kinds of explosives before they boarded their planes .
And under then - secret orders from President Bush , the administration initiated or expanded new surveillance programs by the National Security Agency and the Treasury Department .
Meanwhile , Congress began a long struggle to adopt a new body of law intended to profoundly alter the flow of legal and illegal migrants into the U.S.
That struggle continues today .
And around the world -- in London and Madrid and Indonesia and Moscow -- terrorists set off powerful explosive devices .
In addition to directly affecting all of the living and dying in these cities , the bombings have continued to dominate the evening news broadcasts and the morning papers and the minds of hundreds of millions of people on every continent .
Given the vast world - wide reach of the media , these developments and others have properly become an intricate part of an intense political debate in the United States and in many other countries about how best to deal with these terrifying attacks .
For the federal enforcement agencies , a very extensive effort was launched .
As has been previously noted , this report focuses almost entirely on people the Justice Department thought to be international terrorists .
But the government has developed a bookkeeping system to track a much broader range of activities concerning several other kinds of " terrorism " as well as what it calls " anti-terrorism . "
The official Justice Department definition of who is considered an anti-terrorist is elusive .
Covered by this term , according to the government manual , are those who have been targeted on the grounds that charging them with any crime might " prevent or disrupt potential or actual terrorists threats . "
See Justice Department Program Categories .
The counts of those tracked by the Justice Department do not include military detainees -- currently numbering more than 400 individuals -- who have been held in the U.S. facility in Guantanamo .
Since 9/11/01 the government has classified a very large number of individuals as either a " terrorists " or " anti-terrorists . "
The bulk of them , some 6,472 individuals , were referred during the two years following the 9/11 attack .
Now five years since the attack , final outcomes have been determined on three out of four of these cases .
See Figure 4 and supporting table .
For the total set of completions , federal prosecutors decided that nearly two out of three ( 64 % ) of them were not worth prosecuting .
In addition , for 9 % more of the completions , a prosecution was filed but the cases were subsequently dismissed or the individuals found not guilty .
Looked at from another perspective , slightly more than one out of four of the total ( 27 % ) were convicted .
Considered together , this means that five years after 9/11 , looking at the 6,472 individuals in the overall count who were initially referred under the terrorist or anti-terrorist programs , only about one in five have been convicted .
Details for the specific terrorism and anti-terrorism categories are shown in the adjacent table .
Despite the low success rate in obtaining convictions , the large absolute number of referrals coming from the agencies ( nearly 6,500 of them ) has resulted in a sizable number of convictions ( 1,329 ) .
For this group it is instructive to consider the penalties that were imposed : Only 14 ( one percent ) received a substantial sentence -- 20 years or more .
Only 67 ( 5 percent ) received sentences of five or more years .
Of the 1,329 who were sentenced , 704 received no prison time and an additional 327 received sentences ranging from one day to less than a year .
Thus , the median or typical prison sentence for them all was zero because the majority received no time at all in prison .
See Figure 4 and supporting table .
Zeroing in on International Terrorism Trends
Since shortly after 9/11/01 , according to the official Justice Department definition , an international terrorist is an individual suspected of having been involved in acts that are violent or otherwise dangerous to human life which appear motivated by an intent to coerce , intimidate or retaliate against a government or civilian populations .
The acts , including threats or conspiracies to engage them , also must be of an international nature and impact on the U.S.
As noted above , in the first eight months of FY 2006 , Justice Department EOUSA data show that federal prosecutors filed a variety of different criminal charges against 19 individuals who they had determined met this standard .
In the twelve months of the previous year , FY 2005 , the Department recorded 46 such prosecutions , only a fraction of the 355 it counted in the year immediately after the attacks .
For some kinds of crime , the number of prosecutions in a given area may be a better measure of official concern about a particular problem than the actual threat .
And given the deep public concerns immediately after the attacks , the very large number of international terrorism prosecutions in FY 2002 is hardly surprising .
Considering the numerous warning statements from President Bush and other federal officials about the continuing nature of the terrorism threat , however , the gradual decline in these cases since the FY 2002 high point and the high rate at which prosecutors are declining to prosecute terrorism cases raises questions .
See earlier table .
The Overall Portrait Examining the year - by - year changes in government actions provides valuable insights .
However , convictions in any one year may reflect investigations that originated at varying points in years past .
To examine the impact of 9/11 , a useful approach is to collect information about all of the referrals that originated during a set time period , and then follow these cases and examine the resulting outcomes .
In this case , TRAC created what is called a " cohort " of all the referrals the Justice Department categorized as international terrorism which originated in the two years following 9/11 and traced what ultimately happened to them through the end of May 2006 ( the latest available data ) .
The findings from TRAC 's second analysis of this cohort , now followed for almost five years , are as puzzling as those emerging from the year - by - year trends .
Among them are the following : Federal investigative agencies for the whole period referred -- recommended the prosecution -- of 1,391 individuals who the Justice Department classified as international terrorists .
As a result , prosecutions were filed against 335 of these individuals , about one quarter of the total .
For the whole five - year period , the assistant U.S. Attorneys also declined to prosecute 748 of the international terrorist referrals -- or two out of three during this five year follow - up period .
When making a decision to decline , the prosecutors are required to explain why .
For more than one third of the declinations , 39 % of them , the assistant U.S. Attorneys said their negative decisions were caused by a lack of evidence of criminal intent , weak or insufficient evidence or because no federal offense was evident .
Also baffling was the finding that an additional 24 % of the referrals were declined as a result of either an agency 's request or because of " office policy . "
See adjacent table .
As a result of these various decisions , the government reports that 213 individuals were convicted ( by trial or plea ) and 123 -- less than one out of ten of the original referrals -- were sentenced to prison .
After conviction , of course , the judges settle on the actual sentences that will be imposed .
In the case of this small number of international terrorists , the sentence was one day or less than a year for 91 , one year to five years for 18 , five years to 20 years for eight and 20 years to life for six .
Ninety received no prison sentence .
( As noted above , the median or typical sentence for these 213 individuals -- half got more and half got less -- was 28 days . )
Lead Charge in International Terrorism Cases
Thus far in this part of the report we have been focusing on the 1,391 individuals who the assistant U.S. Attorneys in the Justice Department had classified as " international terrorists " who were referred for prosecution .
Under the department 's record keeping procedures , however , a person classified as a terrorist does not have to be charged with crimes that on their face seem to involve " terrorism . "
Instead , the suspect can be indicted under a wide range of different laws .
And in fact , in this case , the department lists about 80 specific crimes that it said were the " lead charge " for these 1,391 accused terrorists .
See table .
For five of the " international terrorists , " for example , the lead charge was 42 USC 0408 , a violation of the federal old age , survivors and disability insurance law .
And the lead charge for another " international terrorist " was 26 USC 7203 , the willful failure to file a return .
Some of the lead charges seem more fitting , but are surprising in their rarity .
For only one individual judged to be an international terrorist , for example , was the lead charge 18 USC 2381 ( treason ) .
And for only two others who were so categorized during the whole five year period was the lead charge 18 USC 0871 ( threat against a president and successors ) .
Here , at the other end of the scale , are the top five lead charges for international terrorism referrals during the post -9/11 years : 18 USC 1001 ( fraud / false statements -- 14.5 % ) , 18 USC 2332 ( terrorism , criminal penalties -- 14.4 % ) , 18 USC 2339 ( providing material support to terrorists -- 11.6 % ) , 18 USC 0371 ( conspiracy to commit offense or to defraud US -- 4.7 % ) , 18 USC 3144 ( release or detention of a material witness -- 3.3 % ) .
In addition , lead charge information is unknown for 17.7 % of cases .
The list of recorded lead charge for referrals that resulted in the defendant being convicted of some crime is shorter , but still contains a range of charges .
See convictions .
Heading the list was 18 USC 1001 ( fraud / false statements ) , representing over half of all convictions -- 56.8 % .
The rest of the top 4 charges against convicted terrorists were 18 USC 1028 ( fraud and related activity - ID documents -- 5.6 % ) , 18 USC 1546 ( fraud and misuse of visas , permits -- 4.7 % ) 18 USC 2339 ( providing material support for terrorists -- 3.8 % ) and 18 USC 3144 ( release or detention of material witness -- 3.3 % ) .
Two - thirds of all convictions for terrorism involved a fraud or fraud - related lead charge .
Agency Workload
For each referral , the Justice Department also records the agency that played the lead role in the investigation that led to it .
It is not surprising that considerably more than half of the 1,391 referrals for international terrorism -- 913 , or nearly two - thirds of them -- were credited to the FBI .
See Figure 6 and supporting table .
With 161 referrals , the former Immigration and Naturalization Service and later the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) -- now Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) along with Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) immigration enforcement arms -- was second .
Somewhat surprisingly under the umbrella of combating international terrorists , the Social Security Administration , with 84 referrals , was third .
And the 70 referrals by former Customs Service now largely CBP was the fourth most active .
Fifth -- with 24 referrals -- was the Transportation Security Administration , now in DHS but formerly part of the Transportation Department .
But in addition to the workload , agency - by - agency outcomes for the five year period also can be examined .
While the FBI led the federal government in the volume of referrals for criminal prosecution for international terrorists , federal prosecutors declined as not warranting filing charges a much higher proportion of its referrals for prosecution than referrals from most other agencies .
Prosecutors filed charges on only 18 percent of FBI referrals and declined to prosecute 82 percent .
More of the cases dropped by the wayside at the court stage .
This means that less than one out of ten FBI cases disposed of during the five year period resulted in the defendant being convicted for any crime .
The median sentence of convictions in FBI cases , although slightly higher than the overall median , was still only 6 months .
See table with median prison sentences .
In contrast , it was the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) which racked up the highest success rate in terms of the proportion federal prosecutors decided to proceed and prosecute in court ( 92 % prosecuted versus 8 % declined ) , and slightly over three out of four ( 76 % ) of cases that had reached completion resulted in a conviction .
Presumably , the comparatively better record of the SSA was partly related to the fact that its cases were less complex .
For the 50 SSA convictions , the median sentence was one month .
The other three agencies -- all now part of the Department of Homeland Security -- had much less success than did the Social Security Administration when judged by either prosecution or conviction rates .
Moreover , for convictions from all three DHS agencies , the median sentence was no prison time at all .
This means that in over fifty percent of DHS 's convictions , the sentences were not even a single day in prison .
Details for other agencies are also shown in the accompanying table .
International Terrorism Cases by Federal Judicial District
The separate offices of the United States Attorneys are vital players in the criminal enforcement of federal law .
As noted above , the work of federal enforcement as a whole or within these offices can be examined in several ways .
One approach is to identify all the referrals that occurred in a specific period of time and then follow the cases in the ensuing years .
In this case , for example , the EOUSA data allowed the identification of every international terrorism referral recorded in each of the districts in the two years after 9/11 and the subsequent tracking of them to determine what action , if any , had been taken in regard to each as of May 2006 .
The first part of this section examines international terrorism cases in this way and focuses only on the matters that were referred to the prosecutors from September 2001 to September 2003 .
The second section , just below , presents district - by - district counts for the full five years since 9/11 regardless of when the referral took place .
This second comparison , for example , includes referrals received before 9/11/2001 but acted upon after 9/11 .
When it comes to the two - year period , the top ten busiest districts are shown in Figure 7 , while all districts with any activity are shown in the accompanying table .
However , one district -- Eastern Virginia ( Alexandria ) -- was by a huge margin the government 's favorite venue .
In this district , located just south of the District of Columbia , the Justice Department recorded receiving somewhat more than a quarter of all referrals -- 297 out of the 1,322 total -- that were finally classified as international terrorism .
The District of Columbia and the Southern District of New York ( Manhattan ) were the next two busiest districts -- in terms of the number of criminal referrals -- with 82 and 80 respectively .
South Carolina and the Western District of New York ( Buffalo ) had , respectively , 65 and 63 criminal international terrorist referrals .
Many questions are raised by this distribution .
The Sixth Amendment of the Constitution , for example , says that :
In all criminal prosecutions , the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial , by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed , which district shall have been previously ascertained by law , and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against him ; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor , and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence .
Critics note that the heavy concentration of international terrorism referrals in Virginia East strains the principle that defendants should be brought to trial in the district and state where their crime occurred .
They also argue that prosecutors favor bringing cases here because the juries in the area near the Pentagon naturally have a large proportion of active and retired military personnel and its circuit court of appeals is among the most conservation in the United States .
District by District Performance
The data show that Virginia East did prosecute as well as convict a much higher proportion of its criminal international terrorism referrals than was true for most other parts of the country .
While nationally 31 % of criminal referrals were prosecuted , in Virginia East charges were filed in court on 66 % .
Similarly , nationally only one in five defendants were ultimately convicted , whereas nearly half ( 45 % ) resulted in guilty pleas or verdicts in Virginia East .
See district - by - district performance along with convictions by district in earlier Figure 7 .
In contrast , the District of Columbia and the Southern District of New York ( Manhattan ) -- ranked second and third in terms of the volume of referrals -- turned in disappointing outcomes .
D.C. had not a single conviction , and in seven out of eight of the referrals the prosecutor declined to prosecute at all .
Prosecutors in Manhattan declined to prosecute 83 % of the time , and less than 5 percent were ultimately convicted of any crime .
And of the 3 that were convicted , two received no prison time .
However , even in the much higher volume ( 107 ) convictions in Virginia East , the median prison sentence -- half got less , half more -- was only 1 month .
District by District Activity
For the full five - year period a somewhat different picture emerges .
Because of new government withholding , it is no longer possible to obtain information on referrals since September 2003 .
Thus , it is not possible to examine district - by - district performance in the same way as was done earlier .
Prosecution , declination , and conviction counts can be examined .
In terms of these indicators of activity levels , because of the wider scope of coverage which extends to cases that began before 9/11 , counts are somewhat higher .
However , the same districts that were active before are active in this more encompassing list .
And as before , the Eastern District of Virginia far and away leads the country .
See district - by - district activity table .
Further details on each case can be obtained using TRAC 's online query service at
| TRAC Spotlight | Earlier TRAC Terrorism Reports :
| December 2001 | December 2003 |
Lebanons Premature Liberalism
“ This is not Norway here , and it is not Denmark . ” -- Lebanese Christian militia leader Bashir Gemayel .
Last month I made a terrible mistake .
A reader from Lake Oswego -- a suburb of my city of Portland -- emailed and asked if he thought he should take his wife and children to Lebanon on their next vacation .
I said sure .
Just stay out of the Hezbollah areas along the border with Israel and in the suburbs south of Beirut .
And make sure your kids understand that Lebanese drivers are considerably more reckless than drivers in Oregon , that they should be more careful than usual when crossing the street .
Needless to say , this was absolutely awful advice .
My friend Sean LaFreniere - who drove with me to Northern Iraq on a whim -- was scheduled to be with me in Beirut right now .
( I am at home and he is now blogging from Tunisia and Turkey . )
He was slightly nervous , but I told him he did not need to worry .
Lebanon could become a dangerous country again .
There are warning signs to watch out for , I said , and I told him what they were .
At the time ( and this was only a few weeks ago ) those warning signs were not yet flashing red .
Who would have thought war could engulf the whole country , and not just the border , in one day with no warning ?
I kept my eye on the country , even so , because potential medium - term trouble was quietly brewing .
Many Lebanese Christians , Sunnis , and Druze were getting so impatient with the impasse over Hezbollah ’s weapons they threatened to reconstitute their own armed militias that were disbanded after the war .
Peaceful and diplomatic negotiation over Hezbollah ’s role in a sovereign rather than schismatic Lebanon was not going to last very much longer .
Once the rest of Lebanon armed itself against Hezbollah , a balance of terror would reign that could explode into war without any warning .
That was the danger .
That was the nightmare .
That ’s why Hezbollah had not been disarmed .
Syria ’s Bashar Assad threatened to make Lebanon burn if his occupation troops were forced out of the country .
Most Lebanese think that ’s what last year ’s car bombs were about .
After former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , a Sunni Muslim , was assassinated downtown , all the car bomb victims were Christian .
All the random car bombs exploded in Christian neighborhoods .
The idea - or so the Lebanese thought - was to whip up sectarian hatred , to get Christian militias to rearm and retaliate , and to re-ignite the Lebanese war .
Assad yearned to burn Lebanon , and he was not shy about saying so .
Syria , or so he hoped , might be invited back in to stop the chaos with the soldier ’s peace of the Baath .
That plan did n’t work .
Hardly anyone wanted a return to civil war .
No Christian vigilantes retaliated against Muslims ( Sunni or Shia ) because they knew it was a trap set by the Baath .
That , most likely , is why the siege of the car bombs came to an end .
Sectarian tensions and hatreds run deep in Lebanon , even so , far deeper than those of us in the West can begin to relate to .
32 years ago Beirut was the Paris of the Middle East .
But 15 years ago Lebanon was the Somalia of the Middle East .
It made the current troubles in Iraq look like a polite debate in a Canadian coffeeshop by comparison .
There is no ethnic - religious majority in that country , and every major sect has been , at one time or another , a victim of all the others .
I spent a total of seven months in Lebanon recently , and I never could quite figure out what prevented the country from flying apart into pieces .
It barely held together like unstable chemicals in a nitro glycerin vat .
The slightest ripple sent Lebanese scattering from the streets and into their homes .
They were far more twitchy than I , in part ( I think ) because they understood better than I just how precarious their civilized anarchy was .
Their country needed several more years of careful nurturing during peace time to fully recover from its status as a carved up failed state .
By bombing all of Lebanon rather than merely the concentrated Hezbollah strongholds , Israel is putting extraordinary pressure on Lebanese society at points of extreme vulnerability .
The delicate post - war democratic culture has been brutally replaced , overnight , with a culture of rage and terror and war .
Lebanon is n't Gaza , but nor is it Denmark .
Lebanese are temporarily more united than ever .
No one is running off to join Hezbollah , but tensions are being smoothed over for now while everyone feels they are under attack by the same enemy .
Most Lebanese who had warm feelings for Israel -- and there were more of these than you can possibly imagine -- no longer do .
This will not last .
My sources and friends in Beirut tell me most Lebanese are going easy on Hezbollah as much as they can while the bombs are still falling .
But a terrible reckoning awaits them once this is over .
Some Lebanese can’t wait even that long .
Here a Christian mob smashes a car in Beirut for displaying a Hezbollah logo .
My friend Carine says the atomosphere reeks of impending sectarian conflict like never before .
Another Lebanese blogger quotes a radical Christian war criminal from the bad old days who says the civil war will resume a month after Israel cools its guns : " Christians , Sunnis and Druze will fight the ' fucker Shia ' , with arms from the US and France . "
Israeli partisans may think this is terrific .
The Lebanese may take care of Hezbollah at last !
But democratic Lebanon cannot win a war against Hezbollah , not even after Hezbollah is weakened by IAF raids .
Hezbollah is the most effective Arab fighting force in the world , and the Lebanese army is the weakest and most divided .
The Israelis beat three Arab armies in six days in 1967 , but a decade was not enough for the IDF to take down Hezbollah .
The majority of Lebanon ’s people were wise and civilized enough to take the gun out of politics after the fifteen year war .
Lebanon was the only Arab country to do this , the only Arab country that preferred dialogue , elections , compromise , and debate to the rule of the boot and the rifle .
But Hezbollah remained outside that mainstream consensus and did everything it could , with backing from the Syrian Baath and the Iranian Jihad , to strangle Lebanon ’s democracy in its cradle .
Disarming Hezbollah through persuasion and consensus was not possible in the first year of Lebanon ’s independence .
Disarming Hezbollah by force was n’t possible either .
The Lebanese people have been called irresponsible and cowardly by some of their friends in America for refusing to resume the civil war .
Unlike Hezbollah , though , most Lebanese know better than to start unwinnable wars .
This is wisdom , not cowardice , and it 's sadly rare in the Arab world now .
They are being punished entirely too much for what they have done and for what they can't do .
Israel and Lebanon ( especially Lebanon ) will continue to burn as long as Hezbollah exists as a terror miltia freed from the leash of the state .
The punishment for taking on Hezbollah is war .
The punishment for not taking on Hezbollah is war .
Lebanese were doomed to suffer war no matter what .
Their liberal democratic project could not withstand the threat from within and the assaults from the east , and it could not stave off another assault from the south .
War , as it turned out , was inevitable even if the actual shape of it was n’t .
Peace was not in the cards for Lebanon .
Its democracy turned out to be neither a strength nor a weakness .
It was irrelevant .
Holding up as a democracy in a dictatorial region is n’t easy .
Chalk this up as yet another thing Israel and Lebanon have in common with each other that they do n’t have in common with anyone else in the Middle East -- except , perhaps , for the Kurds in Northern Iraq .
Unlike Israeli democracy , though , Lebanese democracy may not have the strength to keep breathing .
Already some right - wing American " realists " are suggesting Syria return its forces to Lebanon .
( Bashar Assad may be as much a foreign policy genius as his late father . )
The March 14 Movement , the Cedar Revolution , may be too weak to survive until the region as a whole is transformed .
If the Lebanese , the Americans , and the Israelis are not wise in the coming days , weeks , and months it could die the same death as the Prague Spring in the late 1960s , crushed under the treads of Soviet tanks and smothered until the day the world around it had changed .
When Israel and Hezbollah reach a ceasefire at last , round two of this conflict will commence in short order .
No one knows if the Lebanese will be able to keep the gun out of politics after all that has happened .
A tiny minority of Lebanese ( with help from the remaining Syrian agents ) can burn the country to the ground all over again .
“ What will become of us ? ” is the question on everyone ’s mind .
No one can know what will happen after Israel lifts its siege and the temporary national unity flies apart into pieces .
And it will fly apart into pieces .
The only question is how far the pieces will fly and how hard they 'll land .
During all seven months I spent in Lebanon the overwhelming majority feared an imminent return to civil war .
I always told them they were too pessimistic even while I wondered if I was too naïve .
Perhaps I ’ve absorbed too much of that Lebanese fatalism by spending so much of my time among them .
And perhaps my naivete has finally been washed away .
I really do n't know .
It ’s an old question that I do n’t know how to answer .
Either way , the odds are quite a lot grimmer than they recently were .
Lebanon could , indeed , become a free fire zone even if most Lebanese do everything they can to make it not so .
Just a few thousand Hezbollah fighters set two countries on fire all by themselves .
Do n’t discount what bloody mayhem and hell a few thousand armed Druze , Christians , and Sunni can do if they decide to go hunting Shia in revenge for destroying their country .
Do n't forget , also , that Lebanon is now surging with tens of thousands of furious , displaced , homeless , unemployed , and undisciplined young Shia men enthralled with Iranian - style jihad .
Insha Allah , Lebanon might be okay .
Perhaps the status quo ante will return , only with a weaker and even more marginalized Hezbollah seething in its corner and thrown off the border .
There may be scattered acts of sectarian violence that threaten to ignite into war and never quite do .
Kidnappings could come back in style .
Al Qaeda may finally have its turn at the Israeli border if their Hezbollah enemy is no longer there to keep them away .
I do not know .
The Lebanese themselves do not know .
But one thing I do know is that after the first war ends there really could be another .
Do n’t take your kids .
Stay out until further notice .
Post - script : I was planning a trip to Iran in the near future , but of course I did not see this coming .
Iran will have to wait .
I ’m returning to Lebanon as soon as the airport re-opens .
Please hit the Pay Pal button and help me buy airfare .
If you would like to donate money for travel expenses and you do n't want to use Pay Pal , you can send a check or money order to :
Michael Totten
P.O. Box 312
Portland , OR 97207-0312
Many thanks in advance .
Posted by Michael J. Totten at July 26 , 2006 08:03 PM
PR
まず，結論から言おう。 「 エンジニアがOSのソース・コードを読めるようになると，活躍の場が一気に広がる」。そして，「コツさえ分かれば，OSのソース・コードはびっくりするほど簡単に読める」。
ここでい うOSとは，Linuxのカーネル（OS の “ 核 ” となるソフト）のことである。筆者が上の2点を強く感じたのは，つい最近の，ある人物とのやり取りがきっかけだった。
「 カーネルのソースが読めると，たいそう儲かるってことが，分かってしもうたから」。「もうすぐ大学の仕事は定年や，でも定年後の収入の方が多いんとちゃうかな」---。
筆者の耳に，迫力ある関西弁が突き刺さった。声の主は1949年生まれの57歳。神戸情報大学院大学助教授の赤松徹氏その人である。
打ち合わせを兼ねた取材の後の会話だったので，メモは取っていない。赤松氏がはっきりとこの通りに発言したかどうかは覚えていないが，筆者の脳裏には，そのような発言として記憶されている。
普通の取材なら， 「なるほどね」と納得するところである。しかしこのときは少し違った。「さぞかし気持ちいいだろうな」と，少しうらやましくさえ感じたのである。
ご存知の通り，オープンソース・ソフトウエアであるLinuxは，そのソース・コードが公開されている。誰でも“ ただ ” で，このサイトなどから簡単に入手できる。
ソースが公開されていると聞くと，プログラマではない筆者などは，国内でも数多くのLinuxプログラマがソースを読んでいて，どこでどういう処理をしているか，ちょっとしたプロならみんな知っているのだろうな，と思ってしまう。
しかし，赤松氏によると ，Linuxにかなり詳しい技術者でも，ソースを深く読んでいる人は「ほとんどおらへん」という。ソースの一部なら読む人は多いようだが，全体像を把握できるまで詳細に読みこなしている人は，ほとんどいないらしい。
赤松氏は業界に顔が広く，多くのLinux関係者と話す機会があるが，なかなかソースの中身にまで議論が及ぶことは滅多にないという。むしろ，「カーネルの内部を熟知している先生の知識を生かして･･･してほしい」とか，「こういうソフトを作ってほしい」といった依頼話が多い。現在は，大学で生徒にソフトウエア開発技法や情報ネットワーク技術を教えるという立場もあることから，こうした依頼話の多くは断っているという。しかし，大学の籍が外れたら断る必要はない。「定年後にはバラ色の生活が待っとる」とまで言わんするその57歳の目が，筆者には20代くらいの若者に見えた。
赤松氏が 「ソースを読んでいる人がほとんどいない」と感じる理由はもう1つある。それは，誰もがよく使うソフトでさえバグが大量にある，ということだ。少しでもソースをのぞけば，誰にでもすぐに見つけられるほど簡単なバグなのに，ネットにも情報が上がらず放置されているという。例えば，赤松氏が見つけたバグの具体例を一つだけお見せしよう。
ネットワーク関連のコマンドの1つに「 traceroute」がある。Linuxのコマンド・プロンプトで，「traceroute 宛先のIPアドレス」と打てば，そこに至るまでに経由するルーターのIPアドレスのリストを表示する。これは，厳密にはカーネルのプログラムではないが，通常はカーネルに一緒に添付されている基本的なユーティリティ・プログラムである。Linuxカーネルのバージョン2.6では，IPv6関連のユーティリティが組み込まれており，以下は，その中のtraeroute6コマンドのソース・ファイル「traceroute6.c」の中の705行目から711行目および，718行目から721行目の記述である（2006年2月時点）。
705 static char * ttab2 [ ] = { 706 " Echo Reply " , 707 " Echo Request " , 708 " Membership Query " , 709 " Membership Report " , 710 " Membership Reduction " , 711 } ; 718 if ( t >= 128 && t <= 132 ) 719 { 720 return ( ttab2[t ] ) ; 721 }
tracerouteは ，「 ICMP 」と呼ぶ，エラー情報などの制御情報をメッセージとして通知するプロトコルを用いる仕組みになっている。ICMPは，メッセージの種類に応じて，異なる「タイプ番号」を割り当てており，メッセージの文字列とタイプ番号の対応を定義したのが705-711行目の記述，その文字列を取り出す処理を記述したのが718-721行目である。
実は，ここだけで2カ所もバグがある。1つは706行と707行のメッセージが逆であるということ。これは大した誤りではないが，問題は720行目。詳しい説明は省くが，これは配列ttab2の中のt番目のエントリを返すという意味で，tの値が128のときに，ttab2[0]，つまり" Echo Reply " を返そうとしているコードだ。が，しかし，ttab2[t-128]とすべきところをttab2[t]とする，極めて初歩的なミスを犯している。配列の範囲を超えて書き込むため，極めて危険なバグである。
こうしたバグはカーネルのいたるところに存在するため，少し読めばすぐに発見できるそうだ。だが実際にはほとんどは放置されているという。「え，こんなに分かりやすいバグも放置されてるんですか？」。「そう，それだけソースを読む人が少ない，ってことなんや」。
ソースが分かれば危険性も発見できる
赤松氏によると，カーネルの中核部分やネットワーク処理部分などは，ほぼすべてのソースが頭に入っている。だから，ちょっとしたエラーが起きても，「あ，それは，どこどこの何行目のところでひっかかっとるな」というように，すぐさま頭の中にエラー処理の原因が浮かぶという。
自分が作ったプログラムではなく，カーネルの処理で，である。筆者も10年以上前に少しだけプログラマだったことがあるが，エラーが起こったときにソースの位置が分かるというのは，せいぜい自分が作ったプログラムだけである。たとえ，OS側の原因で異常終了しても，よく分からず，ただリセットするだけだ。カーネルを読めば，エラーの原因をすぐに突き止められるだけではなく，前述の通りバグを見つけられるので危険な処理を未然に防止することができる。
このことから，ソースを知っていることは，SEや組み込み系の技術者にとって大きな武器になる，ということがお分かりいただけるだろう。現時点では，詳細にソースを読んでいる人はほとんどいないので，今から読み始めても決して遅くはないのである。
とはいうものの，実際にソースを読むのは大変な作業である。カーネルのソースのほんの一部だけなら筆者でも読むことができる。だが，まさに「木を見て森を見ず」の状態で，そこだけ見たところでたいしたメリットはない。いろいろなソフトが互いに関連して，さまざまな場所からさまざまな処理関数を呼び出しているため，ある程度は “ 森”の構造を理解しなければ，ソースを理解したとはいえないからだ。
カーネルのソースは，C言語で書かれたものだけでも500万行以上もある。1日100行ずつ読んだとしても，136年かかる計算になる。これをすべて読むのは人間では不可能だ。では，なぜ赤松氏はそこまでスラスラと読めるのか。
聞くと，意外なまで に “ 普通の答え ” が返ってきた。 「 カーネルのソースを読むんが生活そのものや」という。通勤中も食事中も，どんな時も常にソース・コードのプリントアウトを持ち歩いているというのだ。それを聞くと，中学生や高校生が受験のために参考書や問題集を持ち歩いている風景を思い出した。「30年前に当時ベンツが買えるほどのお金を貯めて，ミニコンを買うた」というほどの熱意を持っている赤松氏だからこそできる業か。
だが，赤松氏 は 「 ソースを読むのは簡単や」と強調する。赤松氏が読破したのは，カーネルの基本的な部分とネットワーク関連部分，および仮想ファイルである「/proc」の部分である。全体からすればほんの一部だが，これを理解するだけで「まだ読んでいない部分も難なく読めるようになる」という。「何も知らない高校生でも，半年教えれば，スラスラ読めるようになる」ほどである。
聞くと，どうやら読み方にはコツがあるらしい。プログラムというと，データを定義しているところと，プロセスを記述しているところに分けられるが，カーネルの全体像は，データ構造を理解することにほかならないという。いろいろなデータ構造体のつながりや構造を幾何学的に理解すれば，気持ちよいくらいに全体像が「サッ」と見えてくるそうな。
全体像が見えたら気持ち良さそう。筆者はそう思い，少しでもそのコツを紹介できないものかと考え，この4月から赤松氏の寄稿による新連載を日経Linuxで開始した。今後，Linuxやオープンソース関連の仕事に接する機会が多くなると思われるITプロフェッショナルの人たちに読んでもらえたら幸いである。
この記事へのトラックバッ クExcerpt : 限定１００名様です。お急ぎ下さい！Weblog : 株式投資で富裕層！ダイアモンド厳選銘柄１００選Tracked : 2006-03-09 12:04 Excerpt : こちらの記事で書いていたら、なんとGoogleが買収したそうです。 グーグル、 ... Weblog : GajyuTracked : 2006-03-10 19:00
Excerpt : 『ウェブ進化論』を読んでから、そこで展開されてた「あちら側」と「こちら側」というメタファがあまりにも的確だったので、ついついその視点で最近の業界動向を見てしまう癖がついてしまった。 でも 、Google ..
Weblog : papativa.jpTracked : 2006-03-10 20:01
The UCLA police officer videotaped last week using a Taser gun on a student also shot a homeless man at a campus study hall room three years ago and was earlier recommended for dismissal in connection with an alleged assault on fraternity row , authorities said .
UCLA police confirmed late Monday that the officer who fired the Taser gun was Terrence Duren , who has served in the university ’s Police Department for 18 years .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Wednesday November 22 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 1 inches ; 43 words Type of Material : Correction
Taser incident :
An article in Tuesday ’s California section about the UCLA police officer who used a Taser gun on a student misspelled the last name of Willie Davis Frazier , a homeless man who had been shot by the officer in 2003 , as Frasier .
Duren , who was named officer of the year in 2001 , also has been involved in several controversial incidents on campus .
In an interview with The Times on Monday night , Duren , 43 , defended his record as a campus police officer and urged people to withhold judgment until the review of his Taser use is completed .
Advertisement
“ I patrol this area the same way I would want someone to patrol the neighborhoods where I live , ” he said .
“ People make allegations against cops all the time .
Saying one thing and proving it are two different things . ”
While he would not directly talk about why he used the Taser on the student , he said a videotape of any arrest does n’t necessarily tell the whole story .
“ If someone is resisting , sometimes it ’s not going to look pretty taking someone into custody , ” he said .
“ If you have to use some force , it ’s not going to look pretty .
That ’s the nature of this job . ”
A student ’s cellphone video of the incident has been broadcast around the world and focused much criticism on the officer .
Advertisement
But Duren -- who was back on duty at the UCLA campus Monday night -- said he can roll with these punches and wants to explain himself to students critical of his actions .
“ In this line of business , you have to have a thick skin , ” he added .
“ I am proud of my service as a cop . ”
The incident occurred about 11 p.m. Nov. 14 in a library filled with students studying for midterm examinations .
Senior Mostafa Tabatabainejad , 23 , was asked by Duren and other university police officers for his ID as part of a routine nightly procedure to make sure that everyone using the library after 11 p.m. is a student or otherwise authorized to be there .
Advertisement
Authorities said Tabatabainejad refused repeated requests to provide identification or to leave .
The officers decided to use the Taser to incapacitate Tabatabainejad after he went limp while they were escorting him out and after he urged other library patrons to join his resistance , according to the university ’s account .
The video shows portions of the incident , in which Tabatabainejad can be heard screaming in pain when the Taser shocks are administered .
The tape , which has been broadcast on the YouTube website and TV newscasts , prompted widespread criticism both on campus and from outsiders .
On Friday , more than 200 students held a march to the police station , while acting Chancellor Norman Abrams tried to quell the critics by announcing an independent investigation of the Taser use .
Abrams said UCLA had received numerous e-mails and calls from concerned alumni and parents .
Tabatabainejad ’s attorney , Stephen Yagman , said his client was shocked five times with the Taser after he refused to show his ID because he thought he was being singled out for his Middle Eastern appearance .
Tabatabainejad is of Iranian descent but is a U.S. citizen by birth and a resident of Los Angeles .
Advertisement
Duren said Monday that he joined the UCLA police force after being fired from the Long Beach Police Department in the late 1980s .
He said he was a probationary officer at the time and was let go because of poor report - writing skills and geographical knowledge .
In May 1990 , he was accused of using his nightstick to choke someone who was hanging out on a Saturday in front of a UCLA fraternity .
Kente S. Scott alleged that Duren confronted him while he was walking on the street outside the Theta Xi fraternity house .
Scott sued the university , and according to court records , UCLA officials moved to have Duren dismissed from the police force .
But after an independent administrative hearing , officials overturned the dismissal , suspending him for 90 days .
Duren on Monday disputed the allegations made by Scott .
Advertisement
In October 2003 , Duren shot and wounded a homeless man he encountered in Kerckhoff Hall .
Duren chased the man into a bathroom , where they struggled and he fired two shots .
The homeless man , Willie Davis Frazier , was later convicted of assaulting an officer .
Duren said Frasier had tried to grab his gun during the struggle .
But Frazier ’s attorney , John Raphling , said his client was mentally ill and did n’t do anything to provoke the shooting .
It remains unclear when the independent investigation of the Taser incident will be completed .
It will be headed by Merrick Bobb , a veteran watchdog of both the Los Angeles Police and Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s departments .
UCLA police officials said in a short statement that Duren arrived at Powell Library with Officer Alexis Bicomong .
Duren “ discharged the Taser , ” the statement said .
Officers Kevin Kilgore , Andrew Ikeda and Ricardo Bolanos , and Sgt. Philip Baguliao , a supervisor , were also at the scene .
Advertisement
“ Let the independent watchdog run its course , ” Duren said .
The officer said that when the probe is complete , he ’d like to sit down with students , particularly Muslim student groups , to explain his actions at the library .
“ I have nothing to hide . ”
charles.proctor@latimes.com
Advertisement
richard.winton@latimes.com
If the song " It 's a Small World " has ever driven you bananas , then you 've got an idea where this story is going .
We 've all had tunes stuck in our heads .
Some of them remind us of childhood friends , places or events .
A new study backs the obvious notion that a song can evoke strong memories .
It also reveals that you do n't even have to hear a song for the past to come flooding back .
In fact , most people have an amazing ability to effectively hear songs that are n't even being played .
Word power
The new study involved 124 people , average age 19 , who were asked to choose from a list of old songs and pick the one that evoked the strongest memory .
One group just saw the title , another saw the lyrics , the third saw the album cover or a photo of the artist .
A fourth group heard a snippet of the song .
The participants ranked the vividness of their memories .
The recollections were extremely clear for each group , said researcher Elizabeth Cady .
" Music is a big cue , " she concludes .
Cady , a doctoral student in psychology at Kansas State University , cites the study as evidence for the pervasiveness of mass media , noting that many of the participants ' memories were the same as her own .
The results will be presented this week at the American Psychological Society meeting in Los Angeles .
Driving you nuts
You can test the power of song titles right now .
But beware , one of these could ruin your day :
" The Theme from Gilligan 's Island "
" Mission : Impossible "
" We Will Rock You "
" The Macarena "
These ditties , along with " Small World , " were cited in a 2001 study by James Kellaris at the University of Cincinnati as among the most common that get stuck in peoples ' heads .
Kellaris found that 99 percent of the 1,000 people he surveyed reported having songs lodged in their noggins .
Nearly half said it happens frequently .
A simple song with lots of repetition and an unexpected shift is among the most likely to bedevil you , Kellaris says .
Down the road , it creates a " cognitive itch " -- the thing that might bug you all day today ( ... after all ... ) .
" The only way to ' scratch ' a cognitive itch is to rehearse the responsible tune mentally , " Kellaris said .
" The process may start involuntarily , as the brain detects an incongruity or something ' exceptional ' in the musical stimulus .
The ensuing mental repetition may exacerbate the ' itch , ' such that the mental rehearsal becomes largely involuntary , and the individual feels trapped in a cycle or feedback loop . "
All in the lyrics
Scientists are beginning to figure out what 's behind the insanity .
A study earlier this year used brain scans to reveal that musical memories are stored in the brain 's auditory cortex .
It also showed that you continue to hear a familiar song in our head when the music stops playing .
" We played music in the scanner , and then we hit a virtual ' mute ' button , " explained David Kraemer , a graduate student in Dartmouth 's Psychological and Brain Sciences Department .
" We found that people could n't help continuing the song in their heads , and when they did this , the auditory cortex remained active even though the music had stopped . "
The study was reported in the March 10 issue of the journal Nature .
" It 's fascinating that although the ear is n't actually hearing the song , the brain is perceptually hearing it , " said co-author William Kelley , assistant professor of psychological and brain sciences at Dartmouth .
The researchers were surprised to find a difference in how we recall songs with words versus instrumentals .
When the mute button was hit during the word - free theme from the Pink Panther ( sorry to do that again ) people relied on many different parts of the auditory cortex to fill in the blanks .
Fewer brain parts were required to continue " hearing " songs with words .
" It makes us think that lyrics might be the focus of the memory , " Kraemer said .
Related Stories
What about Images ?
In this 1978 picture , the cast of " Gilligan 's Island " poses during filming of a reunion show , " The Return from Gilligan 's Island . "
From left are , Russell Johnson , the professor ; Jim Backus as Thurston Howell III ; Natalie Schafer , Mrs. Howell III ; Alan Hale Jr. , the skipper ; Bob Denver , as Gilligan ; Judith Baldwin , as Ginger , the only new cast member ; and Dawn Wells , as Mary Ann .
AP Photo / Wally Fong
Check out these identical twins :
They are really identical twins .
This photo is from the November 2006 issue of Discover Magazine .
See the related article : “ DNA Is Not Destiny
The new science of epigenetics rewrites the rules of disease , heredity , and identity . ”
Though these two men are genetically identical , they were separated at birth .
The man on the left was malnourished for years .
Bone structure changes brought about by environmental factors is thus one of many ways ( physical and behavioral ) in which the environment can dramatically affect the way in which the genes express themselves
As the Discover article points out , the 25,000 genes of our human DNA are widely considered to be an instruction book for our bodies .
However , “ genes themselves need instructions for what to do , and where and when to do it . ”
These additional instructions are not in DNA , but
on it , in an array of chemical markers and switches , known collectively as the epigenome , that lie along the length of the double helix .
These epigenetic switches and markers in turn help switch on or off the expression of particular genes .
It has long been known that epigenetic switches are critical to the healthy development of organisms .
These can be dramatically tweaked by exposure to a vitamin , a toxin or even mothering , altering “ the software of our genes in ways that affect an individual ’s body and brain for life . ”
Green tea , for example , has been shown to prevent the growth of cancers .
New research has even suggested that epigenetic signals “ can be passed on from one generation to the next , sometimes for several generations , without changing a single gene sequence . ”
How can this be ?
Chromosomes are only 50 percent DNA .
“ The other 50 percent is made up of protein molecules , and these proteins carry the epigenetic marks and information . ”
Experiments concerning rat exposure to a fungicide ( see the article ) bear out this conclusion .
Epigenetic markers and patterns are so important that researchers are rallying to begin a project to create an elaborate human epigenome project to map out the entire human epigenome .
Many people assume that DNA pecisely predetermines our body shapes , personalities and diseases .
The field of epigenetics , however , is disproving this .
“ We appear to have a measure of control over our genetic legacy . ”
We need to substantially revise our idea of genetics .
All of the things people eat or smoke “ can affect our gene expression and that of future generations .
Epigenetics introduces the concept of free will into our idea of genetics . ”
The ramifications go much further , though , and the stakes are extremely high .
The field of epigenetics can serve as a bridge between biology and responsible politics :
Early Child - parent binding is made more difficult by the effects of poverty , dislocation , when social strife .
Those factors can certainly affect the cognitive development of the children directly involved .
Might they also affect the development of future generations through .? . . . [ according to Michael Meany , a biologist from McGill University ] early Child - parent binding is made more difficult by the effects of poverty , dislocation and social strife .
These factors can certainly affect the cognitive development of the children directly involved .
Might they also affect the development of future generations ?
Here ’s another consequence .
Human cloning should no longer be portrayed as it often is in the media .
Epigenetics demonstrates that having an identical genome is highly overrated .
Genetic cloning cannot really result in identical phenotypic expression .
The apple ( even if it is a clone ) can fall a long way from the tree ( the donor ) .
The outcome is highly dependent upon and subject to innumerable environmental factors .
I ’m not suggesting that cloning is a good idea .
Epigenetics demonstrates that cloning will fail to accomplish the egotistic ends that sometimes motivate the desire to clone humans .
Further , cloning is ultimate expressing of unbridled egotism .
That genes do n’t completely determine the person , should be obvious to the many parents who go to great lengths to have half - clones ( babies with one - half each of each parent ’s genetic contribution ) .
By the way , this version “ half - eugenics ” is entirely socially acceptable .
Half - clones often disappoint their biological parents , though .
The biological offspring of successful parents quite often do n’t live up to their parents ’ successes .
Even more dramatic , consider identical twins , who always have identical genomes , and they really do ( always ! ) develop into unique individuals .
Yes , they correlate with each other in many ways .
Often they resemble each other , but everyone who knows identical twins knows that they actually look different and they have unique personalities .
When you make a phone call to talk to an identical twin , it matters which one of the two answer the phone .
Nobody confuses identical twins ( or triplets ) as the kinds of identical marching robots that a mad scientist might create any science fiction movie .
Reproduction of genomes , then , appears to be highly overrated .
The field of epigenetics is further proof that re-creating a complete and exact genetic code cannot duplicate a human individual .
This combination of topics of epigenetics and cloning gives rise to a thought experiment : what if we allowed people to clone babies ( I would not allow this currently , because the state of the art process is associated with numerous genetic defects ) ?
But what if we did allow adults to clone their offspring ?
In light of epigenetics ( and in light of studies regarding identical twins ) , those babies would often turn out substantially different than their parents .
Sometimes they would turn out much better than their parent ( by whatever scale you choose ) .
That result would brand the parent a “ failure ” of sorts - why did n’t they do better ?
What if the cloned offspring turned out much worse than the parent ?
In that case , the only conclusion would be that the parent got a lot of breaks in life ( breaks that the clone did not have ) .
In either case , watching the development of a clone will raise uncomfortable issues regarding whether the parent really “ earned ” what the parent got in life .
In short , the expanding field of epigenetics will likely result in less opposition to reproductive cloning , not more .
In fact , I suspect that if we would allow people to re-create themselves as clones , most people will soon stop cloning voluntarily , for the reasons stated above .
Also , as suggested above , society will continue to see reproductive cloning as a crass and simplistic attempt to create a monument to the clone ’s parent ’s ego , a monument that will too often reflect badly on the parent .
Therefore , almost every baby Einstein will fall short of Einstein .
Whenever a cloned Einstein does better than his / her cloner - donor , then the cloner donor could have done better than he / she did .
They ca n’t possibly live duplicate lives .
After all , after dad - clone proves E=MC2 , offspring - clone wo n’t get any notoriety for proving it a second time .
In any case , reproductive cloning will disappoint the eugenics crowd and disprove the popular perception that genes constitute an “ instruction booklet ” for meticulously assembling identical human beings who will accomplish equally in the world into which they are brought .
Apple 's biggest disadvantage - its lack of experience with phones - is its strongest card .
Why ?
Because it is n't locked into the mindset of the operators .
Operators still think in terms of voice as the killer app , while Apple thinks non-voice because all of its experience is with music and other data .
Operators proudly point out that 90 % of their income comes from voice and texting .
However , this is not success but failure : 10 years into the digital revolution and six years after they bid £ 22.5 bn for 3G spectrum , they still can't induce customers to use these other services .
Why ?
Because download charges are exorbitant and the user experience often awful .
True , things are changing .
T - Mobile offers " all you can eat " tariffs for a fixed ( premium ) price and last week the innovative 3 launched a fixed - price service claimed to have broadband speeds plus free internet calls .
But these are exceptional and yet to be tested in practice .
At a seminar last week hosted by Symbian , the world leader in smartphone operating systems , I was surprised by the number of participants agreeing that nothing will happen until " content " ( music , games etc ) represents substantially more than 10 % of the operators ' revenues .
Enter Apple , a company built around user - friendly content .
It is the first big company in the west ( Korea and Japan are another story ) to approach phones from the point of view of users and content rather than preserving the milch cow of voice revenues .
It has to because the increasing sophistication of music phones , some with a capacity for 5,000 tracks , are threatening the iPod 's position as the music player of choice .
The iPod is a great product and selling well , but its share of music downloads overall - as opposed to MP3 player downloads - is plummeting as the vast un -iPodded generation take to one device - the mobile phone - for their music .
This is not a question of taste , but of arithmetic .
There are more than 2bn mobile phones in the world - and still counting ( at 1,000 per minute ) - but fewer than 50 m iPods .
The mobile phone will become the dominant player of music .
The only question is whether the phone will swallow the iPod or vice versa .
Om Malik , the US blogger , points out that if the iPhone is sold " unlocked " ( ie , you can put any SIM card into it and not be tied to an operator ) then it could trigger a shift in power from operators to manufacturers and could lead to phones being sold for the full price and not subsidised by operators .
As to which operating system it will use , the most likely is its own as Apple likes to control all aspects of its devices , but when one asks Symbian executives if it will be Symbian they come up with a standard : " We talk to all phone manufacturers , " rather than an outright denial .
Apple is n't guaranteed success .
Some of its products have bombed in the past , though usually ( as with the Newton personal organiser and the Apple digital camera ) because they were not good enough and launched too far ahead of their time .
Whatever happens , it will only be a small ripple in a big pool when it is launched .
But if Apple can repeat its startling success of recent years , it could not only produce a product that satisfies the iPodistas but lights the blue touchpaper under the operators .
And that has got to be a good thing .
vic.keegan@theguardian.com
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
From Anchorage it takes 90 minutes on a propeller plane to reach this fishing village on the state ’s southwestern edge , a place where some people still make raincoats out of walrus intestine .
This is the Alaskan bush at its most remote .
Here , tundra meets sea , and sea turns to ice for half the year .
Scattered , almost hidden , in the terrain are some of the most isolated communities on American soil .
People choose to live in outposts like Dillingham ( pop. 2,400 ) for that reason : to be left alone .
So eyebrows were raised in January when the first surveillance cameras went up on Main Street .
Each camera is a shiny white metallic box with two lenses like eyes .
The camera ’s shape and design resemble a robot ’s head .
Workers on motorized lifts installed seven cameras in a 360 - degree cluster on top of City Hall .
They put up groups of six atop two light poles at the loading dock , and more at the fire hall and boat harbor .
Advertisement
By mid-February , more than 60 cameras watched over the town , and the Dillingham Police Department plans to install 20 more -- all purchased through a $ 202,000 Homeland Security grant meant primarily to defend against a terrorist attack .
Now the residents of this far - flung village have become , in one sense , among the most watched people in the land , with -- as former Mayor Freeman Roberts puts it -- “ one camera for every 30 residents . ”
Some do n’t mind , but many others are furious and have banded together to force the city to take the cameras down .
“ You better smile .
You ’re on camera , ” says Roberts , 64 , a barge captain .
Roberts himself is n’t smiling as he points out a single camera on the side of a building .
The camera is aimed toward an alley .
Advertisement
“ It ’s amazing , is n’t it ? ” he says .
He drives around town in his pickup , spying on the cameras that he believes are spying on him .
“ Everywhere you look , there ’s one looking at you . ”
Roberts , mayor of Dillingham from 1972 to 1978 , says the cameras constitute an invasion of privacy , and beyond that , they ’re just plain creepy .
He scratched together a petition demanding removal of the cameras and collected 219 signatures within days .
He carries the ragged sheaf of names next to him in the truck .
The City Council , which supports the cameras , threw out the petition , claiming Roberts did not follow the law , which requires that the signatories be registered voters .
Now Roberts is working with others to put together a legal petition to force the issue on the October ballot .
Roberts climbs out of his truck and slams the door .
Advertisement
He is a square - jawed man with a slow , deliberate way of talking .
He looks out at Nushagak Bay , which remains frozen until the end of April .
No boat can enter or leave the harbor until the ice breaks up .
He shakes his head .
“ This is Dillingham , Alaska , folks , ” he says .
“ I do n’t think we have to worry about Osama bin Laden . ”
*
That is , unless Bin Laden wants to go salmon fishing .
Dillingham is a hub in the Bristol Bay region , which is famous among fishermen for its sockeye runs .
Advertisement
The inhabitants of about 30 nearby villages come to town for supplies .
Slightly more than half the residents of Dillingham are Native Alaskans .
The rest are white or mixed , like Roberts , who is Dutch and Yupik Eskimo .
The village has a rumpled , flophouse feel to it , as if collapsed together by a strong wind from the Bering Sea : faded cedar shacks next to aluminum buildings next to dusty lots of dry - docked fishing boats tipped at all kinds of angles .
It is a working town in the middle of what some might call nowhere , which , according to Police Chief Richard Thompson , is why residents must be vigilant .
Terrorists intent on attacking the United States could , he says , “ backdoor it ” through a nowhere dot on the tundra just like Dillingham .
Thompson , with the blessing of the City Council , applied for the Homeland Security grant last year .
He is 51 , wiry , with a slightly harried air about him .
He has spent 22 years in the Dillingham Police Department , starting as dispatcher and becoming chief a year and a half ago .
Advertisement
It ’s his department .
He and his six officers take the oath to protect very seriously .
He bristles at any reference to Big Brother .
“ Tokyo is that way , ” says Thompson , extending his arm to the left .
He ’s standing near the spot in the harbor where Roberts stood the previous day .
“ Russia is about 800 miles that way , ” he says , arm extending right .
“ Seattle is about 1,200 miles back that way . ”
He points behind him .
Advertisement
“ So if I have the math right , we ’re closer to Russia than we are to Seattle . ”
Now imagine , he says :
What if the bad guys , whoever they are , manage to obtain a nuclear device in Russia , where some weapons are believed to be poorly guarded .
They put the device in a container and then hire organized criminals , “ maybe Mafiosi , ” to arrange a tramp steamer to pick it up .
The steamer drops off the container at the Dillingham harbor , complete with forged paperwork to ship it to Seattle .
The container is picked up by a barge .
“ Ten days later , ” the chief says , “ the barge pulls into the Port of Seattle . ”
Thompson pauses for effect .
Advertisement
“ Phoooom , ” he says , his hands blooming like a flower .
“ Farfetched ?
My view is we pay people like me to think of the ‘ what ifs , ’ ” Thompson says .
The cameras would help authorities monitor who is entering and leaving the port .
If something bad happens , the cameras at the very least could help identify suspects .
“ I ’d be willing to bet that ’s a good reason why we got the grant , ” Thompson says .
“ The government , I think , understands the potential . ”
The Department of Homeland Security , which gave Alaska more than $ 16 million in grants last year , takes seriously the threat of terrorists infiltrating the country through remote border areas .
Advertisement
“ Once a terrorist is inside Alaska , that person is inside the United States , ” says David Liebersbach , director of the Alaska Division of Homeland Security .
“ Phoooom , ” Thompson says again .
*
Police headquarters is a big blue building made of aluminum .
In a large room on the second floor , technicians are working out the kinks in the surveillance system .
It is a German - made all - digital network that stores footage in computers .
Two 42 - inch Sony plasma screens on a wall show live video of street scenes , parking lots , building entrances and locations around the harbor .
Advertisement
From this room , a dispatcher will monitor the busiest parts of town around the clock .
Officers can also follow a crime in progress .
Thompson hopes the cameras will help in day - to - day crime - fighting .
During fishing season , a large transient population comes to town , and drugs and alcohol become a problem .
Quaint little Dillingham , he says , becomes “ a rough little town . ”
He cites crime numbers for the last three years : Homicides : 3 . Unclassified deaths : 6 . Assaults : 271 .
Thompson tells the story of a skipper , John Henry , 51 , who one winter night in 2004 fell asleep on the beach and froze to death .
Today , a camera watches over the spot where he died .
Thompson says if a camera had been there that night , police could have saved Henry .
Thompson says he does n’t have the time or interest to spy on people .
Advertisement
The town leadership stands behind him .
Mayor Chris Napoli said the city posted the Homeland Security grant as an agenda item in a council meeting last year .
He said the meeting “ was poorly attended ” -- a nice way of saying nobody came .
The subject of surveillance cameras was not mentioned in the meeting notice .
On June 2 , 2005 , the council adopted a resolution accepting the grant .
Napoli does n’t understand the fuss .
“ We had an opportunity to enhance security and we took advantage of it , ” he says .
“ I thought we were doing what government officials are supposed to do . ”
The mayor , who runs a gas station and convenience store across from the police station , bought his own surveillance camera for the store .
The banks and grocery stores in town have had surveillance cameras for years .
The hospital uses cameras , and the public housing authority two years ago installed 25 cameras at its apartment complex .
Says high school wrestling coach Johnny Johnson : “ If you ’re not doing anything wrong , what does it matter ? ”
Advertisement
*
Tim Smeekens and his wife moved from Oregon to Alaska eight years ago , living for a time in a tiny native village .
A job as a social worker brought Smeekens to Dillingham five years later .
He has taken over the petition drive started by Roberts , consulting with a lawyer to put together a referendum on the cameras .
Based on the number of people who voted in the last election , Smeekens says , he ’ll need at most about 100 signatures .
“ Not a problem , ” he says over breakfast at Fisherman ’s Cafe .
Advertisement
It ’s a one - room restaurant with low ceilings and no discernible heat .
The temperature hovers around zero .
The clientele is a rough - looking crowd .
Two men at a nearby table talk about bear - hunting , one claiming to have shot a “ brownie ” that had a 28 - inch skull .
By contrast , Smeekens looks dapper .
He is 53 with roundish glasses that give him a professorial look .
The town leaders “ assumed they could put up these cameras and nobody would mind , ” Smeekens says .
“ Know what ?
We mind .
“ I value privacy .
It ’s the birthright of every American , ” he says .
The surveillance cameras represent “ a chipping away of that right . ”
Smeekens says he ’s fighting over principle .
But many others eager to sign the petition have more pragmatic or personal concerns .
Advertisement
“ I guess we have to be mindful not to pick our noses in public , ” says Donna Shade , owner of a bed and breakfast .
She describes herself as someone who naturally feels guilty anyway .
“ It ’s a Catholic thing , ” she says .
The cameras bolster the sense that “ we ’re not trustworthy . ”
Ronnie Heyano , a fisherman , sums up his concerns : “ Who will be watching the watchers ? ”
Later that afternoon , Roberts , the barge captain , is driving around in his truck again .
Advertisement
Barge work is hard to come by as long as there ’s ice in Nushagak Bay ; he ’ll have time to spare until May .
He spends much time giving townspeople tours of the camera sites .
“ Here ’s one thing that really ticks people off .
See that building ? ” says Roberts , gesturing toward an old one - story structure near City Hall .
It ’s the Bristol Bay Counseling Center , a mental health facility .
“ There are people embarrassed to go in there because they think those cameras are taking pictures of them , ” Roberts says .
“ You ’re never going to hear from them . ”
On a road behind City Hall , Roberts stops his truck to talk to a fellow barge captain who has stopped his own pickup .
Two idling trucks , two rolled - down windows , two men swapping news in the middle of the street .
It ’s a common scene in town .
Advertisement
“ Watch out .
Osama ’s going to get you , ” Roberts says .
“ Big Brother ’s going to get you first , ” says the other skipper , Dennis Johnson .
Roberts asks if he ’s a registered voter .
Johnson says yes and reminds Roberts to tell him when the petition is ready .
The men fall silent , their truck engines quietly rumbling .
With a short crisp nod , Roberts drives off .
Roberts says if the petition fails , he may do the unthinkable : run for mayor again .
He predicts he ’d win and there would be a few people at City Hall looking for new jobs .
Advertisement
He heaves a sigh .
“ Dillingham , Alaska , ” he says simply , his tone implying the lament :
What has happened to you ?
Google has strong words for legislators who are currently mulling over net neutrality issues : the company will take any perceived abuse to the US Department of Justice .
Speaking at a news conference in Bulgaria , Internet pioneer and now Google VP Vint Cerf said that the company will be " happy " if legislators ultimately opt to support net neutrality principles , but in the absence of such support , the company will take a wait - and - see approach .
" If we are not successful in our arguments ... then we will simply have to wait until something bad happens and then we will make known our case to the Department of Justice 's anti-trust division , " he said .
Cerf 's comments recognize one of the most heated debates within the net neutrality fight : whether or not this could become an antitrust issue .
Some opponents of net neutrality argue that legislation is not needed because the market will sort it out — a notion founded on the belief that there is more than adequate competition in broadband across the country to prevent monopolistic behavior .
Net neutrality advocates often argue the opposite , namely that there is not sufficient competition throughout the country to prevent monopolistic abuses .
Without such competition , service providers could punish their competition with impunity , advocates say .
" We are worried that some of the broadband service providers will interfere with that principle and will attempt to use their control over broadband transport facilities to interfere with services of competitors , " Cerf said .
Recently Senator Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) announced that he will place a " hold " on any legislation addressing the telecommunications industry that lacks " effective policy " on net neutrality .
" The days of unfettered , unlimited and free access to any site on the world wide web , what I call net neutrality , are being threatened , " said Sen .
Wyden .
" Those who own the pipes , the giant cable and phone companies , want to discriminate on which sites you can access . "
The war between the two opposing sides is filled with accusations and light on actual facts .
Net neutrality opponents have said time and time again that premature action could lead to the stifling of innovation .
Telecom lobbyist Mike McCurry recently warned that net neutrality laws " will dampen investor interest in building bigger , faster , smarter pipes , " which he argues will ultimately lead to an Internet slowdown .
Nevertheless , advocates of net neutrality continue to charge the telecommunications industry with ulterior motives , a charge which they believe " sticks " on account of now infamous comments made by several telecommunications executives over recent years , including AT&T CEO Ed Whiteacre 's claim that Internet companies were using " [ his ] pipes " for free , and that they should not be " allowed " to do that .
Today we have hand made stories .
Another one is submitted by Timo .
This one is really strange .
It is a wooden multi-stored building .
It looks like a real skyscraper in Arkhangelsk city .
All the houses in the town are mainly two - three - stored and here it stands – a twelve stored wooden tower , more than 120 ft high ( 38 metres ) .
There is not elevator and you can reach the top of the building climbing by a carved wooden stairs .
The building can be seen from all the town .
The city authorities claim that the building spoils the town view and demand to reduce it by … 10 stores .
But he refuses .
He really likes his creation and most of the local people think that it looks nice .
submitted by Timo
Helping businesses to get good photos
The thing about online business markets is that everything is show business and up for sale , now when we assume about how the product will turn out to be is only through the detailed pictures we provide .
The online photo platform has developed so much that every company dealing with products and services online must have elaborate images due to heavy competition .
A market is a comprehensive place for photographers all around the world .
This way , companies can find a freelancer and get photos back in less than 24 hours .
Essentially , getting professional shots becomes an on - demand process .
To focus on a few key industries , including real estate , food , experiences , retail , and e-commerce .
Maybe even your favorite Instagram - native brand relies on the same for their product shots .
We live in a hi-tech world .
A customer walks into an appliance - selling store because they like what they see from outside , all the glitter and glamour they show with the help of beautiful lights and whatnot , perhaps , it ’s safe to say that this place where we reside , is all about the show business .
We intend to buy what we find beauty and worthy as they project it to be .
Similarly , when customers land on your business websites , their attention weights to the images you offer first and , if they like what they see , they keep on browsing and , hopefully , make a purchase .
That is why product photography is indispensable to the boom of any e-commerce operation .
The triumph of On - demand photo platform shows how much pictures matter to us .
Be it when making memories , we refer to them , cherish the old days as we move forward .
In this digital world , we rely on pictures ; pictures of the products we wish to buy , as we leap of faith and order with hopes to receive as per our expectations .
But as the side mirror of our vehicles quote , ’’ the objects in the mirror are closer than they appear . ’’
Similarly , the products that appear in the image can differ a little bit from the actual product as they use all sort of photographic tools to make their product look perfect and the right choice .
Be smart , do not get conned by sites you are unaware about .
Author : Rishika Chhabra
Correction Appended
Several prominent scientists said yesterday that they had formed an organization dedicated to electing politicians “ who respect evidence and understand the importance of using scientific and engineering advice in making public policy . ”
Organizers of the group , Scientists and Engineers for America , said it would be nonpartisan , but in interviews several said Bush administration science policies had led them to act .
The issues they cited included the administration ’s position on climate change , its restrictions on stem cell research and delays in authorizing the over - the - counter sale of emergency contraception .
In a statement posted on its Web site ( www.sefora.org), the group said scientists and engineers had an obligation “ to enter the political debate when the nation ’s leaders systematically ignore scientific evidence and analysis , put ideological interest ahead of scientific truths , suppress valid scientific evidence and harass and threaten scientists for speaking honestly about their research . ”
The group ’s organizers include John H. Gibbons and Neal Lane , who were science advisers in the Clinton administration , the Nobel laureates Peter Agre and Alfred Gilman , and Susan F. Wood , who resigned from the Food and Drug Administration last year to protest the agency ’s delay in approving over - the - counter sales of the so - called Plan B emergency contraception .
Home » forums » LtU Forum '' The Paradigms of Programming ' ' online R.W. Floyd 's Turing Award Lecture “ The Paradigms of Programming ” is freely available in an online journal here .
It is almost 30 years old , and still very much relevant .
A quotation :
To the designer of programming languages , I say : unless you can support the paradigms I use when I program , or at least support my extending your language into one that does support my programming methods , I donâ€™t need your shiny new languages [... ]
# 間違い
$ command 2>&1 >/dev/null
# 正しい
$ command >/dev/null 2>&1
- なぜ間違ってしまうのか ?
標準エラー出力は2番だから、まず2番を1番が指している先に合流させるために
2>&1 とする。
で 、1番 を >/dev/null として / dev/null に向ければ、両方とも / dev/ null に向く。
- 実際のリダイレクト処理
ls >outfile.txt 2>&1
また実装例から示します。
fd = open ( " outfile.txt " , O_WRONLY|O_CREAT|O_TRUNC , 0666 ) ;
dup2( fd , 1 ) ;
close ( fd ) ;
dup2 ( 1 , 2 ) ;
「 ls >outfile.txt 2>&1」が左から処理されていく過程を追います。「>outfile.txt」は上と同じで、ファイルを指すfdが作られた後、1番が一旦クローズされてfdの複製として再生され、ついでにfdがクローズされます。「2>&1」は、2番が一旦クローズされて1番の複製として再生されます。
1番 => [ screen ]
2番 => [ screen ]
|
| fd = open ( ) ;
| dup2( fd , 1 ) ; 一旦1番をクローズ 。
| 1番がfdの複製として再生される。
| close ( fd ) ;
V
1番 => [ file ]
2番 => [ screen ]
|
| dup2( 1 , 2 ) ; 一旦2番をクローズ 。
| 2番が1番の複製として再生される。
V
1番 => [ file ]
2番 => [ file ]
結局、1番も2番もファイル(outfile.txt)を指すことになります。つまり、lsの標準出力も標準エラー出力もファイルに出力されます。
ls 2>&1 >outfile.txt
いつものように実装例から。
dup2 ( 1 , 2 ) ;
fd = open ( " outfile.txt " , O_WRONLY|O_CREAT|O_TRUNC , 0666 ) ;
dup2( fd , 1 ) ;
close ( fd ) ;
「 2>&1 」も「>outfile.txt」も、上で説明したとおりの動作をします。左から処理が進むので、処理の順番が異なるだけですが、最終形態も異なります。
1番 => [ screen ]
2番 => [ screen ]
|
| dup2( 1 , 2 ) ; 一旦2番をクローズ 。
| 2番が1番の複製として再生される(結局、画面のまま ) 。
V
1番 => [ screen ]
2番 => [ screen ]
|
| fd = open ( ) ;
| dup2( fd , 1 ) ; 一旦1番をクローズ 。
| 1番がfdの複製として再生される。
| close ( fd ) ;
V
1番 => [ file ]
2番 => [ screen ]
( fd => [ file ] )
結局、1番がファイルを指して、2番は画面のままです。
- さらにすごい間違い
$ command >/dev/null &2>1
シェルのリダイレクトについての理解が不十分なためにやってしまった失敗。標準出力も標準エラー出力も /dev/null に捨てたいとき、間違えて以下のようにしてしまうことがときどきあった。最近はやらなくなったが。これだと command の標準出力は / dev/null に向けられるが 、command の標準エラー出力は画面に向いてしまう。正しくは以下のように記述する。こうすることで、両方とも
/ dev/ null に向けられる。間違った記述をしてしまう理由は、リダイレクトを誤解しているからだ。そのときの私の思考は以下のようなものだ。ここで問題なのは、2>&1 を「合流」と考えてしまっていることだ。さらに、「2番を1番に合流させているんだから、1番をリダイレクトすれば両者ともに出力先が変わる」と考えてしまっていることだ。実際のリダイレクトはそういった処理はしていない。実際のリダイレクトの処理は、コマンドラインの左から右へ、ファイルディスクリプタをオープン/クローズしながら進められる。以下のサイトの説明を読んだ方が早い。シェルのファイルディスクリプタ操作まずは正しい例。次に、私が間違った例。合流とかそういうものではなく、毎回毎回ファイルディスクリプタのオープンとクローズが行われていることがわかる。私がやった失敗をもう一つ。標準エラー出力を1番のファイルディスクリプタに向けようとしたのだが、この記述だとやりたかったこととはまったく違う結果になる。まず、&
が指定されているためコマンドはバックグラウンドで実行される。そして2番の標準エラー出力が 1 というファイルに向けられる。普通ならば「バックグラウンド実行されたよ」という旨のメッセージが表示されるため、すぐに間違いに気づく。しかし、悪いことにこれを crontab に書いていたため、発見が遅れてしまった。cron の結果を確認しようとしたところ、なぜか 1 というファイルができており、そのときになって初めて気づいたのだった。
It was not too long ago when the European Business - Networking Service OpenBC.com announced their planned name change to Xing.com .
OpenBC.com is no longer and all links to OpenBC.com , including the links to profile pages , are being redirected to Xing.com .
The reason for the name change is the plan to aggressively expand worldwide and to use this as a chance to redesign the whole website .
OpenBC stands for Open Business Club which might be fine for most English language speaking countries and also Germany , where the company behind the Service , OPEN Business Club AG , is located .
However , the word “ Open ” was a concern for the expansion into the American market where “ open ” has also the aftertaste of being “ uncertain ” and “ uncontrolled ” .
The Abbreviation BC was also considered a problem because it also stands for “ before Christ ” , “ something OpenBC has as much in common with as Coca Cola with Koala Bears ” the German newspaper “ Hamburger Abendblatt ” wrote in their issue from 10/13/06 .
No , an artificial name had to be it , so Xing was born .
Xing.com is more generic and neutral I guess and proofs that they are not kidding when they say “ aggressively expand worldwide ” .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
They are aggressive alright .
US Leader LinkedIn.com gets a run for its money and better does something before OpenBC , excuse me Xing.com will roll over them before they even knew what happened .
Xing is dominating Europe already and I do n’t know anybody in Germany who does NOT have an account there .
1.7 million users as of last month does not sound too dramatic , compared to the 8 million users of LinkedIn.com , but consider this .
Have a look at my Linked In profile and then at my profile at Xing.com ( OpenBC ) .
Mhh .. too bad that I do n’t have a picture of the same page at the old OpenBC.com Site , but I can tell you that the page looks now much more like the Linked In page than it did just a few weeks ago .
Okay , now the important question .
What is different between LinkedIn and Xing ?
The Free Services
Lets start with the price for the professional / paid services .
Both offer free accounts where I have to say that Xing offers a lot more than Linked In .
Just during minimal usage of LinkedIn was I reminded about the fact that I am practically using a “ Demo ” account as long as I do n’t pay a penny .
Much different to that was OpenBC / Xing.com where I had to check the page where they compare the free with the paid pro account to get an Idea of what I am missing out on while I am not paying for anything .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Paid Services / Memberships
The Pro Account or premium as Xing calls it , is â‚¬ 5.95 / 7.28 $ per month .
That ’s it .
No further levels .
Just Free or $ 7.28 per month .
Linked
In offers a whole selection of paid services starting from $ 5 per month for the Personal Plus to $ 200 per month .
The Personal Plus level does not even allow Internal email communication which becomes accessible with the Business Level Account which is already a whole lot more expensive .
$ 19.95 per month .
The difference between the $ 19.95 Business , $ 50 Business Pro and $ 200 Pro account is only the number of available inMail emails that can be sent and the number of open introductions at any time .
see details .
With Xing can you do it or not , no limit in usage .
So the Xing Premium account can be compared to all pro LinkedIn.com Account Levels or in other words , the more you use Linked In today , the more you would save if you could use Xing instead .
Groups
Xing also offers Groups which are less strict than LinkedIn .
Anybody can suggest a Group , which does not have to be an Organization or Company .
If you provide valid arguments why your suggested group would be a benefit , then it will be approved .
Groups can be made public or require an application and approval by the group moderator .
Some Groups are only accessible to premium members .
LinkedIn also offers groups , but you better have some paperwork ready to prove that you are an organization or legal entity before your group application is even considered .
Groups can only be joined by people that are already associated with the entity behind the group .
Here goes the idea of opening a Search Engine Journal – Search Engine Marketing Group .
Damn it .
Profile and other things
Xing profiles are much more detailed and have a lot more options when it comes to deciding which of your information is accessible to whom .
This can basically be configured on an individual contact level if you want to .
To make the premium service even more attractive to customers , offers Xing a lot of special and exclusive deals to their premium members .
Things like 3 Months of Skype Voice Mail and 30 Skype out minutes for free ( that ’s about the price for the membership for one month right there ) , 20 % off Alibaba.comâ€™s TrustPass ( TP ) or Free Silver status Radisson SAS Hotels & Resorts , Park Inn Hotels , Country Inns & Suites ! and a lot more offers like that .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Conclusion
If you do already business in Europe and wondered why your business partners overseas have no Linked In account at all or one that seems to be abandoned for months , look for them at Xing.com .
Also for anybody who is using LinkedIn.com today is Xing.com a service worthwhile to check out .
I paid my LinkedIn Business Account for one year in advance , paying $ 199.50 .
I just purchased my annual premium membership at Xing for 71.40 EUR which included a 13th month for free and less than half than the LinkedIn Business Membership and more than 20 times less than a Pro Membership would have cost me .
We will see what LinkedIn will do during the coming months to keep their ground .
They better do something or chances are that I will not renew my membership and fall back to a free but limited account next year .
Cheers ,
Carsten Cumbrowski
Internet Marketing Articles , only one of many free industry resource provided by Cumbrowski.com .
ceramics for breakfast
---
SHORTLIST DESIGN COMPETITION
deadline for submission of entries : december 22nd , 2006
published january 12th , 2007
theme :
ceramics for breakfast
the jury was composed of
ennio capasa , fashion designer of ' costume national ' brand ,
aldo cibic , industrial designer ,
nello martini , journalist , son of the founder of the MACEF exhibition
birgit lohmann , editor - in- chief designboom.com
---
see the exhibition and
the award ceremony
- co organized by designboom and macef -
5002 creative individuals and institutions from 93 countries have participated .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
... and the winners are
1st prize
' glide
' design by : george watson from uk
3 ex equo honorable mentions
' brick - a- bowl
' design by : lidewij spitshuis from netherlands
' milk moments
' design by : laura strasser + milia seyppel from germany
' parlez avec moi
' design by : xinhe jiang + zhuo wang from china
---
the participation for this competition was impressive ,
we feature here 240 entries , but would have liked to feature many more
that would have deserved to be included .
congratulations to all shortlisted designers .
the 4 winning projects are closely followed by these
10 highly commended entries .
'vol
' design by : emilie baltz from usa
' S.O.S. ' design by : chaiyapruk tongcham + panatda manurasda from thailand
' object
' design by : sylvia lai from netherlands
'mat
' design by : ruth gurvich from france
' booh salt and pepper
' design by : aleverson ecker + henrique j. serbena + r. luiz pellanda jr. from brazil
' morning coffee
' design by : tony wong from singapore
' tropics
' design by : luis ramirez from cuba
' nold ' design by : margriet foolen from netherlands
' shao
' design by : zhang zhi from france
' compost vase
' design by : chris kirby from japan
Total Information Awareness Is Back
Remember Total Information Awareness ?
In November 2002 , the New York Times reported that the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) was developing a tracking system called “ Total Information Awareness ” ( TIA ) , which was intended to detect terrorists through analyzing troves of information .
The system , developed under the direction of John Poindexter , then - director of DARPA ’s Information Awareness Office , was envisioned to give law enforcement access to private data without suspicion of wrongdoing or a warrant .
TIA purported to capture the “ information signature ” of people so that the government could track potential terrorists and criminals involved in “ low - intensity / low - density ” forms of warfare and crime .
The goal was to track individuals through collecting as much information about them as possible and using computer algorithms and human analysis to detect potential activity .
The project called for the development of “ revolutionary technology for ultra- large all - source information repositories , ” which would contain information from multiple sources to create a “ virtual , centralized , grand database . ”
This database would be populated by transaction data contained in current databases such as financial records , medical records , communication records , and travel records as well as new sources of information .
Also fed into the database would be intelligence data .
The public found it so abhorrent , and objected so forcefully , that Congress killed funding for the program in September 2003 .
None of us thought that meant the end of TIA , only that it would turn into a classified program and be renamed .
Well , the program is now called Tangram , and it is classified :
The government ’s top intelligence agency is building a computerized system to search very large stores of information for patterns of activity that look like terrorist planning .
The system , which is run by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , is in the early research phases and is being tested , in part , with government intelligence that may contain information on U.S. citizens and other people inside the country .
It encompasses existing profiling and detection systems , including those that create “ suspicion scores ” for suspected terrorists by analyzing very large databases of government intelligence , as well as records of individuals ’ private communications , financial transactions , and other everyday activities .
The information about Tangram comes from a government document looking for contractors to help design and build the system .
DefenseTech writes :
The document , which is a description of the Tangram program for potential contractors , describes other , existing profiling and detection systems that have n’t moved beyond so - called “ guilt - by - association models , ” which link suspected terrorists to potential associates , but apparently do n’t tell analysts much about why those links are significant .
Tangram wants to improve upon these methods , as well as investigate the effectiveness of other detection links such as “ collective inferencing , ” which attempt to create suspicion scores of entire networks of people simultaneously .
Data mining for terrorists has always been a dumb idea .
And the existence of Tangram illustrates the problem with Congress trying to stop a program by killing its funding ; it just comes back under a different name .
Posted on October 31 , 2006 at 6:59 AM • 33 Comments
ある分散コンピューティングプロジェクトが、第2次世界大戦中にドイツ軍の暗号機「Enigma」で暗号化され、これまで未解読だったメッセージの解読に、終戦後60年を経て成功した。
こ のM4 Projectは 、Enigmaで作成した3つの原文を解読する目的で1月上旬に始まった。これらのメッセージは、1942年に傍受したものの、連合軍が解読していなかったとされる。
写真提供 ：Michael Kanellos
これらのメッセージは、4ローター式のEnigmaを使って暗号化されている。膨大な数の組み合わせ（2×10の145乗）を設定し、それぞれがテキストメッセージを異なる形で暗号化できるため、ドイツでは、この機種で作成された暗号文は解読不可能だと考えられていた。
英 Bletchley Park研究所の暗号技術者たちは 、Alan Turing指揮のもと初期のコンピュータを開発し、同時に設定可能な数を力作業で絞り込むことにより、Enigmaを何とか解読していた。
M4の主催者らによると、彼らが開発したオープンソースのメッセージ解読アプリケーションは、3つのメッセージのうち1つを先週始めに解読したという。
このメッセージは以下のような内容だった。
無線信 号1851/19/252：「 F T 1132/19内容：攻撃中緊急潜水。対潜爆弾。最終敵位置0830時、対妨信9863、（方向）220度、（速度）8ノット。（敵）追跡中。（気圧計）14 mb低下、（風向）北北西、（風力）4、視界10（海里）」
同プロジェクトの主催者らは最初のメッセージ解読にあたり、暗号化されたメッセージについて4ローター式Enigmaで考えられるすべての設定を、いわゆる力ずくでテストした。しかし、使用した設定には、マシンのローターで処理を始める前にオペレーターが2つの文字を入れ替えることのできる配線盤部分が含まれていなかったという。
Living on lead
Enlarge Image
The Blacksmith Institute says three of the hotspots are in Russia , with the remainder dotted in various countries .
Heavy metals such as lead are the main sources of pollution , with 10 million people affected across the locations .
The institute surveyed scientists and environmental bodies across the world to compile its list , and is running clean - up projects in some of the sites .
The charity has focused largely on locations where people are affected by the pollution .
" A particular concern of all these cases is the accumulating and long lasting burden building up in the environment and in the bodies of the people most directly affected , " said the institute 's director Richard Fuller .
Ulcers on this child are probably caused by pollutants
" In countries where life expectancies may be half that of the richest nations , the unfortunates in these areas do not even survive that long or if they do , it is in suffering . "
Research by UN agencies suggests about 20 % of premature deaths worldwide may be attributable to environmental factors .
Urgency needed
Chernobyl , site of the best known industrial accident in recent years , is on the list ; but the remainder would be largely unknown to the uninitiated .
They include :
Dzerzhinsk in Russia , a Cold War chemical weapons site
Linfen , heart of China 's coal industry
Kabwe in Zambia , site for mining and smelting of metals including lead
Haina in the Dominican Republic , where battery recycling and smelting have left huge concentrations of lead in residents
Ranipet in India , where more than 3 m people are affected by tannery waste
" The most important thing is to achieve some practical progress in dealing with these polluted places , " said Dave Hanrahan , Blacksmith Institute 's chief of global operations .
Dzerzinsk , once a major site of chemical weapons manufacture
" Our goal is to instil a sense of urgency about tackling these priority sites . "
The institute is involved in starting remediation programmes in about half of the 10 sites , and hopes to stimulate action in the others .
In some cases , remediation means installing new plant such as water purifiers .
In others , the top priority is to educate people , particularly children , so they avoid heavily contaminated sites .
Beyond the top 10 , there are a further 25 sites around the world requiring swift action , the institute believes .
Just another Ruby porter ,
〜 2006年6月上旬 〜
558通 。Gmail側約5000スレッド。微妙に増えた。 なんか最近Gmailのspam判定が甘いような。日本語のspamが目立つ。
Vimでバイナリファイルを編集するにはいくつか方法がある。
: help edit - binary すると - bオプションかset binary せよとある。 set display=uhex とすれば表示できない文字も16進数で表示される。
< Nul > characters are shown on the screen as ^ You can enter them with " CTRL -V CTRL - or " CTRL - V 000 " { Vi cannot handle < Nul > characters in the file}
コード はCTRL-V x0fとかすれば16進数でも入力できる。 いちいちCTRL-Vって打つのが面倒であるが。
そこで真打。 : help xxdを参照 。
If one has a particular extension that one uses for binary files ( such as exe , bin , etc ) , you may find it helpful to automate the process with the following bit of autocmds for your <.vimrc > .
Change that " *. bin " to whatever comma-separated list of extension (s ) you find yourself wanting to edit : >
とあって、以下を.vimrcへ追加しろとある。
" vim - b : edit binary using xxd-format !
augroup Binary au ! au BufReadPre *.bin let &bin=1 au BufReadPost *.bin if &bin | %!xxd au BufReadPost *.bin set ft=xxd | endif au BufWrite Pre *.bin if &bin | %!xxd -r au BufWrite Pre *.bin endif au BufWritePost *.bin if &bin | %!xxd au BufWritePost *.bin set nomod | endif augroup END
すばらしい。これで*.binという拡張子にしとけば16進ダンプ形式で編集できる。
ただxxdコマンドは2バイト単位がデフォルトなので
% echo hoge |xxd 0000000 : 686 f 6765 0a hoge .
となってしまう。やっぱ1バイト単位のほうがわかりやすいので
" vim - b : edit binary using xxd-format !
augroup Binary au ! au BufReadPre *.bin let &bin=1 au BufReadPost *.bin if &bin | silent %!xxd -g 1 au BufReadPost *.bin set ft=xxd | endif au BufWrite Pre *.bin if &bin | %!xxd -r au BufWrite Pre *.bin endif au BufWritePost *.bin if &bin | silent %!xxd -g 1 au BufWritePost *.bin set nomod | endif augroup END
のようにxxdコマンドの実行に-g 1を追加。
% echo hoge |xxd -g 1 0000000 : 68 6 f 67 65 0a hoge .
こんな感じになる。 silent は 「 続けるに はENTERを押すかコマンドを入力してください 」 というメッセージで止まるのを抑止。 右側のアスキー文字列を編集しても無効なので注意。
Apple Computer has concluded an internal investigation into backdated stock options and found that while CEO Steve Jobs was aware of the practice , he did not personally benefit from it .
Over the summer , we learned that Apple had engaged in backdating and springloading stock options in an attempt to increase the value of stock option grants .
Such practices are frowned upon by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Apple 's practice of backdating stock options began in 1997 and continued into January 2002 .
The company says that 15 stock option grants during that time period appear to have been backdated , but that no members of Apple 's " current management team " engaged in any misconduct around the options .
However , Apple says there are " serious concerns " surrounding actions taken by two former officers in connection to the problems .
One of those two may be former CFO Fred Anderson , who served from 1996 to 2004 , and whose resignation from Apple 's Board of Directors was announced today .
Jobs issued an apology to Apple shareholders and employees , saying that the problems " which happend on my watch " are " completely out of character for Apple . "
He added that the company " will now work to resolve the remaining issues as quickly as possible and to put the proper remedial measures in place to ensure that this never happens again . "
Apple is not the only company to be busted for backdating stock options .
Both Dell and Novell have also recently received delisting notices from NASDAQ after failing to file quarterly 10 - Q reports with the SEC .
Those filings , like Apple 's , were delayed by investigations into backdating .
All three companies will be forced to restate earnings for the periods in question , which can be a laborious and time - consuming process .
It is possible that Apple could face more than a slap on the hand from the SEC , as in some instances , backdating and springloading options can result in criminal charges of fraud .
Apple has turned over its findings to the SEC , including those covering the the two unnamed former officers whose actions " raised serious concerns . "
There is also a chance that the stock options problem could result in Jobs ' exit from the company , but many observers believe that is unlikely , as it would not be in the best interest of either Apple or its shareholders .
Further reading :
It ’s about time someone told her to learn .
After all she has mastered the art of staring and looking clueless , but not much else .
Apparently she is honing her skills to be a better actor at The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
She must be practicing one of her new â€œdramaticâ€ faces ( pictured left ) .
Lindsay Lohan can join her , because Hohan wants to move to London to be best friends with Kate Moss .
Then Hohan and Mischa can both go to class together The O.C. style .
But then neither one could be the super sweet Summer ( Rachel Bilsonâ€™s character ) .
Maybe one can play Mischaâ€™s character , Marissa , and the other can play the mother , Julie .
Which one will be marrying a rich men for their money and which one will be the super slut / druggie ?
Only time will tell .
Drones are a perfect way for some of us to get in sync with what is happening out there in terms of technology .
However , not all of them are as efficient as we would all think .
There are various types of drones which happen to have different uses .
While some of us are on the verge of trying to figure them out , the rest of us are already professionally acquainted on the same .
The tough part is that some of them are a bit technically involved and designed .
Trying to understand them would be quite a major challenge .
On the bright side , there are ways in which you can familiarize yourself with all the drones that are available .
One of them is the internet and its rich sources .
Credible Sources
Drones are a bit on the downside when it comes to getting information on them .
They come in various sizes and shapes , and you might be forced to learn each one of them to the core to avoid messing things up .
In case of any technicalities that you might not be too familiar with , there are sources in the form of sites that you can visit .
This is where certified professionals take their time and give their much - needed advice on some matters that have to do with technology .
Most of them have dealt with drones long enough to know what they entail .
The encouraging bit is that you get to learn something new in case you are not too sure of what to do .
﻿
The Latest Gadgets
Drones keep making trendy introductions into the market .
As a result , this has posed a real challenge to everyone that is passionate about them .
It might only sound complex when you are hearing about it for the first time .
Things become more interesting when you learn about the features that each of these drones possess .
Besides , you will never really know how everything else works when you do n’t explore .
The Speed
This has got to be the feature that makes people all the more exciting .
Even better , you can adjust the speed to the one that you are more comfortable with .
For the longest time , it has been believed that the best drone is the one with a relatable speed .
Before making your purchase , be sure to read through all the guidelines from various sources presented to you .
Credible Features
Drones have been with us for the longest time possible .
It might come as a surprise to some of us that not everyone is familiar with the features that a good drone should possess .
For instance , something as simple as being able to adjust the speed through the controls is not as obvious to some of us .
It all depends on the type of drone that you settle for .
Digging deeper into the technical issues might be a bit confusing for some of us .
There are experts who are knowledgeable on all that has to do with drones .
Up - To-Date
It would not make any sense to operate a gadget that you are not too familiar with .
Get your facts right first .…
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
Trees have the longest lifespan of all organisms .
Grass makes up 26 % of plant life on earth .
Banana “ trees ” are actually herbs .
Around 120 plant species are hallucinogenic .
The different colors of roses have their own special symbolism .
The Amazon rainforest supplies 50 % of the world ’s oxygen .
Algae are found underwater and they produce the majority of the oxygen for the marine animals .
Daisies come in all colors , except blue .
Transpiration is the process where plants take water from the ground through their roots and release them back into the atmosphere .
65 % – 80 % of the global population use plant - based medicine as their primary form of healthcare .
Orchid flowers are symmetrical .
They can be divided into two equal looking parts .
The Aloe Vera is a versatile plant .
It is grown for medicinal , agricultural and decorative purposes .
Spices come from other parts such as seeds , berries , stems , barks , roots or bulbs .
Wood from the mahogany tree is popular due to its fine texture and beautiful color .
Its wood is usually used to make musical instruments and furniture .
Maple syrup is primarily made from three species of maple trees ; the sugar maple , the black maple , and the red maple .
Daisies and sunflowers are actually cousins !
This probably explains why they look alike .
The Four Gentlemen in China , also known as Four Noble Ones , refers to the plum , the orchid , the bamboo , and the chrysanthemum .
Japan ’s national flower is the cherry blossom , or more commonly known as sakura .
The peak of the cherry blossoms is usually around April .
Fir trees are natural Christmas trees .
They are evergreen and they can live for more than 500 years .
Baby ’s breath are grown locally all around the world ; Australia , Asia , Africa , Europe , and the Pacific .
Table of Contents 01
You can make more than 170,000 pencils from one average - sized tree .
02 Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age .
03 The largest living structure on the planet is the Great Barrier Reef. 04 A coffee plant can use caffeine as a pesticide .
05 Lightning hits oak trees more than any other type of tree .
06 The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree .
07 The pod of an orchid provides us with vanilla flavouring .
08 Right now , there are over 300,000 identified plant species in the world .
09 Tulips were very valuable in the 1600s .
10 1730 was the year the first botanical garden opened .
11 The scientific method of determining the age of a tree is dendrochronology .
12 The majority of plant life is in the ocean .
13
The country of Brazil is the only country named after a tree .
14 Aspirin came from plants .
15 Sports bats make use of wood from different types of trees .
16 The rose family is one of 6 economically important crop plant families .
17 The Arctic tundra hosts around 1,700 species of plants .
18 Pando is the oldest surviving tree .
19 The dwarf willow is the smallest tree .
20 Scientists were able to grow a 32,000 - year - old plant .
21 The rafflesia is the biggest flower .
22 Dandelions are edible .
23
All tea varieties come from the same plant .
24 A good lawn can increase a house 's value by up to 20 % .
25 A 2,500 square foot lawn produces enough oxygen for a four - person family .
26 Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal .
27 Watermeal is the world ’s smallest flowering plant .
28 Dawsonia is the tallest moss .
29
The corpse flower is the tallest flower .
30 Mushrooms are n’t plants .
31 Out of 1750 cacti species , 1749 are only found in America .
32 A poison garden in England is full of venomous plants .
33 White baneberries look like doll eyes .
34 There ’s a plant that looks like stones .
35 Amber is a fossilised resin from ancient trees .
36 68 % of plant species are endangered .
37 Over half of all plant species are native to only one country .
38 The world 's smallest seeds are from epiphytic orchids .
39
The coco de mer is the largest seed in the world .
40 Certain plants are going extinct much faster than we anticipated .
41 Only a percentage of areas that are rich in plant life has protection .
42 90 % of the food that humans consume comes from 30 plants .
43 Baseball plants are exactly what they ’re called .
44 Redwoods are the tallest trees .
45 The fastest - growing woody plant in the world is the bamboo .
46 A lily can reproduce from seeds , bulbs , and tissue cultures .
47 Rubber can only be acquired from 6 - year old trees .
48 Good landscaping can increase the value of a house by up to 20 % .
49 Scientists can’t explain what causes four - leafed clovers .
50 Bamboos are a form of grass .
51 Carnivorous plants make up only 0.2 % of flowering plants .
52 Plants prevent erosion and landslides .
53 80 % of the world ’s forests have already vanished from the planet .
54 About 80,000 plant species are edible .
55 Herbs come strictly from the leaves of a plant .
56 A sunflower has many tiny flowers .
57 The Gingko Biloba is one of the oldest tree species on the planet .
58 Pennisetum purpureum is more commonly referred to as elephant grass .
59 The tobacco plant can be hazardous if harvested when wet .
60 Nicotine is poisonous to insects .
61 Lignins are what make the wood of trees its stiffness .
62 The world ’s most dangerous tree is the manchineel .
63 Peanuts are not nuts .
64 The garlic mustard is a member of only one family .
65 The snapdragon closely resembles the head of a dragon .
66 The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm .
67 In Greek , the Iris flower translates to rainbow .
68 Dogwood trees are short .
69 The wishbone flower is an annual plant found in the Linderniaceae family .
70 Poinsettias are native to Mexico .
71 Photosynthesis is a process that helps plants make their food .
72
The first records of edible flowers dates back to 140 BC .
73
You can use many known plants as natural dyes .
74 A plant that consumes rats is in the Philippines .
75 Plants have the ability to recognise their siblings .
76
The chemicals found in freshly cut grass can relieve stress .
77 The tallest basil plant was 3.34 meters .
78
The smell of freshly cut grass is the grass screaming in distress .
79 An Australian plant called Gympie can sting you .
You can make more than 170,000 pencils from one average - sized tree .
The most commonly used wood in making pencils come from the Cedar tree .
A larger than average - sized tree can provide enough wood to make around 300,000 pencils .
Manufacturers make over 14 billion pencils annually .
Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age .
While all oak trees produce acorns , they are not acorn trees .
Some species of oak trees , such as the pin oak , can produce its first few acorns at a much younger age .
A fully matured oak tree can produce over 10,000 acorns in a year .
The largest living structure on the planet is the Great Barrier Reef .
This structure spans over 200 km long .
It is also considered as one of the world ’s most extraordinary natural wonders .
This living structure is also the only reef you can see from outer space .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
A coffee plant can use caffeine as a pesticide .
Caffeine works well as a natural pesticide .
It can effectively eliminate insects that feed its plants .
For humans , it works well as a stimulant that helps keep us awake and restore alertness .
Only some plants can benefit and grow faster from caffeine .
Lightning hits oak trees more than any other type of tree .
This is mostly because oak trees grow taller than any other long - living tree .
Oaks also have deep central root systems which make them better quality conductors .
When a tree is struck by lightning , the liquids inside of the tree turn into gas and causes the bark to explode .
The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree .
This tree can store between 1,000 - 120,000 liters of water in its large trunk .
It can also provide clothing , shelter , and food .
The baobab tree is native to the African Savannah .
The pod of an orchid provides us with vanilla flavouring .
The vanilla orchid is a vine - like plant that grows upwards on trees .
This vine can grow a length of 30 feet long .
The vanilla pod is a shriveled black bean grounded into powder .
We use it for extracts and flavouring .
Right now , there are over 300,000 identified plant species in the world .
Scientists have identified that over 94 % of plant species are flowering plants .
However , more species of plants have gone extinct since 1753 .
Botanists have found that there have been around 571 seed - bearing plant species that have gone extinct around the world .
Tulips were very valuable in the 1600s .
During this time , tulips were worth more than gold .
This flower was very popular during festivals and eventually became a form of currency .
This eventually led to the famous Tulip mania which caused the crash of the Dutch economy .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
1730 was the year the first botanical garden opened .
This garden devoted its resources to study and conserve plants .
Research has found that botanical gardens play an important role in sustaining human needs .
Today , an estimated 1775 botanical gardens are open in over 48 different countries .
The scientific method of determining the age of a tree is dendrochronology .
This method calculates the age of a tree by counting the number of rings it has on the trunk when cut .
This study also aids in the research of its environment and climate in times of history by analyzing the wood .
People used this method during the early years of the 20th century .
The majority of plant life is in the ocean .
About 85 % of all plant life on the planet is in the ocean .
Over 228,450 known species live in the ocean .
Around 2 million more species remain undiscovered .
Ocean plants include common species such as kelp , seagrass , phytoplankton , and algae .
The country of Brazil is the only country named after a tree .
It is after the indigenous brazilwood tree harvested to get a red- coloured dye .
This dye is often shipped for use in Europe .
Ironically , Brazil ’s national tree is the Pau Brasil and not the brazilwood tree .
Aspirin came from plants .
The ancient Egyptians used willow bark as an all - around herbal remedy .
The salicylic acid that gives this bark its healing component is also found in jasmine , beans , peas , clover , certain grasses and trees .
Sports bats make use of wood from different types of trees .
A cricket bat uses the wood from a willow tree .
A baseball bat is from the wood of a hickory tree .
Maple is one of the hardest and most dense woods that baseball bats use .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
The rose family is one of 6 economically important crop plant families .
This family includes well - enjoyed fruits such as apples , pears , peaches , cherries , and plums .
This family also includes quinces , almonds , strawberries , and raspberries .
This is one of the most important crop plant families because of the abundant products it is capable of producing .
The Arctic tundra hosts around 1,700 species of plants .
Plants in the Arctic might seem impossible because of the unforgiving climate .
However , there are a handful of plants that thrive in its permafrost .
These plants have distinctly shallow root systems due to the freezing of the topsoil .
Pando is the oldest surviving tree .
Well , trees , if we ’re being specific .
Pando is a massive clonal colony of quaking aspens in the Fishlake National Forest of Utah .
Estimates say the tree colony is over 80,000 years old , making it the oldest plant in the world .
Though Pando appears to be a grove of individual trees , they share the same root system and genes .
Pando is continuously growing – old , fallen trees are replaced by new ones .
Pando is also the most massive known living organism on Earth at 106 acres and weighing more than 6 million kg .
Though Pando thrives to this day , Pando faces threats .
Upon close monitoring , researchers found that Pando is no longer growing new shoots .
The dwarf willow is the smallest tree .
This is also known as the Salix Herbacea and it is one of the smallest woody plants in the world .
Because of this , it is the smallest tree .
It typically grows to only 2 ” in height with round , shiny green leaves 0.8 ” long and wide .
Scientists were able to grow a 32,000 - year - old plant .
In 2012 , Russian scientists reproduced an extinct plant dating back to the Ice Age .
They recovered seeds of the Arctic Siberian Campion plant from prehistoric squirrel burrows .
Siberian permafrost preserved these seeds .
The rafflesia is the biggest flower .
Also known as the monster flower , the rafflesia is the biggest flower .
Rafflesia reaches a width of over 3 ft .
No one knows what the spikes at its center are for , nor trace this plant ’s genetic origins .
Currently , scientists have not been able to reproduce it .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Dandelions are edible .
The dandelion is edible and rich in antioxidants that boost the immune system .
European settlers originally introduced it into the U.S. as a salad green , but now people consider it a weed .
This is also one of the most recognizable weeds that are edible .
All tea varieties come from the same plant .
Camellia Sinensis is more commonly known as the tea shrub .
The same way that all wine comes from grapes , most teas come from this one plant .
The only difference between different types of teas is its processing methods .
A good lawn can increase a house 's value by up to 20 % .
Keeping your greens healthy can boost the chances of you selling your residence for a bit more than you ’d get for a Sahara - esque lawn .
A 2,500 square foot lawn produces enough oxygen for a four - person family .
Plants can provide oxygen through a process called photosynthesis .
The amount of oxygen in a 50 ft x 60 ft lawn is enough to supply enough oxygen for a family of 4 .
The average - sized lawn can catch up to 300 pounds of carbon per year .
Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal .
These plant species provide herbal remedies needed for certain ailments .
Ginger , onion , and oregano are a few plants that have a purpose beyond our kitchens and culinary ventures .
These plants either heal , relieve , or improve the body ’s condition .
Watermeal is the world ’s smallest flowering plant .
The world ’s smallest plant is watermeal or Wolffia globosa .
It is a distinctive bright green and the size of a rice grain .
Watermeal is from the genus of aquatic plants known as duckweeds .
The Wolffia also bears the smallest fruit .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Dawsonia is the tallest moss .
The Dawsonia Superba is a large moss , growing to 23.6 ” in height .
It is the tallest moss in the world .
It is commonly found in New Zealand , Australia , and New Guinea .
The corpse flower is the tallest flower .
The Titan arum plant known for its morbid smell and colouration grows from 10 - 15 ft .
Its leaves can reach a width of 13 ft .
The tallest bloom recorded for a corpse flower is 10 ft 2.25 ” tall .
Mushrooms are n’t plants .
Mushrooms belong to the kingdom Fungi , which also includes yeasts , rusts , mildew , and mold .
Mushrooms are often confused for plants because of their plantlike form .
Out of 1750 cacti species , 1749 are only found in America .
The Mistletoe Cactus is the only cactus naturally found outside America .
There are theories that suggest that bird migration brought these seeds outside the Americas .
Another theory cites the continental drift theory .
Some , however , simply say that it was human trade that got these cacti so far away from their brothers .
A poison garden in England is full of venomous plants .
The Alnwick Garden is a garden complex by Alnwick Castle in Northumberland , England .
The authorities revived these historic gardens at some point , and added Poison Garden in 2005 .
The garden exhibits deadly plants as well as narcotic plants such as marijuana , coca , and opium poppies .
White baneberries look like doll eyes .
Roots and berries are the most fatal parts of the baneberry , but it is toxic as a whole .
The berries are also very bitter .
Once ingested , a person will experience complications such as stomach cramps and dizziness .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
There ’s a plant that looks like stones .
Lithops are succulent plants that are a part of the ice plant family , Aizoaceae .
It is native to Southern Africa .
These plants distinctly resemble stones or rocks , which explains its namesake .
Amber is a fossilised resin from ancient trees .
Tree resin “ heals ” damage such as broken branches or blows to the tree ’s surface .
Amber is the crystallized version of this resin .
Amber is aromatic and can drip down trees .
68 % of plant species are endangered .
Over half of all plant species are now classified as endangered .
Prairie orchids , rafflesia , and Texas wild rice are only a few plant species endangered by climate change .
Unlike animals , plants cannot move to new habitats so they get exposed to deteriorating conditions .
Over half of all plant species are native to only one country .
There ’s a big chance that a plant you encounter in one country is n’t anywhere else .
This shows that we should preserve these rare plants .
Properly caring for these plant life will also keep them from going extinct .
The world 's smallest seeds are from epiphytic orchids .
These seeds are produced by certain epiphytic orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) in tropical rainforests .
These seeds cannot be seen by the naked eye at only 1/300th of an inch ( 85 micrometers ) long .
The coco de mer is the largest seed in the world .
The seed of a palm tree reaches about 12 ” long and weighing up to 18 kg .
The government of Seychelles protect this seed because of its rarity .
This seed is also known by its other name , the lodoicea .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Certain plants are going extinct much faster than we anticipated .
This is mostly due to climate change , deforestation , and other industrial efforts .
Experts believe that certain species of plants are going extinct 1,000 to 10,000 times faster than they naturally would .
This is bad because most of our products and resources come from plants .
Only a percentage of areas that are rich in plant life has protection .
The Amazon and the Galapagos are only a couple out of the many bio -diverse areas on Earth .
Other areas with forests and smaller plant life are usually cut down or destroyed to make way for urban construction .
Governments protect and preserve areas because they are ecologically and culturally valuable .
90 % of the food that humans consume comes from 30 plants .
Rice , maize , and wheat comprise 2/3 of human food consumption .
These three are the main staple crops of today ’s food energy intake .
Rice feeds almost half of humanity .
Baseball plants are exactly what they ’re called .
The baseball plant is a succulent plant belonging to the spurge family .
This is commonly found in the Cape province of South Africa .
It gets its name from its distinct resemblance to the ball used in the beloved sport .
It grows in a subtropical climate , on hillsides and stony areas , surrounded by dwarf bushes .
Redwoods are the tallest trees .
These trees reach over heights of 350 ft .
The tallest living tree in the world is Hyperion at 380 ft.
Hyperion is a coast redwood in California .
Redwoods can grow to a diameter of 24 ft , and weight of 726,000 kg .
The fastest - growing woody plant in the world is the bamboo .
Bamboo grows a little over an inch in length each hour , and 35 inches in one day .
This plant commonly grows in tropical countries such as Southeast Asia and South America .
There are around a total of 1000 bamboo species today .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
A lily can reproduce from seeds , bulbs , and tissue cultures .
Lilies can also reproduce both sexually and asexually .
White and tiger lilies are famous for their good smell .
You can also use some species of lilies for food .
Rubber can only be acquired from 6 - year old trees .
The rubber tree ’s milky latex wax can only be industrial rubber after the tree has reached 6 years of age .
You can get latex from the tree through a process called rubber tapping .
Although over 200 plants around the world produce latex , most of the world ’s natural rubber comes from the rubber tree .
Good landscaping can increase the value of a house by up to 20 % .
Keeping your greens healthy can boost the chances of you selling your residence .
Unlike other remodeling projects , landscaping can give you a 100 - 200 % return on your investments .
With this in mind , you should get an idea of how to attain a green thumb .
Scientists can’t explain what causes four - leafed clovers .
The common explanation for this phenomenon is that the clover experienced a mutation of recessive genes .
This is a typically rare occurrence .
Some cultures believe that finding a four - leaf clover will bring you luck .
Bamboos are a form of grass .
Because of the great lengths , bamboo can grow , they are the largest members of the grass family .
In total , there are around 91 genera and over 1000 bamboo species .
This plant is more commonly found in tropical countries such as southeast Asia .
Carnivorous plants make up only 0.2 % of flowering plants .
The most famous carnivorous plant is the Venus Flytraps .
Pitcher plants are also known to trap and digest their prey completely .
Most of these plants enjoy growing in acidic bogs or sandy soils .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Plants prevent erosion and landslides .
They can do this by keeping the soil around them firm with their roots .
Crops such as rye and clover are good choices for erosion control .
When tilled back into the soil , the nutrient density increases .
80 % of the world ’s forests have already vanished from the planet .
According to National Geographic , only about 30 % of the world ’s landmass are forests .
Each year , the Earth continues to lose about 18.7 million acres of forest .
This is equivalent to about 27 soccer fields per minute .
About 80,000 plant species are edible .
However , in the present - day , only 150 species are regularly cultivated .
30 of these products make up 95 % of the human ’s usual calorie and protein intake .
If a plant tastes very bitter or soapy , it means it is not edible .
Herbs come strictly from the leaves of a plant .
A few examples are mint , basil , sage , and parsley .
Generally , these plants have medicinal and flavouring purposes .
Herbs also have a variety of other uses apart from this .
A sunflower has many tiny flowers .
This beautiful yellow flower is a large inflorescence .
This means that its head has many tiny flowers referred to as florets .
When these ripen , they become the seeds of the sunflower .
The Gingko Biloba is one of the oldest tree species on the planet .
This species of trees dates back to over 250 million years ago .
Researchers believe that Ginko can significantly improve cognitive function .
However , it does not ensure that it can improve one ’s memory .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Pennisetum purpureum is more commonly referred to as elephant grass .
This grass is a species of perennial tropical grass that is native to African grasslands .
This grass has low nutrient and water intake which is why it is more commonly found in lands not cultivated .
Elephant grass got its name because it grows tall enough for adult elephants to hide in .
The tobacco plant can be hazardous if harvested when wet .
This can cause green tobacco sickness .
You can get this type of nicotine poisoning by the dermal absorption of nicotine from the surface of wet tobacco plants .
Symptoms often include vomiting , headaches , and increased heart rates .
Nicotine is poisonous to insects .
The tobacco plant has a power neurotoxin that dangerous for insects .
While many other plants also have this , the concentration of nicotine in the tobacco plant is much higher than any other .
This plant is relatively easy to grow but in some areas , it has become an invasive weed .
Lignins are what make the wood of trees its stiffness .
These are important cell wall formations in the wood because they do not rot easily .
Chemically , this is cross - linked to phenolic polymers .
Lignin forms about 30 % of non-fossil organic carbon and up to 35 % of mass wood .
The world ’s most dangerous tree is the manchineel .
This is native to the tropical southern North American and northern South America .
Every part of the tree contains toxins that can cause blisters and skin breakouts on human skin just from touch .
Blindness can also occur if it touches a person ’s eyes .
Most of these trees now have warning signs or an X to indicate its dangers .
Peanuts are not nuts .
In technicality , peanuts are legumes .
Real nuts grow on trees while peanuts are only grown in pods that mature underground .
Other legumes include peas and lentils .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
The garlic mustard is a member of only one family .
It is a member of the mustard family .
Garlic mustard is a biennial plant that has a life span of two years .
The garlic mustard is not a member of the garlic family .
The snapdragon closely resembles the head of a dragon .
Squeezing the sides of the flower will cause the dragon ’s mouth to open and close .
These flowers are natively found in the rocky areas of Europe and the Americas .
Snapdragon flowers profusely bloom under the full sun .
The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm .
This name refers to the seeds that are borne in capsules or fruits .
This group consists of many plants such as shrubs , grass , and most trees .
Non-flowering plants are in the as gymnosperm category .
In Greek , the Iris flower translates to rainbow .
Iris was also known to be the goddess of the rainbow in ancient Greek Mythology .
Its name refers to the wide variety of colours the flower found among its species .
Iris can also translate to ‘ messenger ’ .
Dogwood trees are short .
Dogwood trees rarely grow above 25 feet in height .
They are a type of flowering tree and are native to temperate areas of North America and Eurasia .
The wishbone flower is an annual plant found in the Linderniaceae family .
This flower is also known as the torenia fournieri .
When fully grown , it is about 12 - 15 inches tall .
To care for this flower , the soil should remain moist but not soggy .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
Poinsettias are native to Mexico .
This flower is a commercially imported plant species that comes from the spurge family .
It is well known for its vivid red color and is more commonly used for Christmas displays .
Typically these flowers can stay in bloom for about six months .
Photosynthesis is a process that helps plants make their food .
The process requires plants to absorb sunlight to synthesise foods from carbon dioxide and water around the area .
Plants that are normally green pigment generate oxygen as a byproduct .
This is important because all living things on the planet require oxygen to survive .
The first records of edible flowers dates back to 140 BC .
Plants such as rosewater and orange flower water are commonly used until today in many middle eastern homes .
Other edible flowers include the hibiscus , pansies , certain roses , and violets .
However , you should always take caution when consuming any unfamiliar plant as they could be deadly to the human body .
You can use many known plants as natural dyes .
The oldest blue dye comes from the woad plant used since the neolithic period .
Berries and roots can also dye cloth .
People consider natural dyes better because they do not contain any harmful chemicals .
A plant that consumes rats is in the Philippines .
Scientists have discovered this rat eating pitcher plant in the Philippines in the year 2009 .
This newly discovered pitcher plant is one of the biggest carnivorous plants on the planet .
Plants have the ability to recognise their siblings .
They do this through the use of chemical signals they secreted from their roots .
These plants often give their family members parental treatment and compete for resources less .
This is more common from plants that grow from the same seed or mother .
Read also : Top 20 Fun Facts about Trees Food Biology Species More
The chemicals found in freshly cut grass can relieve stress .
The leafy plants release a chemical called green leaf volatiles .
This chemical is only found in freshly cut grass .
Once cutting grass , you can leave its clippings as - is for it to act as a natural fertiliser .
The tallest basil plant was 3.34 meters .
It grew to a total height of 3.34 meters .
It was also grown by a woman in Greece by the name of Anastasia Grigoraki .
This basil plant converts to about 10ft and 11.5 inches tall .
The smell of freshly cut grass is the grass screaming in distress .
This smell is a chemical that grass uses to call other critters to come and rescue them .
The chemical compounds the plant releases can also poison an enemy and alert surrounding plants .
Scientifically , this means that the smell we pick up is the way that the grass signals it ‘ feels ’ pain .
Speaking on US TV , he said conflicts in Lebanon , Iraq and the Palestinian territories could spin out of control .
King Abdullah is this week hosting both the US president and the Iraqi prime minister for talks against a backdrop of escalating violence in Iraq .
The issue will also feature when the Iraqi president visits Iran on Monday .
The trip was due to take place at the weekend , but was delayed due to the curfew imposed in Baghdad after a series of deadly car bombings last week - the bloodiest attacks since the US - led invasion of 2003 .
Pedestrians were allowed back on to the streets of the Iraqi capital on Sunday and the ban on vehicles was lifted on Monday morning .
' Three wars '
" We could possibly imagine going into 2007 and having three civil wars on our hands , " King Abdullah told ABC television .
Lebanon 's industry minister Pierre Gemayel was killed on Tuesday
King Abdullah said the central issue in the region remained the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
" Palestine is the core , " he said .
" It is linked to the extent of what 's going on in Iraq . "
" It is linked to what 's going on in Lebanon .
It is linked to the issues that we find ourselves with the Syrians .
So , if you want to do comprehensive - comprehensive means bringing all the parties of the region together . "
A ceasefire between Palestinian militant groups and the Israeli military is currently in place in Gaza .
Under the deal , which came into effect on Sunday , militant groups have promised to end rocket attacks and Israel has agreed to halt hostilities .
But three rockets were fired into Israel after the ceasefire began and Israel , while pledging restraint , has also warned that military operations in Gaza will resume if the rockets do not stop .
And on Monday in the West Bank a Palestinian militant and a woman were killed in an Israeli operation , Israeli and Palestinian officials said .
In Lebanon , tensions between pro- and anti-Syrian groups in parliament have also escalated following the killing on Tuesday of Industry Minister Pierre Gemayel .
Many Lebanese accuse Damascus of orchestrating the murder of the 34 - year - old Maronite Christian politician , although Syria explicitly denies any involvement .
Bigger picture
King Abdullah will host US President George W Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki in Amman later this week .
He said the US should look at the big picture in seeking a resolution to the problems in Iraq and bring in all of the region , including Syria and Iran .
America needs to look at it in the total picture - it's not just one issue by itself
King Abdullah of Jordan
Send us your comments
He said if a regional peace process did not develop soon , " there wo n't be anything to talk about " .
Pressure is growing on the Bush administration to include Iran and Syria in helping curb the violence in neighbouring Iraq .
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani is heading for Tehran on Monday for talks aimed at securing Tehran 's aid in calming the sectarian violence .
Last week there was talk of a summit convened by Iran to discuss Iraq involving the presidents of Syria , Iraq and Iran , says the BBC's Frances Harrison in Teheran .
This was an idea which caused huge interest because of US suggestions that it might be time to have direct talks with Iran and Syria on Iraq .
But such talks look unlikely now , our correspondent adds .
On Sunday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said his government would be prepared to assist if the US stops " bullying " Tehran , which rejects Washington 's allegations that it is seeking to build nuclear weapons .
Papers
The references are also available in BibTeX format .
Linear dependent type theory for quantum programming languages
With Peng Fu and Kohei Kishida .
In Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM / IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science ( LICS 2020 ) , Saarbrücken , Germany , pp. 440–453 , 2020 .
A video of our talk is also available : Video .
Abstract : Modern quantum programming languages integrate quantum resources and classical control .
They must , on the one hand , be linearly typed to reflect the no-cloning property of quantum resources .
On the other hand , high - level and practical languages should also support quantum circuits as first - class citizens , as well as families of circuits that are indexed by some classical parameters .
Quantum programming languages thus need linear dependent type theory .
This paper defines a general semantic structure for such a type theory via certain fibrations of monoidal categories .
The categorical model of the quantum circuit description language Proto - Quipper - M by Rios and Selinger constitutes an example of such a fibration , which means that the language can readily be integrated with dependent types .
We then devise both a general linear dependent type system and a dependently typed extension of Proto - Quipper - M , and provide them with operational semantics as well as a prototype implementation .
A tutorial introduction to quantum circuit programming in dependently typed Proto - Quipper
With Peng Fu , Kohei Kishida , and Neil J. Ross .
To appear in Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Reversible Computation ( RC 2020 ) , Oslo , Norway , 2020 .
Abstract :
We introduce dependently typed Proto - Quipper , or Proto - Quipper - D for short , an experimental quantum circuit programming language with linear dependent types .
We give several examples to illustrate how linear dependent types can help in the construction of correct quantum circuits .
Specifically , we show how dependent types enable programming families of circuits , and how dependent types solve the problem of type - safe uncomputation of garbage qubits .
We also discuss other language features along the way .
On the mathematics of the free - choice paradigm
With Kristopher Tapp , August 2018 , 14 pages .
Abstract : Chen and Risen pointed out a logical flaw affecting the conclusions of a number of past experiments that used the free - choice paradigm to measure choice - induced attitude change .
They went on to design and implement a free - choice experiment that used a novel type of control group in order to avoid this logical pitfall .
In this paper , we describe a method by which a free - choice experiment can be correctly conducted even without a control group .
Dependently typed folds for nested data types
With Peng Fu. June 2018 , 28 pages .
Abstract :
We present an approach to develop folds for nested data types using dependent types .
We call such folds dependently typed folds .
They have the following properties .
( 1 ) Dependently typed folds are defined by well - founded recursion and they can be defined in a total dependently typed language .
( 2 ) Dependently typed folds do not depend on maps .
Map functions and many terminating functions can be defined using dependently typed folds .
( 3 ) The induction principles for nested data types follow from the definitions of dependently typed folds and the programs defined by dependently typed folds can be formally verified .
( 4 ) Dependently typed folds exist for any nested data types and they can be specialized to the traditional higher - order folds .
Using various of examples , we show how to program and reason about dependently typed folds .
We also show how to obtain dependently typed folds in general and how to specialize them to the corresponding higher - order folds .
A categorical model for a quantum circuit description language
Extended Abstract , with Francisco Rios .
In Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Quantum Physics and Logic ( QPL 2017 ) , Nijmegen .
Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science 266:164–178 , 2018 .
Abstract : Quipper is a practical programming language for describing families of quantum circuits .
In this paper , we formalize a small , but useful fragment of Quipper called Proto - Quipper - M. Unlike its parent Quipper , this language is type - safe and has a formal denotational and operational semantics .
Proto - Quipper - M is also more general than Quipper , in that it can describe families of morphisms in any symmetric monoidal category , of which quantum circuits are but one example .
We design Proto - Quipper - M from the ground up , by first giving a general categorical model of parameters and state .
The distinction between parameters and state is also known from hardware description languages .
A parameter is a value that is known at circuit generation time , whereas a state is a value that is known at circuit execution time .
After finding some interesting categorical structures in the model , we then define the programming language to fit the model .
We cement the connection between the language and the model by proving type safety , soundness , and adequacy properties .
Optimal ancilla - free Clifford +T approximation of z-rotations
With Neil J. Ross .
In Quantum Information and Computation 16( 11–12):901–953 , 2016 .
Abstract :
We consider the problem of approximating arbitrary single - qubit z-rotations by ancilla - free Clifford +
T circuits , up to given epsilon .
We present a fast new probabilistic algorithm for solving this problem optimally , i.e. , for finding the shortest possible circuit whatsoever for the given problem instance .
The algorithm requires a factoring oracle ( such as a quantum computer ) .
Even in the absence of a factoring oracle , the algorithm is still near - optimal under a mild number - theoretic hypothesis .
In this case , the algorithm finds a solution of T - count \(m + O ( \log ( \log ( 1/\epsilon ) ) ) \ ) , where m is the T - count of the second - to - optimal solution .
In the typical case , this yields circuit approximations of T - count \( 3\log_2(1/\epsilon ) + O ( \log ( \log ( 1/\epsilon ) ) ) \ ) .
Our algorithm is efficient in practice , and provably efficient under the above - mentioned number - theoretic hypothesis , in the sense that its expected runtime is \ ( O ( {\rm polylog} ( 1/\epsilon ) ) \ ) .
A finite alternation result for reversible boolean circuits
An extended abstract of this work appeared in Proceedings of the 8th Conference on Reversible Computation ( RC 2016 ) , Bologna , Italy .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 9720:271–285 , Springer , 2016 .
Abstract :
We say that a reversible boolean function on n bits has alternation depth d if it can be written as the sequential composition of d reversible boolean functions , each of which acts only on the top n−1 bits or on the bottom n−1 bits .
Moreover , if the functions on n−1 bits are even , we speak of even alternation depth .
We show that every even reversible boolean function of n ≥ 4 bits has alternation depth at most 9 and even alternation depth at most 13 .
Reversible k-valued logic circuits are finitely generated for odd k
Manuscript , April 2016 , 3 pages .
Abstract :
In his 2003 paper " Towards an algebraic theory of Boolean circuits " , Lafont notes that the class of reversible circuits over a set of k truth values is finitely generated when k is odd .
He cites a private communication for the proof .
The purpose of this short note is to make the content of that communication available .
Programming the quantum future
With Benoît Valiron , Neil J. Ross , D. Scott Alexander , and Jonathan M. Smith .
Communications of the ACM Vol. 58 No. 8 , pages 52 – 61 , 2015 .
Abstract : Quantum programming languages ( QPLs ) are an essential part of Quantum Computer Science .
The automated translation of expressive programming languages has been of immense benefit to classical computing , permitting algorithmic complexity to be managed through abstraction and modularity ; the same benefits can accrue to the emerging capabilities of quantum computing .
We present both a model of quantum computation using classical control and a set of requirements for a practical QPL .
Quipper is a QPL satisfying these requirements , and has been used to implement a variety of non-trivial quantum algorithms ; we illustrate some of its main features with examples .
Quipper : Concrete Resource Estimation in Quantum Algorithms
With Jonathan M. Smith , Neil J. Ross , and Benoît Valiron .
Extended abstract .
In 12th International Workshop on Quantitative Aspects of Programming Languages and Systems ( QAPL 2014 ) , Grenoble , France , 2014 .
Abstract : Despite the rich literature on quantum algorithms , there is a surprisingly small amount of coverage of their concrete logical design and implementation .
Most resource estimation is done at the level of complexity analysis , but actual concrete numbers ( of quantum gates , qubits , etc. ) can differ by orders of magnitude .
The line of work we present here is a formal framework to write , and reason about , quantum algorithms .
Specifically , we designed a language , Quipper , with scalability in mind , and we are able to report actual resource counts for seven non-trivial algorithms found in the quantum computer science literature .
Remarks on Matsumoto and Amano 's normal form for single - qubit Clifford + T operators
With Brett Giles .
December 2013 , 13 pages .
Abstract : Matsumoto and Amano ( 2008 ) showed that every single - qubit Clifford +
T operator can be uniquely written of a particular form , which we call the Matsumoto - Amano normal form .
In this mostly expository paper , we give a detailed and streamlined presentation of Matsumoto and Amano 's results , simplifying some proofs along the way .
We also point out some corollaries to Matsumoto and Amano 's work , including an intrinsic characterization of the Clifford + T subgroup of SO ( 3 ) , which also yields an efficient T - optimal exact single - qubit synthesis algorithm .
Interestingly , this also gives an alternative proof of Kliuchnikov , Maslov , and Mosca 's exact synthesis result for the Clifford + T subgroup of U ( 2 ) .
Applying quantitative semantics to higher - order quantum computing
With Michele Pagani and Benoît Valiron .
In Proceedings of the 41st ACM SIGPLAN - SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages ( POPL 2014 ) , San Diego , ACM SIGPLAN Notices 49(1):647–658 , January 2014 .
Abstract : Finding a denotational semantics for higher order quantum computation is a long - standing problem in the semantics of quantum programming languages .
Most past approaches to this problem fell short in one way or another , either limiting the language to an unusably small finitary fragment , or giving up important features of quantum physics such as entanglement .
In this paper , we propose a denotational semantics for a quantum lambda calculus with recursion and an infinite data type , using constructions from quantitative semantics of linear logic .
Generators and relations for n-qubit Clifford operators
The full proof of Proposition 7.1 is available as a supplement ( 105 pages ) : [ ps , pdf ] and in machine - readable form : [ txt ]
Abstract :
We define a normal form for Clifford circuits , and we prove that every Clifford operator has a unique normal form .
Moreover , we present a rewrite system by which any Clifford circuit can be reduced to normal form .
This yields a presentation of Clifford operators in terms of generators and relations .
Completely positive projections and biproducts
With Chris Heunen and Aleks Kissinger .
In Proceedings of the 10th International Workshop on Quantum Physics and Logic ( QPL 2013 ) , Barcelona .
Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science 171:71 –83 , 2014 .
Abstract :
The recently introduced CP *- construction unites quantum channels and classical systems , subsuming the earlier CPM - construction in categorical quantum mechanics .
We compare this construction to two earlier attempts at solving this problem : freely adding biproducts to CPM , and freely splitting idempotents in CPM .
The CP *- construction embeds the former , and embeds into the latter , but neither embedding is an equivalence in general .
An Introduction to Quantum Programming in Quipper
With Alexander S. Green , Peter LeFanu Lumsdaine , Neil J. Ross , and Benoît Valiron .
In Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Reversible Computation ( RC 2013 ) , Victoria , BC , Canada .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 7948:110 –124 , Springer , 2013 .
Abstract : Quipper is a recently developed programming language for expressing quantum computations .
This paper gives a brief tutorial introduction to the language , through a demonstration of how to make use of some of its key features .
We illustrate many of Quipper 's language features by developing a few well known examples of Quantum computation , including quantum teleportation , the quantum Fourier transform , and a quantum circuit for addition .
Quipper : A Scalable Quantum Programming Language
With Alexander S. Green , Peter LeFanu Lumsdaine , Neil J. Ross , and Benoît Valiron .
In Proceedings of the 34th annual ACM SIGPLAN conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation ( PLDI 2013 ) , Seattle , ACM SIGPLAN Notices 48(6):333–342 , June 2013 .
Abstract :
The field of quantum algorithms is vibrant .
Still , there is currently a lack of programming languages for describing quantum computation on a practical scale , i.e. , not just at the level of toy problems .
We address this issue by introducing Quipper , a scalable , expressive , functional , higher - order quantum programming language .
Quipper has been used to program a diverse set of non-trivial quantum algorithms , and can generate quantum gate representations using trillions of gates .
It is geared towards a model of computation that uses a classical computer to control a quantum device , but is not dependent on any particular model of quantum hardware .
Quipper has proven effective and easy to use , and opens the door towards using formal methods to analyze quantum algorithms .
Presheaf models of quantum computation : an outline
With Octavio Malherbe and Philip J. Scott .
In Bob Coecke , Luke Ong , Prakash Panangaden , editors , Computation , Logic , Games , and Quantum Foundations .
The Many Facets of Samson Abramsky .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 7860:178–194 , Springer , 2013 .
Abstract :
This paper outlines the construction of categorical models of higher - order quantum computation .
We construct a concrete denotational semantics of Selinger and Valiron 's quantum lambda calculus , which was previously an open problem .
We do this by considering presheaves over appropriate base categories arising from first - order quantum computation .
The main technical ingredients are Day 's convolution theory and Kelly and Freyd 's notion of continuity of functors .
We first give an abstract description of the properties required of the base categories for the model construction to work .
We then exhibit a specific example of base categories satisfying these properties .
Efficient Clifford +T approximation of single - qubit operators
Abstract :
We give an efficient randomized algorithm for approximating an arbitrary element of SU ( 2 ) by a product of Clifford +
T operators , up to any given error threshold \( \epsilon > 0 \ ) .
Under a mild hypothesis on the distribution of primes , the algorithm 's expected runtime is polynomial in \ ( \log ( 1/\epsilon ) \ ) .
If the operator to be approximated is a z-rotation , the resulting gate sequence has T - count \( K+4\log_2( 1/\epsilon ) \ ) , where K is approximately equal to 10 .
We also prove a worst - case lower bound of \( K+4\log_2( 1/\epsilon ) \ ) , where K = −9 , so that our algorithm is within an additive constant of optimal for certain z-rotations .
For an arbitrary member of SU ( 2 ) , we achieve approximations with T - count \( K+12\log_2(1/\epsilon ) \ ) .
By contrast , the Solovay - Kitaev algorithm achieves T - count \ ( O ( \log^c ( 1/\epsilon ) ) \ ) , where c is approximately 3.97 .
Exact synthesis of multiqubit Clifford + T circuits
With Brett Giles .
Physical Review A 87 , 032332 ( 7 pages ) , 2013 .
Abstract :
We prove that a unitary matrix has an exact representation over the Clifford +
T gate set with local ancillas if and only if its entries are in the ring \( \mathbb { Z}[1/\sqrt{2},i ]\ ) .
Moreover , we show that one ancilla always suffices .
These facts were conjectured by Kliuchnikov , Maslov , and Mosca .
We obtain an algorithm for synthesizing a exact Clifford + T circuit from any such n-qubit operator .
We also characterize the Clifford +T operators that can be represented without ancillas .
Quantum circuits of T - depth one
Abstract :
We give a Clifford +T representation of the Toffoli gate of T - depth 1 , using four ancillas .
More generally , we describe a class of circuits whose T - depth can be reduced to 1 by using sufficiently many ancillas .
We show that the cost of adding an additional control to any controlled gate is at most 8 additional T - gates , and T - depth 2 .
We also show that the circuit THT does not possess a T - depth 1 representation with an arbitrary number of ancillas initialized to |0 〉 .
Finite dimensional Hilbert spaces are complete for dagger compact closed categories
A list of corrections is available : Errata .
An extended abstract of this work appeared in Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Quantum Physics and Logic ( QPL 2008 ) , Reykjavik .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 270(1) :113–119 , Elsevier , 2011 .
Abstract :
We show that an equation follows from the axioms of dagger compact closed categories if and only if it holds in finite dimensional Hilbert spaces .
Partially traced categories
With Octavio Malherbe and Philip J. Scott. Journal of Pure and Applied Algebra 216(12):2563–2585 , 2012 .
Abstract :
This paper deals with questions relating to Haghverdi and Scott 's notion of partially traced categories .
The main result is a representation theorem for such categories : we prove that every partially traced category can be faithfully embedded in a totally traced category .
Also conversely , every symmetric monoidal subcategory of a totally traced category is partially traced , so this characterizes the partially traced categories completely .
The main technique we use is based on Freyd 's paracategories , along with a partial version of Joyal , Street , and Verity 's Int- construction .
Autonomous categories in which \( A\cong A ^*\ )
Extended Abstract .
In Proceedings of the 7th International Workshop on Quantum Physics and Logic ( QPL 2010 ) , Oxford , pp. 151–160 , 2010 .
Abstract : Recently , there has been some interest in autonomous categories ( such as compact closed categories ) in which the objects are self - dual , in the sense that \( A\cong A^*\ ) , or even \ ( A=A ^ *\ ) , for all objects A .
In this talk , we investigate which coherence conditions should be required of such a category .
We also investigate what graphical language could be used to reason about such a category .
Quantum lambda calculus
Book chapter , with Benoît Valiron .
In Simon Gay and Ian Mackie , editors , Semantic Techniques in Quantum Computation , Cambridge University Press , pp. 135–172 , 2009 .
Abstract :
We discuss the design of a typed lambda calculus for quantum computation .
After a brief discussion of the role of higher - order functions in quantum information theory , we define the quantum lambda calculus and its operational semantics .
Safety invariants , such as the no-cloning property , are enforced by a static type system that is based on intuitionistic linear logic .
We also describe a type inference algorithm , and a categorical semantics .
© 2009 Published by Cambridge University Press .
A survey of graphical languages for monoidal categories
Book chapter .
In Bob Coecke , editor , New Structures for Physics , Lecture Notes in Physics 813:289–355 , Springer , 2011 .
Abstract :
This article is intended as a reference guide to various notions of monoidal categories and their associated string diagrams .
It is hoped that this will be useful not just to mathematicians , but also to physicists , computer scientists , and others who use diagrammatic reasoning .
We have opted for a somewhat informal treatment of topological notions , and have omitted most proofs .
Nevertheless , the exposition is sufficiently detailed to make it clear what is presently known , and to serve as a starting place for more in - depth study .
Where possible , we provide pointers to more rigorous treatments in the literature .
Where we include results that have only been proved in special cases , we indicate this in the form of caveats .
Bibliography : Because many of the references are difficult to track down , I have created a version of the bibliography with hyperlinks : [ bibliography ]
A linear - non - linear model for a computational call - by - value lambda calculus
Extended Abstract , with Benoît Valiron .
In Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Foundations of Software Science and Computation Structures ( FOSSACS 2008 ) , Budapest , Lecture Notes in Computer Science 4962:81 –96 , Springer , 2008 .
A list of corrections is available : Errata .
Abstract :
We give a categorical semantics for a call - by - value linear lambda calculus .
Such a lambda calculus was used by Selinger and Valiron as the backbone of a functional programming language for quantum computation .
One feature of this lambda calculus is its linear type system , which includes a duplicability operator " ! " as in linear logic .
Another main feature is its call - by - value reduction strategy , together with a side - effect to model probabilistic measurements .
The " ! " operator gives rise to a comonad , as in the linear logic models of Seely , Bierman , and Benton .
The side - effects give rise to a monad , as in Moggi 's computational lambda calculus .
It is this combination of a monad and a comonad that makes the present paper interesting .
We show that our categorical semantics is sound and complete .
Idempotents in dagger categories
Extended Abstract .
In Proceedings of the 4th International Workshop on Quantum Programming Languages ( QPL 2006 ) , Oxford .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 210:107–122 , Elsevier , 2008 .
Abstract : Dagger compact closed categories were studied by Abramsky and Coecke ( under the name " strongly compact closed categories " ) as an abstract presentation of the category of Hilbert spaces and linear maps , and as a framework in which to carry out the interpretation of quantum protocols .
I subsequently showed that dagger compact closed categories can also describe mixed quantum computation , where the morphisms are completely positive maps .
I introduced the CPM construction as a way to pass from the pure to the mixed setting .
One technical detail of the CPM ( C ) construction is that it does not preserve biproducts .
Therefore , to obtain an interpretation of classical types such as \( {\rm bit} = I\oplus I\ ) , one must work in the free biproduct completion \( {\bf CPM} ( {\bf C} ) ^{\oplus}\ ) .
In this paper , we show that there is another view of classical types , namely as splittings of self - adjoint idempotents on quantum types .
We show that all the objects of \( {\bf CPM} ( {\bf C} ) ^{\oplus}\ ) arise as such splittings .
On a fully abstract model for a quantum linear functional language
Extended Abstract , with Benoît Valiron .
In Proceedings of the 4th International Workshop on Quantum Programming Languages ( QPL 2006 ) , Oxford .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 210:123–137 , Elsevier , 2008 .
Abstract :
This paper studies the linear fragment of the programing language for quantum computation with classical control described in [ Selinger and Valiron , 2005 ] .
We sketch the language , and discuss equivalence of terms .
We also describe a fully abstract denotational semantics based on completely positive maps .
Tree checking for sparse complexes
With Massimo Caboara and Sara Faridi .
In Proceedings of the Second International Congress on Mathematical Software ( ICMS 2006 ) , Castro - Urdiales , Spain .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 4151:110 –121 , Springer , 2006 .
Abstract :
We detail here the sparse variant of the algorithm sketched in [ CFS ] for checking if a simplicial complex is a tree .
A full worst case complexity analysis is given and several optimizations are discussed .
The practical complexity is discussed for some examples .
Simplicial cycles and the computation of simplicial trees
With Massimo Caboara and Sara Faridi .
Journal of Symbolic Computation 42:74–88 , 2007 .
An extended abstract of this work appeared in MEGA 2005 , [ ps , ps2up , pdf ]
Abstract :
We generalize the concept of a cycle from graphs to simplicial complexes .
We show that a simplicial cycle is either a sequence of facets connected in the shape of a circle , or is a cone over such a structure .
We show that a simplicial tree is a connected cycle - free simplicial complex , and use this characterization to produce an algorithm that checks in polynomial time whether a simplicial complex is a tree .
We also present an efficient algorithm for checking whether a simplicial complex is grafted , and therefore Cohen - Macaulay .
A lambda calculus for quantum computation with classical control
With Benoît Valiron .
Mathematical Structures in Computer Science 16(3):527–552 , 2006 .
An extended abstract of this work appeared in TLCA 2005 © Springer 2005 .
[ dvi , ps , ps2up , pdf ] ( preprint )
Abstract :
In this paper , we develop a functional programming language for quantum computers , by extending the simply - typed lambda calculus with quantum types and operations .
The design of this language adheres to the " quantum data , classical control " paradigm , following the first author 's work on quantum flow - charts .
We define a call - by - value operational semantics , and we give a type system using affine intuitionistic linear logic .
The main results of this paper are the safety properties of the language and the development of a type inference algorithm .
© 2006 Peter Selinger , Benoît Valiron .
Published by Cambridge University Press .
Dagger compact closed categories and completely positive maps
Extended Abstract .
In Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Quantum Programming Languages ( QPL 2005 ) , Chicago .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 170:139 –163 , Elsevier , 2007 .
Abstract : Dagger compact closed categories were recently introduced by Abramsky and Coecke , under the name " strongly compact closed categories " , as an axiomatic framework for quantum mechanics .
We present a graphical language for dagger compact closed categories , and sketch a proof of its completeness for equational reasoning .
We give a general construction , the CPM construction , which associates to each dagger compact closed category its " category of completely positive maps " , and we show that the resulting category is again dagger compact closed .
We apply these ideas to Abramsky and Coecke 's interpretation of quantum protocols , and to D'Hondt and Panangaden 's predicate transformer semantics .
Towards a semantics for higher - order quantum computation
In Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Quantum Programming Languages , Turku , Finland .
TUCS General Publication No 33 , pp. 127–143 , June 2004 .
An expanded version ( with proofs ) is also available : [ ps , ps2up , pdf , pdf2 up ] ( 21 pages , corrected July 2011 )
Abstract :
The search for a semantics for higher - order quantum computation leads naturally to the study of categories of normed cones .
In the first part of this paper , we develop the theory of continuous normed cones , and prove some of their basic properties , including a Hahn - Banach style theorem .
We then describe two different concrete *- autonomous categories of normed cones .
The first of these categories is built from completely positive maps as in the author 's semantics of first - order quantum computation .
The second category is a reformulation of Girard 's quantum coherent spaces .
We also point out why ultimately , neither of these categories is a satisfactory model of higher - order quantum computation .
A brief survey of quantum programming languages
In Proceedings of the 7th International Symposium on Functional and Logic Programming , Nara , Japan .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 2998:1 –6 , Springer , 2004 .
Abstract :
This article is a brief and subjective survey of quantum programming language research .
Towards a quantum programming language
Abstract :
We propose the design of a programming language for quantum computing .
Traditionally , quantum algorithms are frequently expressed at the hardware level , for instance in terms of the quantum circuit model or quantum Turing machines .
These approaches do not encourage structured programming or abstractions such as data types .
In this paper , we describe the syntax and semantics of a simple quantum programming language with high - level features such as loops , recursive procedures , and structured data types .
The language is functional in nature , statically typed , free of run-time errors , and it has an interesting denotational semantics in terms of complete partial orders of superoperators .
© 2004 Published by Cambridge University Press .
Some remarks on control categories
Manuscript , June 2003 , 17 pages .
Abstract :
This paper is a collection of remarks on control categories , including answers to some frequently asked questions .
The paper is not self - contained and must be read in conjunction with Control Categories and Duality .
We clarify the definition of response categories , and show that most of the conditions can be dropped .
In particular , the requirement of having finite sums can be dropped , leading to an interesting new CPS translation of the lambda - mu - calculus .
We discuss the choice of left - to - right vs. right - to - left evaluation in the call - by - value lambda calculus , an issue which is sometimes misunderstood because it is a purely syntactical issue which is not reflected semantically .
We clarify the relationships between various alternative formulations of disjunction types and conjunction types , which coincide in call - by - value but differ in call - by - name .
We prove that copyable and discardable maps are not always central , and we characterize those control categories of the form \ ( R^{\bf Set}\ ) for which copyable and discardable implies central .
We prove that any control category with initial object is a preorder .
From continuation passing style to Krivine 's abstract machine
Manuscript , May 2003 , 23 pages .
Abstract :
We describe , for three different extensions of typed lambda calculus , how the rules for a version of Krivine 's abstract machine can be derived from those of continuation passing style ( CPS ) semantics .
The three extensions are : Parigot 's \( \lambda\mu\ ) - calculus , Pym and Ritter 's \( \lambda\mu
u\ ) - calculus , and an extension of the call - by - name lambda calculus with built - in types and primitive functions .
We also show how Krivine 's abstract machine can be implemented on realistic hardware by compiling it into an idealized assembly language .
Order - incompleteness and finite lambda reduction models
An extended abstract of this work appeared in LICS '96 , © 1996 IEEE . [ ps , pdf ]
Abstract : Many familiar models of the untyped lambda calculus are constructed by order theoretic methods .
This paper provides some basic new facts about ordered models of the lambda calculus .
We show that in any partially ordered model that is complete for the theory of \( \beta\ ) - or \( \beta\eta\ ) - conversion , the partial order is trivial on term denotations .
Equivalently , the open and closed term algebras of the untyped lambda calculus cannot be non-trivially partially ordered .
Our second result is a syntactical characterization , in terms of so - called generalized Mal'cev operators , of those lambda theories which cannot be induced by any non-trivially partially ordered model .
We also consider a notion of finite models for the untyped lambda calculus , or more precisely , finite models of reduction .
We demonstrate how such models can be used as practical tools for giving finitary proofs of term inequalities .
The lambda calculus is algebraic
Abstract :
This paper serves as a self - contained , tutorial introduction to combinatory models of the untyped lambda calculus .
We focus particularly on the interpretation of free variables .
We argue that free variables should not be interpreted as elements in a model , as is usually done , but as indeterminates .
We claim that the resulting interpretation is more natural and leads to a closer correspondence between models and theories .
In particular , it solves the problem of the notorious \ ( \xi\ ) - rule , which asserts that equations should be preserved under binders , and which fails to be sound for the usual interpretation .
Lecture notes on the lambda calculus
Expository course notes .
2001 –2013 . 120 pages .
Download : [ ps , ps2up , pdf , pdf2up , arXiv ]
These notes are also available in book form .
Abstract :
This is a set of lecture notes that developed out of courses on the lambda calculus that I taught at the University of Ottawa in 2001 and at Dalhousie University in 2007 and 2013 .
Topics covered in these notes include the untyped lambda calculus , the Church - Rosser theorem , combinatory algebras , the simply - typed lambda calculus , the Curry - Howard isomorphism , weak and strong normalization , polymorphism , type inference , denotational semantics , complete partial orders , and the language PCF .
Models for an adversary - centric protocol logic
In Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Logical Aspects of Cryptographic Protocol Verification , Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 55 ( 1):69 – 84 , Elsevier , 2001 .
Download : [ ps , ps2up , pdf , pdf2 up ] ( preprint )
Abstract :
In this paper , we propose an adversary - centric , logical framework for formalizing cryptographic protocols .
The formalism is inspired by the work of Compton and Dexter and of Cervesato et al. , but we do not focus on proof search , but instead on logical validity .
A novel contribution of this paper is a technique for giving very short proofs of protocol correctness through models of first - order logic .
Control categories and duality : on the categorical semantics of the lambda - mu calculus
Abstract :
We give a categorical semantics to the call - by - name and call - by - value versions of Parigot 's \( \lambda\mu\ ) - calculus with disjunction types .
We introduce the class of control categories , which combine a cartesian - closed structure with a premonoidal structure in the sense of Power and Robinson .
We prove , via a categorical structure theorem , that the categorical semantics is equivalent to a CPS semantics in the style of Hofmann and Streicher .
We show that the call - by - name \( \lambda\mu\ ) - calculus forms an internal language for control categories , and that the call - by - value \( \lambda\mu\ ) - calculus forms an internal language for the dual co-control categories .
As a corollary , we obtain a syntactic duality result : there exist syntactic translations between call - by - name and call - by - value which are mutually inverse and which preserve the operational semantics .
This answers a question of Streicher and Reus .
© 2001 Published by Cambridge University Press .
Categorical structure of asynchrony
In Proceedings of MFPS 15 .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science 20:158 –181 , Elsevier , 1999 .
Abstract :
We investigate a categorical framework for the semantics of asynchronous communication in networks of parallel processes .
Abstracting from a category of asynchronous labeled transition systems , we formulate the notion of a categorical model of asynchrony as a uniformly traced monoidal category with diagonals , such that every morphism is total and the focus is equivalent to a category of complete partial orders .
We present a simple , non-deterministic , cpo-based model that satisfies these requirements , and we discuss how to refine this model by an observational congruence .
We also present a general construction of passing from deterministic to non-deterministic models , and more generally , from non-linear to linear structure on a category .
© 1999 Published by Elsevier Science B. V .
A note on Bainbridge 's power set construction
Manuscript .
May 1998 . 10 pages .
Abstract :
The category Rel of sets and relations has two natural traced monoidal structures : in ( Rel , + , Tr ) , the tensor is given by disjoint union , and in ( Rel , × , Tr ' ) by products of sets .
Already in 1976 , predating the definition of traced monoidal categories by 20 years , Bainbridge has shown how to model flowcharts and networks in these two respective settings .
Bainbridge has also pointed out that one can move from one setting to the other via the power set operation .
However , Bainbridge 's power operation is not functorial , and in this paper we show that there is no traced monoidal embedding of ( Rel , + , Tr ) into ( Rel , × , Tr ' ) whose object part is given by the power set operation .
On the other hand , we show that there is such an embedding whose object part is given by the power - multiset operation .
Functionality , polymorphism , and concurrency :
a mathematical investigation of programming paradigms
Ph.D. Thesis , University of Pennsylvania .
June 1997 . 129 pages .
Appeared as IRCS Technical Report 97 - 17 .
A list of corrections is available : Errata .
Abstract :
The search for mathematical models of computational phenomena often leads to problems that are of independent mathematical interest .
Selected problems of this kind are investigated in this thesis .
First , we study models of the untyped lambda calculus .
Although many familiar models are constructed by order - theoretic methods , it is also known that there are some models of the lambda calculus that cannot be non-trivially ordered .
We show that the standard open and closed term algebras are unorderable .
We characterize the absolutely unorderable T - algebras in any algebraic variety T .
Here an algebra is called absolutely unorderable if it cannot be embedded in an orderable algebra .
We then introduce a notion of finite models for the lambda calculus , contrasting the known fact that models of the lambda calculus , in the traditional sense , are always non-recursive .
Our finite models are based on Plotkin 's syntactical models of reduction .
We give a method for constructing such models , and some examples that show how finite models can yield useful information about terms .
Next , we study models of typed lambda calculi .
Models of the polymorphic lambda calculus can be divided into environment - style models , such as Bruce and Meyer 's non-strict set - theoretic models , and categorical models , such as Seely 's interpretation in PL - categories .
Reynolds has shown that there are no set - theoretic strict models .
Following a different approach , we investigate a notion of non-strict categorical models .
These provide a uniform framework in which one can describe various classes of non-strict models , including set - theoretic models with or without empty types , and Kripke - style models .
We show that completeness theorems correspond to categorical representation theorems , and we reprove a completeness result by Meyer et al .
on set - theoretic models of the simply - typed lambda calculus with possibly empty types .
Finally , we study properties of asynchronous communication in networks of communicating processes .
We formalize several notions of asynchrony independently of any particular concurrent process paradigm .
A process is asynchronous if its input and / or output is filtered through a communication medium , such as a buffer or a queue , possibly with feedback .
We prove that the behavior of asynchronous processes can be equivalently characterized by first - order axioms .
First - order axioms for asynchrony
In Proceedings of CONCUR '97 , Lecture Notes in Computer Science 1243:376–390 , Springer , 1997 .
An expanded version is also available : [ ps , pdf ] ( 21 pages )
Abstract :
We study properties of asynchronous communication independently of any concrete concurrent process paradigm .
We give a general - purpose , mathematically rigorous definition of several notions of asynchrony in a natural setting where an agent is asynchronous if its input and / or output is filtered through a buffer or a queue , possibly with feedback .
In a series of theorems , we give necessary and sufficient conditions for each of these notions in the form of simple first - order or second - order axioms .
We illustrate the formalism by applying it to asynchronous CCS and the core join calculus .
LH has nonempty products
Manuscript .
April 1994 . 5 pages .
Abstract :
We show that LH , the category of topological spaces with local homeomorphisms , has binary products .
This has been previously believed to be false .
Back to Homepage :
( Pocket - lint ) - As more and more content becomes available for mobile users , the speed at which we connect to the Internet is becoming faster .
Samsung 's Z560 is the company 's answer to getting online quicker .
Utilising the new HSDPA network , the Samsung SGH - Z560 , to give it its full name , is the first mobile phone to offer connection speeds faster than the 3G without proclaiming to be a smartphone at the same time .
The lightweight device , which weighs 98g has a 2 megapixel camera , MP3 player , 30 MB internal memory , video streaming capabilities , video calling options via a second camera and the ability to record up to 1 hour of video .
Aimed at users looking for internet connection speeds faster than 3G , the new phone , when in coverage , has the ability to download content up to four times faster than 3G - 1.8 MB per second .
Not actually apart of the company 's Ultra range such as the D900 and X830 models , the Z560 has tried its best to be thin and stylish none the less .
Not overly bulky , but still on the larger side , the clamshell Z560 currently available on T - Mobile has a glossy finish , dual digital cameras for video calling and music playback buttons on the outside for those hoping to use the phone as an MP3 player .
Open it up and you are presented with all the usual features - a large screen and flat keypad and overall the phone is easy to use .
The interface , although slightly changed for the T - Mobile interface is Samsung through and through and users of pervious models will be at home with all the beeps , noises and displays that the phone offers .
Being T - Mobile the phone comes with the company 's Web 'n ' Walk software pre-installed and this means that webpages are automatically redrawn to be shown on the phone 's screen rather than having lots of left and right as well as up and down scrolling .
Using the service out and about the download speeds were very quick , especially when we were in a HSDPA area and either connecting to the internet on the phone or a PC .
The PC option is via a USB cable and some software in the box , and after a very quick install we were able to surf the web hassle free via the phone meaning this should appeal to business users a treat .
Verdict
While the Samsung SGH - Z560 is n't the sexiest phone on the market , nor the smallest , it does offer business users one key winning point over other phones around - the HSDPA connectivity .
If speed on the road is important to you and you do n't want a smartphone to go with it then this is a very good way of achieving it .
Just bear in mind however that when it comes to typing in those website URLs you 'll have to do it via the keypad rather than a QWERTY or on - screen keyboard .
Writing by Stuart Miles .
Localization just does n't matter
Two weeks ago , SourceGear was an exhibitor at the trade show portion of Tech - Ed in Barcelona , Spain .
This was the first time we have been to this event .
In fact , it was the first time SourceGear has been to any trade show outside the United States .
Personally , I have always wanted to attend Tech - Ed in Barcelona .
The event seems to move back and forth between Barcelona and Amsterdam .
The latter does n't interest me at all , but I love Spain .
Going to Barcelona for business would be great , and appending a family vacation would be even better .
But although we have considered this trip in the past , I have always resisted it .
Even this year , it was all Corey 's idea .
He thought we should go , and it obviously did n't take too much arm - twisting for me to agree , so we went .
But my basic hesitancy remained a concern .
I have never advocated attending a trade show in Europe , for one reason : Our software is English - only .
To me , it just seems odd to show up at a European trade show with software that is not internationalized .
As I said in my post from Barcelona two weeks ago , I expected to spend the entire week apologizing for the fact that we have not localized our products for French , German , Italian , Spanish , Portuguese , Greek , Russian , Hebrew , Polish , or Catalan .
I have always believed that i18n and l10n are important .
Or , to put it another way , I have always felt guilty for the fact that SourceGear does n't really do much in this area . :-)
Seriously , localization is one of those features that we never seem to have time for .
It 's on the list for every release , and it gets cut from every release .
I feel kind of embarrassed about it .
I 'm proud to be an American , but , well , sometimes I 'm not .
I never wanted to SourceGear to be one of those arrogant American software companies that simply expects everybody to speak English .
But right now , that 's what we are .
So I just figured we would spend the week in Barcelona receiving complaints from people who want Vault in their own language .
And we planned to be gracious as we received those gripes , because we deserve them .
But that 's not what happened .
We had two booths at this show , one for each division of our company , SourceGear and Teamprise .
There were 7,500 attendees from all over Europe and beyond .
The booths were open for four days .
We spoke with hundreds of customers and prospects .
We received lots of valuable feedback .
People asked us for all kinds of features .
Nobody asked us to localize our products for another language .
I 'll repeat that , just in case you missed it .
Here is the total number of people who asked us about localizing our products in languages other than English : Zero. Cero. Nul. ZÃ©ro. Null .
Нул. Μηδέν .
I found this to be simply shocking .
Yes , yes , I know that there were some factors biasing things toward this result :
SourceGear sells developer tools .
Most developers speak English .
If we were building products for normal people , things would be different .
The primary language for this conference was English .
People who do n't speak English did n't come to the conference .
We probably spoke with at most ten percent of the show attendees .
It is merely a coincidence that we did n't get asked .
I know all that , so do n't post it in my comments .
I 'm jet - lagged and crabby and I 'm in no mood for people to be telling me the sky is blue . :-)
Still ... Zero .
Boggles the mind , does n't it ?
This data point is a biggie .
Here are a few more :
Even though our product is English - only , we currently get between 30 and 40 percent of our revenue from outside the U.S .
We do sometimes get requests for non-English localizations of our product , but not very often .
We 've actually experimented with a little bit of localization work , and the results have been awful .
Conventional wisdom says that the most important language for localization is Japanese , right ?
So , in coordination with outside partner firms , SourceOffSite has been localized for Japanese .
In fact , we 've done it twice .
Both times , the resulting revenues were quite low .
How low ?
The English version of SOS outsells the J version , in Japan .
How low ?
The monthly revenue from SOS - J and the amount of money I spend each month on sushi are in the same ballpark .
I now find myself in a very strange place .
Empirical data simply does n't match my expectations .
The world should be punishing me for my arrogant " American - English - is - the - only - language - that - matters " behavior , but it 's not .
Our foreign revenues are solid .
We 've experimented with localization and received abysmal results .
We 've been to a trade show where most people 's first language is not English , and nobody even complained .
I am forced to conclude that localization just does n't matter .
This is n't the conclusion I expected .
It 's not the conclusion I wanted .
It does n't fit my intuition .
But it 's the only conclusion that fits the data I 've got .
Tell me I 'm wrong .
I 'll listen .
But right now , Vault is English - only , and I think maybe I 'm ready to stop feeling guilty about it .
From Swarm
Consult the MediaWiki User 's Guide for information on using the wiki software .
News
2020 -07 - 10 : Donation to NetLogo
The SDG has donated $ 10,000 to Northwestern University 's Center for Connected Learning and Computer - Based Modeling ( CCL ) to support completion and distribution of the NetLogo " Time " extension , which adds discrete event simulation support to NetLogo .
2020 -06-08 : Reconstituted Board of Directors
The SDG took a break from organizing SwarmFest .
A new board has been elected and is planning for the future .
Please watch this space for any updates .
Swarm Software for Agent - based Modeling
The main Swarm page for the Swarm software framework , documentation , and applications
New release of Objective - C for Windows produces Windows - native executables !
See Using Swarm on Windows with MinGW
Agent - and Individual - based Modeling Resources
Resources for agent - based modeling .
This area of the wiki is for information on agent - based modeling in general .
This area is no longer maintained and we refer interested people to more up - to - date sites such as www.OpenABM.org
There is still information on :
Agent - based modeling community resources
Software ( information on alternative platforms ; learning materials ; template models ; integrated development environments )
" How and why to do agent - based modeling " : techniques and theory
Resources specific to different scientific domains
Swarm Development Group
An old list of SDG Members
Help
( Taking the Opportunity to Delve in Other Related Matters Along the Way )
Over the last year and a half or so , I 've had a growing feeling of uneasiness regarding the work I do as a hired software developer .
It was a little bit vague at first , a general itch of dissatisfaction .
I initially dismissed it but it kept ( and keeps ) nagging me .
I believe it 's a direct result of me reading ( too much ? )
Joel Spolsky and Paul Graham .
These two discuss slightly different matters , but both talk of a " better way " to create software .
They have different means to get us there : some ideas intersect , others do n't .
However , the overall picture is the same : the current prevailing models / methods / tools are defective and should be fixed / replaced .
The next step in this reasoning is that if it is n't fixed within their organization , the best programmers should themselves start their own companies .
Graham takes that step very clearly , Spolsky less so but that 's still the direction one considers naturally after reading his essays .
( I 'm obviously cutting corners here , I can't do justice to all they 've written in a few lines . )
The " better way " mantra appeals to me tremendously as a software developer ( and , let 's face it , to my ego . )
I want to believe there 's a better way to do it , because the current one leaves a dry taste in my mouth .
I 'm not sure they 're right , but what if they are ?
Spolsky and Graham are both successful , which seems to lend some credibility to their claims .
However , this fails to impress me in terms of demonstrating anything .
Consider the following bit of healthy scepticism :
Paul Graham started blogging after having sold his company .
It 's easy to say " I was right " after the fact .
Maybe he does n't give himself enough credit .
Maybe things went so well with viaweb not because of lisp but because Graham and consort were business - savvy , were extremely talented developers , had the right connections , were at the right place at the right time , etc. ( all of which are most probably true ) .
Moreover , he sold during the tech bubble so it 's somewhat unsurprising he got a large pile of cash for it ( granted it was sold in the first place ) .
A lot of companies using C++ have also been sold and / or benefited their founders greatly , especially during the bubble , none of which credited C++ for it .
If he had failed to make money , we simply would n't have heard about it .
Joel Spolsky has a brilliant marketing strategy : his target audience for his software is the same as for his blog .
He leverages one to fuel the other .
His essays are interesting and well written : FogBugz sells well .
It 's a kind of self - fulfilling prophecy .
There is nothing wrong with that mind you , but I suspect his success comes at least equally from clever marketing as from hiring top - notch developers .
Not to say that it does n't help or that FogBugz is not good software .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I like both these authors and software developers .
I just somewhat doubt their success all comes from their " alleged " source ( lisp / better language for Graham , best working conditions / developers for Spolsky ) .
I 'm sure they themselves would be the first to admit it .
***
Yet , the current model is wrong .
I knew , but recently a few specific points cristallized in my mind .
1 . We code in Java ( mostly . )
( For the sake of this discussion , know I consider it the same as C# and better than C++ . )
I do n't hate Java but I 've grown very weary of its limitations , verbosity ( brought to new heights by Generics ) and the obstinate desire by Sun to keep it an " easy " language - although designing a Generics - aware library is anything but .
I 've become very proficient with it after 7 years of daily usage .
I 'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are still better than me , but I know this language and the libraries that come with it a lot .
( And a lot more than I cared for . )
Despite that fact , I can't be as efficient in Java as I 'd like .
Sure , I spend less time pleasing the compiler and doing monkey work than , say , in C++ , but I believe there is still a very good margin for economy that Java simply does n't allow .
There 's just too much repetition all over the place : of iterations , of getters and setters , of patterns , of faked closures ( " new Runnable ( ) { public void run {… " , not to mention when you must create dummy final variables or when you need a return value ) , etc .
The language simply is n't abstract enough .
In truth , I 'm a bit surprised I 'm coming to this conclusion myself .
I just " see " it , coding similar stuff day in and day out .
Just to give a simple and very common example , I can't count the number of times I 've written something like :
public class aClass {
private int myInt ;
private String myString ;
public int getMyInt ( ) {
return myInt ;
}
public void setMyInt ( int i ) {
if ( i < 0 ) throw new IllegalArgumentException ( " i must be positive " ) ;
myInt = i ;
}
public void getMyString ( ) {
return myString ;
}
}
public class aClass [ int myInt , readonly String myString ] {
myInt : value < 0 : " i must be positive " ;
}
This is the same boilerplate code all over the place , for every single class ( that has setters and getters , obviously . )
Consider this shorter form ( fictitious ) : ( I 'm not saying this form is the best we could come up with , it 's just to make the point . )
10 significant lines shortened to 2 , not to mention the insignificant lines that waste screen real estate .
But the powers that be at Sun would ridicule this shorter form as nothing more than syntactic sugar .
True , it 's syntactic sugar , but one that saves you a hell of a lot of typing !
Do n't discard this as laziness on my part .
Consider instead the number of hours that are collectively wasted around the world by programmers typing the longer , unnecessary form , whereas the compiler could just as easily infer it from the shorter one .
( And no , the fact the Eclipse provides some wizards to help is not good enough and does n't mitigate the need for a good , succinct and abstract language .
Indeed , the very fact that the Eclipse team thought a good idea to spend time developing these wizards is proof enough there is something wrong . )
2 . Our internal procedures follow the waterfall model too closely .
Yet , it 's very similar to what other software companies do .
I 'm not completely against the " big design up front " notion but our lack of flexibility in that regard is a hindrance .
I do n't want to trigger a debate on this but let me just clarify what I mean by " big design up front " .
The idea is that at many stages there should be discussion among stakeholders regarding the direction development should take , especially at the requirements and design stage .
Obviously , requirements or design can be revisited and change later on but that does n't prevent the need to discuss them initially .
For instance our process requires that a design document be written before coding starts .
True , in my experience nothing focuses a discussion more than a document explaining the proposed course of action ( possibly including discarded alternatives ) .
So writing a design document up front is the ideal way to go : we can all discuss the proposed design , tweak it until it satisfies us , and then code .
However that 's not very realistic except for the most trivial designs .
I for one can't work that way ( and I 've tried ) .
English simply is n't structured enough like a programming language that I can think my design in English .
To design I must conjure up classes , think of their interactions , mock up a client , extract commonality , etc .
The best way for me to do this is to use Java directly .
Obviously , I do n't need to code everything but just stubs wo n't do either .
I discover the design as much as I think it .
Indeed , in the middle of this " designing " , I often realize something that will alter it significantly : a library that does n't work as intended , an unknown limitation , a brilliant simplification …
I 'm glad then I did n't write the document up front , because that would require a whole new round of documentation and discussing .
So , in a way , I apply the " up front " strategy one step further : I ensure my design will hold the water before writing a whole 30 pages document with figures describing it .
Anyone who has had to change a design document after the fact knows the tediousness of changing figures and text everywhere to accommodate , say , a simple change in the inheritance hierarchy .
In that respect , code is more succinct to describe such relationships than a document , so it makes sense to write some code first .
This actually contributes to my discontent .
What if the language we used was more abstract , more succinct and less verbose than Java ?
Supposing coding itself would be more efficient with such a language , would n't design ( using my method ) be more efficient as well ?
And going one step further , could we review the design directly in code without going through the lengthy documentation phase ?
Perhaps not completely , but could a hybrid code & documentation be used at the review ?
3 . No matter how much time I invest working for an employer , I 'm never really helping myself in direct proportion to my efforts .
In fact , the more time I put in , the less relative benefit I get out of working for that company ( overtime is not paid ) .
The consequence is that I refrain myself from doing ( too much ) overtime .
This in itself is not really an issue but it has a perverse effect .
Sometimes , I have the drive to go on , to continue working : I 'm in the " zone " .
However , time is up and I go home .
This is an additional " economy " that is not realized working for someone else .
By that I mean that if I had received some benefit from it , I would have traded spare time with time coding , which would have advanced the project faster .
To use an economic term , the " marginal " passion that would have led me to produce more is lost .
( Obviously , this does n’t apply for someone whose overtime is paid but I do n't think that 's prevalent in our trade . )
The problem with these points is that they are not specific to the company I work for .
For instance , a search in a popular job posting site reveals there are currently 82 Java positions open in my area , 59 C++ positions , 29 C# positions .
Ruby , Python , Lisp and Scheme ( languages I consider more " advanced " ) get a grand total of 0 positions .
***
Honestly , I 've never seen an " enlightened " software shop , those talked about by Graham and Spolsky .
But that 's great since I 'll be able to start my own and compete against the non-enlightened ones , right ?
Because now that I 've experienced first hand what it is to work for a non-enlightened software company I 've got the itch to start my own .
The real question is this : are Spolsky and Graham right in a more general sense ?
Is it true that using better tools / languages and / or hiring top - notch developers and giving them great working conditions ( starting with myself ;) gives you a real , tangible edge ( and not just a marketing hedge in certain spheres ) ?
What if I start a company that develops , say , accounting software for individuals and small businesses ?
Or an IMS ( IP Media Subsystem ) server ?
Or point - of - sales software ?
For instance , the fact that my software is written in this and that language and that my employees are the best is not going to directly influence the small business owner looking for accounting software .
Marketing will .
( Note that I 've intentionally left out from the list web applications and software used by programmers themselves , as we are more affected by the underlying technology than the rest of the population .
Case in point : for some , reddit is great written in lisp but sucks terribly written in python . )
This question is very interesting to me given that I 'd very much like to have it my own way by choosing the languages and tools I use and the colleagues I work with ( although at this stage it would probably be a single person affair . )
Especially so if it leads me to get my hand on the profits my employer reaps on top on what I cost and generate even more profit by being more productive .
However , I can't help thinking that Graham and Spolsky overhype their beliefs .
Is the efficiency increase realized by choosing the " better way " really that significant ?
Or does it instead all boil down to something less flattering to our ego like which company has the better marketing ?
Do n't misunderstand me .
I known they do n't claim that just writing software without any form of marketing or organization around it will work fine .
What they claim however is that the better way will give you a tremendous edge over the competition .
This distinction is very important to me because writing software , I 'm excellent at , but marketing , is , well , another matter ...
So , should I start my own software company after all ?
Dear Members of Congress :
We are scholars of constitutional law and former government officials .
We write in our individual capacities as citizens concerned by the Bush administration ’s National Security Agency domestic spying program , as reported in The New York Times , and in particular to respond to the Justice Department ’s December 22 , 2005 , letter to the majority and minority leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees setting forth the administration ’s defense of the program .
1
Although the program ’s secrecy prevents us from being privy to all of its details , the Justice Department ’s defense of what it concedes was secret and warrantless electronic surveillance of persons within the United States fails to identify any plausible legal authority for such surveillance .
Accordingly the program appears on its face to violate existing law .
The basic legal question here is not new .
In 1978 , after an extensive investigation of the privacy violations associated with foreign intelligence surveillance programs , Congress and the President enacted the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
Pub. L. 95-511 , 92 Stat. 1783 .
FISA comprehensively regulates electronic surveillance within the United States , striking a careful balance between protecting civil liberties and preserving the “ vitally important government purpose ” of obtaining valuable intelligence in order to safeguard national security .
S. Rep. No. 95-604 , pt. 1 , at 9 ( 1977 ) .
With minor exceptions , FISA authorizes electronic surveillance only upon certain specified showings , and only if approved by a court .
The statute specifically allows for warrantless wartime domestic electronic surveillance — but only for the first fifteen days of a war .
50 U.S.C. § 1811 .
It makes criminal any electronic surveillance not authorized by statute , id .
§ 1809 ; and it expressly establishes FISA and specified provisions of the federal criminal code ( which govern wiretaps for criminal investigation ) as the “ exclusive means by which electronic surveillance …may be conducted , ” 18 U.S.C. § 2511 ( 2 ) ( f ) ( emphasis added ) .
2
The Department of Justice concedes that the NSA program was not authorized by any of the above provisions .
It maintains , however , that the program did not violate existing law because Congress implicitly authorized the NSA program when it enacted the Authorization for Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) against al - Qaeda , Pub .
L. No. 107-40 , 115 Stat. 224 ( 2001 ) .
But the AUMF cannot reasonably be construed to implicitly authorize warrantless electronic surveillance in the United States during wartime , where Congress has expressly and specifically addressed that precise question in FISA and limited any such warrantless surveillance to the first fifteen days of war .
The DOJ also invokes the President ’s inherent constitutional authority as Commander in Chief to collect “ signals intelligence ” targeted at the enemy , and maintains that construing FISA to prohibit the President ’s actions would raise constitutional questions .
But even conceding that the President in his role as Commander in Chief may generally collect “ signals intelligence ” on the enemy abroad , Congress indisputably has authority to regulate electronic surveillance within the United States , as it has done in FISA .
Where Congress has so regulated , the President can act in contravention of statute only if his authority is exclusive , that is , not subject to the check of statutory regulation .
The DOJ letter pointedly does not make that extraordinary claim .
Moreover , to construe the AUMF as the DOJ suggests would itself raise serious constitutional questions under the Fourth Amendment .
The Supreme Court has never upheld warrantless wiretapping within the United States .
Accordingly , the principle that statutes should be construed to avoid serious constitutional questions provides an additional reason for concluding that the AUMF does not authorize the President ’s actions here .
1 .
Congress did not implicitly authorize the NSA domestic spying program in the AUMF , and in fact expressly prohibited it in FISA
The DOJ concedes ( Letter at 4 ) that the NSA program involves “ electronic surveillance , ” which is defined in FISA to mean the interception of the contents of telephone , wire , or e-mail communications that occur , at least in part , in the United States .
50 U.S.C. §§ 1801 ( f ) ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) , 1801 ( n ) .
The NSA engages in such surveillance without judicial approval , and apparently without the substantive showings that FISA requires — e.g. , that the subject is an “ agent of a foreign power . ”
Id. § 1805 ( a ) .
The DOJ does not argue that FISA itself authorizes such electronic surveillance ; and , as the DOJ letter acknowledges , 18 U.S.C. § 1809 makes criminal any electronic surveillance not authorized by statute .
The DOJ nevertheless contends that the surveillance is authorized by the AUMF , signed on September 18 , 2001 , which empowers the President to use “ all necessary and appropriate force against ” al - Qaeda .
According to the DOJ , collecting “ signals intelligence ” on the enemy , even if it involves tapping US phones without court approval or probable cause , is a “ fundamental incident of war ” authorized by the AUMF .
This argument fails for four reasons .
First , and most importantly , the DOJ ’s argument rests on an unstated general “ implication ” from the AUMF that directly contradicts express and specific language in FISA .
Specific and “ carefully drawn ” statutes prevail over general statutes where there is a conflict .
Morales v. TWA , Inc. , 504 U.S. 374 , 384-85 ( 1992 ) ( quoting International Paper Co. v. Ouelette , 479 U.S. 481 , 494 ( 1987 ) ) .
In FISA , Congress has directly and specifically spoken on the question of domestic warrantless wiretapping , including during wartime , and it could not have spoken more clearly .
As noted above , Congress has comprehensively regulated all electronic surveillance in the United States , and authorizes such surveillance only pursuant to specific statutes designated as the “ exclusive means by which electronic surveillance … and the interception of domestic wire , oral , and electronic communications may be conducted . ”
18 U.S.C. § 2511 ( 2 ) ( f ) ( emphasis added ) .
Moreover , FISA specifically addresses the question of domestic wiretapping during wartime .
In a provision entitled “ Authorization during time of war , ” FISA dictates that “ notwithstanding any other law , the President , through the Attorney General , may authorize electronic surveillance without a court order under this subchapter to acquire foreign intelligence information for a period not to exceed fifteen calendar days following a declaration of war by the Congress . ” 50 U.S.C. § 1811 ( emphasis added ) .
Thus , even where Congress has declared war — a more formal step than an authorization such as the AUMF — the law limits warrantless wiretapping to the first fifteen days of the conflict .
Congress explained that if the President needed further warrantless surveillance during wartime , the fifteen days would be sufficient for Congress to consider and enact further authorization .
3
Rather than follow this course , the President acted unilaterally and secretly in contravention of FISA ’s terms .
The DOJ letter remarkably does not even mention FISA ’s fifteen - day war provision , which directly refutes the President ’s asserted “ implied ” authority .
In light of the specific and comprehensive regulation of FISA , especially the fifteen - day war provision , there is no basis for finding in the AUMF ’s general language implicit authority for unchecked warrantless domestic wiretapping .
As Justice Frankfurter stated in rejecting a similar argument by President Truman when he sought to defend the seizure of the steel mills during the Korean War on the basis of implied congressional authorization :
It is one thing to draw an intention of Congress from general language and to say that Congress would have explicitly written what is inferred , where Congress has not addressed itself to a specific situation .
It is quite impossible , however , when Congress did specifically address itself to a problem , as Congress did to that of seizure , to find secreted in the interstices of legislation the very grant of power which Congress consciously withheld .
To find authority so explicitly withheld is …to disrespect the whole legislative process and the constitutional division of authority between President and Congress .
Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer , 343 U.S. 579 , 609 ( 1952 ) ( Frankfurter , J. , concurring ) .
Second , the DOJ ’s argument would require the conclusion that Congress implicitly and sub silentio repealed 18 U.S.C. § 2511 ( 2 ) ( f ) , the provision that identifies FISA and specific criminal code provisions as “ the exclusive means by which electronic surveillance … may be conducted . ”
Repeals by implication are strongly disfavored ; they can be established only by “ overwhelming evidence , ” J.E.M. Ag. Supply , Inc. v. Pioneer Hi-Bred Int’l , Inc. , 534 U.S. 124 , 137 ( 2001 ) , and “ the only permissible justification for a repeal by implication is when the earlier and later statutes are irreconcilable , ' ” id. at 141–142 ( quoting Morton v. Mancari , 417 U.S. 535 , 550 ( 1974 ) ) .
The AUMF and § 2511 ( 2 ) ( f ) are not irreconcilable , and there is no evidence , let alone overwhelming evidence , that Congress intended to repeal § 2511 ( 2 ) ( f ) .
Third , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales has admitted that the administration did not seek to amend FISA to authorize the NSA spying program because it was advised that Congress would reject such an amendment .
4
The administration cannot argue on the one hand that Congress authorized the NSA program in the AUMF , and at the same time that it did not ask Congress for such authorization because it feared Congress would say no.5
Finally , the DOJ ’s reliance upon Hamdi v. Rumsfeld , 542 U.S. 507 ( 2004 ) , to support its reading of the AUMF , see DOJ Letter at 3 , is misplaced .
A plurality of the Court in Hamdi held that the AUMF authorized military detention of enemy combatants captured on the battlefield abroad as a “ fundamental incident of waging war . ”
Id. at 519 .
The plurality expressly limited this holding to individuals who were “ part of or supporting forces hostile to the United States or coalition partners in Afghanistan and who engaged in an armed conflict against the United States there . ”
Id. at 516 ( emphasis added ) .
It is one thing , however , to say that foreign battlefield capture of enemy combatants is an incident of waging war that Congress intended to authorize .
It is another matter entirely to treat unchecked warrantless domestic spying as included in that authorization , especially where an existing statute specifies that other laws are the “ exclusive means ” by which electronic surveillance may be conducted and provides that even a declaration of war authorizes such spying only for a fifteen - day emergency period .
6
2 .
Construing FISA to prohibit warrantless domestic wiretapping does not raise any serious constitutional question , while construing the AUMF to authorize such wiretapping would raise serious questions under the Fourth Amendment
The DOJ argues that FISA and the AUMF should be construed to permit the NSA program ’s domestic surveillance because there otherwise might be a “ conflict between FISA and the President ’s Article II authority as Commander - in - Chief . ” DOJ Letter at 4 .
The statutory scheme described above is not ambiguous , and therefore the constitutional avoidance doctrine is not even implicated .
See United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers ’ Coop. , 532 U.S. 483 , 494 ( 2001 ) ( the “ canon of constitutional avoidance has no application in the absence of statutory ambiguity ” ) .
But were it implicated , it would work against the President , not in his favor .
Construing FISA and the AUMF according to their plain meanings raises no serious constitutional questions regarding the President ’s duties under Article II .
Construing the AUMF to permit unchecked warrantless wiretapping without probable cause , however , would raise serious questions under the Fourth Amendment .
A. FISA ’s Limitations are consistent with the President ’s Article II role
We do not dispute that , absent congressional action , the President might have inherent constitutional authority to collect “ signals intelligence ” about the enemy abroad .
Nor do we dispute that , had Congress taken no action in this area , the President might well be constitutionally empowered to conduct domestic surveillance directly tied and narrowly confined to that goal — subject , of course , to Fourth Amendment limits .
Indeed , in the years before FISA was enacted , the federal law involving wiretapping specifically provided that “ nothing contained in this chapter or in section 605 of the Communications
Act of 1934 shall limit the constitutional power of the President … to obtain foreign intelligence information deemed essential to the security of the United States . ” 18 U.S.C. § 2511 ( 3 ) ( 1976 ) .
But FISA specifically repealed that provision , FISA § 201( c ) , 92 Stat .
1797 , and replaced it with language dictating that FISA and the criminal code are the “ exclusive means ” of conducting electronic surveillance .
In doing so , Congress did not deny that the President has constitutional power to conduct electronic surveillance for national security purposes ; rather , Congress properly concluded that “ even if the President has the inherent authority in the absence of legislation to authorize warrantless electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence purposes , Congress has the power to regulate the conduct of such surveillance by legislating a reasonable procedure , which then becomes the exclusive means by which such surveillance may be conducted . ”
H.R. Rep. No. 95-1283 , pt. 1 , at 24 ( 1978 ) ( emphasis added ) .
This analysis , Congress noted , was “ supported by two successive Attorneys General . ”
Id .
To say that the President has inherent authority does not mean that his authority is exclusive , or that his conduct is not subject to statutory regulations enacted ( as FISA was ) pursuant to Congress ’s Article I powers .
As Justice Jackson famously explained in his influential opinion in Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer , 343 U.S. at 635 ( Jackson , J. , concurring ) , the Constitution “ enjoins upon its branches separateness but interdependence , autonomy but reciprocity .
Presidential powers are not fixed but fluctuate , depending upon their disjunction or conjunction with those of Congress . ”
For example , the President in his role as Commander in Chief directs military operations .
But the Framers gave Congress the power to prescribe rules for the regulation of the armed and naval forces , Art. I , § 8 , cl. 14 , and if a duly enacted statute prohibits the military from engaging in torture or cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment , the President must follow that dictate .
As Justice Jackson wrote , when the President acts in defiance of “ the expressed or implied will of Congress , ” his power is “ at its lowest ebb . ” 343 U.S. at 637 .
In this setting , Jackson wrote , “ Presidential power [ is ] most vulnerable to attack and in the least favorable of all constitutional postures . ”
Id. at 640 .
Congress plainly has authority to regulate domestic wiretapping by federal agencies under its Article I powers , and the DOJ does not suggest otherwise .
Indeed , when FISA was enacted , the Justice Department agreed that Congress had power to regulate such conduct , and could require judicial approval of foreign intelligence surveillance .
7 FISA does not prohibit foreign intelligence surveillance , but merely imposes reasonable regulation to protect legitimate privacy rights .
( For example , although FISA generally requires judicial approval for electronic surveillance of persons within the United States , it permits the executive branch to install a wiretap immediately so long as it obtains judicial approval within seventy - two hours .
50 U.S.C. § 1805 ( f ) . )
Just as the President is bound by the statutory prohibition on torture , he is bound by the statutory dictates of FISA .8
The DOJ once infamously argued that the President as Commander in Chief could ignore even the criminal prohibition on torture , 9 and , more broadly still , that statutes may not “ place any limits on the President ’s determinations as to any terrorist threat , the amount of military force to be used in response , or the method , timing , and nature of the response .
” 10 But the administration withdrew the August 2002 torture memo after it was disclosed , and for good reason the DOJ does not advance these extreme arguments here .
Absent a serious question about FISA ’s constitutionality , there is no reason even to consider construing the AUMF to have implicitly overturned the carefully designed regulatory regime that FISA establishes .
See , e.g. , Reno v. Flores , 507 U.S. 292 , 314 n.9 ( 1993 ) ( constitutional avoidance canon applicable only if the constitutional question to be avoided is a serious one , “ not to eliminate all possible contentions that the statute might be unconstitutional ” ) ( emphasis in original ; citation omitted ) .
11
B. Construing the AUMF to authorize warrantless domestic wiretapping would raise serious constitutional questions
The principle that ambiguous statutes should be construed to avoid serious constitutional questions works against the administration , not in its favor .
Interpreting the AUMF and FISA to permit unchecked domestic wiretapping for the duration of the conflict with al - Qaeda would certainly raise serious constitutional questions .
The Supreme Court has never upheld such a sweeping power to invade the privacy of Americans at home without individualized suspicion or judicial oversight .
The NSA surveillance program permits wiretapping within the United States without either of the safeguards presumptively required by the Fourth Amendment for electronic surveillance — individualized probable cause and a warrant or other order issued by a judge or magistrate .
The Court has long held that wiretaps generally require a warrant and probable cause .
Katz v. United States , 389 U.S. 347 ( 1967 ) .
And the only time the Court considered the question of national security wiretaps , it held that the Fourth Amendment prohibits domestic security wiretaps without those safeguards .
United States v. United States District Court , 407 U.S. 297 ( 1972 ) .
Although the Court in that case left open the question of the Fourth Amendment validity of warrantless wiretaps for foreign intelligence purposes , its precedents raise serious constitutional questions about the kind of open - ended authority the President has asserted with respect to the NSA program .
See id. at 316-18 ( explaining difficulty of guaranteeing Fourth Amendment freedoms if domestic surveillance can be conducted solely in the discretion of the executive branch ) .
Indeed , serious Fourth Amendment questions about the validity of warrantless wiretapping led Congress to enact FISA , in order to “ provide the secure framework by which the executive branch may conduct legitimate electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence purposes within the context of this nation ’s commitment to privacy and individual rights . ”
S. Rep. No. 95-604 , at 15 ( 1978 ) ( citing , inter alia , Zweibon v. Mitchell , 516 F.2d 594 ( D.C. Cir. 1975 ) , cert .
denied , 425 U.S. 944 ( 1976 ) , in which the court of appeals held that a warrant must be obtained before a wiretap is installed on a domestic organization that is neither the agent of , nor acting in collaboration with , a foreign power ) .
Relying on In re Sealed Case No. 02-001 , the DOJ argues that the NSA program falls within an exception to the warrant and probable cause requirement for reasonable searches that serve “ special needs ” above and beyond ordinary law enforcement .
But the existence of “ special needs ” has never been found to permit warrantless wiretapping .
“ Special needs ” generally excuse the warrant and individualized suspicion requirements only where those requirements are impracticable and the intrusion on privacy is minimal .
See , e.g. , Griffin v. Wisconsin , 483 U.S. 868 , 873 ( 1987 ) .
Wiretapping is not a minimal intrusion on privacy , and the experience of FISA shows that foreign intelligence surveillance can be carried out through warrants based on individualized suspicion .
The court in Sealed Case upheld FISA itself , which requires warrants issued by Article III federal judges upon an individualized showing of probable cause that the subject is an “ agent of a foreign power . ”
The NSA domestic spying program , by contrast , includes none of these safeguards .
It does not require individualized judicial approval , and it does not require a showing that the target is an “ agent of a foreign power . ”
According to Attorney General Gonzales , the NSA may wiretap any person in the United States who so much as receives a communication from anyone abroad , if the administration deems either of the parties to be affiliated with al - Qaeda , a member of an organization affiliated with al - Qaeda , “ working in support of al Qaeda , ” or “ part of ” an organization or group “ that is supportive of al Qaeda . ” 12 Under this reasoning , a US citizen living here who received a phone call from another US citizen who attends a mosque that the administration believes is “ supportive ” of al - Qaeda could be wiretapped without a warrant .
The absence of meaningful safeguards on the NSA program at a minimum raises serious questions about the validity of the program under the Fourth Amendment , and therefore supports an interpretation of the AUMF that does not undercut FISA ’s regulation of such conduct .
In conclusion , the DOJ letter fails to offer a plausible legal defense of the NSA domestic spying program .
If the administration felt that FISA was insufficient , the proper course was to seek legislative amendment , as it did with other aspects of FISA in the Patriot Act , and as Congress expressly contemplated when it enacted the wartime wiretap provision in FISA .
One of the crucial features of a constitutional democracy is that it is always open to the President — or anyone else — to seek to change the law .
But it is also beyond dispute that , in such a democracy , the President cannot simply violate criminal laws behind closed doors because he deems them obsolete or impracticable .
13
We hope you find these views helpful to your consideration of the legality of the NSA domestic spying program .
Curtis Bradley , Duke Law School , former Counselor on International Law in the State Department Legal Adviser ’s Office14
David Cole , Georgetown University Law Center
Walter Dellinger , Duke Law School , former Deputy Assistant Attorney General , Office of Legal Counsel and Acting Solicitor General
Ronald Dworkin , NYU Law School
Richard Epstein , University of Chicago Law School , Senior Fellow , Hoover Institution
Philip B. Heymann , Harvard Law School , former Deputy Attorney General
Harold Hongju Koh , Dean , Yale Law School , former Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy , Human Rights and Labor , former Attorney - Adviser , Office of Legal Counsel , DOJ
Martin Lederman , Georgetown University Law Center , former Attorney - Adviser , Office of Legal Counsel , DOJ
Beth Nolan , former Counsel to the President and Deputy Assistant Attorney General , Office of Legal Counsel
William S. Sessions , former Director , FBI , former Chief United States District Judge
Geoffrey Stone , Professor of Law and former Provost , University of Chicago
Kathleen Sullivan , Professor and former Dean , Stanford Law School
Laurence H. Tribe , Harvard Law School
William Van Alstyne , William & Mary Law School , former Justice Department attorney
But she felt she was being discriminated against at work and contacted the BBC News website to express her point of view .
If you have any other story ideas you can send them to the BBC using the form at the bottom of the page .
Even though she does not deal with the public face - to - face , Rebecca 's latest employers told her she must wear a cardigan to conceal her tattoos .
And in the hot weather , this can get unbearable , she says .
At a previous workplace she was made to cover up and " on a hot day I passed out and cracked my head in a toilet cubicle " .
After that incident , she says , she was given a desk fan , but this was taken away two days later for health and safety reasons .
" After all that , they allowed me to wear short sleeves at work , " she said .
But for the last month Ms Holdcroft , from Hitchin , Hertfordshire , has been working for business outsourcer Vertex , dealing with applications for education benefits on behalf of Hertfordshire County Council .
Vertex says it believes it applied its dress code correctly , but has promised to review its policy in light of Ms Holdcroft 's case .
All her dealings with the public are on the phone .
" I do n't deal with the public , but I have to cover up in the office .
I think it 's kind of ridiculous , " she said .
She says her tattoos are not sexually explicit , neither are they racist .
She says some tattoos were visible at her job interview , but it was not until her second day in the office that she was told they looked " unprofessional " and she should cover up .
" If I am sitting I can take my cardigan off , but if I am walking around the office I have to put it back on , " she said .
She says it is discrimination - even though the Citizens Advice Bureau and a solicitor have both told her there is no law to protect her .
" There are other people in the office that have tattoos , but not to the same extent .
They are n't being told to cover up .
" I can't afford not to have a job so at the moment I comply with what work are asking .
Even so , I 'm not the only one in the office who thinks it is ridiculous . "
While body art is now acceptable for public figures , such as David Beckham and Robbie Williams , in the office " it still seems to be a real problem " , she says .
" It 's just disappointing .
It does n't matter how well you work , what matters is what you look like , " she said .
" Personally I do n't think it should be a disciplinary issue .
On a hot day I would like to feel comfortable .
" I want to feel I am not being judged on my appearance , but how well I am doing my job . "
As to how members of the public themselves react , she says she once had a job in a shop and found , other than a few comments , she had no problems .
" It is just traditionally thought that people who have tattoos are either louts or criminals but that could n't be further from the truth , " she said .
" People who like tattoos are n't all criminals , they are n't all louts , they just like body art .
" I like body art , it 's a way of expressing .
It 's always been around . "
" It 's just another way of changing the way you look .
I always liked tattoos , and I had some blank skin , so I thought why not ? "
A spokeswoman for Vertex said it would review their policy .
" We expect all our employees to dress appropriately at all times and have certain minimum dress standards which we apply , " she said .
" Of course , our employees are given the flexibility to dress according to the seasons , as well as any personal circumstances , which may make the wearing of uniforms or certain clothing items uncomfortable or impractical .
" In this case we believe that we have applied our dress code correctly .
" Our employee did raise their concerns regarding our policy and , given the sensitivity around this particular issue , we have relaxed our policy to accommodate her specific needs .
We will review our policy in light of this matter . "
What other subjects do you want to talk about ?
E-mail your suggestions using the link below and have your say !
A selection of your earlier comments
Her tattoos look amazing but are not suitable for the workplace .
I have tattoos myself , but they are covered when I am in the workplace .
Surely a long sleeve blouse is more than comfortable in the workplace !
Fair or not - people judge by appearance and some styles are better in the correct context .
Jason James , Clifton , Bristol , UK
I personally do n't care how many tattoos or piercings people have , although I do n't much care for them .
It 's more important that the person is decent , hard working and honest .
Yiota Panayi Davis , Cambridge , Cambridgeshire
Sorry - I would not be able to take her seriously in a business environment .
Could you imagine what a new customer would think when they met her for the first time .
When are people going to realise that you CAN 'T have everything their own way ?
Dave , Kidderminster
To be honest , I can see this from both perspectives .
I have tattoos and piercings , both of which I have had for over 10 years and I love them .
They are a part of me , of who I am and how I wish to express myself .
I do not believe I should be judged on that and in this day and age , people should be more open minded .
However , that 's not reality .
I cover up my tattoos at work ( most of the time .... summer weather it's not always possible ) and I do n't wear my labret ( lip ) piercing .
I do n't want to be judged by how I look but how well I do my job .
Nic , Edinburgh , UK
Whilst I think that Rebecca looks incredible and her tattoos are clearly a big part of her life I do disagree with her attitude .
Like Rebecca , I am a heavily tattooed female and have tattoos that are visible in short sleeves .
I , luckily work for a company that do not mind me showing my tattoos .
However , this level of trust from my employer does come with an element of responsibility and I am very conscious never to put my employers in an embarrassing situation .
Sally , London , UK
With all due resepect David Beckham is hardly tattoed to the extent that you are .
Whilst I do n't find your tattoes offensive in the slightest , buisnesses have a right to decide what image to present to the public ( including the staff that are employed ) and a right to uphold that image .
I 'd like an eyebrow piercing but it goes against my employer 's dress code .
It 's quite simple really - comply with their rules or find another job !!!
James Stevens , Llandudno
I have tattoos and agree that it is not what you look like but if you can do the job then that 's what counts .
Michael Dailly , Ellesmere Port - U.K .
I am in the process of applying to become a Police Officer , and have already encountered the potential problems because of my tattoos .
I have some writing along the outside of each forearm - neither is crude nor offensive - and when applying to the Police sent photos of these tattoos as the application form requests .
I got a reply back saying that they had noticed from the photos that I have tattoos on my upper arms and asking for photos of these .
I called to query this - the application form is quite specific about requiring details of tattoos on the ' forearms , hands , face and neck ' - and was told that they needed to see the ones on my upper arms " as some people find tattoos intimidating " .
I would be very disappointed to be discriminated against by a Police Force when they are supposed to represent the community as a whole and are pushing ' positive discrimination ' when recruiting .
I can understand that employers want to maintain a public image , and with the Police Force there is a desire to have an air of ' respectability ' .
The problem is that some institutions still consider that tattoos are not ' respectable ' , and it is this mindset that needs to change .
Good for Rebecca for taking a stand and good for the BBC for publishing her story !
Duncan Paine , Preston , England
Tattoos seem to be part of a youth culture these days .
In 20 or 30 years time Rebecca will regret having them .
Easily done , hard to remove .
Richard , Zagreb
It 's horses for courses .
If you want to step outside the norm , then do n't expect to be employed by a mainstream company .
If you have a penchant for green hair , nose piercings , tatoos - in fact anything extreme , you need to work in an environment where such expressions of individuality are celebrated .
Deborah Jones , Guildford
In this day and age many more people seem to be getting tattooed , & a lot of the tattoo's that are worn nowadays are very much works of art & should be seen !
It is a shame that they should have to be covered up because of the small minded views of a few people .
I have quite a bit of tattoo coverage myself & I am a mum of five and a grandmother of 4 , I find that my tattoo's are much admired when they are on show .
tracey forman , market deeping
This foolish girl is living in a fantasy land if she thinks employers will accept her tattoos to be on display .
Most employers want to display an image of professionalism and to have an employee showing tattoos such as these would demonstrate that they have employed someone who clearly has a total lack of judgment .
Chris , sevenoaks , kent
In one job about eight years ago I was told to wear plain socks instead of the bright colours I preferred .
Nothing was said about the outrageous ties that I used to wear at the same time !
In deference to my supervisor whom I respected I complied but after he had left I reverted to the loudest socks I could find .
Mike Joseph , Chipperfield , Herts , UK
She should not have to cover up at all , she looks amazing - it's the rest of the backward society that should cover up and shut up !
nicki phillips , bedfordshire
At the moment I only have a small tattoo of a bear just above my right ankle .
It 's easy to cover up and becausse of my line of work ( physiotherapy ) I will not have any tattoo's on my arms .
I think it depends a bit on your job .
If you have a job that brings you into contact with customers a lot , the company can demand of you to dress and behave in a certain way .
If on the other hand you 're just working in an office the employers should not make such a fuss .
Brenda Groenendijk , Bunnik The Netherlands
Perhaps she should wear a long - sleeved shirt with a collar , like all the millions of male office workers round the world are made to .
J Barber , London
She remarks " I want to feel I am not being judged on my appearance " , and then spends thousands on her appearance .
I think it looks vulgar , and would refuse to sit next her if she was an office colleague .
kerry , London , England
If she wants to work in a professional workplace she needs to comply with the environment , if I was a manager I would expect people to dress professionally during working hours .
Mahmoud , Birmingham , UK
The ' Business World ' needs to wake up .
It still seems to have its head mired in the past , believing that the only business capable people are those who wear suits , have smart hair cuts and carry a briefcase .
I believe it is absolutely criminal ( and I have seen it happen ) that eminently more capable candidates for jobs have been turned down because of the way they look , either because of tattoos , long hair ( my own particular catagory ) , or anything else which is n't regarded as ' the norm ' .
Richard Lauder , Lincoln
Po enajstih letih padel Jani Möderndorfer državne energetike .
Na koncu nesramno zahteval kar 36 plač , dali pa so mu jih 6 .
Mr Worley said he was told Santa was a Disney character
Not wanting to disappoint , Mr Worley , 60 , played along with some " ho - ho - hos " .
But Disney officials descended , telling him to stop the impersonation or get out of the park .
They said they wanted to preserve the magic of Santa .
Mr Worley took off his red hat and red shirt but said : " I look this way 24/7 , 365 days a year .
This is me . "
' Confusing '
Even after bowing to the request to alter his appearance , Mr Worley , from Tampa , said children continued to ask if he was Santa .
" How do you tell a little kid , ' No , go away , little kid ' , " Mr Worley told local television .
He said Disney had told him " Santa was considered a Disney character " .
Officials at Disney World 's Epcot park said they had had complaints from " several guests who were very upset " .
Disney said it had its own Santa at Epcot and Mr Worley was " confusing " the children .
Mr Worley said he had played a jolly elf at charity events for a number of years , while his wife sometimes dressed up as Mrs Claus .
Mr Worley said he still loved Disney and Christmas .
In order to work effectively with coworkers and clients , you need to understand their viewpoint .
Over the last few years , I have discovered that a person 's approach to rules such as processes or standards is an important element in understanding and predicting how they will operate in the workplace .
One reason this is a useful measure is that there is a wide variation across the population : from the rule makers who believe strongly in the rules to the rule breakers who cannot stand following them .
I have identified three broad categories to represent this spectrum of approaches to working with rules .
Bureaucratic :
You feel that rules are necessary to get things done .
You want a rule for every situation - documented of course .
You are uncomfortable when there are no rules .
You are shocked when someone breaks the rules , and do not agree with their justification , whatever it is .
You are the rule maker .
: You feel that rules are necessary to get things done .
You want a rule for every situation - documented of course .
You are uncomfortable when there are no rules .
You are shocked when someone breaks the rules , and do not agree with their justification , whatever it is .
You are the rule maker .
Chaotic :
You feel that rules are unnecessary or worse are obstacles to getting the job done .
You are uncomfortable with lots of rules .
You tend to ignore the rules .
You think the rules do not apply to you or your situation .
You are the rule breaker .
: You feel that rules are unnecessary or worse are obstacles to getting the job done .
You are uncomfortable with lots of rules .
You tend to ignore the rules .
You think the rules do not apply to you or your situation .
You are the rule breaker .
Pragmatic :
You feel rules are important , but should not be followed blindly when doing so would interfere with getting the job done .
You are more likely to follow the spirit of a rule rather than follow it to the letter .
You prefer guidelines to rules .
The pragmatic approach lies in the middle between chaotic and bureaucratic .
I find that understanding how my coworkers or clients approach rules compared to myself helps me to deal more effectively with those that differ from my viewpoint .
I classify myself as a pragmatic , leaning slightly towards the bureaucratic .
I work easily with other pragmatics : when our viewpoints do differ concerning particular rules , such as the amount of process to employ , we can debate the merits of our viewpoints and come to a common understanding .
When dealing with bureaucrats , they often ask for specific rules or standards which I tend to avoid as being overly constraining or simplistic .
My tendency as a pragmatic is to instead offer guidelines , which only frustrates them .
So I am learning to provide those types of individuals with more concrete instructions to keep them happy .
I have dealt less often with truly chaotic individuals - most are at least somewhat pragmatic .
For those that complain about following processes , I talk about the underlying purpose of the rule and the expected benefits of complying .
I have not found a satisfactory answer , however , for those that simply refuse to follow process .
The corporate culture of a team or organization can also be classified according to its approach to rules .
This environment will tend to attract people with the same tendencies , who will in turn reinforce that culture .
So government jobs , usually a rule - heavy environment , are often filled by bureaucrats , while small companies and start - ups with few rules often attract chaotic individuals such as the stereotypical cowboy coder .
In fact , I believe this classification can help explain why organizations tend to become more bureaucratic and less adaptable as they grow in size .
As a small company grows , it slowly requires more organization and rules in order to function , such as more layers of management , and more formal budgeting .
As the rules increase , the original chaotic individuals become less comfortable , and tend to leave for new start - ups or smaller companies .
The company becomes more attractive for bureaucrats , who tend to increase the number of rules , especially if they are in senior positions .
Unchecked and given sufficient time and growth , this trend can turn a formerly small , rules - light company into a bureaucratic large company .
As a pragmatic , I believe that all rules should have a purpose for existing - benefits to the organization or team that outweigh the cost of complying .
If in a particular situation following a rule would not realize those benefits or would cause harm , then I believe it should not be followed .
How do you view rules ?
Are you a rule maker or a rule breaker ?
Tweet
If you find this article helpful , please make a donation .
Millions of birds have been culled to stymie bird flu
They fear this could increase the risk to humans - and complicate the search for an effective vaccine .
The US team analysed more than 300 H5N1 samples taken from infected birds and people between 2003 and summer 2005 .
Details were presented to the International Conference on Emerging Infectious Diseases in Atlanta .
Back in 2003 we only had one genetically distinct population of H5N1 with the potential to cause a human pandemic .
Now we have two
Dr Rebecca Garten
Prior to 2005 every known human case of bird flu had been caused by a particular subtype of the H5N1 virus , which infected people in Vietnam , Cambodia and Thailand .
But the latest analysis by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention identified a genetically distinct variant which appears to have emerged last year , infecting people in Indonesia .
Researcher Dr Rebecca Garten said : " As the virus continues its geographic expansion , it is also undergoing genetic diversity expansion
" Back in 2003 we only had one genetically distinct population of H5N1 with the potential to cause a human pandemic .
Now we have two . "
Pandemic concern
The H5N1 strain of bird flu has spread across Europe , Africa and parts of Asia and killed nearly 100 people worldwide and infected about 180 since it re-emerged in 2003 .
The virus is still a bird virus , it is not yet a human virus , and it may never be a human virus
Professor Hugh Pennington
Scientists fear it could evolve to gain the ability to jump easily from human to human , at which point it could trigger a pandemic , resulting in millions of deaths world - wide .
All influenza viruses mutate easily , and H5N1 appears to be no exception .
Dr Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's influenza branch , stressed that neither of the two genetic subtypes of H5N1 had the ability to pass easily from human to human .
US authorities are now working on vaccines to combat both subtypes .
However , the development of a definitive vaccine can only take place once the exact form of a pandemic virus is known .
Despite this researchers are confident that a vaccine that could protect against one subtype of H5N1 would also offer at least partial protection against the other .
Professor Hugh Pennington , a microbiologist at Aberdeen University , said flu viruses were expert at evolving rapidly to exploit new opportunities .
He said it was possible that either of the two subtypes could gain the ability to jump from person to person .
Science may have under -estimated the ability of H5N1 to spread across large areas of the world in the way that it has already done , he said .
" But no need to panic .
The virus is still a bird virus , it is not yet a human virus , and it may never be a human virus .
" As long as we manage to keep it reasonably under control in the birds I think we can breathe relatively easily for at least a year or two . "
We 're teaching my older daughter to drive .
She 's had her permit since late August , and we try to make sure she drives 2 - 4 hours / week .
In reality , that 's not a lot of driving .
Just commuting to work most likely takes you 5 hours / week .
But this past weekend , my daughter drove back from our ski weekend in Vermont to Boston , in the nor 'easter .
Here in New England , nor 'easters are a fact of life .
In the winter , they dump a bunch a snow , or frozen slush which turns to ice .
In the fall and spring , they dump a lot of rain , which sometimes turns to ice .
Because some form of precipitation is a common part of driving , New Englanders who learn from their driving experiences tend to be fairly good at driving in snow , ice , and rain .
It 's not fun , but it 's doable .
There are people who never learn from their driving experience in snow or ice .
Every year , they 're surprised by the snow or the ice , and they drive too fast ( or too slow ) .
These people may have plenty of years of driving experience , but it 's the same year repeated over and over again .
Some parents want to protect their kids from driving in treacherous conditions .
I have to admit , that was me on Sunday .
But Mark said , “ Do you want her to learn how to drive in the snow and the ice with one of us in the front seat or by herself ? ”
Ok , Mark is clearly the thinking one here 🙂
You 've probably met people who claim 5 , 10 , 17 years of experience doing something , and you 'd like to make sure they really do have that experience , not one year of experience several times .
If you 're not sure how to detect someone with the same year of experience several times , here are some questions you can adapt for your needs :
“ Tell me about the first time you did that kind of work … ”
“ What was similar and different about this last time ( use the candidate 's resume for example projects ) ? … ”
“ Tell me a about a new skill you learned . ” …
“ What steps did you take to learn it ? ” … “ How did you know you 'd mastered that skill ? ”
“ How can you tell you 've learned this skill / technique / practice ? ”
People who know the difference between the same year of experience multiple times and multiple years of experience have answers to these questions .
People who do the same thing year - in , year - out do n't have good answers .
We 're trying to help our daughter gain that full year of experience that the graduated driver 's license requires , without putting her or other people at risk .
She 'll have a year of experience driving .
She still might not like driving in ice and snow , but she 'll be able to do so .
How about you ?
Can you see differences in your work now and last year ?
If not , make sure you 're not acquiring the same year of experience all over again .
And when you interview people , ask questions to see how a candidate has learned and grown in their work over time .
Share this : Email
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
by Dave Silvermandsilverman@atheists.org As
I have said many times before , the purpose of this column is not to promote the " us vs. them " mentality against the theists , rather to promote understanding and tolerance .
However , we all know that many theists are so closed - minded about us that they wo n't even talk to us , let alone try to understand us .
This is usually not their fault , as they are told terrible things about us by people they trust , their preachers , whose whole livelihood depends on their parishioners staying in the flock .
It is this prejudice and conflict which is one of the main factors keeping atheists in the closet and theists in ignorance .
With dialogue , not prejudice , both sides will benefit and the country will become a freer place .
In this article I will therefore mention many of the myths about atheists that are popular among theists , as well as my usual responses .
With any luck , this will prepare atheists for future confrontations and therefore make them more confident to announce themselves , as well as allow theist readers to better understand the atheist mentality .======================================================You can understand why theists believe this , after being told this over and over by their preachers .
This belief is reinforced by the fact that believers must be bound bymuch more than a simple belief in God .
For example , Catholics must also have the same stances on abortion , contraception , and homosexuality in order to be called a " good Catholic . "
It only goes to follow that atheism must be similar .
However , atheism is not a religion , rather the absence of religion .
As such , we are bound only by our atheism .
We are republicans and democrats , men and women , gays and straights , blacks and whites .
We accept every person as they are as equals , and delight in our diversity ( not many religions can say that ) .
We disagree with eachother on many issues , and discussion is encouraged and common .
Above all , atheists demand the right to disagree , even if it means with each other .
What a sad world it is when people can seriously say that humans need to fear eternal damnation in order to do good .
It is the one statement which at the same time stirs both anger and pity in most atheists ; anger because it is a bigoted , prejudicial statement which serves no purpose except to promote intolerance , and pity because it highlights the speaker 's ignorance and willingness to accept such crap without question .
At the risk of validating the question , a reply needs to be made in order to expose the speaker to the idea that what they 've heard is wrong on so many dimensions .
It must not be answered with anger , but with compassion .
Humans have the idea of right and wrong imbedded in them by their own brains , as well as their upbringing and society .
Atheists do good , not out of fear of reprisal , but because it 's the right thing to do .
We value family , society , culture , and , of course , freedom .
Many of us will - and have - defend these values with our lives .
Examples :1) Many Catholics make judgement calls on moral decisions against their church .
For example , some use birth control or have abortions , despite what their church preaches .
If these people can make moral decisions despite what their church preaches , then atheists can make similar choices without a church altogether .
2 ) Slavery was not only acceptable 200 years ago , it was considered a good deed by many , and defended using the bible .
The bible was also used to justify the Holocaust , the Crusades , and the Spanish Inquisition .
Why is this relevant ?
Because it shows that the bible can be used to defend even the most immoral and unethical ideals , and is therefore not an adequate yardstick tomeasure moral or ethical behavior .
3 ) Finally , mention bad religious people .
Remember that Hitler was a religious Catholic , and that Jeffrey Dahmer said grace before he ate his victims .
Mention also that one need only open a newspaper to find yet another story about allegations against priests for sexual misconduct , often with children .
Do n't forget our good friends Jim Baker ( who swindled millions from his flock ) and Jimmy Swaggart ( asked for forgiveness only after being caught using prostitutes ) .
4 ) Always couple these statements with the fact that , while atheists make up 8 - 10 % of the population at large , we only make up 1 % of the population in prison .
I mean , think of it , what if 8 - 10 % of the population ( on top of all the religious criminals ) decided it was OK to steal , rape , and murder ?
We 'd have chaos !
These will serve to provethat religion and ethical behavior are not even slightly related .
Expect these statements to piss off the theists , and this is where you must mention that what you said is verifiable and that their statement is openly prejudicial against 25 million people .
This is the opportunity to open their eyes to the fact that just because we 're different from them does n't make us inherently bad .
Atheism is not a scientific theory , rather a lack of religion .
We do believe in science , and that all questions will eventually be answered with science if they are not answered today .
It 's gone well so far , giving theories regarding evolution , geologicalmovement , and the Big Bang , all supported by evidence , but not necessarily endorsed by all atheists .
Creationism does not give all the answers , either .
Furthermore , it goes so far as to choose which questions to answer , and discourages the asking of the rest .
Believers are loath to discuss where God came from , or what he was doing before the creation .
They refuse to give good answers for the many biblical inconsistencies or for the terrible injustices in the world , because they know that no such answers exist .
They merely answer with " there are things which we mere humans cannot fully understand " or " the Lord works in mysterious ways " .
In the end , religion does n't answer as many questions as it raises .
Again , this is a two sided coin , but the theists are loathe to admit the other side .
Atheists do n't need to prove the non-existence of God , any more we need to prove the nonexistence of Zeus or Jupiter .
Can theists prove God over any alternatives ?
Of course not .
Nobody can prove God exists , yet they will stand on their heads saying they 're sure .
Well , if they can be sure despite evidence to the contrary , we can be sure in light of evidence in support of atheism .
Absolutely wrong .
We seek only the freedom for people to make their choice on their own , free of intervention from the government or public school system .
We seek the freedom not to support religion through taxes , forced participation , or special privileges of any kind .
That being said , your thoughts are your rights , and none of our business .
Wear your jewelry , celebrate your holidays , and pray in your house , church , or in public if you like .
Just do n't force your religion on other people .
That 's what we 're all about .
This is in direct contrast to many of the world 's religions , including Christianity , which include worldwide expansion as one of their central objectives .
Is n't it amazing that they falsely accuse us of doing what they do openly , only with atheism it 's evil ?
To try to force atheism would by hypocritical , since we would be placing pressure from the state on people to believe a certain way .
But let me give a good analogy to our objectives and at the same time answer this charge using the money we use every day .
"
In God We Trust , " is the government actively promoting religion .
" In God We Do Not Trust , " would be the government promoting atheism .
We advocate the complete omission of the statement thereby rendering the money neutral .
We feel the same way about the rest of the government .
It should be the " Switzerland of the religious debate , " while at the same time being the protectorate of the individual .
Some people look for miracles where none exist ( they never do ) .
Allow me to put things in perspective : Someone 's cancer going into remission is no miracle , but we can talk when disease suddenly disappears from the face of the earth overnight without help from medical science .
Food getting through to a hungry village : human perseverance .
Starvation vanishing from earth without a reason overnight : Miracle .
One more time : A child is born - science ;
The spontaneous end of birth defects - Miracle .
Got it ?
Note : only good things are miracles , so volcanoes , tornadoes , and hurricanes do n't count .
Wrong .
We are " pushing " a very positive statement : that living without dependence on a false deity is easy , fulfilling , and positive .
We strive to be a positive influence in the world , and think each person can - and must - find their own meaning of life .
We are thinkers , philosophers , and we thrive on discussion and diversity .
We are proud , happy , and most of all , free .
Compare that to original sin and Hell .
I like getting this question .
I sense another list coming :1 ) Drug addicts go through life happy , so would theists suggest we all use drugs and stay home ?
We would be happy , and not hurting anybody , so where 's the harm ?
The harm is the same for believers .
They go through life happy , but it 's a false , wasteful happiness .
Atheists get happiness from family , contribution to society , charity , and truth .2 ) Religious people should not be lumped into one category for this question .
Remember , religions are also biased against each other ( Jews vs. Catholics Vs. Protestants , etc ) , so no matter what religion the speaker follows , most of the world thinks they 're going to hell ( or other punishment ) , just like atheists .
Ask them which religion has the worst punishment , and whether they would convert to that religion on that one factor , just in case they 're right .
When they tell you how absurd that question is , remind them that they asked it first .
3 ) To convert and practice a specific religion just to ingratiate yourself with God and avoid going to hell is pure , self - serving greed , which is one of the seven deadlysins .
Therefore , by their own thinking , even if they are right and I do convert , I 'd go to hell anyway , along with everyone else in the flock whose actions are so motivated ( possibly including the speaker ) .
More fantasy from the believers , that there could never exist a single human whose reason and logical abilities surpass the pressure from society to believe in a deity .
This is especially true in a situation of imminent death , where they believe all atheists would drop to our knees and beg God for forgiveness .
Would n't it be nice if we could somehow be sure that those who currently disagree with us would come around in the end and know we were right ?
Just like most other parts of religion , this is blatant fantasy .
There are 25 Million atheists in the country , more that Jews and Blacks combined .
Many atheists became atheists not because they were born into it ( like most theists ) , rather because we contemplated god in its many forms and decided it just does n't make an ounce of sense .
This is n't a choice , it 's fact - a logical proof .
We are simply too logical to believe God is anything more than fantasy .
As far as foxholes go , when I face death , as we all do sooner or later , I will use the last few remaining seconds of my life to remember my favorite moments , and evaluate my contribution to my family and society .
I would definitely not waste precious time praying to a deity " just in case I 'm wrong " I 'm not .
True , some of the founding fathers were Christian , but some were Deists ( generally believed in God ) , and some were outright atheists .
But a more important point needs to be made : the founding fathers went out of their way to specify that church and state be separate .
They believed that their religion was just that : theirs and theirs alone .
They also remembered that they were their trying to be free of the state church of England , and recognized from their first - hand experience that true religious freedom can only come when belief is left to the individual .
It is this ideal , among others , for which our forefathers fought and died .
Individual religious choice - including the right not to practice - is still under assault in this country .
Those who would prefer to make the choice for you have labeled us criminal , evil ne'er - do - wells and launched a massive campaign to keep freethinkers subdued .
They have been successful , mainly because atheism is fragmented andcloseted .
They continue to be successful , but we can reverse the trend .
Atheists must make themselves known .
If you are reading this , and you are a closet atheist , you owe it to your country , your fellow atheists , and yourself to let people know how you feel .
Start by coming to our convention in June , and meeting other people like yourself .
You 'll be amazed at how good it feels to speak , listen , and party with people who openly agree with you .
Bring a friend.================================================(
In addition to his work as a State Director for American Atheists , " NJ Dave " is a professional inventor .
He welcomes e-mail at dsilverman@atheists.org . )
The article is kept in Mukto - mona Article page .
Autor Remo Savisaar on sündinud 1978 .
aastal Tartus .
Loodus on teda köitnud juba lapsepõlvest saadik .
Loodusfotograafiaga on Remo tegelenud viimased 15 aastat .
Tema töid on pärjatud mitmesuguste auhindadega ja need on leidnud tunnustust ka rahvusvahelisel tasandil .
Remo pildipäevik blog.moment.ee tunnistati 2006 .
aasta loomafotode kategoorias maailma parimaks ( Photobloggies 2006 Awards ) .
Loe edasi »
Herbes de Provence , an essential component of French and Mediterranean cooking , is a mixture of dried herbs that adds a distinctive flavor to dishes such as chicken , roasted vegetables , grilled fish , salads , tomato - based soups , and stews like ratatouille .
Herbes de Provence originated in the southeastern region of France , where summertime herbs are plentiful and used in daily cooking .
But it only became familiar in America during the 1970s , after Julia Child began teaching home chefs around the world about French cooking .
At this time , commercial varieties of the mixture began popping up in grocery stores , making the herb mixture more accessible .
While you can purchase herbes de Provence in most supermarkets , it 's just as easy to make your own .
Plus , you can adjust the amounts and ingredients according to personal taste .
There are many herbs ( and spices ) that can collectively be called herbes de Provence , but the basic recipe includes fennel , marjoram , parsley , rosemary , tarragon , and thyme .
Other recipes include ( or omit ) basil , bay leaves , savory , chervil , sage , oregano , mint , and lavender .
Kathy Najimy wo n't be watching " Project Runway " anymore .
The former " Veronica 's Closet " star is upset with " dangerous " comments made by Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn on last week 's episode pertaining to plus - size women .
Najimy , who over the years has lost 160 lbs , sent a passionate e-mail to Bravo exec Andy Cohen , who is a friend of Kathy 's , outlining her grievances with the episode , which Cohen has since posted on his blog .
Kathy took particular issue with Gunn calling one of the runway models " zaftig " ( pleasantly plump ) and Heidi 's comment that an outfit made a model look plus-size , which Najimy believes implied that plus - size was " the ultimate of horrors . "
In the e-mail Najimy points out how these comments , along with societal pressure to be thin , are particularly harmful to the body images of young girls .
Najimy adds " And I especially hope that Heidi Klum 's beautiful daughter never has to grow up in the self - hatred and self - mutilation that occurs when girls and women are suffocated by irresponsible , dangerous comments like the ones Heidi made ... "
On his blog , Cohen came to Klum 's defense by saying " Heidi cares a lot about little girls watching the show and about the image that we project . "
Last night 's episode lightly touched on the topic by having the contestants design everyday outfits for " everyday women " and featured the designers ' own mothers and sisters as models .
While Kathy may not be watching anymore episodes , by the looks of " Project Runway 's " plus - size ratings this year , it looks like everybody else sure is !
Related
Googleのように技術力を売りにする企業が成長を続けると同時に、インターネット上で利用される技術の幅も広がっている。こうした中、インターネットでサービスを提供する企業はどういったR＆D戦略を進め、いかにして新技術を自社サービスの中に取り入れているのか。5月に開催されたNew Industry Leaders Summit（NILS）にて「 LAB（ラボ）−新しいR＆Dマネジメントの考察」と題したセッションが開催され、インターネット技術を駆使したビジネスを展開する3社の代表が技術戦略を語った。
同セッションに登壇したのは、楽天 取締役常務執行役員 兼 ポータル・メディア事業カンパニー 社長 吉田敬氏 、NTT レゾナント ポータル事業本部 技術マーケティング部部長 工学博士 濱野輝夫氏、サイボウズ・ラボ 代表取締役社長 畑慎也氏 の3 名だ。モデレーター のECナビ 代表取締 役CEO 宇佐美進典氏も含め、ラボ やR＆Dというテーマについてそれぞれの戦略を語った。
技術の重要度、そして 「 ラボ」の存在意義
モデレーター のECナビ 代表取締 役CEO 宇佐美進典氏 モデレーター のECナビ 代表取締 役CEO 宇佐美進典 氏
モデレーターの宇佐美氏が代表を務めるECナビでも、2005年11月に「ECナビラボ」を設立したばかり。これは、同氏が「経営戦略上で技術が重要な役割を持つと感じるようになった」というように、技術力が経営の行方に影響を与えていることを意味する。宇佐美氏がまずスピーカーに聞いたのは、経営の中における技術の重要度についてだ。
NTTレゾナントの濱野氏は、最近のトレンドとして「 Web 2.0的な参加型の開発や、オープンソース、APIの公開といった流れが進み、多くの人がオープンにアイデアを出し合うことで新しいサービスを作る手法が主流となってきた」と話す。「技術そのものはもちろんのこと、こうした技術者コミュニティの動きをいかにして取り込むかが重要だ」というのが、濱野氏の考えだ。
一方、楽天の吉田氏は、新しい技術的トレンドはあるものの、「技術が重要だったのは、インターネットのサービスが始まった時からずっとそうだった」という。楽天はマーケティングに強い会社と見られがちだが、技術には設立当初からフォーカスしていたという。
技術の重要度がずっと変わらないという点は、サイボウズ・ラボの畑氏も同意している。ただし、2005年8月になってサイボウズが独自の研究開発会社としてサイボウズ・ラボを設立したのは、技術開発に集中するための施設という位置づけはもちろんのこと、「サイボウズのテクノロジブランドを築き上げたかった」（畑氏）という点も大きな理由のようだ。
サイボウズ・ラボ 代表取締役社長 畑慎也氏 サイボウズ・ラボ 代表取締役社長 畑慎也 氏
畑氏は、 「サイボウズ製品を利用しているユーザーは、サイボウズが技術力の高い会社だと感じているかもしれないが、サイボウズはマーケティング色も強いため、技術者にとってサイボウズが技術会社として魅力があるかどうかは疑問だ」と話す。例えばGoogleなどは、技術力の高さでも企業ブランドとしても知られているため、技術者の採用も買い手市場だが、サイボウズでは技術者の応募者数も多いとは言えない。「テクノロジブランドを打ち出すことで、技術者不足を少しでも改善したかった」と畑氏は明かす。
サイボウズ・ラボを立ち上げたことで、技術者の採用は「大幅に良くなったとまではいえないが、設立時の計画通りの改善は進んでいる」と畑氏。ただし、「必ずしも技術力の高い人がラボ向きかというと、そうではない」という。それは、ラボでは売上や利益に連動したボーナスなどが存在しないためだ。「自分の作った製品の売上や利益がモチベーションとなる人にとってはやりにくいかもしれない。その場合は、（ボーナスなどの制度がある）本社に紹介することもある」（畑氏）
採用面でのメリットについては、楽天の吉田氏も認めている。ただ、ラボという形態は持たないものの、「楽天としても、ブログが普及するよりずっと以前の2001年8月に（ブログ形式の）『楽天広場』を開始するなど、各社がラボと称して実験していることと同じような取り組みは継続的に続けている」と話す。
こうした研究開発や新サービスへの投資ができるかどうかは、「企業体力にもよるだろう」と吉田氏。楽天は、売上規模も大きくなっていることから、「昔はR＆Dに1億円投資するとなると、売り上げに占める割合も大きかったが、今では例えば年間の経常利益の2％をR＆Dに回したとしても10億円ほどの投資ができる。今後、楽天広場を始めた時のような取り組みをさらに推進したい」と述べた。
一方、ラボという特別な研究開発部隊を持つことで吉田氏が気がかりなのは、「通常業務で開発を続ける技術者が、ラボ部隊に参加できないことでモチベーションを失わないか」という点だ。
この懸念については、ECナビラボを立ち上げたモデレーターの宇佐美氏も理解を示している。実際ECナビでは、開発者がこぞって「自分もラボで開発をしたい」という風潮になってしまったという。そのためECナビでは、ラボの位置づけを「組織としてのラボ」から「研究結果を発表する場としてのラボ」へと転換しようとしている。つまり、通常の開発メンバーもラボでの開発に参加できる体制にするということだ。これは、Googleが「 Google Labs」を発表の場として位置づけているのと同じだ。
NTT レゾナントの提供する「 goo」にも、同様の位置づけで「gooラボ」が存在する。濱野氏はgooラボについて、「新しいアイデアやサービス、技術などを一般ユーザーにも公開し、フィードバックを受けつつブラッシュアップするための実験所」と説明する。
PETER YELLOWLEES , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California , Davis , has been teaching about schizophrenia for 20 years , but says that he was never really able to explain to his students just how their patients suffer .
So he went online , downloaded some free software and entered Second Life .
This is a “ metaverse ” ( ie , metaphysical universe ) , a three - dimensional world whose users , or “ residents ” , can create and be anything they want .
Mr Yellowlees created hallucinations .
A resident might walk through a virtual hospital ward , and a picture on the wall would suddenly flash the word “ shitface ” .
The floor might fall away , leaving the person to walk on stepping stones above the clouds .
An in - world television set would change from showing an actual speech by Bob Hawke , Australia 's former prime minister , into Mr Hawke shouting , “ Go and kill yourself , you wretch ! ” A reflection in a mirror might have bleeding eyes and die .
When Mr Yellowlees invited , as part of a trial , Second Life 's public into the ward , 73 % of the visitors said afterwards that it “ improved [ their ] understanding of schizophrenia . ”
Mr Yellowlees then went further .
For about $ 300 a month , he leases an island in Second Life , where he has built a clinic that looks exactly like the real one in Sacramento where many of his students practise .
He gives his students “ avatars ” , or online personas , so they can attend his lectures inside Second Life and then experience hallucinations .
“ It 's so powerful that some get quite upset , ” says Mr Yellowlees .
Second Life , as Mr Yellowlees illustrates , is not a game .
Admittedly , some residents — there were 747,263 as of late September , and the number is growing by about 20 % every month — are there just for fun .
They fly over islands , meander through castles and gawk at dragons .
But increasing numbers use Second Life for things that are quite serious .
They form support groups for cancer survivors .
They rehearse responses to earthquakes and terrorist attacks .
They build Buddhist retreats and meditate .
Many use it as an enhanced communications medium .
Mark Warner , a former governor of Virginia who is considered a possible Democratic candidate for president in 2008 , recently became the first politician to give an interview in Second Life .
His avatar ( also named Mark Warner ) flew into a virtual town hall and sat down with Hamlet Au , a full - time reporter in Second Life .
“ This is my first virtual appearance , ” Mr Warner joked , “ I 'm feeling a little disembodied . ”
They then proceeded to discuss Iraq and other issues as they would in real life , with 62 other avatars attending ( some of them levitating ) , until Mr Warner disappeared in a cloud of pixels .
By emphasising creativity and communication , Second Life is different from other synthetic online worlds .
Most “ massively multi- player online role - playing games ” , or MMORPGs ( pronounced “ morpegs ” ) , offer players pre-fabricated or themed fantasy worlds .
The biggest by far is “ World of Warcraft ” , by Blizzard Entertainment , a firm in California , which has more than 7 m subscribers .
These worlds are the modern , interactive , equivalents of Nordic myths and Tolkien fantasies , says Edward Castronova , a professor at Indiana University and the author of “ Synthetic Worlds : The Business and Culture of Online Games ” .
They allow players to escape into their imaginations , and to take part by , say , joining with others to slay a monster .
Making , not slaying
Second Life , by contrast , was designed from inception for a much deeper level of participation .
“ Since I was a kid , I was into using computers to simulate reality , ” says Philip Rosedale , the founder of Linden Lab , the San Francisco firm that launched Second Life commercially three years ago .
So he set out to construct something that would allow people to “ extend reality ” by building a virtual version of it , a “ second life ” not unlike that envisioned by Neal Stephenson in “ Snow Crash ” , a science - fiction novel published in 1992 .
Unlike other virtual worlds , which may allow players to combine artefacts found within them , Second Life provides its residents with the equivalent of atoms — small elements of virtual matter called “ primitives ” — so that they can build things from scratch .
Cory Ondrejka , Linden Lab 's product - development boss , gives the example of a piano .
Using atomistic construction , a resident of Second Life might build one out of primitives , with all the colours and textures that he would like .
He might add sound to the primitives representing the keys , so the piano could actually be played in Second Life .
“ Of course , since these are primitives , the piano could also fly or follow the resident around like a pet , ” says Mr Ondrejka .
Because everything about Second Life is intended to make it an engine of creativity , Linden Lab early on decided that residents should own the intellectual property inherent in their creations .
Second Life now allows creators to determine whether the stuff they conceive may be copied , modified or transferred .
Thanks to these property rights , residents actively trade their creations .
Of about 10 m objects created , about 230,000 are bought and sold every month in the in - world currency , Linden dollars , which is exchangeable for hard currency .
Linden Lab estimates that the total value ( in “ real ” dollars ) this year will be about $ 60 m .
Second Life already has about 7,000 profitable “ businesses ” , where avatars supplement or make their living from their in - world creativity .
The top ten in - world entrepreneurs are making average profits of just over $ 200,000 a year .
By emphasising creativity and communication , Second Life is different from other synthetic online worlds
Second Life 's total devotion to what is fashionably called “ user - generated content ” now places it , unlike other MMORPGs , at the centre of a trend called Web 2.0 .
This term usually refers to free online services delivered through a web browser — for example , social networks in which users blog and share photos .
Second Life is not delivered through a web browser but through its own software , which users need to install on their computers .
In other respects , however , it is now often held up as the best example of Web 2.0 .
“ It celebrates individuality , ” says Jaron Lanier , who pioneered the concept of “ virtual reality ” in the 1980s and is now “ science adviser ” at Linden Lab .
And it connects people , he says , because “ the act of creation is the act of being social . ”
The Web 2.0 crowd also extols Second Life for its highly original business model .
Most Web 2.0 firms try to build audiences around user - generated content in order to sell advertising to them .
This assumes the availability of unlimited advertising dollars , a notion that is increasingly ridiculed .
Linden Lab does not sell advertising ; instead it is a virtual property company .
It makes money when residents lease property — an island , say — by charging an average of $ 20 per virtual “ acre ” per month .
Only about 25,000 residents , or about 3 % or the population , lease property , but that already amounts to 53,800 acres , which , in real life , would be bigger than Boston .
This works out to monthly revenues of $ 1 m , not counting the commissions that it takes on currency exchanges between Linden dollars and hard cash .
As a private company , Linden Lab does not disclose its exact revenues , although Mr Rosedale says the firm is “ close to profitability ” .
A common reaction to such numbers is astonishment that anybody should pay anything at all for something that exists only in a metaphysical sense .
But “ there 's actually no economic puzzle in this ; all kinds of things derive their economic value only from the realm of the virtual , ” says Indiana University 's Mr Castronova .
The American dollar , for instance , is virtual ( aside from the value of the paper used for the bills ) in that it requires consumers to have faith in its worth .
In the context of online games , virtual economies much bigger than Second Life 's have existed for years .
Many people in poor countries , called “ gold farmers ” , play games such as “ World of Warcraft ” professionally to score weapons , points or lives to sell to lazier players in rich countries .
But Second Life is unique in that residents conceive what they sell .
As such , says Mr Lanier , it is “ probably the only example of a self - sustained economy ” on the internet .
For all these reasons — its ability to change the real lives of its residents , its innovations in technology and in its business model — Second Life has become a darling of Silicon Valley .
It promises to be “ disruptive ” , says Mitch Kapor , the inventor of the Lotus spreadsheet that played a big role in the personal - computer revolution of the 1980s and 1990s .
He is now chairman of Linden Lab .
To him , Second Life is comparable to both the PC and the internet itself , which started as something “ quirky ” for geeks , and then entered and transformed mainstream society .
“ Spending part of your day in a virtual world will become commonplace ” and “ profoundly normal , ” says Mr Kapor .
Ultimately , he thinks , Second Life will “ displace both desktop computing ” and other two - dimensional “ user interfaces ” .
As “ a hothouse of innovation and experiment , ” he says , Second Life may even “ accelerate the social evolution of humanity . ”
Back to this reality
It is bold and early to make such predictions .
After all , Second Life is still a relatively small virtual world — only about 9,000 residents are usually logged in at any one time , for example .
About two - thirds create content from scratch , but mostly they customise things that they find or browse passively .
And a lot of the wares on offer are banal .
Whereas a few residents choose very innovative bodies for their avatars , most have shapes , male and female , that hew to the default templates and look , predictably , like cosmetically enhanced porn stars .
Among the artefacts , there is some genuine art but quite a bit of junk .
Endless possibilities : Donna Meyer , a grandmother from New York , and her avatar
Is Second Life a nirvana where unknown talent can prove its creative mettle and make it in the real world ?
“ You can create your own island and people come to it , ” said Bill Joy , a co-founder of Sun Microsystems and now a prominent venture capitalist .
But “ I do n't see any correlation between that and what it 's going to take to be a designer and have a skill set to succeed in the world . ”
Mr Castronova also cautions against overestimating the depth and breadth of Second Life 's economy .
Yes , people do create clothes and games and spacecraft in Second Life and then sell them .
But most of the big money comes from the virtual equivalent of land speculation , as people lease islands , erect pretty buildings and then rent them to others at a premium .
Tongue in cheek , Mr Castronova compares Second Life 's in - world boom to America 's house - price bubble .
In artistic terms , there is not always much difference between building an in - world house and designing a personal web page .
There are also stirrings of discontent among some of the “ older ” ( if one can use that term in a three - year - old metaverse ) and more purist residents of Second Life about what they see as a menacing trend toward commercialism .
One avatar , for example , has created “ MetaAdverse ” , a network of advertising billboards inside Second Life to which property developers can feed images of their creations .
More controversially , Second Life is also attracting the attention of corporations and advertisers from the real world hoping to attract the metaverse 's residents .
Publishers now organise book launches and readings in Second Life .
The BBC has rented an island , where it holds music festivals and parties .
Sun Microsystems is preparing to hold in - world press conferences , featuring avatars of its top executives .
Wells Fargo , an American bank , has built a branded “ Stagecoach ” island , where avatars can pull Linden dollars out of a virtual cash machine and learn about personal finance .
Starwood , a hotel and resort chain , is unveiling one of its new hotels in the virtual world .
Toyota is the first carmaker to enter Second Life .
It has been giving away free virtual vehicles of its Scion brand and , in October , will start selling all three Scion models .
The price will be modest , says Adrian Si , the marketing manager at Toyota behind the project .
Toyota really hopes that an “ aftermarket ” develops as avatars customise their cars and sell them on , thus spreading the brand “ virally ” .
Toyota will be able to observe how avatars use the cars and might , conceivably , even get ideas for engineering modifications in the real world , he says .
Those Scion cars have “ great driving performance for in - world physics , ” says Reuben Steiger , the boss of Millions of Us , a company he founded this year to bring companies like Toyota into Second Life for marketing and brand - building .
“ How it corners and makes sounds when it changes gears is great . ”
So Toyota , which is a client of his , along with Sun Microsystems and even Mr Warner , shows that Second Life is “ perfect for creating experiences around a brand , ” says Mr Steiger .
“ We do n't think that conventional advertising will be very prevalent , ” he says , because it would “ be badly received culturally ” .
Advertising in Second Life is not about “ trapping people ” but about captivating and stimulating them .
A good campaign in Second Life costs about $ 200,000 dollars , he reckons , of which only a tiny part is property leases and most goes to paying the talented designers to create great virtual stuff .
Virtual strip mall ?
Inevitably , this sort of thing turns some residents off .
Will Second Life , that realm of individualism and pure creativity and spontaneity , get plastered over by the same mega - brands and mass culture that have , arguably , made the physical world such a homogenous place ?
In real life , many avatars argue , big business tends to push out small artisans .
If the same happens in Second Life , the metaverse will lose its raison d'être .
Mr Rosedale , Linden Lab 's founder , empathises with the concern , but thinks it is misplaced .
“ That is a fear which comes from the real world that is not likely to be borne out in Second Life , ” he says .
His arguments are all economic .
In the physical world land is scarce , so big brands can buy up much of it ; in Second Life , Linden Lab simply allocates more computer - processing power and makes even more islands available .
The world is infinitely expandable , in other words .
If one patch did become homogenous and drab , avatars would simply fly off to the next .
Another economic difference , says Mr Rosedale , is the lack of economies of scale in Second Life .
In real life , a shoemaker , say , can reduce the average cost of making a pair by producing huge amounts , and the average cost of marketing by buying advertising in bulk .
In Second Life , however , scale means nothing .
There is no manufacturing cost to minimise .
Gimmicks , such as giving away free shoes , are useless because nobody actually needs shoes at all .
Nike , say , has no inherent competitive advantage over a hobbyist who likes to design shoes ( or feet , paws , wings or claws ) for fun .
Thus , says Mr Rosedale , whereas the physical world has relatively few things that are sold in huge numbers , Second Life has huge numbers of things that are sold in relatively small quantities .
In the statistical jargon , Second Life 's economy trades in “ the long tail ” of things .
This is why , for the time being , Mr Rosedale prefers to rule Second Life with Adam Smith 's “ invisible hand ” only .
To him that means treating every resident the same , whether it happens to be Toyota or “ an 80 - year - old woman from India . ”
Both will pay the same price for their acres ; what they do with it is up to them .
If it ever became necessary , he adds , Linden Lab could “ become a regulator and break up monopolies ” , but this does not seem likely to come about .
How , then , is one to make sense of Second Life ?
For those new to it , it appears to be too mind - boggling to have much relevance to real life .
For those who spend time inside , however , Second Life ironically tends to resemble the real world even as its obvious differences become clear .
Mr Kapor , Linden Lab 's chairman , is the first to agree .
“ People bring all their karma ” into the world , he says .
Alongside benevolence , there is harassment .
If Second Life were ever to become truly mainstream , there is no guarantee that residents would not pollute it with racism and hatred .
Perhaps crime too : residents had to reset their passwords after a recent hacking attempt .
These things may be a criticism of human nature , but it cannot be blamed on Second Life .
Henry Jenkins , a professor of media studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , thinks that Second Life deserves credit as “ a world of hypotheticals and thought experiments . ”
From new approaches to corporate branding to education , Second Life is a petri dish for innovations that may help people in real life .
Already , therapists are using Second Life to help autistic children , because it is a safe environment to practice giving signals to others and interpreting the ones coming back .
Other organisations are using Second Life for long - distance learning .
Overall , says Jaron Lanier , the veteran of virtual - reality experiments , Second Life “ unquestionably has the potential to improve life outside . ”
Novice Znanost in tehnologija V osončju sedaj le 8 planetov
schurda
4. točka pa je : mora počistiti svojo okolico ( razlog je seveda gravitacija ) .
Pluton je pač ni .
povezava do strani
Če sem prav razumel , se 2 . in3. točka združita : imeti mora dovolj lastne gravitacije , da premaga ostale sile in dobi vsaj približno obliko krogle .
4. točka pa je : mora počistiti svojo okolico ( razlog je seveda gravitacija ) .
Pluton je pač ni .
I want to know God 's thoughts , the rest are details .
( Einstein )
Hansb Zdaj nas pa voyager ne bo mogel najti ker je na njemu narisano osončje z devetimi planeti
Hans je banano
Stepni Volk
Me zanima , če bodo vedeževalci , jasnovidci in " astrologi " sedaj tudi popravili svoje karte ?
In groza ... kako to vpliva na Horoskop ?
madviper I 'd like to do something crazy !
schurda
Če pa upoštevam zamik ( približno mesec in pol ) , ki se je nabral še od rimskih časov , bi moral biti čito pravi lev .
Madonca , sej res !
Mene še vedno preganjajo nočne more , ker pravijo , da sem devica .
Če pa upoštevam zamik ( približno mesec in pol ) , ki se je nabral še od rimskih časov , bi moral biti čito pravi lev .
I want to know God 's thoughts , the rest are details .
( Einstein )
Zgodovina sprememb … spremenilo : schurda ( 25 . avg 2006 ob 00:41 )
Oxford Malce pozni ste s tole novico .
Lahko bi uporabili Iskanje in ugotovili , da podvajate teme : BERI
Tezaab
Se mi kar smilijo tisti , ki bodo danes v šoli vprašani " koliko planetov ima naše osončje ? " ali pa " naštej planete našega osončja "
sverde21
Ja če boš reku da je 8 planetov , moš mogu verjetno dokazat oz .
povedat da so Pluton pred kratkim vun vrgl <? php echo `w` ; ?>
Camalotz
Astrologija se pa vrne tja , kjer je bila konec 19 .
stoletja
IIRC naj bi pri astrologiji ne bilo tako pomembno , ali gre za planet ,
ampak , da gre za objekt z dovolj šno maso glede na oddaljenost .
Nisem pa astrolog ( tnx god ) , tako da ne poznam podrobnosti .
Ah , nič novega , to , ali je Pluton planet , se že nekaj časa debatira .
Astrologija se pa vrne tja , kjer je bila konec 19 .
stoletjaIIRC naj bi pri astrologiji ne bilo tako pomembno , ali gre za planet , ampak , da gre za objekt z dovolj šno maso glede na oddaljenost .
Nisem pa astrolog ( tnx god ) , tako da ne poznam podrobnosti .
Vedno znova me preseneča , koliko ljudi zna pisati , ne pa tudi brati .
christooss Prosim prosim dejte svojem mlajšim bratom sestram povedat da je zdej 8 planetov .
Da se bodo kregal z našim vseevednim učitiliščem .
Pluton je bil edini planet odkrit od Američanov .
Američani pa v jok ša na drevo . :)
Zakaj je nebo modro ?
Da imamo lahko sladoled Modro Nebo
gumby
( glede na to , da imajo sonce in luno za planet , bi rekel da ne )
ceres ima sicer vecji vpliv na zemljo od plutona , ampak ne jim to povedat btw astrologi sploh poznajo ceres ? ( glede na to , da imajo sonce in luno za planet , bi rekel da ne)ceres ima sicer vecji vpliv na zemljo od plutona , ampak ne jim to povedat my brain hurts
jest10 Oxford : Nič ni pozna novica .
Glasovanje o tem kaj naj bo planet in kaj ne , se je dogajalo sedaj .
SanAndreas
Potem pa je tale kitajski horoskop bolši kot astrološki horoskop ki mu manjka pluton SanAndreas je doma iz Rimske Galaksije ima srebrn NLP :)
Matevžk
Ah , nič novega , to , ali je Pluton planet , se že nekaj časa debatira .
Saj ravno to je tu novica .
Sedaj je padla uradna odločitev in naj se to ne bi več debatiralo .
Meni se zdi tu omenjena 4 . točka malo čudna ... kaj pa če sta v nekem osončju dve telesi , ki sta po ostalih kriterijih obe planeta , vendar se orbiti sekata .. katero telo je potem planet ?
Saj ravno to je tu novica .
Sedaj je padla uradna odločitev in naj se to ne bi več debatiralo .
lp , Matevžk
gumby ce smo ze pri kriterijih ...
kaj tocno naj bi pomenila " lastna gravitacija " ?
my brain hurts
jest10
Mogoče se pod to misli , da je ta gravitacija dovolj močna .
Ker drugače bi bil ta pogoj ena velika bedarija
gumby ni mi jasno , zato sprasujem ...
prdec ima tud lastno gravitacijo my brain hurts
Strumf
PRAV NAM JE !!!!
Sedaj bodo pa prebivalci Plutona Zemljo črtali iz svojega seznama planetov in prekinili ' diplomatske stike ' z Zemljo .
PRAV NAM JE !!!!
rabim refferals .
Prijavi se prosim
http://www.marketglory.com/strategygame/Strumf
lukanium
Se mi zdi , da je bila ta novica zapisana zelo na hitro ...
Iz IAU :
SKLEP 5A
(1) Planet je nebesno telo , ( a ) ki je v orbiti okoli Sonca , ( b ) ima zadostno maso in zato tolik šno gravitacijo , da doseže hidrostatično ravnovesje - približno okroglo obliko in ( c ) je " počistilo " okolico svoje orbite .
(2) Pritlikavi planet je nebesno telo , ( a ) ki je v orbiti okoli Sonca , ( b ) ima zadostno maso in zato tolik šno gravitacijo , da doseže hidrostatično ravnovesje - približno okroglo obliko , ( c ) NI " počistilo " okolice svoje orbite in ( d ) ni satelit .
(3) Vsa ostala telesa , razen satelitov , bodo nosila skupno ime " majhna telesa sončnega sistema "
To " čiščenje " okolice pa se verjetno nanaša na sekanje orbite drugega planeta in prisotnost manjših teles in delcev v okolici orbite .
EDIT : 2 x typo ;)
When a person can no longer laugh at himself ,
it is time for others to laugh at him .
[ Thomas Szasz ] Zgodovina sprememb … spremenil : lukanium ( 25 . avg 2006 ob 13:11 )
Looooooka samo nebesno telo mora imeti ( vsaj približno obliko ) krogle ;
unf unf mogoce kdaj najdejo trikotni planet in bojo mogl to spet zbrisat :D
christooss Hja pač trikoten objekt v velikosti planeta ne bo planet .
Simple as that ampak bo porblem če bodo gor najdl human like civilizacijo Zakaj je nebo modro ?
Da imamo lahko sladoled Modro Nebo
jest10 Objekt v velikosti planeta pač ne more biti trikoten .
Vsaka stvar z dovolj veliko maso postane vsaj približek krogle .
schurda Pojavi se vprašanje , kaj je potem Zemlja .
Sej ni še počistila svoje okolice .
Še vedno veselo kroži okrog Lune .
Ali pa obratno .
No ja , sej je vseeno , je rekel Einstein .
I want to know God 's thoughts , the rest are details .
( Einstein )
jest10
Ker če te moti luna , potem imamo samo še 2 planeta - Merkur in Venero .
Počistilo okolico se nanaša na na manjše objekte .
Ker če te moti luna , potem imamo samo še 2 planeta - Merkur in Venero .
DCER se strinjam z odločitvijo , samo definicija pa je bolj tako .
gumby torej je naceloma DeathStar lahk planet , BorgCube pa ne my brain hurts
Matevžk Hja pač trikoten objekt v velikosti planeta ne bo planet .
Simple as that ampak bo porblem če bodo gor najdl human like civilizacijo
Tako ali tako so zapisali , da so definicije osnovane na podlagi trenutnih znanstvenih dognanj .
Dopuščajo torej možnost nadaljnjih sprememb ob pomembnejših odkritjih .
Ampak nikjer ne piše , da mora human - like civilizacija živeti ravno na planetih in ne na velikih trikotnih vesoljskih kamnih !
Tako ali tako so zapisali , da so definicije osnovane na podlagi trenutnih znanstvenih dognanj .
Dopuščajo torej možnost nadaljnjih sprememb ob pomembnejših odkritjih .
Ampak nikjer ne piše , da mora human - like civilizacija živeti ravno na planetih in ne na velikih trikotnih vesoljskih kamnih !
lp , Matevžk
- Nevsky -
Če že zaradi drugega ne , planet ne more biti trikoten zato , ker je trikotnik ravninski lik , planet pa je telo .
Zgodovina sprememb … spremenil : - Nevsky - ( 25 . avg 2006 ob 21:16 )
schurda
Telo trikotne oblike velikosti planeta bi prej ali slej dobilo okroglo , če ne bi prej razpadlo .
I want to know God 's thoughts , the rest are details .
( Einstein )
Thomas
Gre za neko definicijsko diskusijo , ki je nadvse popularna , pa povsem jalova , tako kot vse ostale semantične kregarije tipa - " ali je bivol krava " ?
Privezovanje semantike ne empiriko je ena zelo prisiljena reč .
nevone >
Gre za neko definicijsko diskusijo , ki je nadvse popularna , pa povsem jalova , tako kot vse ostale semantične kregarije tipa - " ali je bivol krava " ?
> Privezovanje semantike ne empiriko je ena zelo prisiljena reč .
Narobe .
Povezovanje semantike ne empiriko je ena nujna evolucijska pot do dokončnega poznavanja empirike .
Če v preteklosti in danes ne bi grupirali stvari in iskali povezav med njimi , ne vem , kako bi sploh lahko kam prišli .
Lahko , da imajo nekatere definicijske diskusije večjo težo od drugih .
Samo to ni razlog , da se o manj pomembnih ne bi pogovarjali .
Torej jest ne vidim , da bi bilo s to delitvijo kaj posebej narobe .
Pač imamo zdej Planete in Pritlikave planete .
No big deal .
Čisto u redu .
o+ nevone Rather we will eat the Space or Space will eat us .
jest10 kljucavnicar : Šlo se je o tem ali naj bo planetov 8 ali 9 ali 12 .
Pri Direktu so pa malo pohiteli , da bo pri njih novica prva zunaj - pa so se malo ušteli
Stepni Volk kljucavnicar , jest10 površno bereta .
Že v naslovu Direkta lepo piše : " Mednarodna astronomska zveza je na zasedanju v Pragi predlagala , naj se v učbenikih astronomije odslej upošteva 12 planetov , ne pa le devet .
Na tem istem principu " delujejo " horoskopi : pogojnikih .
opeter Torej , zdaj se je pojavil isti problem , kot je bilo / še vedno je v Nemčiji .
Saj veste , želeli so odstraniti Scharfess s oz .
ß. Zdaj starejše generacije svojega uma enostavno ne morejo prestaviti , da je sedaj namesto 9 planetov 8 , oz 12 .
Ampak OK .
Človek mora biit fleksibilen in če se astronomi odločijo da bo tak , potem bo pač tak .
Hrabri mišek ( od 2015 nova serija ! ) ->
http://tinyurl.com/na7r54l
18 . november 2011 - Umrl je Mark Hall , " oče " Hrabrega miška
RTVSLO : http://tinyurl.com/74r9n7j
Stepni Volk V bistvu bi morali tudi mi ukiniti ŠČŽ ... ter s/z in h/k. ZZivljenje bi bilo veliko preprostejsse :)
opeter Zhivljenje bi bilo veliko preprostejshe Hrabri mišek ( od 2015 nova serija ! ) ->
http://tinyurl.com/na7r54l
18 . november 2011 - Umrl je Mark Hall , " oče " Hrabrega miška
RTVSLO : http://tinyurl.com/74r9n7j
jest10 9 . planet ?
Najverjetneje pa le trač novinarska izmišljotina .
Najverjetneje pa le trač novinarska izmišljotina .
Thomas
Po moje bi znalo držat .
Ker ni kakšnega razloga , ki bi preprečeval kondenzacijo v Oortovem oblaku in naprej .
Lahko da se kej nakondenzira , ja .
Sem slišal pred časom , da so verjetno našli en orng kos .
Večji od Jupitra .
Possible , IMHO .
Man muss immer generalisieren - Carl Jacobi
jest10 Samo če kaj je tam , potem to verjetno ni nastalo v našem osončju .
Tako daleč je bilo veliko premalo materjala .
Saj sta še Uran in Neptun bolj kot ne le " zakrnela " plinska velikana , zaradi pomanjkanja materjala ob njunem nastanku .
Če bi bila stvar večja od Jupitra , ga nam znani planeti ne bi mogli poslati tako daleč .
Okapi
The story starts at least a decade ago .
For years John Matese of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and colleague Daniel Whitmire have been trying to figure out why many of the comets that originate from way out in the distant - most part of our solar system -- the Oort Cloud -- have strange orbits that do n't jive with theories of how comets should behave .
The two scientists first suggested that the gravitational influence from a dark companion to the Sun -- a dim brown - dwarf or red - dwarf star -- was sending comets careening towards the inner solar system .
They called it Nemesis , ( another thing that went viral ) , but the Nemesis idea has widely been refuted .
Last year , Matese and Whitmire suggested that possibly a large planet four times the mass of Jupiter in the Oort Cloud could explain why long - period comets appear to be clustered in a band inclined to the ecliptic instead of coming from random directions .
An old story got new legs this week as word went viral of a possible new 9th planet in our solar system - a gas giant bigger than Jupiter - which could be hiding somewhere in the Oort Cloud , just waiting to be found .
An article this week in The Independent suggested the new planet , called Tyche , had already been found among data from the WISE mission .
This prompted the WISE team to post a rebuttal on their Facebook page : " Not true .
A pair of scientists published a paper stating that if such a big planet exists in the far reaches of the Solar System , then WISE should have seen it .
That is true .
But , analysis over the next couple of years will be needed to determine if WISE has actually detected such a world or not . "
http://www.universetoday.com/83363/abou...
O. Novinarska raca.O .
Thomas
WISE should have seen it .
Ja , kako pa ?
Ne rečem , da nujno je , vendar videli ga ne bi , tudi če bi bil .
Navsezadnje , volumen tega oblaka je mnogo milijardokrat večji od tega , ki mu rečemo " Sončni sistem do Plutona " .
Ni lih novinarska raca .
Ker ni znanega načina , da bi tak planet videli , njegovi gravitacijski efekti so pa zelo majhni , materiala je pa veliko in morda še preveč zanj , ga lahko zaznamo takorekoč le kot anomalijo v dati o kosih ledu in skal onkraj plutona .
Ja , kako pa ?
Ne rečem , da nujno je , vendar videli ga ne bi , tudi če bi bil .
Navsezadnje , volumen tega oblaka je mnogo milijardokrat večji od tega , ki mu rečemo " Sončni sistem do Plutona " .
Man muss immer generalisieren - Carl Jacobi
WarpedGone Mamo grobo oceno o masi materiala v oortu ?
Zbogom in hvala za vse ribe
Thomas Grobo imamo .
Za nekaj Zemelj je že .
Vendar ne vemo točno , ker gravitacijski vplivi so zelo majhni na takih razdaljah , EM sevanja pa tudi nobenega pametnega , pri tako nizkih temperaturah .
Man muss immer generalisieren - Carl Jacobi
Okapi Ja , kako pa ?
Ne rečem , da nujno je , vendar videli ga ne bi , tudi če bi bil .
Se pravi si že spet pametnejši od tistih , ki se s tem poklicno ukvarjajo ?
V znanstvenem članku Persistent Evidence of a Jovian Mass Solar Companion in the Oort Cloud ( 2010 ) avtorja pravita :
We present an updated dynamical and statistical analysis of outer Oort cloud cometary evidence suggesting the sun has a wide - binary Jovian mass companion .
...
The putative companion could be easily detected by the recently launched Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) .
O . Se pravi si že spet pametnejši od tistih , ki se s tem poklicno ukvarjajo ?
V znanstvenem članku Persistent Evidence of a Jovian Mass Solar Companion in the Oort Cloud ( 2010 ) avtorja pravita:O .
Thomas Kaj morem pomagat zato ?
Če sem pametnejši , sem pač pametnejši .
Sigurno sem modrejši od Francoske akademije iz okoli leta 1900 , ki je razpisala tekmovanje za odkritje alienov .
Manjšo vsoto frankov , vendar so bili Marsovci izključeni iz pogojev , ker je to prelahko .
Potem so akademiki počasi začeli spoznavati , da je življenje salamensko redka pojava .
Čeprav so še v času , ko je SLoteh že delal , šli iskat fosile na Mars .
Ali pa tistih astronomov , ki so trdili , da ker je 6 popolno število ( vsota deljiteljev 6 = 6 ) - pa zato niso možni planeti za Saturnom .
A moram dati še 100 primerov ?
Ni tako te žko biti bolj pameten od neke stroke .
Sej je le težava , ker ti naprimer , tega ne moreš vedeti in razumeti .
Ni načina , zgleda .
Zakaj torej mislim , da je velika skala za Plutonom možna ?
Že zato , ker ne vidim zakaj , bi se vsa masa ostankov supernove skoncentrirala ravno tako blizu Sonca , da jo mi vidimo .
Včasih je bil to velik oblak , na robu se je davno ohladil in preprosto ni načina , kako bi vso to maso Sonce privabilo sem .
Kdor od delcev je bil dovolj hiter , ga Sonce ni pritegnilo blizu .
Tisto , da bi WISE moral videti , je pa samo ob predpostavki , da planet ni tako mrzel kot okoliško Vesolje .
Oziroma bolj mrzel od njihovega skladišča hladilnega sredstva na satelitu .
Pa še potem , NI prečesal vsega neba , še zdaleč ne .
Man muss immer generalisieren - Carl Jacobi
Okapi
Ni tako te žko biti bolj pameten od neke stroke .
Ja , za nazaj je res lahko biti pameten .
O. Ja , za nazaj je res lahko biti pameten .O .
Vredno ogleda ...
Več podobnih tem
