The heritage of different operating systems has been discussed many times .
Mac OS
X includes code from Mach and BSD , AmigaOS is based on TRIPOS , MS - DOS is a CP / M - 86 clone and Windows NT is modeled after VMS .
But what machines and operating systems were used for cross-compilation and bringup of these systems ?
In order to find this out about Mac OS X , I talked to a few people working at NEXT and Apple , and people that worked on Mach and BSD .
Currently , Apple only ships Intel - based machines .
Mac OS X for Intel was released in 2006 .
The Intel version had been “ leading a secret double life ” since 2000 , i.e. Mac OS X existed for Intel all the time , but was not released .
In that time , Mac OS X was never self - hosting ; instead , it was cross-compiled on PowerPC Macs .
The first released version of Intel Mac OS X was a version of 10.4 for the Pentium 4 based “ Developer Transition Kit ” in 2005 .
The first version of what would later be Mac OS X was “ Rhapsody DR1 ” released in 1997 .
It ran on PowerPC 604 Macintoshes ( the 603 was not supported because it lacked a hardware pagetable walker ) and was cross-compiled from OpenStep 4.2 running on Intel Pentium II CPUs .
Rhapsody , which was basically OpenStep 5.0 , also continued to run on Intel , but as mentioned before , Intel became a second - class architecture .
Actually , somewhere between Rhapsody and OS X 10.0 , there was a time when the GUI was not built for Intel .
Nextstep 3.1 from 1993 was the first version of Nextstep / OpenStep to support Intel CPUs ( and also PA - RISC and SPARC ) next to the existing Motorola 68 K support .
Bringup was done on a 25 MHz 68040 NeXTstation running NextStep 2.1 , and the target CPU was a 486DX50 .
At NEXT , the systems used for bringup of the original 68030 NeXT Computer were Sun machines running SunOS 3.0 , a BSD - derivative .
The NEXT engineers ported the Mach 2.0 kernel from VAX to M68K .
So this port was not only cross-architecture , but cross -OS .
Mach 1.0 was first written for VAX and was brought up on VAX - based 4.2BSD machines at Carnegie - Mellon University .
Coincidently , 4.2BSD evolved into SunOS 1.0 ( and 4.2BSD / VAX machines were used for its bringup ) , and the BSD codebase also ended up in Nextstep .
Now that we arrived at BSD , we could go back the history of UNIX , which I am not going to do at this point .
So , to summarize , BSD / VAX was used to develop Mach / VAX , and SunOS / M68 K was used to port Mach to 68 K , Nextstep / 68 K was used to port itself to i386 , and the i386 version to port itself to PowerPC , and then the PowerPC version to maintain the i386 version .
Today , Mac OS X for Intel is self - hosting again .
Now I would love to see is the same kind of bringup history for Linux ( Minix , … ) , AmigaOS ( SunOS 1.x , … ) , BeOS , Copland ( Mac OS ? ) , Windows NT ( VMS ? DOS ? ) , OS /2 ( DOS ? AIX ? ) , MS - DOS ( CP / M? ) , and of course the common bringup ancestors of so many systems , BSD and UNIX .
It would also be interesting to extend this information with the respective compilers used .
So if you can contribute something in the comments here or on your blogs , that would be great .
Fred Camper
These lectures can also be listened to in their radio show format as mp3 sound files .
The Test of Time : transcripts of a series of 20 Stan Brakhage 1982 radio programs .
Copyright © Stan Brakhage 1982
PROGRAM 1
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) :
Hi , my name is Stan Brakhage and I 've very kindly been asked by Len Barron first of all , to try to make a weekly radio program , to share some of my thoughts about the arts , and most especially to share with you some of the recordings of poets , of music , some of the plays and dramas that I 've collected over the years - things that are very , very special to me and that I 'd like to be able to give somehow to people at large .
What we heard at the beginning , which will be the Introduction music for this program from now on , is Gregorian chant - specifically some parallel organums .
They 're directed by Denis Stevens and they 're part of a Musical Heritage Society Series called " The History of European Music , Volume Two . "
And like a great deal of what I 'll be playing on this program they 're out - of - print and obscure to begin with - not well known .
They were recorded by the Accademia Monteverdiana Holy Trinity Church , London , and what they essentially represent to me are a high point for me personally of music from the fifth - through the thirteenth - centuries .
I want to lay emphasis on the word ' personal . '
I have to be free in doing this kind of program to be nothing but personal , which is to say sometimes , often maybe , always a fool in a way .
I 'll mispronounce things and falter now and again and my knowledge is one that comes , is ' amateur ' in that sense of ' lover . '
And maybe I have stature in the world more specifically in relationship to film but otherwise film does n't represent itself very well on the air and the best you 'll have of that is opinions from time to time .
For instance I want to encourage film that 's as out of the mainstream as some of the music and some of the poetry that I 'll be presenting .
And most specifically would like to encourage people to go to the ' First Person Cinema ' which is every Monday night at eight o'clock in the Fine Arts Building at the University of Colorado , where you 'll be able to see a variety of films made most individually in the one sense , but in the other , to me , though that 's a hard - to - prove , as an attempt to make art .
SB : An art of film is kind of an absurdity in itself because film really is less than a hundred years old .
And I 'd say among the many definitions of art that I 'll give on this program , one that 's the most cautionary is that we really do n't know what an art is ' til its been around maybe at least a hundred years and the people that made it are long dead .
The opening piece of music , we do n't even know who wrote that music , we know it as only as part of the great history of church music .
And while that 's still in your ears and still in mind I 'd like to share with you a piece of music that was sent to me last week by a filmmaker whose works are often shown on the Monday evening series , Andrew Noren .
Andrew recorded , just carrying his little pocket recorder with him , performances of Theodorus Keikis [ phonetic spelling ] , who was flown over from Athens by the Bohemian Gardens in Astoria , Queens , and who made this beautiful music on pipes with a goatskin bag under the arm - one of the most ancient forms of music .
And of course Keikis is a modern , living man but this music , and this way of making music which is inspired I think , as you will immediately hear , bag pipes on the one hand , or , and here I reach for a point , the Gregorian chant on another .
What you 're hearing is just a live performance with lots of talk and dancing in the background and even the subways coming in like great monstrous beasts at times .
And here it is .
MUSIC : Keikis playing the goatskin bag
SB : This is a music which , in its origin , began with just the two pipes .
The goatskin bag is attached sometime later , we do n't really know when , as an additional breath bag to provide the base drone to the music .
And it 's far more ancient than it was in the Greeks .
Actually , even what we call ' the pipes of pan , ' which is a set of pipes of different lengths that are blown into at the top like kids blow into pop bottles these days for making that kind of sound , even that form was really first referred to in poetry in 1150 B.C. Chinese .
This ancient music in other words goes back to the earliest folk stories of Melanesia , for example , the wind blowing through a crack in the wood and humans picking that up , and supplying each his or her own breath .
It was a time when the first great movie that 's still going was watched - an extreme slow motion movie that is the watching of the sky itself across centuries .
The information of the shift in change of the stars passed on from generation to generation .
And as people watched those skies with that infinite patience of those times they saw shapes in them and the very first heroic figures and stories , motion picture stories , so to speak , took place , in my sense of it .
SB : That which gives me the greatest sense of passage of time and of the human endeavor is Rimbaud 's first " Illumination . "
It 's called " After the Flood . "
I 'm going to read you from the Wallace Fowlie translation .
ILLUMINATIONS , " After the Flood , " Arthur Rimbaud , French poet :
SB : ' As soon as the idea of the flood had subsided , A hare stopped in the clover and the swinging flower - bells and said it 's prayer , through the spider 's web , to the rainbow .
The precious stones were hiding , and already the flowers were beginning to look up .
The butcher 's blocks rose in the dirty main street and boats were hauled down to the sea , piled high as in pictures .
Blood flowed in Bluebeard 's castle .
In the slaughterhouses , in the circuses , where the seal of God whitened the windows , blood and milk flowed .
Beavers set about building .
Coffee urns let out smoke in the bars .
In the large house with windows still wet , children in mourning looked at exciting pictures .
A door slammed ; on the village square , the child swung his arms round , and was understood by the weather vanes and the steeple cocks everywhere , under the pelting rain .
Madame X installed a piano in the Alps .
Mass and the first communions were celebrated at the hundred thousand altars of the cathedral .
The caravans departed .
And the Hotel Splendid was built in the chaos of ice and polar night .
Since then , the moon has heard jackals yelping in thyme deserts , and eclogues in wooden shoes growling in the orchard .
Finally in the violet budding grove , Eucharis told me spring was here .
Gush forth waters of the pond , - Foam , pour over the bridge and over the woods ; - black shrouds and organs , lightning and thunder rise up and spread everywhere ; - waters and sorrows rise up and bring back the floods .
For ever since they have gone - oh , the precious stones buried and the opened flowers !
We have been bored !
The Queen , the Witch lighting her coal in the earthen pot will never tell us what she knows , and we shall never know . '
SB : Of course , that 's not read to you as a poem really because poetry can't be translated .
But as in the case with reproductions of paintings , there 's something that always translates .
So I use it as people do most often , and as one might almost say only with , poetry from other languages as a kind of distant illustration of something that came to the poet as I sense it while he was moving among the magic of sounds that could only exist in his language .
At least that 's my sense of it .
SB : I 'd like now to play you a piece of music by Carl Ruggles .
This is from an album still in print , a Columbia Records album , but I do n't ever hear Ruggles ' music being played ; it was so remarkable to me finally that all his life 's work was published after his death , and he lived to be very old - he died at 95 .
I knew him personally when he was in his young seventies and eighties , and always the dream was then that someday somebody would publish his works which should n't have been too much of a problem as his entire constant , steady life 's output can be put on two LP records .
The piece I 've chose to play for you is written in memory of his wife Charlotte , whom I certainly remember deeply also .
She died in 1957 .
He based his , really his final piece of music , to her and worked on it across most the rest of his life .
It 's based on a hymn , " O God , our help in ages past , " and the piece is called " Exaltation . "
MUSIC : Ruggles , " Exaltation "
SB : " Exaltation " by American composer Carl Ruggles .
" Exaltation " for brass , chorus and organ .
And is played by the Brass Ensemble , Gerard Schwartz , and the Greg Smith Chorus .
And I just want to take a few moments to reminisce about Carl Ruggles .
When I knew him it was when him and his wife Charlotte were living in Bennington , Vermont not too many years before her death in the early sixties .
They lived in an old church which had been abandoned and was going to ruin and they managed to buy it and remake it into a house but it was more of a church than I think any other church was at that time to me , as they made it their domestic living quarters .
They were not quiet and peaceful old people .
I think the story that I like best about Carl Ruggles is the - Once the harpsichordist Kirkpatrick visited him and was kept waiting while Ruggles was pounding , over and over again , the same chord on a piano .
And finally even Kirkpatrick 's patience ran out and he cleared his throat and said , ' Why are you pounding that chord over and over again on the piano ? '
And Carl Ruggles , without breaking a beat , pounded again and said , ' I 'm giving it the test of time . '
And that 's the way he wrote all his music and that 's why there 's so little of it , and that 's why it 's also so great .
I do n't think we have anything to compare to it .
Even Anton Webern looks like a very prolific composer in comparison to Carl .
He also composed his music out of small , domestic household things : like he had a little , one of those Christmas three - angels , brass angels with trumpets that are turned by candles underneath them , the heat making them spin constantly and tinkle against bells .
For a large portion of his life he wrote two versions of a piece called " Angels " that 's based on this kind of source of inspiration .
He was typically American , and unhappily , sadly ignored by his culture across most of his lifetime .
But as you heard in this piece that I played , I hope , he incorporated all of everything of the past and made his slight variations , and made them constantly throughout the piece so that there 's no two lines that really at all sounded the same .
Mainly he loved to make music where the actual notes that were played were secondary to the overtones that they would produce .
And in that sense he was one of the most modern composers living in this century and perhaps the closest composer friend to Charles Ives .
SB : Ives I 'll also have some stories about , though I never met him .
I do remember hearing as a child that extraordinary performance of his symphony , on the air , which startled a nation that was thinking of Shostakovich as the most modern at that time .
So I want to end this program , and all my programs on a brief poem , you really have to call it , piece of music by Charles Ives called " The Seer . "
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 2
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I'm Stan Brakhage and this is the second in a series of programs which will be aired weekly , and finally we 've got a title for this series .
Listening to the first tape that we made a week ago , Len Barron suggested the title " The Test of Time . "
And I thought that sounds fine , and those of you that remember the story , I was talking about Kirkpatrick listening to Charles Ives , or rather to Charlie Ruggles playing chords over and over again , and finally in irritation interrupting him and saying ' How long is this going to go on ? '
And without breaking stride Charlie Ruggles said ' I 'm giving it the test of time . '
So that 's how things come to be named , and it's a good name - I 'll try to live up to it .
SB : Today I want to talk about Eugene O'Neill .
I 'm teaching a course at the University of Colorado in the drama of O'Neill and Williams and I 've been spending the whole summer steeped in O'Neill , reading Sheffler 's biography which is about eight - hundred pages more than usually you 'd want to know about any human being .
And I want to , in the broadcast today , to just be very brief about something that I think is the major misunderstanding of Eugene O'Neill .
Always , all my life , I 've heard theatre - goers , actors , college professors , people in literature , damning O'Neill with faint praise in the form of saying that , ' Well , he 's a tremendously powerful writer for the theatre , he may be America 's greatest dramatist , but he could n't write . '
Some of them were more specific about that ; they say he could n't write poetry and that was his defeat and so he stumbled on as best he could with his integrity .
And I had bought this line about him - there 's some truth to it , but there 's a greater truth , I 've come to sense , as I read his plays over and over again and think about his life and about all the creative people I 've known .
O'Neill could write poetry and I 'm going to prove it to you .
Here 's a poem that Eugene , young Eugene O'Neill wrote :
SB : 'I know how the beast of the desert feels as the steel bars shut him .
I know how he fights a superior force with never a chance to win , how he paces across his narrow cage as he drags his life in fruitless rage , for I , too , am shut in .
Bound by a chain of circumstance to a life that knows no peace , fettered more closely than bird or beast by duties that never cease , closely the bars of my cage are set , strong to withstand my wild regret , and no hope of release . '
SB : Now that 's a fine poem for those or any times .
It 's a poem in the sense of what was popular as poetry in America and in fact in the world at that time , certainly the English - speaking word .
He 's , it 's Kipling , to some extent ; it 's more introspective and disturbing than Kipling .
It 's absolutely true of his life .
It comes out of Thompson 's " The Hound of Heaven " by way of Oscar Wilde 's " Ballad of Reading Jail , " and it 's a kind of poetry that was printed in the newspapers at that time , even .
I do n't mean in some obscure poetry section but I mean even sometimes on front pages when appropriate .
He could have been very successful as a poet .
He chose not to be , or was forced not to be by a circumstance that he did so much mean this statement that he made , 'his wild regret , ' that he was , he could n't express it with those old tum - ti - tum rhythmic lines and rhymes .
They 're really absurd when you have something that desperate to express .
And with typical Yankee ingenuity , he took the risk and succeeded at throwing all that over as he began writing his plays .
And in 1921 he came out with THE EMPEROR JONES , in which he had by that time completely thrown away such poetics - I mean I can't stand words that have ' tic ' attached to the end of them anyway - he had thrown them out , and as you 'll hear in this example that I brought of James Earl Jones doing two scenes from O'Neill 's EMPEROR JONES .
He 's content to have boxed in , through the Provincetown Players on MacDougal Street in 1921 , to have boxed in an audience in a savage wild scene of beating drums and finally screaming and whimpering and grunting , along with some of the hardest , new sense of poetry that no one could imagine .
The inarticulate - seeming , but carefully crafted and deeply felt and meant statements of a man being reduced to terror in the jungle as he 's hunted down by those whom once he ruled over , and also which is more to the point , as his mind deteriorates under the influences of their voodoo or his own .
And so Eugene O'Neill , actually more than August Strindberg before him or anyone else , turns the stage into a human mind , or in fact the whole auditorium .
And here 's a good example of a couple scenes .
EXCERPT : Jones reading from O'Neill 's EMPEROR JONES
SB : There 's no way to really give you the feeling over the air of this whole play because it does depend upon a mix of the drums , the sight of the man , the background , the cyclorama which was put up by the Provincetown Players in their small little narrow theatre .
It depends , which by the way was inspired by Gordon Craig 's work in the theatre - it depends on so many things , that it 's not easily understood as literature .
But one way in which I would hope people could begin recognizing the new , new impulses , new at least in 1921 and still not really comprehended in the arts , would be to follow along the line of rhythm - to recognize that there are new rhythmic impulses .
They are n't of course new to human existence but the need to express them is new .
And they will no longer - humans can't continue to carry the emotions they 're feeling in rhythms that were essentially determined by horses and carriages , or riding horseback earlier yet , or so forth .
In other words , there are - and in fact external sounds have ceased to be the main point because there 's come to be a drive to express the inner mind .
At the time Provincetown Playhouse Group attracted all to it who were interested in drama : Edna St. Vincent Millay wrote ARIA DA CAPO for them ; even Dr. William Carlos Williams came over from New Jersey and hung around and helped to put together some sets and got the inspiration for writing his plays .
And I could go on and on naming people famous and people who became famous and then were forgotten and people who were considered very important at the time and who were too busy working to play the games of politics that get you printed or performed on a stage .
But I want to follow the career of one person .
SB : I was reading in the book about a ' Louise ' that was one of the wildest flappers of this group and , in fact , when she turned down one of the Provincetown Players to marry someone else , he committed suicide and that created one of the great scandals of that time .
And I was imaging Louise facily as people do when they read a book about someone .
And suddenly it named the man that she married : Varèse .
Edgar Varèse .
And that was Louise Varèse and my brain almost turned entirely around because that was the woman I had known in the fifties as that beautiful , graceful , strong , powerful , lovely , warm , elderly lady , who invited us into the home of Varèse - by us I mean myself and my composer friend , Jim Tenney - and into his studio , where we were not permitted to smoke .
And it was Louise who endeared us forever in the tension of meeting the great composer Varèse and listening to all his ideas , who leaned over and whispered to us while he was searching out a manuscript , ' You know , you can go into the bathroom and if you open the window about an inch you can smoke , and blow your smoke out the window and Edgar will never know . '
It was also Louise who recognized that we were n't eating very well and who managed to provide for us sometimes as many as three meals called ' snacks ' in an afternoon .
This sweet wonderful person , who was like so many others someone who carried sparks from the Provincetown Playhouse early productions , and O'Neill 's unacknowledged but absolutely should be clear to us now , ' Theatre of the Mind . '
SB : Varèse was entirely different than Louise .
He was different than anyone I met , in fact , all different parts of his body were different because he dressed in a multitude of plaids : plaid shirt , plaid tie with diagonals , plaid coat of totally different color , plaid pants .
He'd have worn plaid shoes , I 'm sure , if they made them , and he was a walking example of the kind of music that he made .
I 'm going to play a piece now that he played to us at that first meeting .
They 're interpolations , or the tapes he was making for what was later to be his gigantic piece , " Déserts , " which included three tapes mixed with , and interspersed by , orchestral music .
He played us just this tape and I think it has an echo with O'Neill 's theatre and the endeavor of most of the living artists I 've known .
So here it is , the third interpolation , the bare tape without orchestra , of Edgar Varèse .
MUSIC : Varèse , " Déserts ( Third Interpolation ) "
SB : So that piece by Varèse I 've chosen to play for you because in the spirit of this broadcast - broadcasting - I want to provide things from my collection of tapes over the years of odd and strange things , records that are out - of - print , poems from books often that are out - of - print , poets reading poetry and having conversations and so on .
I want to present material which is n't available .
Actually for those that want to hear the full magnificent piece it 's available in several recordings , beautifully - made Columbia recordings of the complete " Déserts " and in fact the complete orchestral works of Edgar Varèse .
SB : But now I want to tell you the story of how this came to be .
Varèse , after marrying Louise , did not just stay in the village , he stayed into the late - thirties , as I understand it , until he had a nervous breakdown .
A breakdown that was caused by the increasing neglect of music , the refusal to accept even what was at that time his rather more standard orchestral works .
And pressures , all these pressures converging , and his mid-age crisis , I suppose , and after all that initial excitement of the twenties , the society was burning down unless you were very , very social and could pick up on the social dilemmas of the times , as , say , Orson Welles did with his Mercury Theatre .
So , anyway , for whatever all reasons , Varèse cracked up and got into that position very much like the American composer Charles Ives had before him , where he could not stand to hear any noise whatsoever .
He 'd begin to tremble .
And Louise Varèse , who was very good at translating , supported both of them across a ten - year period by translating the novels of Simenon .
She also later did some beautiful translations of , for instance , Rimbaud .
But during this period it was just bread - and - butter translating that would permit her to take him to Death Valley , which is where they lived across from the late - thirties to the mid-to - late - forties .
And he recovered himself and began to compose and it's across that period that he orchestrated and then began making , collecting these sounds to be interpolated within the piece .
And that 's why many people call him the father of electronic music .
I mean he was imagining electronic music back in the twenties and was working on it in the thirties and of course in Death Valley in the forties , when there was n't really anything but wire recorders , and of course records that could be cut , but no way to control the sounds in the way in which he wanted to .
He was anticipating the tape recorder .
So that by the time I met him in the early - fifties he was still relying on these very early tapes .
He had in 1952 , I believe , the first performance of " Déserts " in Paris , France , and he was of course from France .
He then came back and lived out his life in the Village .
SB : I also want to be sure to include this story :
What finally killed him was he went into a hospital for a hemorrhoid operation that he did n't even need but would 've made him more comfortable , and there was some problem with anesthesia and he died on the operating table .
But when I knew both him and Louise they were among the most vibrant .
He was at the height of launching , really , the whole involvement with electronic music in this country and abroad .
He was concerned with where even sounds would mix in the very air .
He was coming out of a tradition that I want to give you some of example of , too .
But mainly I want to stress that from the beginning , long before he became the father of electronic music , his drive was similar to O'Neill 's and many others in the sense of needing to express something of the inner mind , the inner thought process at work , for which the old forms of music would not do .
SB : The filmmaker Ingmar Bergman said that , quote : ' Art lost its basic creative drive the moment it was separated from worship .
In former days , the artist remained unknown and his work was to the glory of God . '
I would make the claim that it's all the same pursuit , but that the cathedral has become the mind ; not in the sense of ego - centric , or a giant monument , which it also unfortunately is too often thought of , but as an endless way through to the universe and to forces and patterns that we do n't understand .
And just so that you do n't think that this is only a modern pursuit , consider the Greek pipes that I played last week , and I 'll be bringing some Indian pieces later .
But I want to carry on the tradition of flute music with one of Varèse 's most lyric , beautiful earlier pieces done , I believe , in the thirties , called " Density 21.5 . "
It finally came to that title because it took a platinum flute to play it .
And here it is .
MUSIC : Varèse , " Density 21.5 "
SB : And now we 'll close , as usual , this program with the tone poem piece of music called " Seer " by the man I take to be the father of American music , Charles Ives .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 3
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage again .
I want to play you some flute music today in the spirit of continuing that tradition the last two programs , first of all with the Greek music of Keikis , and then last week with Edgar Varèse 's " Density 21.5 . "
I have a tape that I dug out of the basement here that Allen Ginsberg gave me sometime back in the sixties .
I was having trouble listening to Indian music at the time and about all that was available was Ravi Shankar .
And Allen , back from India , told me that Ravi Shankar was more or less considered the Frank Sinatra of India .
And so he promised to send me some Indian music that would intrigue me .
And the piece that he sent that I 'm going to play a section of is flute music by Panalol Ghose [ phonetic spelling ] .
And so here it is .
MUSIC : Ghose , " Inward "
SB : Now of course Panalol Ghose is a modern man .
But that music is in a tradition that 's probably close to a thousand years older than the Greek .
And at least as I told you in the first broadcast there 's a reference in poetry a long time before there 's any mention of what we 've come to know as ' the pipes of pan . '
In fact there 's also Melanesian legends about the origin of music with the flute .
The story is that once the wind was blowing through a branch of a tree and it scared all the women .
And the men said , ' At last we have a way to scare the women . '
And they cut off the branch and began blowing in it .
And that 's the Melanesian origin for music .
But in case some of you are feeling that , for instance , the drive of the dramatist Eugene O'Neill to turn the whole stage into a brain , or the drive of Edgar Varèse , as we heard with electronic music , to give some approximation of mental processes with recorded sound mixed with music , that piece that we just began this program with is called " Inward , " and that 's been a drive always in human endeavor in the arts .
SB : So what then might we mean by ' modernity ? '
I have a quote here from Charles Baudelaire , the French poet , from his book , THE PAINTER OF MODERN LIFE .
Quote , ' Modernity is that which is ephemeral , fugitive , contingent upon the occasion .
It is half of art , whose other half is the eternal and unchangeable . '
Now that seems to me a very good example of the European view of it .
The point at which American artists , as I understand it , would feel most emphasis there would be ' contingent upon the occasion , ' or something of present .
But you notice , as Baudelaire has , that it would have something to do also with the unchangeable and the past .
And I would say that the basic American impulse starts with the moment and then branches out with ideas about the future .
For example , a letter by - I do n't have very clear ways to represent painting over the radio , but I want to read a letter from the young , in fact eighteen year old , Jackson Pollock , to his brother .
Sections of the letter .
Quote ,
SB : ' As to what I would like to be , it is difficult to say .
An artist of some kind .
If nothing else I shall always study the arts .
People have always frightened and bored me ; consequently I have been within my own shell and have not accomplished anything materially .
In fact to talk in a group I was so frightened that I could not speak logically .
I am gradually overcoming it now . '
SB : End quote .
Now that just seems so strange when you think of the paintings of Jackson Pollock which were finally , as what he became famous for , premised on giving the energy of the moment , the act itself of creation in making by hurling paint through the air , which by the way , as I witnessed myself , he was so capable of doing to perfection that once , when some critics accused him of ' chance operations , ' though he was pretty drunk at the time , he dabbled his brush into a bucket and hurled a glob of paint so carefully across fifty feet that it hit the door knob square with very little paint spilled over and then he said , ' So much for your " chance operations " and that 's the door . '
It was in fact the only door that they could leave through .
SB : Another letter by Jackson Pollock , a section from it , written 1930 , a year later , to his brother Charles .
Quote ,
SB : ' School is still bore - some but I have settled myself to its rules and the ringing bells .
So I have not been in trouble lately .
This term I am going to go but one half - day ; the rest I will spend reading and working here at home .
I am quite sure I will be able to accomplish a lot more .
In school I will take life drawing and clay modeling ; I 've started doing something with clay and have found a bit of encouragement from my teacher .
My drawing I will tell you frankly is rotten .
It seems to lack freedom and rhythm - it is cold and lifeless .
It is n't worth the postage to send it .
I think there should be advancements soon if it is ever to come and then I will send you some drawings .
The truth of it is I have never really gotten down to real work and finish a piece ; I usually get disgusted with it and lose interest .
Watercolor I like but have never worked with it much .
Although I feel I will make an artist of some kind , I have never proven to myself nor anybody else that I have it in me . '
SB : What I want to , in that spirit , play next is - first of all , I want to present to you something of one of the students of Edgar Varèse .
He 's a Chinese student .
He 'd come to this country , Chou Wen Chung is his name .
I met him at the time when Jim Tenney and I were both studying with Varèse .
He was very quiet , very polite , very exact , and extremely lyric .
And there 's one piece of his music that 's haunted me all my life .
Actually the only use that society has made of it is on a record , curiously enough , that was put out of the music of Edvard Grieg and Manuel de Falla .
And as an insert on this record , a box recording , came a record of Deems Taylor explaining both Grieg and de Falla to the listener .
And we 'll start hearing the voice of Deems Taylor - he 's been talking about composers drawing on folk music .
And then he says a little bit about jazz at the beginning , then he curiously goes out of his way to give the only recording of this piece of music by this Chinese student of Edgar Varèse , Chou Wen Chung .
So be patient with Mr. Taylor for a couple of minutes .
MUSIC : Chung , " Suite for Harp and Winds " ( introduced by Deems Taylor )
SB : So far as I know , that 's a whole piece of music .
It 's the only part of that music that I ever heard .
I asked Jim , years later , whatever happened to this young man .
And he told me that his fiancée died .
I remember her too , an extraordinarily beautiful Chinese girl , and how close they were .
And that so far as Jim knew this had been so crushing a blow on him that he had never composed any other music .
I hope that 's not true across a lifetime for him .
His idea was to make very brief , short pieces of music .
Maybe he had gone on under some pressures and extended this , I do n't know , but I do remember just that piece of tape and as it happened it turned up because my father - in - law , Harry Collum , was sensitive enough to remember the name and when he got this record and surprised that this piece of Chinese music on this explanatory record , small record included with it , he gave it to me .
That 's happened a lot to me in my life , where very small , miniscule artworks haunt , and sometimes one never hears of the composer or in the case of painting , painter , or poet or filmmaker or whatever , ever again .
SB : I wanted also to take the occasion to say something about the Chinese impulse of inwardness .
I have a statement here by the Chinese poet , Wang Yung ; he was born in 1936 .
' In modern times , ' this is quote , 'in modern times , eternity has acquired a new definition .
It is no longer the community of endless time but extreme perfection and fullness .
Poetry in modern times does not search for inaccessible permanence and universality .
It aims at the release of its character . '
SB : This poet , with that statement , I should say ' end quote ' there , this poet with that statement , actually places an impulse that exists at least in him in China , very close to Jackson Pollock and to the next composer 's music that I want to play for you .
And that 's some music by my old high school buddy , Jim Tenney , who discovered Edgar Varèse at about the same time I did because of early recordings that somehow got to Denver , and that shocked and astonished us .
Jim Tenney did the music for the first film that I made and then later we met in New York City and both of us searched out Edgar Varèse and John Cage , by the way , at the same time .
And Tenney studied for years with Varèse and in fact at Varèse 's death he named Jim Tenney his quote , ' only musical heir . '
And as you 'll hear for yourself that does n't mean he 's imitative .
In fact he did work for some time with electronic music , Jim did .
And in fact made the first set up for synthesizing sound at Bell Labs - a job that he got through Edgar Varèse 's influence .
But then he returned to orchestral music and what I want to play for you now is a piece made sometime between 1972 and 76 in Toronto , Canada .
This is the first section of what 's called " Three Pieces for Drum Quartet . "
You have to be a little patient at first and then it will be worth it .
MUSIC : Tenney , " Three Pieces for Drum Quartet "
SB : It 's maybe hardest of all to recognize when a genius in the arts , or anything else , is someone that you 've grown up , in a sense , or that is a close friend , or that you might have one living next door or even in your family , so that probably the deepest suspicions are reserved in myself for friends that I 've known as long as Jim .
But he 's convinced me , finally , just as he did Edgar Varèse .
I want to give you an example also of his continued working with electronic devices .
And as well , his interest in folk music , so to speak .
The next piece that I 'm going to play is by Jim Tenney also then , it 's called " Blue Suede " and its based on the ever - popular " Blue Suede Shoes . "
So listen carefully and maybe you 'll hear the internal mind chewing over this - maybe you 'll even hear some ' folk , ' if you 'll pardon the expression , ' music . '
MUSIC : Tenney , " Blue Suede "
SB : And from all us ' folks , ' this is Stan Brakhage signing off with Charles Ives .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 4
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage .
I want to play for you some very ancient Chinese music .
I 've been talking about pipes , flutes , the origin of them , possibly in China , at least the earliest references , and I realize I have n't played any Chinese music at all .
What I 'd like to play for you is a piece that comes somewhere from 206 B.C. to 618 A.D. Chinese is probably the oldest music that we have that 's actually written down , that is that we know how - very much how - it was to be played , how it was to be sounded .
We 've had older traditions of music than this .
This one can really only be dated somewhere within the Han Dynasty ; but one of the most interesting things to me about it is it 's attributed to Lady Wong - Chiang .
The Chinese had a great tradition for honoring , for accepting , the existence of women artists .
And here 's a woman composer who sings to us , across such an immense length of time .
She 's actually a Chinese noble woman who 's out of favor with the King .
And she is singing about her grief , but also I hope you 'll hear within this strange kind of music , to our ears , the strains and pullings of that agony of her being in disfavor .
But also what 's made her last all this time , her incredible dignity , how she pulls herself together , the grace of her own charm and strength , which has lasted a long time .
MUSIC : Wong - Chiang , unspecified composition
SB : The Lady Wong - Chiang , of the Han Dynasty , singing her grief across all these centuries to us .
Music played on the pipa by Lui Tsun - yuen , one of the most accomplished living players of that ancient instrument .
I want to contrast that with - several weeks ago I read a statement on modernism by a Chinese poet .
It was from a book called MODERN CHINESE POETRY put together by Wai-lim Yip .
The poet whose statement I read is Wang Yung .
I want to read a different kind of lament that has to do with being not out of favor with the King , as was the case with ' Our Lady , ' but disfavored or estranged from the whole culture .
This is a more modern theme .
" Variation One , " by Wang Yung :
SB : ' These are some roots entwined and all - pervading in the dark of my body .
I am inert , easily rotten in this summer .
In this summer , I plant with my own hands some poison ivy , an ivy so endearing . '
SB : " [ Variation ] Two : " ' If I rage , if in the dazzling sunlight I look hard at a fresh - cropped girl , if I hurry among crowds I am only a heap of boring trifles , some causeless trembling .
I dissect myself so unpleasantly and restring these fragments for others , equally unpleasant . '
SB : " [ Variation ]
Three : " ' You are only a number of tooth - marked ruts , you are only a number of criss - crossing streets that lead nowhere in wind - less afternoons .
I always hold your pulse like a handful of cooling noises . '
SB : " [ Variation ] Four : " ' It is in your conceited generosity .
It is in your low - priced superiority .
It is in your luxuriant ignorance , I plant with my own hands some poison ivy .
Ah , an ivy so endearing . '
SB : Well , estrangement is always terribly painful , hmm ?
Because to be in disfavor of the King is n't really any that different than not being able to make it with the culture .
I know a lot about the latter in a way because I 'm a filmmaker .
I do n't really - I try to work with film as an art and I do n't really have any way to present that art to you .
But I 've made a living lecturing and I have a lot of friends who have , and one , whom I want to share with you , off a tape made years ago is the filmmaker Peter Kubelka , an Austrian filmmaker .
His films are shown on the Monday night evening programs in the Fine Arts Building from time to time .
He was raised in - about the same time I was being raised in Kansas and then Denver , he was being raised in Vienna , Austria .
In order to escape being part of the Hitler youth program he joined the Viennese Choir Boys ; he had a very beautiful voice , his father 's a musician , and so they managed to get him into that organization which was then almost immediately turned into a branch of the Hitler youth group .
So that in fact at the end of the war Peter and all the other little choir boys , when the Allies were closing in on Vienna , Peter and his friends were - I always imagine them in cassocks and everything - being transported out of town , as , on a train , entirely trying to salvage works of art .
So he made his escape from the approaching Allies as a work of art .
I 've always liked to tease Peter that he should do his autobiography just because he could title it ' I Was a Viennese Choirboy for Hitler . '
He grew up , of course , and took all of his musical training into the field of film ; not moviemaking like most people are used to , but making a kind of film very like a piece of music .
And of all the filmmakers I know , his work really combines sound and picture the most beautifully and what I want to share with you is a section of a tape where he 's trying to convince me , who - I 'm a silent moviemaker for the most part , to work with sound .
He did n't convince me , but the tape section that I 'm going to play for you is I think very thrilling .
Anyway , he refers to me at the beginning , ' There 's someone in the audience that I want to interest in sound . '
Peter Kubelka , speaking at the University of Colorado about ten years ago :
PETER KUBELKA ( EXCERPT ) :
There is somebody in the audience here tonight whom I want to get interested in sound .
And so I 'll tell something about an early sound film .
When - what I want to say is that people already in the earliest stages of mankind where interested in making film - I mean in doing what we do when we make a sound film - and when they were not quite able to do it because of technical lack , lack of technical possibility .
And I will say what this is , what these people wanted to do ; and this is to create a ' sync ' event , so to speak .
I mean to have to see something , and to see something and hear something at the same time , and get something out of it .
It 's as simple as that .
And these sync events , for example all what dance is about is such a sync event .
Because you have music , or you have sound , and you try to fit it with your movement , with the movement of your body .
And I mean it 's a completely illogical thing and - but it is so , that combining visual and acoustical things is something which is a source of great joy to everybody .
And now comes the interesting thing :
What 's the strongest light that you could have for your eyes ?
It 's the sun , you see ?
It 's the fascinating thing of the sun .
But you can not handle the sun .
It 's out of reach .
So the sun has been imitated by fire or - I mean these early people who wanted to imitate the sun - or maybe lightning , you see , they could - Lightning has , and the thunder at the same time , and all they ended up was then maybe having a burning branch of a tree and a drum .
And they could make the sync even , like this .
PK : And I have witnessed myself a very early sound film when I was in Africa .
This was after I made my ARNULF RAINER film , this is the black and white film .
And you have already heard now why I made this film .
Because for the first time in mankind , you see , somebody - I mean , I 'm able to say sun is light and the dark and light and dark and lightning comes and goes and came sound with it .
Of course , I mean , limited , it 's ultimately far from the branch and the drums , but it is , I mean , to us little things seem [ like ] great things and at least its something .
Or , another difference that I could point out between me and these people who would drum is that I could n't afford to have the same joy that they had out of , because they can dance for seven days and be naked and drink and simply fall down and they have their natural ecstasy , and for that the drum may be enough .
And when I made this black and white film my situation was such that I had to be integrated in an Austrian 1960s society , I had to wear my clothes and all I could do was go to the cinema and sit down and create myself something which would be , which I would like .
And my passion was to create for myself an ecstasy , you see , to make it like the old people made it .
And to work with the sound of the thunder and to remain what I have to remain because you cannot step out of what you are .
So this was my motive .
And then afterwards I went to Africa , I made the African film and then I saw this stone - age sound film and I will tell you what it was .
There were these people in the little village [ unintelligible ] and they were preparing for an ecstasy , they had a big feast , they had some drink , they had gotten some money .
I could n't really make out what it was .
They had a sort of treasure in a little box and there were many tribes come together .
And they were beating out the whole day for the ecstasy to be reached in the night .
And first they would have procession and they would walk up and down , then they would sing and they would have choir .
And then they would have collage games , they would run against each other and fake assault and the excitement would grow and would grow and would grow .
And then the sun started to sink , to go down .
And the sun goes down rather rapidly in Africa , you come to the equator , [ then ] it goes .
And suddenly , everybody followed the sinking sun .
It was a huge , huge sun , and it was a flat land .
And the sun was coming down and down and down and down , and that the moment when the sun touched the horizon , just as the split second when the sun was touching the horizon , the first beats of drums was beaten , you see .
And I was moved to tears because this was , I mean this is the first sound film in history and - [ laughter ]
It was !
You see , it 's the same , the crack , this split second , you see what it is about , it is this desire to have the loud moment , loud , loudest , loud -'
MUSIC : Drummers from Niger Africa
SB : And that which I segued with Peter Kubelka 's lecture on the first sound - sync film is actually not the drummers that he was hearing in Africa , but it 's Songhay Zulu drummers from Niger Africa , which is the closest equivalent that we could dig up to give you some sense of the feeling of it .
But I might just as well have chosen a much more modern - though of course these drummers were modern living men , playing in this ancient tradition in Niger Africa in this time - I might have chosen a piece by a modern composer , a composer of this century , which has for me the same feelings .
So I think before you forget the end of Peter 's marvelous story , I 'd like to go to a piece of music by the composer Lili Boulanger .
MUSIC : Boulanger , " Psalm 24 "
SB : It just astonishes me that this woman , Lili Boulanger , is not as well known , is n't really known at all .
I think maybe the record that I 'm playing off of this is one of the few that is still in print .
It 's an Everest recording , a world premiere recording of the works of Lili Boulanger , and actually under the auspices of her sister Nadia , who 's very much more famous than she is .
Nadia , the sister , is famous as a teacher , and in fact she instructed almost all the mainstream of American , as well as a great deal of European , symphonic music .
Names such as Walter Piston , Aaron Copland , Roy Harris , Virgil Thomson , all studied with her .
And she taught them principles that were really principles of aesthetics of music that really were created by this sister of hers , Lili , who was always frail and sickly , if you can believe that after hearing this powerful " Psalm 24 " that I just played .
Always frail and sickly , and in fact , did die in 1918 at the age of twenty - four , leaving this incredible legacy .
I 'll be playing more of her later .
But we 're out of time today .
So some other time I 'll play more , much more of Lili Boulanger , who 's one of my very favorite composers .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 5
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage .
I 'd like to play for you today some recordings of a man that I can't really call a close friend , though I felt extremely close kinship with him in high school when I read his works in , of all places , the South High School Denver Library : the works of Kenneth Patchen .
Later I was to meet him , spend several evenings with him , and I 'll tell you a little about that story .
I was especially moved by his poems for Miriam , love poems to his wife , which so inspired me that I had extraordinary images of her created in a kind of , oh , tawdry fifties beauty ; but also sort of Diaphanous and wispy .
I mean she became one of the figures in a whole line of poetics that were my dreams of loving women to come .
And when I met her I was not prepared to recognize the beauty that she had : she was a strong , powerful , short , elderly woman who came to the door and invited me in to the home of Kenneth Patchen .
And it took me a little while to realize , and then fully believe , that this was the beautiful Miriam sung of in the poems .
Then , it was an important lesson for me because I began to see a kind of beauty that male chauvinism had not ever prepared me for .
SB : Patchen also was a disturbance .
My use of him in high school was his belligerent outcry against the draft ; how he would kick the master sergeant rather than allow himself to be examined as fodder for what would then be the Second World War .
Actually when I met him he had been through many back operations and was flat on his back , weak , pale , in obvious pain , and being very much cared for by Miriam .
And there are a lot of different stories about Patchen , what happened .
He never would have had the strength anyway or would simply have ended in prison had he met a sergeant or anyone else as forcefully as his poem wanted him to .
And somewhere before his actual induction into the war he slipped and fell down the stairs and had the first of [ many ] back injuries which were compounded by operation after operation .
But the spirit was exactly what had drawn me as a young man in high school .
It was a spirit against , well , and for , well , he 'll speak better for himself .
Patchen is one of those people who everyone seems to know about who reads a great deal , and who 's recognized , and whose books are kept in print , but whom for reasons I think his own voice will tell to you , who is ignored largely by the literary world or by any other kind of establishment .
But the young keep coming to him , like I did in high school , and still do .
And what I want to play are some of his selections from the great book , THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
I 'll play a number of these today and then later sort of play sections of it until the whole of it has been heard because it is in fact , it does fall beautifully into a journal , a voice now , alas is Patchen 's dead , that comes from the other world with the most startling news that you will not find in the newspapers .
Kenneth Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT
SB : I think before talking any more about Kenneth Patchen or anybody else , I 'd like to play the last piece of music composed by Lili Boulanger , as she 's dying , in 1918 in Paris , France : " Pie Jesu . "
MUSIC : Lili Boulanger , " Pie Jesu "
SB : Not to be unrelentingly solemn today , though when solemnity comes to such beauty as that , and Patchen 's anger and sorrow , sadness , also comes not only to some of the things that you 've heard already but to a great beauty and even exorbitant wit , and - but today the mood seems to be different .
Maybe in a way one should be glad that so fragile a person , though so strong a composer , as Lili Boulanger , did n't have to survive more than one World War .
And dying in 1918 she was spared the breakdown of all worlds ' peaceful inclination .
And the Second World War which put Patchen on his back , and some people six feet under of course - thousands , millions .
Patchen did live out his life , though very much like an en-coffined poet .
His disgust , as you 've heard already , was so complete he never did so far as I know come to a peace and resignation like Lili did .
SB : And these two , thinking of these two people and their relationship - Patchen , by the way , and I mean it should be said , was not the kind of saint either that he sounds in his journals any more than he was the strongman who boasted in rhyme and reason of hitting the master sergeant .
He was a fairly cantankerous man .
In fact , the reason I did n't never get to know Patchen better was because at the time in San Francisco , which would be , say , early - fifties , you could either belong to the Kenneth Rexroth group of poets or you could belong to the gathering around Kenneth Patchen ; you could not belong to both .
You quickly had to choose ; you were given about three , four weeks to choose between the two .
This was mostly at Kenneth Patchen 's insistence .
So this man who wrote so eloquently against war was waging the strongest possible one that he could from a sofa against one of the other most interesting poets of his own city .
And in fact it went further than that ; the rifts became very strong .
If you went to Kenneth Rexroth 's you also could n't know Robert Duncan and other people .
And otherwise not .
So within a few weeks when I had to make my choice , reluctantly , I began attending regularly Rexroth 's salons and did n't embarrass the Patchens ' with that by going to their home further .
SB : Both Patchen , Kenneth and Lili lead me inevitably to one of the greatest poets of our century who also is n't nearly as well known as she should be : H.D. , which stands for Hilda Doolittle .
There 's a poet that survived both those World Wars and had almost the full brunt of both of them .
Dear friends perishing senselessly in the trenches of the First World War - the whole world gone mad .
And then all the beliefs between the wars that that had been the war to end all wars and then the monstrosity of the Second World War , which she sat out in London amidst the blitzed bombings .
She 's a woman who tends to only get into literature of most people because she was - she was the girlfriend of William Carlos Williams , she was the fiancée of Ezra Pound , who sort of swept her off her feet over to London in the early - teens of this century .
She married another writer , Aldington .
She was the great love , one of the great loves of D.H. Lawrence .
The record on that is obscure and deliberately hidden so that the proof of it almost comes from the extent to which Aldington , her husband , and she herself have tried to conceal it .
But in the new book by Janice S. Robinson , H.D. : THE LIFE AND WORK OF AN AMERICAN POET , a biography of Hilda Doolittle , the case is made , as strong as I think it can be on the evidence , you know , on what is finally rather weak evidence unless you turn to the poems both of D.H. Lawrence and Hilda Doolittle , in which the astonishing thing emerges that she probably is the major model for Lady Chatterley in Lawrence 's LADY CHATTERLEY'S LOVER .
Whether that 's true or not , it should be .
It should be someone as graceful and fantastic and beautiful and intelligent and spiritually akin to him in a way ; and also it should be someone who was strong enough in herself to resist his macho , and make her own song .
Whatever it is , H.D. writes of war after , you know during the Second World War and afterwards from a perspective which she creates for herself .
Suppose it were true , as an early Greek poet had conjectured , that Helen never was of Troy ; that Helen had been spirited away to Egypt and that there , later , that Achilles was never killed at Troy , and that later , he had met her , in Egypt , on a beach .
SB : H.D. , a very old woman , who not only should be the model for Lady Chatterley , but maybe if God is a woman , God should sound something like this , reads from an asylum in Switzerland , not too long before her death , passages from her great poem , HELEN IN EGYPT .
Beginning with the section where ' How Did We Greet Each Other , ' meaning Helen of Troy and Achilles .
EXCERPT : Doolittle reading from HELEN IN EGYPT
SB : So , that 's H.D. reading from the long poem , the epic poem , HELEN IN EGYPT , and I 'll be playing more of that on other days .
But once again we 're out of time .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 6
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage .
I feel like talking about loneliness today in human beings , about the attempt to reach out to each other and as its occurred in the arts .
And I guess that 's as good a place as any to take up the chronicle of Kenneth Patchen , in the form of his readings from his journal , which I 'm going to play every time until we 've heard all of those selections that he put onto tape because they 're so meaningful to me .
Kenneth Patchen , reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT , and here is the piece of the journal for today .
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT
SB : And so it goes , and not just between cows and humans , or between Patchen and his lonely circumstance , flat on his back most of his life and in pain .
But just ordinarily from day to day , between any human beings .
Some people think that the arts were created , and are , for reaching out from one human being to another , and in a sense they are , but when , when that becomes an overwhelming imperative my view of it is that that 's communication at best , or whaling like the wolves at the moon or whales in the sea .
That what distinguishes an art of any kind is a beginning recognition that there is no simple communication .
So that the song can also exist in itself .
Everyone knows how lonely people are in our time because a lot of people have written about it or sung of it .
But it 's always been an imperative .
Those very strong , almost church militant Gregorian chants that begin this broadcast are also intrinsically lonely .
And or - what I 'd like to play for you is one of the songs of the Auvergne .
SB : These beautiful pieces were arranged from Basque folk songs by Joseph Canteloube and in this case sung by Natania Davrath , orchestra conducted by Pierre Delaroche in a Vanguard record that indeed may still be available .
The piece that 's always been the most beautiful to me is " The Shepard 's Song " of the Auvergne hills .
And I give just a little sense of what 's being sung .
Quote : ' Shepard across the river you do n't seem to be afraid , sing the Bolero .
Shepard , the meadow is in bloom , come over here to sing the Bolero .
The grass is greener on this side , you come here , Bolero .
Shepard , the stream separates us and I can't cross it , sing the Bolero . '
MUSIC : Davrath singing " The Shepard 's Song "
SB : The great poet of loneliness of the twentieth century , the great playwright who more than maybe anyone else has dramatized human separation , humans separated from each other plus their reaching out to each other in the most tender , lyric ways , and the hold , the only real hold we have on each other .
That playwright is usually , and in my opinion , considered to be Tennessee Williams , who died this year .
And I 'd like to play a little section from THE GLASS MENAGERIE , which was the play that first brought him to the world 's attention .
And this section is also the last performance by Montgomery Clift , before he died .
In the scene of the play , near the end , there 's been a terrible argument and he 's been thrown out of the house , or has chosen to leave , and with his mother screaming after him ' Go to movies , then , go to the moon . '
And that 's where this scene begins .
EXCERPT : Clift reading from Williams ' GLASS MENAGERIE
SB : Montgomery Clift , I understand , wanted more to do that the play , that part in that play than anything else at the last , coming through all the dreadful experiences of his life , the car wreck that smashed his face , the plastic surgery , the struggling to act again through that plastic , his own hopeless addiction by this time , and alcoholism , as was the case with Tennessee Williams , when he died this year .
And yet not hopeless .
He 's managed to bring his whole art through , informed by his experiences , to make this loneliness a public demonstration .
SB : But I just very much also did want to give you just a little bit of Tennessee Williams himself , without acting ability , reading that same passage , where you can hear , I feel , a truth more terrible than the stage has yet presented to us .
EXCERPT : Williams reading from THE GLASS MENAGERIE
SB : I hear at least a terror in that flat reading that is to me the real source of where the writing came from , for this is Williams ' most , most autobiographical play .
It is his trying to come to terms with his sister , called ' Laura ' in the play , and of course the part that you heard both these men reading is really himself , an expression of himself , that sister who somehow nobody could save .
She became , so Williams says in his memoirs , the first frontal - lobotomy person in the country and was rendered essentially a vegetable for the rest of her life .
And some of the last things that he , one of the last things that he had said to her in a fit of sibling anger was , ' I hate the very sight of your face . '
And that 's a mainspring for a great deal of his work , but I think never more tenderly or clearly than in that particular passage somehow .
SB : And then what shall I say about the sixties .
I want to share my friend Bruce Baillie with you , a filmmaker , and there 's no other way to do that in this form than with his voice .
And how shall I explain what was happening to anybody in the sixties at that time , maybe just simply say what his condition was and then leave it to him .
He was driving around in a car when he made this tape .
He made this tape because he could no longer face getting up on a stage in front of people at all .
We both had been scheduled to give film programs in Kalamazoo , and Baillie sent the tape instead to me personally , and then to be played there .
So after all these years I 'd like to share at least a small part of it with you ; he 's driving his car and he 's talking into his own tape recorder .
BRUCE BAILLIE ( EXCERPT ) :
It 's early morning , Thursday , and I 've tried to get to this next [ unintelligible ] , I only have a quarter with me , and a full tank of gas .
And then I can send this airmail special to you , and possibly you 'll get to hear it , the tape , before Saturday 's over .
I tried my best to get there .
I do n't know , I can't , I just can't seem to - to go through all the American traffic and excitement anymore .
I had to take a long trip from where I live , north of San Francisco , and I drove all day , and slept by an Indian creek in the middle of the trip , and continued on down and got there .
I just could n't get on that airplane this morning .
Schedule 's from 6:17 a.m. to 12:31 and so on until 6 p.m. , a whole day on that airplane with all those dead people .
I could n't do it again .
So I just , got up late last night , headed north again , could n't cash a cheque anywhere .
Finally did , got gas .
I slept out by some - well it's in the north of the bay , and there 's kind of a big river goes up there .
And I always wondered who lived up there ; there 's a few houses along the way .
I was just settling down , and lighted a match to write some notes , and , a big yellow moon up in the southeast .
Very sad moon , to see me still going .
I had a dream up at my place , where a lunar beloved came to me and was very sad that I was , just as in always my life I 'm on the move .
And I thought maybe I 'd see him the next night to continue , because when I woke up I decided to give in to whatever it was .
But it was too late , I guess , there he was watching me last night .
So anyway the guy comes up with a flashlight , and says , ' You ca n't be sleeping here . '
Some poor big fat guy that I could tell was scared .
I told him I was sick .
He says , ' No no .
I gotta sleep , I can't -'
I say , ' Oh well , okay . '
Unfriendly country .
I got back in the car and drove a little further north and found a little place off by farmers .
Slept awhile and now here I am .
SB : About the time that Bruce Baillie sent me that tape , the filmmaker , the Austrian filmmaker , Peter Kubelka came to live with Jane and I for a month or so in our mountain cabin .
And Peter insisted in those days , and still does , on playing the recorder , on getting together with people and making some kind of music in that way that can get neglected as we listen to fine performances to Basque folk songs blown up into orchestral versions .
We can forget what 's the origin of all of it and where it all finally ends .
The piece of music that we get together and play is very ironic under the context ; it 's one of the saddest , loneliest songs of the Civil War , " When Johnny Comes Marching Home , " and its been sung at most wars since .
And maybe here 's the only antidote - I mean I do n't think Peter realized quite the irony , or maybe he did , that during the Vietnam War we'd be sitting here playing in this fashion this song .
He 's insisted that I play on the violin , I have n't played on since I was a child , and so I provide a kind of base drone ; and Jane joins him in the recorder , and here it is :
MUSIC : Kubelka , Stan and Jane Brakhage playing " When Johnny Comes Marching Home "
SB : And there was , there is a piece of music that I give ' the test of time ' on , Charles Ives ' " Seer . "
By the time he wrote it he knew perfectly well that probably his orchestral music would never be played alive in his lifetime .
And all the same , as true amateur , he went right on making his music .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 7
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , this is Stan Brakhage .
I wonder if you ever heard of Frei Jacinto Frei Jacinto .
I 'm not even sure how to pronounce the name myself , so I 'll spell it : J - A - C - I - N - T - O , eighteenth century Portuguese composer .
And probably you have n't heard of him ; there 's only two pieces of music that they 've been able to find so far by this man , but they 're both significant enough ; they 've been preserved .
He was a contemporary of Scarlatti and Seixas , eighteenth century .
And here is his remarkable " Sonata in D Minor . "
MUSIC : Jacinto , " Sonata in D Minor "
SB : One can suspect that this Frei Jahinto , or Jacinto , Portuguese eighteenth century composer , was so alarming to his contemporaries with music like that that they might have stoned him to death , and that 's why we only have a few pieces from him .
Beautiful and lyric as the piece is in a way , it 's fraught with rhythms of belligerency , and war rhythms I would say .
I 'm no expert on them by any other , but the ultimate study that all of , most of my growing up , almost all , the radios carried to me the major sense of war rhythms , the urgency of them .
Aside from the messages , which I often did n't understand , I understood the rhythms and their effect on the people and how they moved through human beings on the streets around me .
It was my school of rhythm of war .
I give you just an example of it .
EXCERPT : Radio war recordings
SB : So the rhythms need not necessarily be fast or swift .
They can even be a certain pacing which leads straight to prayer .
Human beings have been commissioned to make a war music ; that is a music that people will be not only willing but anxious to die to .
Composers have made fortunes and made this their entire life of composition .
I give you an example from the Civil War , replayed , of course , by the Eastman Wind Ensemble .
Civil War war music :
MUSIC : Eastman Wind Ensemble , Civil War music
SB : So , we have a music which is composed but , I think , not by artists , because it 's composed not to give a sense of something , or a balance , but actually to effect people , to stir them up .
SB : I want to play for you another piece , by Charles Ives , himself singing , which shows the excitement that a person can have , in this case in the fever of the First World War , and out of Ives ' patriotism , singing joyously of going over there to fight - " We Are There " is the name of the piece - but because he is and cannot help himself to be a composer , he really shows forth something of the horror of old men singing delightedly of war .
MUSIC : Ives , " We Are There "
SB : And so we have it .
I think as artists cannot help but make it a clarity , a whole sense , not only of the rhythm but of something of what it leads to and of its even false grounds .
Art also is useful for people to extract these rhythms of truth and to destroy the balance of rhythm-ing and use again for propaganda .
Hitler , for instance , studied carefully the nineteenth century theatre , studied with the theatrical people of the Max Reinhardt tradition of theatre , the rhetorical sense of theatre , and honed all their gestures , and their senses of voice into a masterpiece of propagandizing , I think .
EXCERPT : Hitler 's address
SB : And so he led a nation feverishly to war and finally sucked a whole world into it .
And I think really essentially off these rhythm -ings .
You know , people who actually have heard him speak have said that the movies that show him speaking , the newsreels that is , the recordings that have been made , do n't capture even more than a little bit of the hypnotic power that he had .
But my friend Eugene Salomé , who experienced directly Hitler 's speeches , and experienced them , by the way , as a determined spy against the Nazis throughout the whole Second World War , said that even he , with his determination , and his full consciousness of his determination to destroy the Nazis , had to be very careful listening to Hitler ; and that once he opened himself just a little bit during a speech , and , like unbuttoning one button of his coat , and began to feel himself swept up in the Nazi enthusiasm .
He has also told me that that little piece of recording I played for you is the closest he 's ever heard , actually on record or tape or film , to something of the sense of the power of his speaking .
SB : So we have a sense of what the arts can do when imbalanced , and a sense of what they can do in the original .
Artists are no more immune from war fever than anybody else ; for example - well I can't say that some are and some are n't .
I think maybe it's a good moment to listen to see what Kenneth Patchen has to say from his JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT this week .
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
SB : That 's also a war poem that was written , that was begun at least during the Second World War as he lay flat on his back with a whole society gone , to him , mad around him ; though that was , as you know , the just war , the Second World War .
That was the war which seemed most to have to be fought and which Patchen and some few other refused to have anything to do with .
SB : But then there are the poets who are extraordinarily belligerent like our Portuguese composer ; the young Ezra Pound , before the First World War , writes this :
SB : ' Damn it all !
All this our South stinks peace .
You whoreson dog , Papiols , come !
Let 's to music !
I have no life save when the swords clash .
But ah !
When I see the standards gold , vair , purple , opposing and the broad fields beneath them turned crimson , then howls my heart nigh mad with rejoicing .'
SB : That 's from " Sestina : Altaforte , " and that was done by Pound with a drum and with his voice more than I can make it for you .
Something more like this :
SB : ' In the hot summer have I great rejoicing .
When the tempests kill the earth 's foul peace , and the lightnings from blank heav'n flash crimson , and the fierce thunders roar me their music .
And the winds shriek through the clouds mad , opposing , and through all the ribbon skies Gods ' swords clash . '
SB : And so on for a number of other verses .
But then let 's listen to the Pound of the CANTOS , a Pound at the age of eighty - seven , having lived through two World Wars after writing that poem ; after having been incarcerated twelve years in an asylum rather than be tried for treason for his collaboration with the Italians during the Second World War ; a man who devoted so much of his life trying to stop war in the meantime ; and between those wars had written of the deaths of so many of his friends at the front , dear friends of his ; so that this part of the CANTOS really is just an old man reminiscing .
But still with that balance that it's not against war , that it 's , concludes its jokes like ' getting it up , ' its kind of war - front humor , its camaraderie ; and yet , lists off all that 's been lost .
EXCERPT : Pound reading from the CANTOS
SB : And that still has carrying in it , though feebly and with some deep recognition , still it carries in it , rhythm-ing , belligerent , aside from what 's being said .
Again I do n't know any better way to contrast than to hear some more from Kenneth Patchen , who managed that almost impossible , and considered by most people cowardly thing , to keep out of it altogether .
Kenneth Patchen :
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
SB : And so we have a peacefulness condensed entirely within this writing that he 's doing at this period and yet , as I said before , he was fighting also with his little circle of admirers against Kenneth Rexroth 's , or Robert Duncan 's , or anyone else 's in town in the fifties .
But he had managed at least to make an area in which the rhythm-ing was peaceful .
SB : Yet it does n't begin to touch the old woman , H.D. , who had young been Ezra Pound 's lover in a tree - house in Pennsylvania ; who 'd followed him across the ocean against her parents wishes ; who 'd married otherwise , and separated herself , and fiercely retrieved her own poetics from his ; who'd had an affair with D.H. Lawrence during the First World War ; and who'd lived out a whole life and come finally to the peace of these lines in HELEN IN EGYPT where she 's imagining all of it , those two wars , through the Greek Trojan War .
EXCERPT : H.D. reading from HELEN IN EGYPT
SB : Whatever sense I 've been able to make of this I wish to dedicate to Frank Georgiana and the production of Howard Barker 's NO END OF BLAME , an extraordinary play by a playwright unknown to me except for this production , a play which manages to ring some real hope , some careful hard hope , out of two World Wars and the difficulties of living in the twentieth century .
MUSIC : Ives , " The Seer "
PROGRAM 8
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage and today I feel like talking about love of women .
It 's been very difficult across the twentieth century for men to express love of women in words .
And that 's because there 's been too many centuries of lies , so many endearments in language and so much harsh reality , that many women have come rightly to feel a hatred of the language of love , even the word itself , used so much in hypocrisy .
And for artists this is a problem , of course no less than for anyone else , in fact its their charge to revitalize the language .
One of the tactics for doing this has been to play with it outrageously ; to make fun , which would be easy but could also be a hurtfulness , like lies .
But the other is to play with it out of deep love and feeling .
Not since Lewis Carroll perhaps has anyone made a poem quite like the one I 'm going to share with you ; and its made by a painter , Kurt Schwitters , mostly famous for his beautiful little collage works - pieces of trash and discarded objects that he'd collect on the street and weave and paste together into a magnificent little treasure chest of pictures that now are considered great masterpieces of twentieth century art .
He was a man not content to just deal with collage of image , but put together poems , both in French and English , and we 're fortunate enough to have him reading his poem , " An Anna Blume . "
The voice of Kurt Schwitters .
EXCERPT : Schwitters reading " An Anna Blume "
SB : [ Laughs ] So - Kurt Schwitters .
That may seem an extreme to have to go [ to ] , but all artists have been pushed , all male artists at least in the twentieth century , have been pushed to extremes to give some new , and therefore , their new , some real expression to their feeling about women .
SB : For many men the only way they could arrive at it is through love of daughters .
Charles Ives , at the turn of the century , has this beautiful little song to his two daughters called " Two Little Flowers . "
MUSIC : Ives , " Two Little Flowers " ( sung by Evelyn Lyre )
SB : Though that 's not , that 's an extremely sentimental , we would say today , equivocation of women , and daughters have n't had all that much luck with their fathers either across this time .
The piece is beautifully sung , by the way , by Evelyn Lyre , and that 's probably still is available on a Columbia record of " American Scenes , American Poets : Songs of Charles Ives . "
Sentimental ?
Well , some men have gone to great lengths to really serenade their loves , without being sentimental ; and I think one of the greatest examples of such is by Andre Breton .
SB : Andre Breton writes the following to his wife .
He was , I should pause to say , really the leader of the Surrealist movement in France ; not only at the turn of the century , when it began , but clear up through the war years when he edited a magazine of Surrealism called VIEW , in New York City .
The unacknowledged leader , though there was no real position or elected leadership .
I think maybe Jean Cocteau postures him best when he puts him in the film as a character in his film ORPHEUS , and has Andre Breton say to the famous poet , who 's won the approval of all the people that , ' The people are alone . '
And to additionally within that film , or Cocteau 's picturing of Andre Breton , to defend a book of poetry that 's nothing but blank pages , and a movement called Nudism , by saying , ' Well - it 's better than if the book was filled with bad poems . '
In addition to these , being the aesthetician of this movement , Andre Breton was also a fine poet , and I 'm going to read to you from his poem " Freedom of Love " :
SB : ' My wife with the hair of a wood fire .
With the thoughts of heat lightning .
With the waist of an hourglass .
With the waist of an otter in the teeth of a tiger .
My wife with the lips of a cockade and of a bunch of stars of the last magnitude .
With the teeth of tracks of white mice on the white earth .
With the tongue of rubbed amber and glass .
My wife with the tongue of a stabbed host .
With the tongue of a doll that opens and closes its eyes .
With the tongue of an unbelievable stone .
My wife with the eyelashes of strokes of a child 's writing .
With brows of an edge of the swallow 's nest .
My wife with the brow of slates of a hothouse roof .
And of steam on the panes .
My wife with shoulders of champagne .
And of a fountain with dolphin - heads beneath the ice .
My wife with wrists of matches .
My wife with fingers of luck and ace of hearts .
With fingers of mown hay .
My wife with armpits of marten and of beechnut .
And of Midsummer Night .
Of privet and of an angelfish nest .
With arms of seafoam and of riverlocks .
And of a mingling of the wheat and the mill .
My wife with legs of flares .
With the movements of clockwork and despair .
My wife with calves of eldertree pith .
My wife with feet of initials .
With feet of rings of keys and Java sparrows drinking .
My wife with a neck of unpearled barley .
My wife with a throat of the valley of gold .
Of a tryst in the very bed of the torrent .
With breasts of night .
My wife with breasts of a marine molehill .
My wife with breasts of a ruby 's crucible .
With breasts of the rose 's spectre beneath the dew .
My wife with the belly of a gigantic claw .
My wife with the back of a bird fleeing vertically .
With a back of quicksilver .
With a back of light .
With a nape of rolled stone and wet chalk .
And of the drop of a glass where one has just been drinking .
My wife with hips of a skiff .
With hips of a chandelier and of arrow - feathers .
And of shafts of white peacock plumes .
Of an insensible pendulum .
My wife with buttocks of sandstone and asbestos .
My wife with buttocks of swans ' backs .
My wife with buttocks of spring .
With the sex of an iris .
My wife with the sex of a mining - placer and a platypus .
My wife with a sex of seaweed and ancient sweetmeat .
My wife with a sex of mirror .
My wife with eyes full of tears .
With eyes of purple panoply and of a magnetic needle .
My wife with savanna eyes .
My wife with eyes of water to be drunk in prison .
My wife with eyes of wood always under the axe .
My wife with eyes of water - level of level of air earth and fire . '
SB : Still it 's in a tradition , it 's in the tradition , however beautifully , of praising women , which women at least have come to learn , to suspect , if not absolutely hate .
That by the way was translated out of the French by Edouard Roditi and in a beautiful little book with drawings by the painter Arshile Gorky .
SB : Women have tended to do better in praise of women in the twentieth century , though even they , as you 'll hear in the next example , have to go to extremes of language .
Edith Sitwell , in her marvelous façade : you have to imagine one of the most stately ladies of England , whether poor as she sometimes was , or well to - do ; moving always alone , though in company with her brothers and her small band of fellow artists ; even finally internationally known , as it's said , but lonely and unknown by the people ; moving always with a stately grace in dresses of velvet , an elegance that had to make up for all that was often lacking ; finally becoming very old and finding , in collaboration with the composer William Walton , finding herself on a stage as part of an entertainment in the English theatre .
She and Peter Pears , reading her poems and I 'm going to play one of hers in praise of some women , accompanied by William Walton 's music .
EXCERPT : Sitwell reading an unspecified poem , with music by Walton
SB : And so there 's something of the original recording , London recording of Dame Edith Sitwell herself reading .
Since then there 's been another recording put out with further music by William Walton and that 's a wonderful record , too .
But I can't help but prefer hearing the voice of Edith Sitwell herself .
And I 'll be playing it for you again .
SB : Maybe it 's because women of course know the actual condition and would know that in the language as well .
I think the greatest tribute to women has been written by Gertrude Stein in a simple little poem that 's also the most widely spread in the English language .
You all know it I 'm sure : " Rose is a rose is a rose . "
Everyone makes a joke of it and it 's supposed simply to mean that a poem is a poem and a rose is a rose .
But it also means , if you slur the language a little , if you consider that what the rose has meant through all the years of English poetry , and then you slur them a little as you go round and round with that line , you get ' Rose , ' the name of it , is ' arose , ' a growth process , growing up , is ' eros , ' ' e - r - o - s , ' a symbol for sex , is ' arrows , ' ' a - r - r - o - w -s , ' which could be either cupids ' arrows or death , is ' sorrows ' also a symbol for death ; and birth , sex and death in relationship to women is what that poem has always meant .
So it 's not just a toy , delightful as it is as that .
SB : The extremes to which people have to go .
Well , of course it 's the problem of making up a new fiction .
Let 's hear what Kenneth Patchen has to say with that as he describes honestly his creating of people for his JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT
SB : At the same time that I knew Kenneth Patchen - I had just met him in San Francisco - I came to know one of my dearest friends of my life , the poet Michael McClure .
And Michael , in the sixties , created an extreme form of language to say everything .
He created a book of sound poems that combine his English with the expressions beyond the language of English .
And these sound poems - I just have to give you some sense of another kind of elegance : I can see Michael McClure and Dame Edith Sitwell walking along the street together ; they 'd make a perfect couple in a way .
Michael , tall , stately , extremely handsome , handsomeness that 's like coiled - steel if you take a hold of him , and with the courage to break out of language and do what made everyone else say he was making a fool of himself .
Go and read one of his " Beast Poems , " as he called it , to the lions in the San Francisco Zoo , his friend Bruce Conner making this recording .
EXCERPT : McClure reading a " Beast Poem "
SB : Love of women ?
Well , a reaching out with his whole animal being and loving - a recognition of his being animal and reaching out to all the animals of the earth , the whole basis for any kind of human loving .
And for the occasion I want to change the end music for this program and play Charles Ives , another little piece of his , " The New River . "
MUSIC : Ives , " The New River "
PROGRAM 9
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage .
I want to talk today about one of the greatest filmmakers , Orson Welles .
A man who in a different time , I 've always thought , could probably , might have been , the Shakespeare of film .
He had all that kind of strong personality , as to control the economics , to control the stage setting , and casts of , in some cases , of films he made later , hundreds of people ; and on the stage , the complications to be producer and director and to deal with the temper - mentality of actors and actresses and so on .
And none of this killed the sensitivity that he had as a child , which had him reading , quoting from memory Shakespeare before five years old , performing with the little puppet theatre his Shakespeare productions .
Actually , we were n't ready for a Renaissance yet .
And so he ends up the fool of Johnny Carson , in some sad sense , or of Dean Martin , and can't seem to make films anymore at all , or stage productions .
He 's also a man very involved in politics all his life and worked under the Roosevelt administration , which makes the piece that I 'm about to play for you even more surprising .
He also loved and based all his work on the bible .
And here we have a strange piece coming , through the recent years , of his own writing , his questioning of ' The Great Society ' under Lyndon Johnson , and eventually his attacks on the Vietnam War .
Anyway I 'll let him speak for himself .
Here 's Orson Welles and his own script , and reading THE BEGETTING OF THE PRESIDENT .
EXCERPT : Welles reading from THE BEGETTING OF THE PRESIDENT
MUSIC : Sergei Rachmaninoff , " Prelude in C Sharp Minor "
SB : I conjoined that piece of music , which is Sergei Rachmaninoff 's " Prelude in C Sharp Minor , " with Orson Welles ' escalading of ' The Great Society ' because I do deeply believe that music is not abstract , that it 's just another way of thinking .
And that there are patterns which are expressed through music , which do reflect directly whatever most blunt political troubles or world crises we 're either trying to survive or are perhaps trapped in .
That piece of music is to me one of the most beautiful pieces of music written in the twentieth century , but it 's also one of the most successfully classical .
It 's built of a very particular structure that people are entirely used to , or at least were at the time that he composed it and played it over and over again , as Rachmaninoff was also a great concert pianist .
And in fact the magic of this particular record is that this is as exact a recreation of Rachmaninoff playing the piano as you will ever hear ; its done through a particularly sensitive system , a player piano that actually , instead of being holes punched in paper , was quills dipped in mercury , so that when Rachmaninoff performed on that piano , the slightest tremolo of his playing was recorded and traced and that performance can be recreated much better than any of the by now very old records that were made of him .
Anyway , my reason for playing it was to listen to a kind of very extraordinarily beautiful but somehow musical trap out of the nineteenth century ; and that piece , the " Prelude in C Sharp Minor " had become a trap for Rachmaninoff himself ; he was always asked to play it , everywhere he went , it was so popular ; and he came to hate it worse than any piece of music ever composed .
SB : So it is with most people and the bible .
The bible has come to them in forms and been used in so many ways unhappily for their torment and for their restriction that the great beauty of the bible itself has come to be difficult to turn to .
And yet it does still remain , at least in America , the base of almost all writing .
It and Shakespeare were the two books that made it across the plains , you know , even after the cow died and the covered wagon was stuck somewhere , the family still carried those two books .
And you can hear it very clearly all the way through THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT , by Kenneth Patchen .
EXCERPT : Patchen reading from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT .
MUSIC : Josef Matthias Hauer , " Vienna Night "
SB : And the design that I chose to put with Patchen 's piece from THE JOURNAL OF ALBION MOONLIGHT is " Wien Nacht , " or " Vienna Night , " by Josef Matthias Hauer .
And the reason that I did that is I know no other human who 's tried so hard as he did in this century to deflect the history of music from the kind of use of it to create power and swelling of emotions , such as is beautifully epitomized by Rachmaninoff 's " Prelude in C Sharp Minor . "
Hauer rejected all of those constructs , those familiar constructs that were so rooted in the emotions of people that they would feel great power and great strength and great surety , great passion , tragedy , so forth .
Hauer wanted music to become , as I think Patchen is calling for , a reflection of the designs of simple living and of beautiful , peaceful thinking .
He was the first man to create the twelve - tone system of music .
And instead of this giving him a peaceful life , along came Arnold Schoenberg not long after and , absolutely independent of Hauer , created a twelve - tone system of music which did incorporate within itself even more of a sense of power and strength and emotional fervor and drama , and as if , not to - and I mean even further difficult for Hauer , along came Alban Berg , who created some of the most powerful , bloody operas of the twentieth century , capable of dealing even with Jack the Ripper in music .
And poor Hauer sat there with his beautiful quiet pieces in absolute poverty in Vienna , slowly sending out his music which was n't played , occasionally playing it himself .
And his fury mounted across the years , until he finally was making a stamp that he put on all his letters saying ' Josef Matthias Hauer , the original creator of twelve - tone music ' etc .
In other words , he too did n't escape a war of a sorts .
But the music is beautiful , simple , and an alternative .
SB : And finally he was recognized - there 's a wonderful story I have to share with you about Hauer .
Finally the city of Vienna , which always did try to honor its artists and give them a stipend and help them to survive , came to him with an award that 's usually given to anyone that 's achieved any kind of international fame in their twenties .
He was in his late - sixties or seventies when they finally arrived at his slum - dwelling little room , knocked on the door , he came to the door , in his shorts , as it happened , and they held out this award to him and he threw up his hands and he said ' I knew you were coming ! '
So he did get some kind of honor at the end .
SB : Patchen rejects of course Leonardo da Vinci , also a murderer ; all culture , all of artists even at times , all of books ; if you remember he refers to these big - bottomed ash cans into which men dump their souls .
And this rejection of the arts must always be mixed with some sense that also out of the arts comes the antidote .
That the bible cannot be an occasion trusted by everybody as an occasion of solemnity , does not prevent it from continuing to be the basis of rhythms of the language that we hold , and many of the concepts , too ; and , or even an occasion for gentle humor , which sees in the whole of the flood , the biblical flood , an occasion for praising the simple things of daily life .
Robert Duncan 's " The Ballad of Mrs. Noah . "
EXCERPT : Duncan reading " The Ballad of Mrs. Noah "
MUSIC : Samuel Barber , " Hermit Song # 1 " ( sung by Leontyne Price )
SB : Two of my very people conjoined there , the poet Robert Duncan and his " Ballad of Mrs. Noah , " and the American composer Samuel Barber in the first of his " Hermit Songs , " in this case sung by Leontyne Price .
And that 's all for today .
We move on to Charles Ives and " The New River . "
MUSIC : Ives , " The New River "
PROGRAM 10
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage and I 'd like to present you with a riddle .
I 'm going to play a piece of music and if you are at all like myself when I first heard this , or any of the people I 've played it for , this music will probably haunt you , and you may have difficulty naming it .
MUSIC : Igor Stravinsky , " The Rite of Spring "
SB : And so in the middle of playing the first piece I segued over to the orchestral version , at which point a lot of people at least probably recognized Stravinsky 's " Le Sacre du Printemps , " or " The Rite of Spring . "
The part that I was playing first is a version for two pianos , which was used of course in the original composition of the piece and used to help the dancers to learn how to dance to it .
And played in this case on a London recording in this case by the famous pair , Eden and Tamir , who have made it their job to go around showing us what can be done with two pianos .
One reason I did that was that this piece , which is generally associated with creation , is almost impossible to recognize in its original piano version .
But , by many people at least who are familiar with it , at least those who 've seen FANTASIA , the dinosaur sequence , might call it to mind when they hear the whole texture .
Well , I have a sense that creation is hard to recognize in a more daily sense .
All the time , people when they think of creation these days think of scientific explanations and so forth , or maybe ancient myths which are often no longer believed ; but around us , just in the daily chores and happenings of our life , and especially as it occurs in the mind of children , are creation myths , bringing anew .
And one of the most amusing I know is James Broughton 's " Papa Had a Bird . "
EXCERPT : Broughton reading " Papa Had a Bird "
SB : James Broughton 's " Papa Had a Pig . "
James Broughton is one of my oldest friends , one of the most delightful people on Earth .
He 's a poet who 's managed to be the most avant - garde in our time by choosing to write in various styles that are major routes of our sense of rhyming , and limerick , and language in general , but which have tended to be overlooked or despised and that 's not to bother James , who 's anyway run in the teeth of the times in every way he could .
He 's a person who originally was a tap dancer in show business and writing poetry then , too ; found his home in San Francisco , created a press there which published some of the most extraordinary avant - garde works after the war , and went right on mining his own childhood experiences of poetics in relationship to modern times ; that is with a language absolutely American and not at all Mother - Goosey , in the original sense .
A man also who insists on touching everything , every person , disconcerting to Americans who are usually uptight , when Broughton comes up and feels their biceps , their shoulders , their stomach , their legs , their thighs , the tops of their heads , and embraces them such as few are embraced even by their mates .
And James is a complete delight and , also his constant exemplum , example , at least of creation to me .
Wit is perhaps one of the greatest ways to make the daily re-creation alive in people 's minds .
SB : Another great wit , a great poet , and an old friend of mine , Ed Dorn ; in his very latest book , CAPTAIN JACK'S CHAPS , by the Black Mesa Press , writes this poem , " God Creates Man " :
SB : ' There 's no problem with God created man , of course he did ; he just created a lot of monkeys first , for practice .
But anyway , that 's all rather vague ; to be exact , Odon created man , as well as poetry , and he wore a hat and carried a staff and he was a traveler , like Mercury . '
SB : Almost all of any poet 's work , any single poem , could be said to be about creation .
But one of the most interesting drives in our times , to me , is to mine earlier myths to find how other people just looked at the world freshly .
I 'm going to play Ed Dorn , reading years ago , more than a decade , in Riverside , California , his then work - in - progress from RECOLLECTIONS OF GRAN APACHERlA , the creation myth of the Apache recreated as Edward did in " Creation . "
EXCERPT : Dorn reading " Creation "
MUSIC : Panalol Ghose , untitled
SB : I , my goodness , even called old friend Ed Dorn , " Edward , " to get some distance from him , so that I could hear him as he gets at the Apache legends of creation ; and then conjoined with the India Indian music of Panalol Ghose .
I 've been embarrassed since I first played a section of Panalol Ghose , knowing , and that you have to hear the whole of it to get a sense of creation .
Creation begins with at least almost nothing , and then has to develop carefully every piece of itself to make a world .
And so , as usual , we end the program with " A New River , " of Charles Ives .
MUSIC : Ives , " The New River "
PROGRAM 11
MUSIC : Gregorian chant
STAN BRAKHAGE ( SB ) : Hi , I 'm Stan Brakhage and I want to share with you today the ghost of a great composer , Claude Debussy .
At the turn of the century there was an extraordinary player piano that was invented by Edwin Welt and demonstrated actually in 1904 .
A player piano of course was n't anything new ; for a long time paper rolls were punched in a certain way that when played back they would cause the keys of the piano to depress and play notes , but in a rather mechanical fashion .
But what Mr. Welt had invented was a form of this piano that could be applied to the finest of grand pianos , and a system of quills dipped in mercury that would cause every single vibration of a performance played on that piano to be recorded in squiggly lines so that you could have a playback that was the most extraordinary in its capturing of the sense of playing the piano of anything we had possible until the invention of stereophonic recordings .
And one of the composers that was recorded playing his music was Claude Debussy .
So you have to , to get the full magic of this , imagine a stage , red velvet curtains opening , a grand piano sitting in the middle of it , and then suddenly the keys beginning to be depressed as in fact the very pianistic 's spirit as well as the composer 's spirit of Claude Debussy plays for you his " Sunken Cathedral . "
MUSIC : Debussy , " Sunken Cathedral "
SB : That recording was released by the Keyboard Immortals series .
Some record albums of other composers as well as Debussy , shortly out of print , did n't seem to create much interest in the world and I do n't understand why because one can really hear how Claude Debussy himself wanted his music played , and in hearing the way he slurs the tones into each other , one can sense his relationship to the French Impressionists , to that same aesthetic that he was a part of .
One can also hear that drift as they were making images , wishing to make images out of particles of light .
He too , though he was a composer of music , wished to make pictures out of particles of sound and even in this case to represent an architecture of the imagination .
So one hears also in the music how he was a Romantic , just by the choice of the kind of architecture that he picked .
SB : I want to read the first two verses of Edgar Allen Poe 's " The City and the Sea , " a poem very related in its imagery with language , particles of sounds we call words , trying to create an architectural sense of an entire city .
Quote :
SB : 'Lo !
Death has reared himself a throne , In a strange city lying alone .
Far down within the dim West ,
Where the good and the bad and the worst and the best , Have gone to their eternal rest .
There shrines and palaces and towers ( Time - eaten towers , that tremble not ! )
Resemble nothing that is ours .
Around , by lifting winds forgot , Resignedly beneath the sky , the melancholy waters he .
No rays from the holy heaven come down
On the long nighttime of that town ;
But light from out the lurid sea Streams up the turret silently - Gleams up the pinnacles far and free -
Up domes - up spires - up kingly halls -
Up fanes - up Babylon - like walls -
Up shadowy long - forgotten bowers
Of sculptured ivy and stone flowers -
Up many and many a marvelous shrine
Whose wreathed friezes intertwine
The viol , the violet , and the vine . '
SB : End quote .
There 's three more verses to that poem but that gives an idea of representing a whole architectural vision just with language .
I mean there is this yearning in people to escape their own forms of expression , to reach out to others , from which have come some of the most marvelous pieces of art
Free speech advocates from across the political spectrum gear up to take their case public .
Obama order worries speech groups
Free speech advocates from across the political spectrum are accusing President Barack Obama of impinging on First Amendment rights and are gearing up to take their case public .
At issue is an unprecedented directive that Obama — who has long railed against lobbyists as the personification of a corrupt Washington culture — issued last week barring officials charged with doling out stimulus funds from talking to registered lobbyists about specific projects or applicants for stimulus cash .
Advertisement
Under the directive , which began going into effect this week , agency officials are required to begin meetings about stimulus funding for projects by asking whether any party to the conversation is a lobbyist .
“ If so , the lobbyist may not attend or participate in the telephonic or in - person contact , but may submit a communication in writing , ” reads Obama ’s memo , which requires the agencies to post lobbyists ’ written communications online .
The rule is intended to prevent stimulus funds from being “ distributed on the basis of factors other than the merits of proposed projects or in response to improper influence or pressure , ” according to the memo .
While applauding that goal , Michael Macleod - Ball , chief legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union and himself a lobbyist , questioned the means , saying , “ The question is whether this restriction , as it ’s drafted , is the best way to achieve that end with the narrowest amount of limitation on an individual ’s rights possible .
“ From our perspective , the pretty clear answer is ‘ no , it ’s not . ’ ”
Next week , the left - leaning ACLU will join with the nonprofit watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and the trade group the American League of Lobbyists in sending a letter to the White House protesting the policy , said League President Dave Wenhold .
But Elizabeth
Alexander , press secretary for the vice president , who has been tasked with overseeing the stimulus , pointed out that lobbyists can still talk to administration officials about the stimulus policies , just not specific projects .
“ The goal is full transparency .
That ’s entirely consistent with the First Amendment , ” she said in a statement to POLITICO .
“ Lobbyists can communicate about specific projects in writing and about policy issues orally .
That fully respects freedom of speech — while at the same time ending closed - door lobbyist deal - making in favor of sunlight , ” she said .
Hardly , said Wenhold , who said lobbyists have already told him they were barred from meetings in which only one out of the six topics on the agenda had to do with specific projects .
“ This is a slippery slope , ” he said , asserting the practical effect is to bar lobbyists from most — if not all — discussions about the stimulus .
“ And that is unconstitutional , because it takes a class of people and says that they are not worthy to petition the government , ” Wenhold said , adding that his group will hold a Tuesday news conference to highlight the First Amendment impact of the rule .
“ It just goes too far , ” he said , asserting “ if anybody is paying attention , they should be wondering ‘ is my group next ? ’
If they take the right to petition the government away from one class of people , who is going to be next ? ”
A separate protest letter is being penned by the Center for Competitive Politics , a nonprofit group that is generally considered right - leaning and that advocates for less stringent regulations on campaign finance and political speech .
The memo “ clearly represents a step backward from the idea that citizens can ‘ petition their government ’ to address their concerns , ” said Sean Parnell , president of the center .
“ It is always of concern to First Amendment advocates when the government seeks to limit the influence and input of citizens in the decision - and policy - making process , ” he said .
Tara Malloy , a lawyer for the nonpartisan Campaign Legal Center , pointed out that “ courts have upheld a wide range of regulations that specifically target lobbyists and lobbying activities . ”
Though she conceded courts likely have n’t considered rules like those in Obama ’s memo , she said “ arguably , the memorandum is no more restrictive of First Amendment activities than the regulations that have been found constitutional . ”
First Amendment implications aside , the new lobbyist - muzzle rule is unprecedented and could have unintended consequences , said ethics and lobbying lawyer Larry Norton .
A former Federal Election Commission general counsel , Norton predicted the rules will prompt some lobbyists to de-register , so they can personally lobby agencies for stimulus funds .
That can be done legally , Norton said , if the lobbyists shift their workloads so that they spend less than 20 percent of their time lobbying – the threshold at which lobbyists must register with Congress .
“ I do n’t imagine that ’s what they intended , ” he said of the Obama administration , adding , “ It ’s hard for me to see that ( the memo ) really addresses the problem or that in execution it ’s going to solve very much .
It is going to create a lot of separate classes of advocates in this town . ”
“ I have to say I was quite surprised by the reach of it . ”
COBBLES MATCH WWE legend Paige begs for Corrie role - as the soap follows her on Instagram
GEOFF'S RAGE Geoff 's revenge in Corrie explained as the police crash Tim 's wedding
PLATT'S BACK Corrie 's Gail returns next week - for dramatic clash with Nick 's ex Natasha
LOSING BATTLE Corrie 's Steve and Leanne launch court battle to save Oliver 's life
ABI TO THE RESCUE Corrie 's Abi Franklin kidnaps Geoff on Tim and Sally 's wedding day
CRUEL TIMING Corrie 's Leanne devastated as she meets Nick 's son Sam and ex Natasha
YASMEEN'S PAIN Corrie 's Yasmeen announces she wants to stay in prison away from Geoff
MASK OFF Corrie hit by Ofcom complaints after Leanne & Steve pull facemasks off in hospital
BABY WRONG Corrie fans think Tiana is n't Michael 's daughter as Grace rejects his proposal
During Sony ’s E3 Press Conference Hideo Kojima took the stage , and formally announced Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker .
This is Kojima ’s 4th title on the ] PSP , and he promises his full dedication , and is placing the phenomenal Metal Gear Solid 4 team on the title .
Lucky for you , PlayStation LifeStyle , has the official E3 unveiling of the title !
The trailer is about 4 minutes long , as it gives a good perspective on the game ’s story and time period .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj4KXZSfuLs[/youtube]
Apple has finally approved the gorgeous - looking e-book reader , Eucalyptus , for the iTunes App Store .
The application was previously banned for pornographic reasons : not because it contained objectionable material but because it could be used to download the Kama Sutra , an ancient text which acts as a manual for living a good and full life .
Whoever was on Approval Duty at Apple that day obviously saw the name " Kama Sutra " in the list of downloadable books and had such a knee - jerk reaction that they likely smashed in their own teeth , believing that the book is some kind of sex manual ( it is n't , although it does contain some sex advice – take a look at an issue of Cosmopolitan if you want some real , juicy sex talk ) .
After the now familiar fuss , accompanied by blog posts and Twitter tweets , Apple has relented and allowed Eucalyptus into its inner sanctum of taste .
Eucalyptus costs $ 10 and has access to around 20,000 Project Gutenberg texts .
As we said , it looks gorgeous , with proper hyphenation , a hand - rolled typesetting algorithm and a rather lovely page - turning animation ( there 's a video on the website ) .
The problem is that you can't add your own books :
It 's all public domain , which often , although not always , means old .
In other news , Apple issues official statement of outrage at the " filthy " Lady Chatterley 's Lover .
Product page [ Things Made Out of Other Things ]
Product page [ iTunes ]
See Also :
E-Reader iPhone App Rejected Because Users Can Download Kama Sutra
They say itz a sound only we can hear .
IDK .
I do n't hear anything , Karl .
Do u ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
If you 're one of our many ( five ) readers outside the advertising industry , all you really need to know to enjoy this comic like a pro is that there 's a book called Hey Whipple , Squeeze
This , revered by copywriters and art directors alike .
Bound in human flesh and inked in blood , it contains rituals for the worship and summoning of dread Cthulhu .
Or something .
I really should check it out one of these days .
Ph'nglui mglw ' nafh C'thulhu R'lyeh wgah 'nagl fhtagn !
Movies Jamie will never , ever watch
Anything black and white
Anything with subtitles
Anything old enough to vote
Anything where people sing and dance
Anything with kung fu
Anything sad *
Anything likely to be nominated for an Independent Spirit Award
Anything that does n't end exactly the way anyone who 's ever seen a movie knows it will end after watching 30 seconds of the trailer
* Other than Marley & Me . It was his Grave of the Fireflies .
- Graham
Just noticed this and it is awesome
Looking at the comic again , I suddenly realized it 's possible to interpret the third panel as my sudden apotheosis , as evidenced by my radiant halo and Lori 's reference to me as God .
I do n't even need to retcon the strip , as Jamie 's clearly had this in mind since 2005 .
Words & Pictures Sigg Water Bottle - 1.0L BPA - free water bottle from SIGG .
Made from a single piece of aluminum , it 's ultra - lightweight yet rugged and crack - resistant .
$ 29.50 ( CAD )
BUY NOW
Availability : In Stock .
Product Number : 384639145
Disqus
A mountain is reflected in a bay that used to be covered by the Sheldon glacier on the Antarctic peninsula , January 14 , 2009 .
The glacier has shrunk by about 2 km since 1989 , probably because of global warming .
Picture taken January 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alister Doyle
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Global warming ’s effects this century could be twice as extreme as estimated just six years ago , scientists reported on Tuesday .
Earth ’s median surface temperature could rise 9.3 degrees F ( 5.2 degrees C ) by 2100 , the scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found , compared to a 2003 study that projected a median temperature increase of 4.3 degrees F ( 2.4 degrees C ) .
The new study , published in the American Meteorological Society ’s Journal of Climate , said the difference in projection was due to improved economic modeling and newer economic data than in previous scenarios .
Earlier climate warming may also have been masked by the global cooling effect of 20th - century volcanoes and by the emission of soot , which can add to warming , the scientists said in a statement .
To reach their conclusions , the MIT team used computer simulations that took world economic activity as well as climate processes into account , they said in a statement .
These projections indicate that “ without rapid and massive action , ” this dramatic warming will take place this century , the statement said .
The outcome looks much worse if nothing is done to combat climate change , compared to earlier projections .
But there is less change if strong policies are put in place now to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
Without action , said study co-author Ronald Prinn , “ there is significantly more risk than we previously estimated .
This increases the urgency for significant policy action . ”
The study was released as U.S. President Barack Obama announced a plan to set national emissions standards for cars and trucks to cut climate - warming pollution and as a bill to institute a cap - and - trade system to curb greenhouse gases was debated in the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
[ h/t to Heather . ]
On Countdown , Keith Olbermann talked about the power of words and why Bill O'Reilly and the Fox News Channel are at least partially responsible for the assassination of Dr. George Tiller .
As his guest , he had author Frank Schaeffer , who wrote " Crazy for God " about his years in the religious right .
Yesterday , Schaeffer wrote a heartfelt apology apology at Huffington Post for his part in forming the anti-abortion movement .
Keith contrasted his apology with the response by Bill O'Reilly , in which Billo blamed - well , just about everyone but himself and Fox News .
Keith spoke thoughtfully about hate speech and how it influences people , then posed this question :
So , what to do ?
Viewer boycotts mean little .
You are already here .
You are not watching Fox News channel .
Advertiser boycotts are of limited value , most make barely a dent in a company .
Besides which , in this economy , an advertiser who found its sales boosted by association with malaria would start breeding mosquitoes .
If there is a solution , it is perhaps an indirect boycott .
It is probably your experience , as it has been mine that stores , bars , restaurants , waiting rooms , often show Fox News on their televisions .
Do n't write a letter .
Do n't make a threat .
Just get up and explain if they will not change the channel , leave the place and say calmly why it is you are taking your business elsewhere .
If you know a viewer of that channel , show them this tape , or just the tape of the attacks on Dr. Tiller that set the stage for his assassination .
Fox News channel will never restrain itself from incitement to murder and terrorism .
Not until its profits begin to decline , when its growth stops .
So , not so much a boycott here as a quarantine , because this has got to stop .
I 'd like to add that I already do this , and it really does have an impact .
After all , businesses are n't going to anger the few customers they have left .
Elu président du Conseil français du culte musulman ( CFCM ) il y a tout juste un an en remplacement de Dalil Boubakeur , Mohammed Moussaoui , universitaire et imam d'origine marocaine installé à Avignon , est à la tête d'une institution plus symbolique que réellement représentative et opérationnelle .
Voulue en 2003 par Nicolas Sarkozy , alors ministre de l'intérieur , la création du CFCM visait à organiser le culte musulman et à favoriser l'émergence d'un islam de France " modéré " , adapté à la société française .
Depuis six ans , la diversité des fédérations , – d'origine maghrébine , turque ou africaine – , qui le compose a souvent paralysé son fonctionnement .
Les tiraillements entre ses trois principales composantes , la Fédération nationale de la Mosquée de Paris , tenue par M.Boubakeur , et proche de l'Algérie , l'Union des organisations islamiques de France ( UOIF ) , porteuse d'un islam revendicatif , et le Rassemblement des musulmans de France ( RMF ) , dont est issu M.Moussaoui , proche du Maroc , ont pris le pas sur la gestion des dossiers les plus lourds : la mise en œuvre d'une Fondation destinée au financement de l'islam et la formation des imams , notamment .
Mais cette institutionnalisation de l'islam , aussi controversée soit - elle , a contribué à l'inscription de la deuxième religion de France dans le paysage avec la création de nombreuses mosquées et , surtout , la participation de ses représentants à la vie religieuse et politique du pays .
Dans le débat , sensible , sur le port de la burqa et du niqab , qui vient de s'ouvrir et devrait se poursuivre au cours des prochains mois , le CFCM devrait tenir une position " anti- burqa " qui ne fait pas l'unanimité chez les musulmans .
Cela pourrait l'éloigner encore un peu plus des courants rigoristes , type salafiste ou tablighi concernés au premier chef par le port du voile intégral , et qui ne se reconnaissent guère dans cette institution .
Cette position pourrait aussi le couper davantage d'une frange de jeunes musulmans , enclins à voir dans le débat sur le voile intégral une " nouvelle discrimination " à l'égard de l'islam .
S'ils s'y sont conformés , la plupart des musulmans persistent en effet à considérer la loi de 2004 sur le port du voile à l'école comme une atteinte à la liberté de la femme musulmane .
La mission d'information parlementaire sur le port de la burqa et du niqab en France doit se mettre en place la semaine prochaine et devrait remettre des recommandations d'ici à six mois .
Le Conseil français du culte musulman sera sollicité sur la question .
Quelle sera sa position ?
Je veux d'abord rappeler qu'aucun texte coranique ne prescrit le port de la burqa ou du niqab , qui reste en France un phénomène marginal .
L'ensemble des membres du bureau du CFCM sont d'accord sur ce point .
Il est à rappeler qu'en 2004 , lors des discussions autour de la loi sur le voile à l'école , le conseil d'administration , après des mois de débats , avait déclaré que seul le port du foulard était une prescription religieuse , tout en veillant au respect des lois républicaines .
Le CFCM ne demandera pas à la société française d'accepter la burqa , mais soutiendra un travail de pédagogie et de dialogue afin de convaincre ces femmes de rejoindre la pratique de l'islam de la modération et du juste milieu –celle de l'immense majorité des musulmans de France – , et d'abandonner cette tenue , symbole d'une pratique qui peut contribuer à stigmatiser l'islam en France .
Le CFCM refuse également que le débat sur la burqa serve une nouvelle fois ceux qui stigmatisent les musulmans de France et qu'il remette en cause le port du voile .
Cette question a déjà fait l'objet d'une loi dont les domaines d'application sont bien définis [ la loi du 15 mars 2004 interdit le port du voile dans les établissements scolaires ] .
Le CFCM réfute l'accusation selon laquelle l'islam remettrait en cause le principe de la laïcité .
Le discours très ferme du président de la République à Versailles , estimant que " la burqa n'est pas la bienvenue " en France , amène certains observateurs à penser qu'une interdiction n'est pas exclue .
Qu'en pensez -vous ?
Une interdiction serait contre - productive et difficile à appliquer .
Va -t - on arrêter les femmes qui portent la burqua dans la rue et les obliger à l'enlever ?
Cela conduira la plupart d'entre elles à rester recluses chez elles .
La pédagogie et le dialogue sont , dans ce domaine , beaucoup plus efficaces que la contrainte .
Une solution imposée pourrait être perçue et ressentie , malgré toutes les précautions , comme une nouvelle discrimination contre les musulmans de France .
Pourquoi l'islam de France ne s'est - il pas saisi de ce phénomène , qui n'est pas totalement nouveau et qui dénote une radicalisation d'une frange des musulmans en France ?
Dans les mosquées , les imams ont toujours mis en garde les musulmans contre toute radicalisation ou extrémisme que ce soit au niveau de la pratique ou du comportement .
Les femmes musulmanes font également un travail de sensibilisation sur cette question .
Notre devoir est de rappeler que cette voie minoritaire n'est pas celle adoptée par l'immense majorité des savants musulmans et insister sur le fait que l'islam du juste milieu n'encourage en rien cette pratique .
Quant à la radicalisation , elle participe de la mondialisation et de ses effets pervers à travers des références , sur internet notamment , qui ne prônent pas toujours les valeurs de la tolérance et d'ouverture .
L'islam institutionnel semble un peu démuni par rapport à ces évolutions …
Peut - il se faire aider par des voix fortes venues des pays d'origine ?
Quand les imams de France promeuvent l'islam du juste milieu , cela ne peut que porter ses fruits et cantonner ce phénomène marginal .
Il faut rester confiant sur les valeurs qui animent et unissent les musulmans de France .
Le CFCM prépare pour la fin de l'année un colloque d'imams qui , outre des questions purement religieuses , pourrait faire le point sur ces pratiques minoritaires .
Cela devrait aussi être l'occasion d'annoncer la création d'une Conférence nationale des imams .
Quant à envisager un recours à l'étranger , l'islam de France doit être émancipé .
Notre action vise à concilier le contexte français avec les spécificités du culte musulman .
La sagesse doit l'emporter sur toute instrumentalisation du débat .
Propos recueillis par Stéphanie Le Bars
Technology.am ( May 12 , 2009 ) — Stanford researchers have discovered a hydrogen - rich compound that may help to overcome the hurdles to using hydrogen for fuel .
The new material is a high - pressure form of ammonia borane , a solid material which itself is already imbued with ample hydrogen .
By working with the parent material at high pressure in an atmosphere artificially enriched with hydrogen , the scientists were able to ratchet up the hydrogen content of the material by roughly 50 percent .
“ Including the hydrogen already stored in ammonia borane , this new material can store around 30 weight percent in total , ” said Yu Lin , lead author in the online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The Department of Energy has set a target for hydrogen - powered vehicles of having an on - board storage system able to store 9 percent , by weight , of hydrogen in 2015 .
The new compound , called ammonia borane - hydrogen , contains more than triple that amount .
The process Lin used to get the added hydrogen into the ammonia borane has to take place at a minimum pressure that is approximately 60,000 times the usual pressure at the surface of the Earth .
“ For energy applications , we need to stabilize the material near ambient conditions , ” said Lin.
Currently , most hydrogen - powered machines use either compressed hydrogen gas or liquid hydrogen , which needs to be maintained at high pressure or very low temperature , respectively , relative to ambient temperature and pressure .
These methods have associated safety concerns in the case of compressed hydrogen and require significant energy for cooling in the case of liquid hydrogen .
There is currently no material that satisfies all of the requirements for on - board fuel storage for hydrogen - powered vehicles , according to Lin .
“ If the material can be stabilized at or near ambient conditions with a large amount of hydrogen content , then I think it will be very promising , ” Lin said .
There are potentially several ways to help stabilize the compound under normal temperature and pressure conditions .
One idea is that there might be some “ alternative chemical paths , like adding some catalyst to try to stabilize the system , ” Lin said .
If they succeed , ammonia borane could move one step closer to becoming an everyday storage material for hydrogen .
And their success would also fulfill the scientists ’ dream of powering cars with oxygen from the air and hydrogen from the fuel cell , while pumping out only water from the exhaust pipe .
Whether to screen men for prostate cancer has been a controversial topic for at least 20 years .
Many clinicians have believed that finding a tumor early and cutting it out is the best possible way to treat prostate cancer , just as it is for most tumors .
Critics of the screening have argued that many prostate tumors grow so slowly that the patient is likely to die of other causes before the tumor becomes a threat .
They contend that early treatment can cause more damage than leaving the tumor alone .
Now , two major and long - awaited studies show that screening men for prostate cancer provides little or no benefit in saving lives and can lead to painful , debilitating and expensive medical treatments without any obvious benefit .
The newest findings , released Wednesday , would seem to support the stance of the critics .
But doctors -- and patients -- are cautious .
And though the new results may seem definitive , experts say they ’re still not clear - cut enough to recommend against screening for prostate cancer .
As such , the decision to screen is likely to remain one made by doctor and patient , with both unsure whether or not the test is prudent or risky .
Advertisement
The first report , on an American study of 76,000 men , found no survival benefit from screening .
The second report , on a European study of 162,000 men , found a 20 % reduction in deaths -- which was only barely significant statistically because of the small number of deaths on which it was based .
Both reports were published online in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Even with the reduction found in the European trial , it was necessary to screen 1,400 men and treat 48 cancer cases to save one life .
“ What the European study tells us is that , if you are a man who chooses screening , you are 47 times more likely to be harmed . . . than to have your life saved , ” said Dr. Otis W. Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society .
In contrast , only 11 women with breast cancer must be treated to save two lives , he said , and the treatment ’s side effects are much less severe .
Men suffer long - term impotence and urinary incontinence , while women can get reconstructive surgery and suffer fewer permanent effects .
Advertisement
“ If a man is really worried about prostate cancer , he should take that statistic under advisement and decide to get screened , ” Brawley said .
“ If he is not worried , he should decide to avoid screening . ”
The bottom line is that the studies “ are not necessarily going to change practice much in the United States , ” said Dr. Howard Sandler of Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , a spokesman for the American Society of Clinical Oncology .
The papers “ do n’t tell patients anything different from what we have been telling them , ” which is do it only if you are very concerned , added biostatistician Ruth Etzioni of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle .
“ When you have a large controlled trial like these , it is usually the final word . . . conclusive .
These are very unsatisfying . ”
Men more likely to seriously consider screening would be African American men or those with a family history of prostate cancer , two groups who face a higher risk of the disease .
About 186,000 American men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer this year , and an estimated 28,660 will die from it , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Advertisement
Screening for the disease usually involves a prostate - specific antigen , or PSA , blood test and a digital rectal exam , in which a physician manually feels the prostate for any abnormalities .
In the United States , a normal level of PSA is considered to be 4 .
Higher levels generally indicate the presence of a tumor , and rising levels indicate an aggressive tumor .
Since 1992 , five years after the PSA test was introduced , U.S. death rates from prostate cancer have declined about 4 % per year .
Some attribute the decline to the test , while others say it is due to better treatment regimens .
No group currently recommends routine screening .
Both the American Cancer Society and the American Urological Assn. recommend that men 50 years and older simply be offered the option of an annual test if they have a life expectancy of more than 10 years .
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , established by Congress to make recommendations about preventive care , issued guidelines last fall stating that men older than 75 should not be given the test .
The group said there was not enough evidence of efficacy to produce guidelines for younger men .
Advertisement
The two studies released Wednesday in the journal and at the Stockholm meeting of the European Assn. of Urology were designed to give a definitive answer about the value of such screening .
Both are interim reports , and researchers will continue to follow the subjects for several more years in hopes of producing a more definitive conclusion -- that is , results with less of a discrepancy .
The seven to 10 years that patients have been followed “ is not long enough , ” Sandler said .
“ We know prostate cancer has a long natural history and that deaths can take 15 to 20 years after diagnosis . ”
But even if the studies were to be extended by an additional five years , they are not going to produce “ a stunning result , ” Etzioni said , because the studies are unlikely to show the dramatic lowering in death rate that researchers had hoped for .
The teams promise more papers in which they will analyze the treatments and the quality of life for those who undergo therapy .
Those results are likely to be more informative and “ will color which way I would lean very heavily , ” said Dr. Glen Justice , director of MemorialCare Cancer Center at Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center in Fountain Valley .
Advertisement
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
There will be a lot to say in the coming days about the twisted tale of Blue Dog Democrat Jane Harman , wiretaps , quid - pro-quo and blackmail , but let 's look at a quick overview of what we know so far .
Rep. Jane Harman , the California Democrat with a longtime involvement in intelligence issues , was overheard on an NSA wiretap telling a suspected Israeli agent that she would lobby the Justice Department to reduce espionage - related charges against two officials of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee , the most powerful pro-Israel organization in Washington . [...]
In exchange for Harman ’s help , the sources said , the suspected Israeli agent pledged to help lobby Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , then - House minority leader , to appoint Harman chair of the Intelligence Committee after the 2006 elections , which the Democrats were heavily favored to win .
And when an investigation into these allegations was dropped , a " lack of evidence " was cited .
But today 's report tells a different story :
Then - CIA Director Porter J. Goss reviewed the Harman transcript and signed off on the Justice Department ’s FISA application .
He also decided that , under a protocol involving the separation of powers , it was time to notify then - House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert , R - Ill. , and Minority Leader Pelosi , of the FBI ’s impending national security investigation of a member of Congress — to wit , Harman .
But that ’s when , according to knowledgeable officials , Attorney General Gonzales intervened .
According to two officials privy to the events , Gonzales said he “ needed Jane ” to help support the administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program , which was about to be exposed by the New York Times . [...]
And thanks to grateful Bush administration officials , the investigation of Harman was effectively dead .
So what we have is Blue Dog Harman willing to use her influence for personal gain , and when she was caught , willingly becoming a shill for the Bush administration 's illegal , warrantless wiretaps .
In other words , she submitted to blackmail to save her own neck .
And what 's worse :
Harman , he told Goss , had helped persuade the newspaper to hold the wiretap story before , on the eve of the 2004 elections .
She helped sell out the country .
For more discussion , see calchala 's diary here .
May 22 , 2009
IF YOU ask Sean Hannity or Glenn Beck , Americans put a socialist into the White House when they elected Barack Obama president last November .
Obama denies his secret socialistic leanings , and there 's good reason to believe him -- in the past few weeks , he and his administration have supported the use of unaccountable military tribunals in the " war on terror , " opposed prosecution of the Bush administration torturers , celebrated the insurance industry 's eager participation in a suspect proposal for health care " reform " -- and , of course , continued to hand untold hundreds of billions to the country 's biggest banks .
Not exactly a radical .
But the right 's hyperventilating about socialism does raise the question :
Are elections the way to win a socialist society ?
After all , it seems like an easier and more peaceful task to vote socialism into office than to organize a mass revolutionary struggle .
So can we vote socialism into power ?
THE FIRST objection , at least in the U.S. , is that people would never go for it , even if it were possible .
Maybe they 'd vote for the socialists in France and Sweden , but not in conservative America , where we 're all rugged individualists who work hard to make it on our own .
On the other hand , a recent Rasmussen poll found that just 53 percent of American adults believed capitalism was better than socialism -- and those under 30 years old were evenly divided on whether they preferred capitalism or socialism or were n't sure .
And the fact is that socialist and radical ideas have been widely popular at various points in U.S. history .
In the first part of the century , Eugene Debs campaigned for president under the banner of socialism five times .
In 1920 , he ran from prison where he was jailed for his opposition to the First World War , and won almost a million votes .
As Debs traveled around the country on a campaign train , known as the Red Special , thousands gathered to hear him speak .
At his kickoff meeting at New York City 's Madison Square Garden in 1912 , he spoke to a sold - out crowd who gave him a 29 - minute standing ovation .
In his speeches , Debs shifted the debate away from everyday election themes and used the platform to enumerate the ills of capitalism -- and how both the Democratic and Republican Parties backed up the system and workers ' role in transforming society .
He said in 1912 :
The Socialist Party is the only party in this campaign that stands against the present system and for the rule of the people ; the only party that boldly avows itself the party of the working class and its purpose the overthrow of wage - slavery .
So long as the present system of capitalism prevails and the few are allowed to own the nation 's industries , the toiling masses will be struggling in the hell of poverty as they are today .
To tell them that juggling with the tariff will change this beastly and disgraceful condition is to insult their intelligence .
The professional politicians who have been harping upon this string since infant industries have become giant monopolies know better .
Their stock in trade is the credulity of the masses .
Socialist ideas got a wider hearing in the context of increased class struggle .
In the biggest labor struggles of the 19th and 20th century -- the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 , Pullman in 1894 , the Lawrence textile strike in 1912 , the sit - down strikes of the 1930s -- the greed of the U.S. ruling class was laid out for everyone to see , as workers took on police and company thugs .
Under these kinds of conditions , it 's easy to see the possibilities for a political party that represented working people .
But there is a further question here about the U.S. political system :
Even if he or she were popular , how far would a socialist candidate get ?
Featured at Socialism Hear Elizabeth Schulte at Socialism 2009 in Chicago , speaking on " How Eugene Debs Became a Socialist . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
The way elections are conducted in this country , the Democrats and Republicans have an iron grip over the process ; rules and regulations make it next to impossible for independent candidates to take part in debates and even get on ballots ; and billions of corporate dollars are funneled into the campaigns .
These facts expose the truth about the " world 's largest democracy " -- that the candidate with the backing of Corporate America usually wins .
IT WOULD be a welcome development if there were viable left - wing candidates that could break the Democratic / Republican stranglehold over elections .
If a candidate could shed light on the crimes of capitalism and make working - class demands a part of the election debate , that would have the potential of strengthening the class struggle .
But if they were somehow to get elected , would that be socialism ?
This raises a more fundamental question about what socialism is .
One conception of socialism centers on electing representatives who will legislate gradual reforms to the system -- more social programs to benefit workers and the poor , and state control over privately controlled industries .
But another socialist tradition that runs back to Karl Marx and Frederick Engels has always insisted on socialism from below -- where the aim is a completely different society in which workers are n't handed reforms from above , but make their own decisions about how society is run .
Under this socialism , workers will decide not just on pieces of legislation , but all the other decisions that go into how society is organized -- decisions about the economy , what natural resources are used for , how communities function and more .
Workers can't get this kind of power in society simply through a vote -- because elections only affect a part of the overall system of capitalism .
Obviously , political leaders like Barack Obama have all kinds of power to affect social change , but there are decisions about how society is run--many of them made in corporate boardrooms , for example -- that are beyond their power to influence , even if they wanted to .
If socialism is to be a society based on solidarity and freedom that meets the needs of every person in it , then the working class needs to have collective democratic control over all these areas of society .
So winning socialism is n't just about winning political power .
It 's about winning economic power , and that means workers have to assert their control in factories , offices and workplaces .
This is n't to say that reform measures which are socialistic in character can't be fought for and won through the present government system -- for instance , single - payer health care or unemployment insurance .
Such measures are important in and of themselves , and they in turn give people confidence to make further demands .
But at the same time , these reforms can only go so far .
And ultimately , if they come in conflict with the ruling class ' ability to make profits , they can be taken away .
In the early part of the last century , socialists around the world fiercely debated how to achieve socialism .
Among them were those who proclaimed that they were following in the footsteps of Marx and Engels , but who in fact turned Marxist ideas on their heads .
The German socialist Eduard Bernstein , for example , argued that capitalism had developed to the point that it could overcome class contradictions , and that a benevolent state could be achieved by electing socialists to parliament and enacting reforms from above .
The Polish revolutionary Rosa Luxemburg pointed out the futility of Bernstein 's schemes , comparing him to the French utopian Charles Fourier :
Fourier 's scheme of changing , by means of a system of phalansteries , the water of all the seas into tasty lemonade was surely a fantastic idea .
But Bernstein , proposing to change the sea of capitalist bitterness into a sea of socialist sweetness , by progressively pouring into it bottles of social reformist lemonade , presents an idea that is merely more insipid but no less fantastic .
In fact , the socialists who followed Bernstein 's ideas ended up setting aside workers ' interests internationally .
When the First World War began in 1914 , a majority of the socialist parties , then committed to the idea of electing socialism into power , fell in line in support of their national ruling classes , and supported the war .
ELECTIONS AREN'T simply a more gradual or practical way of getting to socialism .
They can't get you to the same place .
So when Russian workers put Marx 's ideas into practice and organized the first successful workers ' revolution in 1917 , they swept away the old government and created a new one , based on democracy from the bottom up .
The new workers ' state drew its representatives from a system of workers ' councils that grew out of individual workplaces .
Delegates from these factory councils came together locally to make decisions , the local councils sent representatives to regional councils , and so on .
Representatives in this workers ' council system were n't elected every two or four years .
They were immediately recallable by those who voted for them -- and therefore , they were held accountable to the mass of workers who were in constant discussion and mobilization over the political questions of the day .
This model of socialism -- which has been repeated in various forms in workers ' rebellions since the Russian Revolution -- is democratic in a much more profound way than the system we live under today .
It gives the working class as a whole a genuine say in how society is to be run .
And it puts in their hands the power to make decisions about every realm of society -- the economic as well as the political .
Ultimately , workers have to take power -- what Marx called the " self - emancipation of the working class " -- because our current rulers wo n't simply hand it over .
And the process of revolution itself is crucial to making socialism .
Through the struggle , workers teach one another about how to organize a new society -- and challenge the rotten ideas , like racism , sexism and homophobia , that propped up the old society .
As Marx and Engels wrote :
Both for the production on a mass scale of this communist consciousness , and for the success of the cause itself , the alteration of men on a mass scale is necessary , an alteration which can only take place in a practical movement , a revolution ; this revolution is necessary , therefore , not only because the ruling class cannot be overthrown in any other way , but also because the class overthrowing it can only in a revolution succeed in ridding itself of all the muck of ages and become fitted to found society anew .
The most important lesson workers learn in revolutionary situations is that they can run society .
This stands in stark contradiction to what we 're taught -- that the important decisions about society have to be left to " experts . "
Workers ' struggles of the past provide glimpses of what happens when this leave - it - to - the - experts " wisdom " is put into question -- and those who used to take orders are now in the position to give them .
In her book Rising of the Women , Meredith Tax recalls a scene from the 1912 Lawrence textile strike , in which women workers from 25 nationalities came together to take on the bosses .
She describes a group of Italian women strikers meeting a cop alone on a bridge -- and taking away his club , star , gun and almost his pants , before they tossed him into the water .
It 's probably safe to assume this would n't have happened before they decided to strike .
Workers seizing power in their own interests is the only basis upon which real socialism can be won .
As Debs told a New York audience in 1905 :
Marilyn Manson , 40 , was born Brian Warner in Ohio .
In 1989 he formed the band Marilyn Manson And The Spooky Kids .
His lyrics and lifestyle have attracted a cult following and led to him being banned from performing in some US states .
His new album , The High End Of Low , is out now .
When were you happiest ?
About 15 minutes ago : I 'm on medication and it 's starting to wear off .
What is your greatest fear ?
Fear is something I instil in other people , mostly young girls .
What is your earliest memory ?
When I was seven or eight , I was playing with my Scooby - Doo and Daphne toys , and had a strange feeling .
It was my first sexual arousal .
Now I feel that all girls with red hair are of the devil .
What is the trait you most deplore in yourself ?
My shyness .
What is the trait you most deplore in others ?
Fear of commitment .
Other than a property , what 's the most expensive thing you 've bought ?
An engagement ring for Dita Von Teese .
I did n't get a refund .
What is your most treasured possession ?
Either Hitler 's coat hanger or my bedroom walls , because I 've written all my lyrics on them .
What makes you unhappy ?
Not being in control of my life .
What do you most dislike about your appearance ?
That it causes so many girls to cry .
What is your favourite smell ?
Cocaine .
What is your favourite word ?
" Etcetera . "
What do you owe your parents ?
I support my parents , so I think I owe them only an apology for being me .
What is your most unappealing habit ?
Being very affectionate and attached to people , and not having enough time to spend with them .
What is your favourite book ?
The Bible , because it causes me a lot of trouble .
I memorised it as a child , and I 've also burned it and stuck pages of it in terrible places .
What or who is the greatest love of your life ?
Unfortunately , what has been the downfall of all relationships is that the love of my life is what I do .
What has been your biggest disappointment ?
My last three relationships .
If you could edit your past , what would you change ?
My underwear .
When did you last cry ?
I shed a tear snorting a mysterious white powder someone gave me .
How do you relax ?
Lying in bed with my cat on my chest and watching movies .
What is the closest you 've come to death ?
I 've never had necrophilia .
What single thing would improve the quality of your life ?
A brain transplant .
What do you consider your greatest achievement ?
I wish I could say record sales or awards but , since I 've been blamed - unjustly - for so many acts of violence in high schools , I 'm going to have to go with the death toll .
What keeps you awake at night ?
The fear that someone next to me is judging me while I 'm sleeping .
How would you like to be remembered ?
As long as I am remembered , that 's sufficient for me .
What is the most important lesson life has taught you ?
Never go ass to mouth .
June 25 , 2009  -- Farrah Fawcett , the 1970s " It Girl " who was known for her cascading golden hair and bombshell body , died in a Santa Monica hospital today , ABC News has learned .
She was 62 - years - old .
" After a long and brave battle with cancer , our beloved Farrah has passed away , " Fawcett 's longtime romantic partner Ryan O'Neal said in a statement released by Fawcett 's publicist , Paul Bloch .
" Although this is an extremely difficult time for her family and friends , we take comfort in the beautiful times that we shared with Farrah over the years and the knowledge that her life brought joy to so many people around the world . "
Watch a special edition of " 20/20 " TONIGHT at 10 p.m. ET for the Barbara Walters special " Farrah 's Love . "
Fawcett became a symbol of the will to survive through her years - long battle with cancer , which was chronicled in the recent TV documentary " Farrah 's Story . "
Her death comes on the heels of O'Neal 's declaration that she agreed to marry him .
" I 've asked her to marry me , again , and she 's agreed , " O'Neal , 68 , told Barbara Walters who sat down with O'Neal and others close to Fawcett in the final days of the actress ' life .
Fawcett and O'Neal began dating in 1980 and lived together with son Redmond .
The two never officially tied the knot , but not for O'Neal 's lack of trying .
" I used to ask her to marry me all the time , " he said .
" But ... it just got to be a joke , you know .
We just joked about it . "
Now , Fawcett leaves behind O'Neal , their 24 - year - old son and her father , James .
She was previously married to Lee Majors , star of " The Six Million Dollar Man , " from 1973 to 1982 .
Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 .
Although doctors declared her free of cancer in February 2007 , a few months later they learned that the cancer had returned .
Fawcett 's alternative approach to her cancer treatment was surrounded by much controversy .
After her initial diagnosis , Fawcett received traditional treatments in California .
According to People.com , Fawcett was " disheartened " by both the reoccurrence of the cancer and the treatment she was receiving in the United States , so she traveled to Germany 's University Clinic in Frankfurt in search of an alternative course of treatment .
Some reports have said that she received experimental stem cell treatment while in Germany .
But Craig Nevius , who helped produce " Farrah 's Story , " told ABCNews.com that while details of the stem cell treatment have been widely reported , it has never been confirmed by the actress or sources close to her .
Last year , an employee at the UCLA Medical Center was disciplined for accessing Fawcett 's medical records , a few weeks after the hospital announced that several employees had been fired for snooping in Britney Spears ' records .
Fawcett 's attorney told The Associated Press that an employee at the hospital reviewed the actress ' medical records without authorization and then details about her treatment appeared in the tabloid the National Enquirer .
Though Fawcett returned home earlier this year , taking a break from long hospital stays , according to People magazine , the actress returned to the hospital for at least two weeks prior to her death .
Farrah Fawcett 's Life in the Limelight
Fawcett first stepped into the spotlight playing Jill Munroe in the TV series " Charlie 's Angels " in the 1970s .
The series became a smash hit and Fawcett quickly became an iconic pin-up model for millions of men .
She pioneered a feathered hairstyle dubbed the " Farrah Do " or " Farrah Hair " that remained in vogue throughout the decade .
She later went on to earn one of three career Emmy Award nominations for her role as a battered wife in the acclaimed television movie " The Burning Bed . "
Fawcett stirred controversy when she posed nude in the December 1995 issue of Playboy , but buzz about the actress baring all only served to make the magazine fly off newsstands -- the issue was Playboy 's most successful of the 1990s , with over 4 million copies sold worldwide .
Defying naysayers , in 1997 , at age 50 , Fawcett posed again for the July issue of Playboy , which also sold well .
Fawcett 's last project was closely tied to her illness .
" Farrah 's Story , " the 90 - minute documentary chronicling her battle with cancer , featured footage shot by Fawcett and her friends on a home video camera .
It aired on NBC in May , attracting 8.9 million viewers .
The film showed both the ugly and uplifting sides of her struggle , juxtaposing video of Fawcett vomiting and shaving her head with scenes of her dancing with friends during times when her health was up .
" Farrah 's Story " also featured moving footage of her lying on a hospital bed with O'Neal , and his solemn vow , spoken to the camera : " I will never love anyone like I love Farrah . "
Close up of a stem cell
Hundreds of thousands of infertile women could be given hope of becoming mothers after doctors discovered a way to create eggs using stem cells .
Researchers believe that they can produce new eggs in infertile women even if the ovaries are damaged or the woman has passed the usual age of conception .
The technique involves transplanting stem cells into the ovaries and could work on the one in 10 women who suffer from infertility as well as those who want children late in life .
Until recently it was assumed that a woman was born with a finite lifetime store of around two million egg - producing follicles and no more could be produced .
By puberty this number has already fallen to about 400,000 , and at the menopause too few eggs remain to permit fertility .
But four years ago scientists in the USA showed it was possible to obtain stem cells from the ovaries of adult women that could be grown into mature egg cells .
Stem cells are “ master cells ” which can be manipulated in a laboratory to become any other cell in the body .
This work adds to the growing evidence that ovaries maintain an ability to manufacture new eggs long after birth .
Stem cell - derived eggs could in theory be used to delay the natural menopause , or provide new hope to female cancer patients made infertile by their treatment .
The new research was conducted by a team of Chinese scientists led by Dr Ji Wu , from Jiao Tong University in Shanghai , who isolated a small number of female germline stem cells ( FGSCs ) from the ovaries of adult mice .
The cells were grown in a laboratory for more than six months and given a green fluorescent jellyfish protein to act as a marker .
After they were transplanted into infertile mice , the stem cells developed into mature oocytes , or eggs , capable of being fertilised .
Eventually the mice gave birth to offspring carrying the fluorescent protein gene .
Dr Wu said he believed that the system would work in humans as we share the same “ female germline stem cells ” .
“ These cells can be used to extend female reproductive lifespan , ” he said .
“ The generation of new oocytes ( eggs ) could postpone normal or premature ovarian failure , or be used in the treatment of infertility . ”
The scientists , who published their findings in the journal Nature Cell Biology , said the work was also crucial to anti-ageing and regenerative medicine .
Professor Robin Lovell - Badge , from the Medical Research Council National Institute for Medical Research , said : “ The present paper describes a new set of data … suggesting that there is a small population of cells ( referred to as FGSCs ) persisting in the ovaries of mice from birth to adulthood that can be isolated , grown in culture , frozen and thawed if required , returned to ovaries of other mice that have been depleted of their own eggs , and then give rise to offspring after mating to normal male mice .
“ If true , and especially if applicable also to humans , then this is very important .
For example , it could provide a means to restore fertility to women who have few eggs or who have had to undergo cancer treatments , by isolating these cells , expanding their number in culture and keeping them frozen until needed for IVF , etc . ”
Professor Azim Surani , from Cambridge University ’s Gurdon Institute , said : “ Sperm are produced continuously in men but the number of eggs in women is fixed at birth .
“ This new study in mice now suggests that there are also stem cells present in ovaries that can be cultured in a dish , which upon transfer to ovaries can develop into viable eggs and give rise to offspring .
“ This finding , if confirmed independently , could advance understanding of these ovarian stem cells and advance research on female infertility . ”
Via Telegraph.co.uk
" My wife thinks I 'm going to be famous now and I am heading off to Hollywood .
I do n't think I 've changed but she thinks I have .
Because of this , we have separated after 14 years of marriage , so I am back to being single . "
Three Things the Palm Pre Does Better Than the iPhone 3GS
Palm 's innovations in multitasking , web service integration and interface design are paving the way for an even brighter future for smartphones
The date seemed to be going well until the 37 - year - old man and the woman he met online went to an Anaheim hotel .
That 's where she allegedly demanded a check in exchange for sex .
When the man -- identified in court papers as John Doe -- refused , she began yelling that she had been raped and left the hotel , according to police .
The woman , 28 - year - old Susanna Maria Coetzee , was charged Wednesday with attempting to extort $ 15,000 and filing a false rape report .
Investigators said the two met on SeekingArrangment.com .
Police said Coetzee was " begining to have consensual sex " with the man at the hotel April 2 when she pulled away and asked for a check .
Hotel security investigated after Coetzee left the hotel and reported the case to Anaheim police .
Coetzee also filed a report with Anaheim police .
She claimed the man raped her and struck her on the head with the handset of a phone , according to the report .
Two weeks later , Coetzee sent " several dozen " text messages to the man in an attempt to extort $ 15,000 , police said .
In exchange , she told the man she would drop the allegations against him , police said .
Coetzee was arrested Tuesday when she arrived to exchange a letter that cleared the man in exchange for $ 5,000 in cash , police said .
Coetzee faces a maximum penalty of three years in state prison .
She was being held wihtout bail on a probation violation , police said .
A :
Hi Fenasi , Thanks for the nice pair of related questions .
The main answer is that the simple principle of " electrical currents follow the path of least resistance " is guiding the path of the electrical discharge , but that the path of least resistance depends on where the electricity has already flowed , giving an interesting an nonlinear feedback situation .
We 'll explain : A lightning discharge releases energy by neutralizing opposite charges which have built up between clouds or between a cloud and the earth during a thunderstorm .
These charges build up over large volumes of air and ground .
As the voltage difference increases between the clouds and the ground , it eventually rises to the point where electrons can be torn away from the negatively charged ions and fly through the air .
The built - up electric field between the cloud and the ground provides the energy .
As an electron travels through the field , it is accelerated .
If the electron collides hard enough with a gas molecule , it can knock some of the molecule 's electrons loose , and the process repeats in an avalanche - like manner .
The end result is a tube of plasma , a gas consisting of positive and negative ions ( in addition to remaining unionized gas molecules ) .
The electrical resistivity in the plasma is much less than that of ordinary air because of the presence of charged particles which are free to move .
Once this tube has been established , electrical currents will flow very easily along it .
A lightning strike may consist of many separate discharges , all down the same tube of ionized air .
But some areas of charge buildup may not lie directly on the ends of the tube , but instead are off to the sides .
The path of least resistance is for the current to stay in the main bolt as long as possible , but then branch off to the region where the opposite charge buildup is , taking a short side path .
It 's a little like planning a trip in a car .
You follow small branch roads to find the nearest interstate freeway ( which offers the fastest travel with the least resistance ) .
You follow that as long as you can , and then branch off again on small roads to go to your eventual destination .
The nonlinear feedback here is that people will drive their cars the most where people have driven their cars before , which caused the interstate freeway to be built in the first place .
The same sorts of rules apply to many instances of self - organizing distribution networks .
These include : blood vessels in animals , tree trunks and branches and roots , and rivers and streams .
These all follow crazy , jagged paths , which are needed to distribute a mobile substance either from or to a volume .
This happens when the distribution channels have a lower dimension than that in which they are distributing their cargo .
Lightning bolts and blood vessels are effectively one - dimensional , but they must distribute electrical charge or blood to a three - dimensional volume , and therefore must take jagged , branching paths to fill up the space in the most efficient manner .
The same principles apply to crystal growth .
Snowflakes develop by attaching water molecules on the ends of frozen crystals , and the easiest place to make new ice is at the free ends .
The raw material , water in the gaseous phase , is distributed in three dimensions around the snowflake and each molecule attaches to the closest part of the currently existing ice crystal .
Snowflakes and other crystals therefore often have branches and dendrites on their ends .
The discharges in a plasma ball obey essentially the same rules -- charge travels the easiest down already established conducting plasma discharge paths , and then fork out to the places where the charge needs to go .
You raise the very interesting question of " how does the discharge decide where to make the plasma path in the first place , if the electric field is spherically symmetrical ? "
The answer is a very interesting topic in its own right , with the name " spontaneous symmetry breaking . "
A symmetrical equation can have a non-symmetrical solution .
The electrical discharge in a plasma ball just picks a direction or directions at random when it is turned on , if it is truly symmetrical .
The same sort of thing happens if you push down on on a ruler that is held vertically in contact with a table .
The system is left - right symmetric , but if you push hard enough , the ruler will bow to the left or right .
If there are asymmetries in the plasma ball , such as someone 's hand touching the glass , then the discharge paths are affected by the asymmetry .
Here is an explanation of .
Tom , Mike , and Nigel
( published on 10/22/2007 )
Amidst predictions of global warming - driven global extinctions , a dietary analysis of ancient teeth suggests that animals may prove more adaptable than expected .
The tale of the teeth , collected at two sites in Florida and spanning a transition between extreme temperatures during an ice age climate cycle , runs counter to the standard narrative of animals as unable to adjust their behavioral patterns .
" One of the main assumptions is that species niches are conserved .
Here we 're showing that the diets vary and change , " said Larisa DeSantis , a Florida Museum of Natural History zoologist .
" These niches are not the same .
The animals were not doing the same thing constantly through time . "
A prominent study published in Nature in 2004 predicted that about one - quarter of all species would be " committed to extinction " by 2050 if the planet 's temperature increased by about 6 degrees Fahrenheit .
Such an increase falls in the middle of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's calculations of global temperature change in the next century .
Some researchers call the one - quarter extinction prediction excessive .
Others think it 's conservative .
The IPCC says that a rise of several degrees could put a quarter of all species at risk of extinction , with a jump of a few more degrees threatening up to three - quarters of Earth 's animals .
Those predictions , however , are based on models in which creatures do n't alter their habits when weather changes disrupt their traditional food chains .
And though the authors of the teeth analysis warned against extrapolating their findings , which documented a gradual shift spanning hundreds of thousands of years , to the fast - warming climate of the present , the research suggests a limit to our own predictions .
" I do n't think you can use this study as a model for what 's going to happen to a given species .
But it does say that if we have global warming , then there will be changes to animals , and those changes will be complex , " said study co-author Robert Feranec , a vertebrate paleontologist at the New York State Museum .
" It 's hard to understand what global warming is going to do . "
The 115 fossil teeth in the study came from 11 large mammal species , some still found in Florida and others long departed : horses , deer , pronghorns , tapirs , two types of llama , two types of peccary , and three types of mammoth .
The animals ' bones had come to rest in two ancient lakebeds .
The first group dated to approximately 1.9 million years ago , when America was locked in the frigid grip of an ice age .
The second group of fossils dated from about 1.3 million years ago , a period of glacial retreat .
Different plants have different ratios of carbon isotopes — variations of carbon with different atomic masses .
Those carbon ratios are recorded in the teeth , hair and tusks of the animals that eat them , so the researchers were able to deduce the animals ' diets by analyzing the chemical composition of their teeth .
When it was cold , the animals ' diets were dominated by grass .
When it warmed , they ate a mixture of grass , shrubs and trees .
The tapirs — a now - endangered , pig - like animal with a prehensile snout that typically lives on land — apparently took to water .
The findings " build upon what we know are inadequacies in how ecologists predict changes in species under modern climate change , " said Jessica Hellmann , a University of Notre Dame ecologist who was not involved in the study .
" Most of the models that we use to project future change assume that species will continue doing in the future what they do today .
As the authors point out , these models do n't account for flexibility in the tolerances of some species , " she said .
How much temperatures fluctuated between 1.9 million and 1.3 million years ago is n't known .
According to Feranec , it may have resembled fluctuations known to have occurred in Florida near the end of the last ice age .
At about 9 degrees Fahrenheit , those fluctuations were comparable to those predicted at the upper ranges of modern climate change .
But whether modern animals will adapt as easily as their ice age forebears is an open question .
The researchers cautioned that human - driven climate change is happening much faster than glacial transitions .
" It may move too fast for animals to switch what they 're doing , " said Feranec .
His caveat was echoed by Patrick Gonzalez , a University of California , Berkeley forest ecologist who has served as an expert reviewer for the IPCC .
" Current global warming is occurring in a short period of approximately 50 to 150 years .
This extremely rapid pace may not leave enough time for substantial species adaptation , " said Gonzalez .
Even if animals can adapt to temperature shifts , the combination of climate change and competition with billions of resource - hungry , habitat - developing humans may prove too great , warned Feranec .
The last wave of extinctions came at the end of the last ice age , when the planet warmed and humans spread out of Africa and around the world .
" We lost 35 genera of large mammals in North America at that time , " said Feranec .
" If we can use that as any kind of model , then whenever you have a large human footprint and rampant global warming , you seem to end up with large - scale extinction . "
See Also :
Citation : " Effects of Global Warming on Ancient Mammalian Communities and Their Environments . "
By Larisa R. G. DeSantis , Robert S. Feranec , Bruce J. MacFadden .
Public Library of Science ONE , Vol. 4 Issue 6 , June 2 , 2009 .
Image : Larisa DeSantis
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; @ WiredScience on Twitter .
Peut - être n'y aura - t - il finalement jamais de 4ème licence 3G .
Selon le Canard Enchaîné , qui cite une source de Bercy , le calendrier pourrait bientôt obliger
Free à multiplier par trois ses investissements , qui deviendraient alors trop lourds pour rester réalistes .
L'aboutissement d'un long processus de sabotage .
Rétrospective .
Il y a quelque chose de pourri dans la candidature de Free à la quatrième licence 3G , au point qu’aujourd ’hui Iliad doit se mordre les doigts d’avoir refusé de payer en une seule fois les 620 millions d’euros qu’exigeait le gouvernement avant l’arrivée au pouvoir de Nicolas Sarkozy .
Ce refus avait logiquement conduit au rejet de sa candidature par l’Arcep , ce qui devait simplement précipiter de nouvelles négociations , qui ont eu lieu .
Le Parlement a adopté dans le cadre de la loi Chatel une disposition qui permettait à Free d’échelonner le paiement de la quatrième licence 3G .
Mais c’était sans compte sur le fait que Nicolas Sarkozy décide , en novembre 2007 , de s’occuper personnellement du dossier .
Depuis , alors que la licence 3G aurait due être obtenue dès février 2008 , l’octroi des précieuses fréquences patauge .
En avril de l’année dernière , les premières rumeurs ont commencé à circuler sur l’intention de l’Etat de renoncer à ouvrir le marché à un quatrième opérateur .
Puis finalement , Nicolas Sarkozy a décidé que les 15 Mhz allaient être scindés en différents lots , ce qui a relancé tout le processus d’octroi des licences .
Le dossier fut repoussé à 2009 … sur fond de chantage aux opérateurs déjà titulaires des licences : Orange , SFR et Bouygues .
Pour qu’ils acceptent sans protester de voir leur chiffre d’affaires taxé au profit de la télévision publique , la quatrième licence a en effet été instrumentalisée .
Le Président du groupe UMP à l ’Assemblée , Jean - François Copé , qui avait présidé la commission sur la télévision publique , l ’a confessé à des journalistes inquiets que la taxe puisse être répercutée sur le prix des forfaits .
« A mon avis , ils ne toucheront pas à leurs tarifs , sinon on ouvrira une quatrième licence .
Ca va les calmer très vite ! « , avait ainsi lâché Copé .
Nicolas Sarkozy saucissonne la quatrième licence 3G
En juillet 2008 , le Canard Enchaîné confirme que Nicolas Sarkozy a décidé de saboté le dossier de Free , en divisant la licence 3G en trois lots , comme lui aurait demandé son ami Martin Bouygues , propriétaire de l’un des trois gros opérateurs .
« Je me suis acheté un château , ce n’est pas pour laisser les romanichels venir sur les pelouses « , aurait - même dit l’industriel à l’hôte de l’Elysée .
En réaction , Free s’adresse au « candidat du pouvoir d’achat » et affirme que s’il a accès à la quatrième licence 3G , il divisera le prix des forfaits par deux .
Effet assuré auprès des ménages .
En septembre 2008 , l ’Arcep ( depuis reprise en main par l’Etat ) fait pression sur l’Elysée pour qu’il accepte d’octroyer la quatrième licence 3G , en réservant au moins l’un des lots à un nouvel opérateur , Free.
François Fillon annonce alors que le dossier sera décidé début 2009 .
Mais dès octobre 2008 , le Figaro écrit que « la 4ème licence c’est à 98 % enterré « .
Faisant fi de la position de l’Arcep , Nicolas Sarkozy aurait décidé selon le journal que les trois lots de la quatrième licence seraient distribués aux trois gros opérateurs .
En réaction , Free décide cette fois de devenir un opposant politique .
Le patron Xavier Niel , jusque là discipliné , multiplie les prises de paroles contre la loi Création et Internet et la fameuse riposte graduée .
Il s’en prend également au projet de filtrage du net voulu par Nicolas Sarkozy .
Le message est clair : si Free n’a pas accès à la quatrième licence 3G , il usera de tout son pouvoir d’influence pour faire échec aux projets de Nicolas Sarkozy dans le contrôle du net .
Le gouvernement jouerait la montre jusqu’à février 2010
Hasard ou coïncidence , mis sous pression par Bruxelles , Matignon décide fin 2008 de remettre à l’ouvrage le dossier , tandis que Martin Bouygues joue du chantage à l’emploi pour convaincre Nicolas Sarkozy de ne pas bouger .
Début 2009 , comme il l’avait promis , François Fillon assure que la quatrième licence sera attribuée d’ici l’été , ce qui calme l’opposition de Xavier Niel , en particulier contre la loi Création et Internet .
Un débat parlementaire est organisé pour valider le processus d’octroi des lots de fréquence , qui coûtera finalement 206 millions d’euros à Free .
Ne reste plus que la validation de l’Arcep , ce qui ne devait être qu’une formalité puisque le Conseil d’Etat avait déjà donné un avis favorable , contraire à la position défendue par Vivendi , la maison - mère de SFR .
Mais finalement , le gouvernement a décidé une nouvelle fois de retarder le dossier .
En avril 2009 , Luc Chatel annonce que la Commission des participation et des transferts ( CPT ) sera consultée pour vérifier la conformité du montant demandé avec les intérêts de l’Etat .
Or cet ultime rebondissement n’est pas sans conséquences .
Le Canard Enchaîné a en effet publié cette semaine un article qui prête au gouvernement l’intention de gagner du temps , jusqu’à ce que le prix du déploiement d’une offre mobile devienne trop important pour Free . « La réglementation prévoit en effet qu’Orange , SFR et Bouygues céderont à tout nouvel entrant une partie de leurs fréquences sur la meilleure bande , celle des 900 MHz .
Mais à une condition : que la licence soit attribuée avant le 30 juin 2010 « , raconte le journal .
« Au-delà , ils ne devront plus rien au quatrième opérateur .
Celui- ci ne disposerait alors que de fréquences sur la bande des 2100MHz , laquelle nécessite 3 fois plus d’antennes pour fonctionner .
La couverture de la totalité du territoire lui couterait 9 milliards au lieu de 3 , selon un haut fonctionnaire de Bercy .
Cela rendrait l’opération irréalisable « .
Or , selon le Canard Enchaîné , la procédure d’attribution de la nouvelle licence prendrait 8 mois à partir du moment où la CPT rend son avis .
L’objectif inavoué du gouvernement serait donc de retarder au maximum les choses , pour que l’avis ne soit pas donné avant février 2010 , ce qui sauvera les trois opérateurs .
Une manœuvre d’autant plus gênante que le futur président d’Orange , Stéphane Richard , est l’ancien directeur de cabinet de Bercy , qui ne compterait « que des amis » au sein de la CPT .
Probably .
I 'll have to revisit Quest for Glory II , and check the Dervish 's to make sure .
Regardless , the LittleBigPlanet Druid 's beard is long .
Longer than Tim Schafer's .
Longer , even , than Gandalf's .
And that 's official .
Advertisement
This article originally appeared in the May 1995 Free Market .
You ’re looking for a job .
You want to get paid several times your worth , come and go when you please , work only when you feel like it , take as long a lunch as you want , and get ten paid holidays per year and six weeks paid vacation per year .
There ’s only one way to go : work for the federal government .
Few Americans , I ’m afraid , have any idea , what it ’s like .
If they did , there would be a political earthquake .
As a member of the Parasitic Class for 15 years , I have witnessed and participated in this corrupt and grotesquely unfair system first hand .
I am both qualified and morally obligated to expose it .
You could , of course , call me a hypocrite .
I have prospered financially beyond my wildest dreams .
Given my talents and work , my standard of living is higher than anything I could earn in the private sector .
But by reading the right books , and talking at length with my wife ( a private - sector employee ) and our friends in the private sector , I have come to see this repugnant system for what it ’s worth .
What draws people to government work ?
What keeps them there for a lifetime ?
It ’s simple : overcompensation , huge benefits , and great working conditions .
It ’s attractive to sign up and nearly impossible to leave .
That ’s because the government , by and large , rewards skills and experience that are unmarketable in the private sector , at least not at the same level of pay .
$ 20 $ 18
Take me for example .
I have a degree in political science .
I write , edit , and research .
The taxpayers pay me approximately $ 65,000 in salary , excluding benefits .
I could not legally earn this in the private sector .
If you do n’t believe me , peruse the want ads .
Salaries for " writer/editor " and " research analyst " start in the low $ 20s .
Let ’s say I took a job in the private sector ( presuming that someone would hire a person who has spent his whole adult life working for the government ) .
And let ’s pretend I can earn $ 65,000 .
What would I lose if I left the government ?
The short work week would be out the window .
I could take off early , but this would be detrimental to my income .
I would have to meet deadlines , because consumers want jobs done in a timely manner .
I would have to forget about ten paid holidays .
People in the private sector have a hard time getting paid on Thanksgiving .
My private - sector friends laugh at me when I tell them I get paid for such bogus holidays as Presidents Day , Martin Luther King Day , and Columbus Day .
And vacations ?
Right now , I can spend 8.7 % of my work time on vacation .
That ’s six weeks per year in perpetuity .
The average vacation time in the private sector is two weeks , and it ’s not an entitlement .
I could also forget about the unofficial " bennies " : for example , I take an hour - long jog every day , followed by a shower and a leisurely lunch .
It keeps me in tip - top condition for my vacations .
And shopping excursions during work are always possible .
What about stress ?
If relaxation lengthened life , bureaucrats would live to be 150 years old .
Pig Book : How Governme ...
Citizens Against Gover ... Best Price : $ 1.95 Buy New $ 14.62 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
Every few years , a big - shot commission bemoans the disparity between public and private sector work .
It invariably concludes that bureaucrats need much higher salaries and more benefits .
Nonsense .
If bureaucrats were paid according to their net value to society , the result would be mass exodus and the federal government would have to shut down .
For anyone versed in free - market economics , the reasons for all this taxpayer abuse are obvious .
Unlike the private sector , the government is not subject to the rigors of the profit and loss system .
The government can tax , print , and borrow money to meet its obligations .
It can pay millions of people salaries absurdly out of proportion , and not be outcompeted .
Lacking the discipline imposed by the market , the government cannot be efficient by private - sector standards .
It will never terminate or scale back unnecessary functions on its own .
So long as people are tricked into thinking that government employees are sacrificing anything for the public good , politicians wo n’t feel pressure to end it .
I have begun in earnest to look for employment in the private sector .
I have to take a huge salary cut and give up those generous " bennies , " but I will at least then contribute something to society .
And at least I ’ll be able to live with myself .
June 15 , 2009
Mr. X " works " for the federal government .
The Best of Mr. X
Commonsense ♠ ♣ © winnie caw 2002
( follow the arrows below for more of winnie caw 's whimsy , or click on a link )
Puns , More Puns and Jokes
Home Page
Reflections
Search Engine - find anything on whimsy pages
Pun-itive Sentences
1 . Time flies like an arrow .
Fruit flies like a banana .
2 . Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I 'll show you A - flat minor .
3 . To write with a broken pencil is pointless .
4 . A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two - tired .
5 . Those who get too big for their britches will be exposed in the end .
6 . When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds .
7 . A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion .
8 . If you do n't pay your exorcist you get repossessed .
9 . What 's the definition of a will ?
It 's a dead giveaway .
10 .
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered .
11 . Every calendar 's days are numbered .
12 . Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis .
13 .
When the electricity went off during a storm at a school the students
were de-lighted .
14 . I used to be a tap dancer until I fell in the sink .
15 .
He wears glasses during math because it improves division .
16 .
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still .
17 .
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg , but broke it off .
18 . Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine .
19 .
It was n't school John disliked it was just the principal of it .
20 .
It 's better to love a short girl than not a tall .
21 . There was once a cross-eyed teacher who could n't control his pupils .
22 . A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum
Blownapart .
23 . A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat .
24 .
The one who invented the door knocker got a No - bell prize .
25 .
Old power plant workers never die they just de-generate .
26 .
There was a ghost at the hotel , so they called for an inn spectre .
27 .
With her marriage she got a new name and a dress .
28 .
The short fortune - teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at
large .
29 . Some Spanish government employees are Seville servants .
30 .
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends .
31 . Show me someone in denial and I 'll show you a person in Egypt up to
their ankles .
32 . Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was
a -salted .
33 .
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion .
34 .
When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair she thought she 'd dye .
35 .
He often broke into song because he could n't find the key .
36 . Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of defeat .
37 . Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll .
38 .
To some - marriage is a word ... to others - a sentence .
39 .
Old lawyers never die they just lose their appeal .
40 .
In democracy its your vote that counts .
In feudalism its your count
that votes .
41 . Atheism is a non-prophet organization .
42 . It was an emotional wedding .
Even the cake was in tiers .
43 .
Old skiers never die -- they just go down hill .
44 . A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper .
45 . Local Area Network in Australia : the LAN down under .
46 . When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent .
47 .
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a
power struggle .
48 . How do you make antifreeze ?
Steal her blanket .
49 .
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital .
When his
grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said ' No change yet ' .
50 .
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients .
51 . Nylons give women a run for their money .
52 . Talking to her about computer hardware I make my mother board .
53 . Ancient orators tended to Babylon .
54 .
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card .
55 .
If you give some managers an inch they think they 're a ruler .
56 .
Two silk worms had a race .
They ended up in a tie .
57 .
He had a photographic memory that was never developed .
58 .
Old burglars never die they just steal away .
59 .
A lawyer for a church did some cross-examining .
60 . Chronic illegal parkers suffer from parking zones disease .
61 . Some people do n't like food going to waist ..
62 . A cannibal 's favourite game is ' swallow the leader ' .
63 .
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it .
64 . Girls who do n't get asked out as often as their friends could feel
out - dated .
65 .
We were so poor when I was growing up we could n't even afford to pay
attention .
66 . A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary .
67 . A backwards poet writes inverse .
68 .
If a lawyer can be disbarred can a musician be denoted or a model deposed ?
69 .
Once you 've seen one shopping center you 've seen a mall .
70 .
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles , U C L A .
71 . A plateau is a high form of flattery .
72 . When chemists die , we barium .
73 .
A long knife has been invented that cuts four loaves of bread at a time
called a four loaf cleaver .
74 .
When the wheel was invented , it caused a revolution .
75 .
Two robbers with clubs went golfing , but they did n't play the fairway .
76 . Seven days without a pun makes one weak .
77 .
A circus lion wo n't eat clowns because they taste funny .
78 . A toothless termite walked into a tavern and said , " Is the bar tender
here ? "
79 .
Did you hear about the fire at the circus ?
The heat was intense .
80 . A tattoo artist has designs on his clients .
81 . Santa 's helpers are subordinate clauses .
82 . A lot of money is tainted .
It taint yours and it taint mine .
83 .
When they bought a water bed , the couple started to drift apart .
84 . What you seize is what you get .
85 . Gardeners always know the ground rules .
86 . Some people 's noses and feet are built backwards : their feet smell and
their noses run .
87 .
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest .
88 . A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter .
89 .
What do you call cheese that is not yours ?
Nacho Cheese .
90 .
When a new hive is done bees have a house swarming party .
91 . Looting a drugstore is called Pillaging .
92 . Never lie to an x-ray technician .
They can see right through you .
93 .
Old programmers never die , they just can't C as well .
94 .
A music store had a small sign which read : Bach in a Minuet .
95 .
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon .
96 . Visitors to Cuba are usually Havana good time .
97 .
A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee - free .
98 .
A ditch digger was entrenched in his career .
99 .
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode .
They were an item .
100 .
A criminal 's best asset is his lie ability .
*******
LET'S ASK THE EXPERTS :
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation .
~ Francois De La Rochefoucauld
The fish trap exists because of the fish .
Once you 've gotten the fish you can forget the trap .
The rabbit snare exists because of the rabbit .
Once you 've gotten the rabbit , you can forget the snare .
Words exist because of meaning .
Once you 've gotten the meaning , you can forget the words .
Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him ?
~ Chuang Tzu
A man with one watch knows what time it is ; a man with two watches is never quite sure .
~ Lee Segall
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end ; then stop .
~ Lewis Carrol , Alice in Wonderland
Believe those who are seeking the truth .
Doubt those who find it .
~ Andre Gide
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow .
~ Aesop
Only that in you which is me can hear what I 'm saying .
~ Baba Ram Dass
I am a part of all that I have met .
~ Alfred Lord Tennyson
There 's more to the truth than just the facts .
~ Unknown
Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day .
~ Polish Proverb
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth .
~ Ludwig Börne
If a man who cannot count finds a four - leaf clover , is he lucky ?
~ Stanislaw J. Lec
The obscure we see eventually .
The completely obvious , it seems , takes longer .
~ Edward R. Murrow
We are all but recent leaves on the same old tree of life and if this life has adapted itself to new functions and conditions , it uses the same old basic principles over and over again .
There is no real difference between the grass and the man who mows it .
~ Albert Szent - Györgyi
When the student is ready , the master appears .
~ Buddhist Proverb
A gun gives you the body , not the bird .
~ Henry David Thoreau
Before enlightenment - chop wood , carry water .
After enlightenment - chop wood , carry water .
~ Zen Buddhist Proverb
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after .
~ Henry David Thoreau
I tell you everything that is really nothing , and nothing of what is everything , do not be fooled by what I am saying .
Please listen carefully and try to hear what I am not saying .
~ Charles C. Finn
Oh , Heaven , it is mysterious , it is awful to consider that we not only carry a future Ghost within us ; but are , in very deed , Ghosts !
~ Thomas Carlyle
Knock on the sky and listen to the sound .
~ Zen Saying
By daily dying I have come to be .
~ Theodore Roethke
There are some remedies worse than the disease .
~ Publilius Syrus
You never know what is enough , until you know what is more than enough .
~ William Blake , Proverbs of Hell
Men are probably nearer the central truth in their superstitions than in their science .
~ Henry David Thoreau
Think like a man of action , act like a man of thought .
~ Henri Louis Bergson
If you think you 're free , there 's no escape possible .
~ Ram Dass
The fly that does n't want to be swatted is most secure when it lights on the fly - swatter .
~ G.C. Lichtenberg
Do n't miss the donut by looking through the hole .
~ Unknown
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep .
~ Navajo Proverb
Life has the name of life , but in reality it is death .
~ Heraclitus , Eustathius ad Iliad
Whatever I take , I take too much or too little ; I do not take the exact amount .
The exact amount is no use to me .
~ Antonio Porchia , Voces , 1943 , translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
Alice came to a fork in the road .
" Which road do I take ? " she asked .
" Where do you want to go ? " responded the Cheshire cat .
" I do n't know , " Alice answered .
" Then , " said the cat , " it does n't matter . "
~ Lewis Carroll , Alice in Wonderland
Each forward step we take we leave some phantom of ourselves behind .
~ John Lancaster Spalding
The map is not the territory .
~ Alfred Korzybski
No matter where you go or what you do , you live your entire life within the confines of your head .
~ Terry Josephson
Would there be this eternal seeking if the found existed ?
~ Antonio Porchia , Voces , 1943 , translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
If you 're going to tickle , use a feather not a whip .
~ Terri Guillemets
He who has seen present things has seen all , both everything which has taken place from all eternity and everything which will be for time without end ; for all things are of one kin and of one form .
~ Marcus Aurelius
If you chase two rabbits , you will not catch either one .
~ Russian Proverb
The observer , when he seems to himself to be observing a stone , is really , if physics is to be believed , observing the effects of the stone upon himself .
~ Bertrand Russell
Some people walk in the rain , others just get wet .
~ Roger Miller
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers .
~ James Thurber
You can not step into the same river twice .
~ Heraclitus , in Diogenes Laertius , Lives
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full .
And he said , " Is it half full or half empty ? "
So I drank the water .
No more problem .
~ Alexander Jodorowsky
Extreme remedies are very appropriate for extreme diseases .
~ Hippocrates , Aphorisms
It takes all the running you can do just to keep in the same place .
~ Lewis Carroll , Through the Looking - Glass , 1872
We waste a lot of time running after people we could have caught by just standing still .
~ Mignon McLaughlin , The Neurotic 's Notebook , 1960
You can't reason someone out of a position they did n't reason themselves into .
~ Unknown
You can see a lot by just looking .
~ Yogi Berra
Proverbs often contradict one another , as any reader soon discovers .
The sagacity that advises us to look before we leap promptly warns us that if we hesitate we are lost ; that absence makes the heart grow fonder , but out of sight , out of mind .
~ Leo Rosten
Who depends on another man 's table often dines late .
~ John Ray
Things are entirely what they appear to be and behind them ... there is nothing .
~ Jean Paul Sartre , Nausea
You become responsible forever for what you 've tamed .
~ Antoine de Saint - Exupéry , The Little Prince , 1943 , translated from French by Richard Howard
When the pain is great enough , we will let anyone be doctor .
~ Mignon McLaughlin , The Neurotic 's Notebook , 1960
A thousand men can't undress a naked man .
~ Greek Proverb
We often repent the good we have done as well as the ill .
~ William Hazlitt , Characteristics , 1823
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground .
~ Buddha
Almost every wise saying has an opposite one , no less wise , to balance it .
~ Santayana , Essays
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement .
But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth .
~ Niels Bohr
Who is more foolish , the child afraid of the dark or the man afraid of the light ?
~ Maurice Freehill
I believe that men are generally still a little afraid of the dark , though the witches are all hung , and Christianity and candles have been introduced .
~ Henry David Thoreau , " Solitude , " Walden , 1854
Eggs can not be unscrambled .
~ American Proverb
A thing , until it is everything , is noise , and once it is everything it is silence .
~ Antonio Porchia , Voces , 1943 , translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
The road was new to me , as roads always are going back .
~ Sarah Orne Jewett , The Country Road of Pointed Firs , 1896
We used to think that if we knew one , we knew two , because one and one are two .
We are finding that we must learn a great deal more about " and . "
~ Arthur Stanley Eddington
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place .
~ Zen
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow , he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing .
~ Eric Berne
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that , from age to age , nothing changes and yet everything is completely different .
~ Aldous Huxley
Genuine tragedies in the world are not conflicts between right and wrong .
They are conflicts between two rights .
~ Georg Hegel
We are spirits clad in veils .
~ Christopher P. Cranch
We often think that when we have completed our study of one we know all about two , because " two " is " one and one . "
We forget that we still have to make a study of " and . "
~ A. Eddington
If I am not pleased with myself , but should wish to be other than I am , why should I think highly of the influences which have made me what I am ?
~ John Lancaster Spalding
If a man will begin with certainties , he shall end in doubts , but if he will content to begin with doubts , he shall end in certainties .
~ Francis Bacon
To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting .
~ Stanislaus I of Poland
The world always makes the assumption that the exposure of an error is identical with the discovery of truth - that the error and truth are simply opposite .
They are nothing of the sort .
What the world turns to , when it is cured on one error , is usually simply another error , and maybe one worse than the first one .
~ H.L. Mencken
The future influences the present just as much as the past .
~ Friedrich Nietzsche
When we try to pick out anything by itself , we find it hitched to everything else in the universe .
~ John Muir , My First Summer in the Sierra , 1911
One does what one is ; one becomes what one does .
~ Robert von Musil , Kleine Prosa
You can't fall off the floor .
~ Unknown
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
~ Unknown
In general people experience their present naively , as it were , without being able to form an estimate of its contents ; they have first to put themselves at a distance from it - the present , that is to say , must have become the past - before it can yield points of vantage from which to judge the future .
~ Sigmund Freud , The Future of an Illusion
The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there .
~ Robert M. Pirsig
A stumble may prevent a fall .
~ English Proverb
When you look into an abyss , the abyss also looks into you .
~ Friedrich Nietzche
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise .
Seek what they sought .
~ Matsuo Basho
... but still we ask ourselves :
IMPORTANT HEALTH INFORMATION
Q : I 've heard that cardiovascular exercise can prolong life .
Is this true ?
A : Your heart is only good for so many beats , and that 's it .
Do n't waste
them on exercise .
Everything wears out eventually .
Speeding up your heart will not make you live longer ; that 's like saying you can extend the life of your car by driving it faster .
Want to live longer ?
Take a nap .
Q : Should I cut down on meat and eat more fruits and vegetables ?
A : You must grasp logistical efficiencies .
What does a cow eat ?
Hay and corn .
And what are these ?
Vegetables .
So a steak is nothing more than an efficient mechanism of delivering vegetables to your system .
Need grain ?
Eat chicken .
Beef is also a good source of field grass , a green leafy vegetable , and a pork chop can give you 100 % of your recommended daily allowance of vegetable slop .
Q : Is beer or wine bad for me ?
A : Look , it goes to the earlier point about fruits and vegetables .
As we all know , scientists divide everything in the world into three categories : animal , mineral , and vegetable .
We all know that beer and wine are not animal or mineral , so that only leaves one thing , right ?
My advice :
Have a burger and a beer and enjoy your vegetables .
Q : How can I calculate my body / fat ratio ?
A : Well , if you have a body , and you have body fat , your ratio is one to one .
If you have two bodies , your ratio is two to one , etc .
Q : What are some of the advantages of participating in a regular exercise program ?
A : Ca n't think of a single one , sorry .
My philosophy is : No Pain ... Good .
Q : Are n't fried foods bad for you ?
A : You 're not listening .
Foods are fried these days in vegetable oil .
How could getting more vegetables be bad for you ?
Q : Will sit-ups help prevent me from getting a little soft around the middle ?
A : Definitely not !
When you exercise a muscle , it gets bigger .
You should only be doing sit-ups if you want bigger stomach .
Q : Is chocolate bad for me ?
A : Are you crazy ?
HELLO ..... Cocoa beans .. another vegetable !!!
" It 's the best feel - good food around ! "
Well , I hope this has cleared up any misconceptions you may have had about food and diets .
Have a cookie ...
One more thing ...
" When life hands you lemons , ask for tequila and salt . "
*****
Peter Kay jokes , attributed 1 ) Triangular sandwiches taste better than square ones .
2 ) At the end of every party there is always a girl crying .
3 ) One of the most awkward things that can happen in a pub is when your pint - to - toilet cycle gets synchronised with a complete stranger .
4 ) You 've never quite sure whether it's ok to eat green crisps .
5 ) Everyone who grew up in the 80's has entered the digits 55378008 into a calculator .
6 ) Reading when you 're drunk is horrible .
7 ) Sharpening a pencil with a knife makes you feel really manly .
8 ) You 're never quite sure whether it 's against the law or not to have
a fire in your back garden .
10 ) Nobody ever dares make cup - a - soup in a bowl .
11 ) You never know where to look when eating a banana .
12 ) Its impossible to describe the smell of a wet cat .
13 ) Prodding a fire with a stick makes you feel manly .
14 ) Rummaging in an overgrown garden will always turn up a bouncy ball .
15 ) You always feel a bit scared when stroking horses .
16 ) Everyone always remembers the day a dog ran into your school .
17 ) The most embarrassing thing you can do as schoolchild is to call your teacher mum or dad .
18 ) The smaller the monkey the more it looks like it would kill you at
the first given opportunity .
19 ) Some days you see lots of people on crutches .
20 ) Every bloke has at some stage while taking a pee , flushed half way through and then raced against the flush .
21 ) Old women with mobile phones look wrong .
22 ) Its impossible to look cool whilst picking up a Frisbee .
23 ) Driving through a tunnel makes you feel excited .
24 ) You never ever run out of salt .
25 ) Old ladies can eat more than you think .
26 ) You can't respect a man who carries a dog .
27 ) There 's no panic like the panic you momentarily feel when you 've got your hand or head stuck in something .
28 ) No one knows the origins of their metal coat hangers .
29 ) Despite constant warning , you have never met anybody who has had their arm broken by a swan .
30 ) The most painful household incident is wearing socks and stepping on an upturned plug .
31 ) People who do n't drive slam car doors too hard .
32 ) You 've turned into your dad the day you put aside a thin piece of
wood specifically to stir paint with .
33 ) Everyone had an uncle who tried to steal their nose .
34 ) Bricks are horrible to carry .
35 ) In every plate of chips there is a bad chip .
36 ) Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad and more questions : 1 . Why does your gynaecologist leave the room when you get undressed ?
2 . If a person owns a piece of land do they own it all the way down to the core of the earth ?
3 . Why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed ?
4 . Is it possible to brush your teeth without wiggling your arse ?
5 . Why is it called Alcoholics Anonymous when the first thing you do is stand up and say , ' My name is Bob , and I am an alcoholic ' ?
6 . Why are they called stairs inside but steps outside ?
7 . Why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer ?
8 . Why does mineral water that 'has trickled through mountains for
centuries ' have a 'use by ' date ?
9 . Why do toasters always have a setting that burns the toast to a
horrible crisp no one would eat ?
10 . Is French kissing in France just called kissing ?
11 . Who was the first person to look at a cow and say , ' I think I'll
squeeze these dangly things here and drink whatever comes out ' ?
12 . What do people in China call their good plates ?
13 .
Why do people point to their wrist when asking for the time , but
do n't point to their crotch when they ask where the bathroom is ?
14 .
What do you call male ballerinas ?
15 .
Why is a person that handles your money called a ' Broker ' ?
16 .
If quizzes are quizzical , what are tests ?
17 .
If corn oil is made from corn , and vegetable oil is made from
vegetables , then what is baby oil made from ?
18 . Why is it that when someone tells you that there are over a
billion stars in the universe , you believe them , but if they tell you there is wet paint somewhere , you have to touch it to make sure ?
19 .
Do illiterate people get the full effect of Alphabet Soup ?
20 .
Did you ever notice that when you blow in a dog's face , he gets
mad at you but when you take him on a car ride , he sticks his head out of the window ?
One Liners from Stephen Wright - a Canadian comic :
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast .
The mime next - door went nuts .
Should you trust a stockbroker who 's married to a travel agent ?
If it is zero degrees outside today and it is supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow , how cold is it going to be ?
Since light travels faster than sound , is n't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak ?
Since Americans throw rice at weddings , do Asians throw hamburgers ?
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he 'll believe you .
Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it .
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics ?
So what is the speed of dark ?
How come you do n't ever hear about gruntled employees ?
And who has been dis-ing them anyhow ?
Why do n't they just make mouse - flavored cat food ?
I just got skylights put in my place .
The people who live above me are furious .
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections ?
Is n't Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse ?
How come abbreviated is such a long word ?
Why do you press harder on a remote - control when you know the battery is dead ?
Why are they called buildings , when they 're already finished ?
Should n't they be called builts ?
Why are they called apartments , when they 're all stuck together ?
Why do banks charge you a " non-sufficient funds fee " on money they already know you do n't have ?
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way ?
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to see it , do the other trees make fun of it ?
Why is a carrot more orange than an orange ?
When two airplanes almost collide why do they call it a near miss ?
It sounds like a near hit to me !
Do fish get cramps after eating ?
Why are there 5 syllables in the word " monosyllabic " ?
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors ?
Why do scientists call it research when looking for something new ?
If vegetarians eat vegetables , what do humanitarians eat ?
When I erase a word with a pencil , where does it go ?
Why is it , when a door is open it is ajar , but when a jar is open , it is not a - door ?
How come Superman could stop bullets with his chest , but always ducked when someone threw a gun at him ?
If " con " is the opposite of " pro , " then what is the opposite of progress ?
Why does lemon juice contain mostly artificial ingredients but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons ?
Why buy a product that takes 2000 flushes to get rid of ?
Why do we wait until a pig is dead to " cure " it ?
Why do we wash bath towels ?
Are n't we clean when we use them ?
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase ?
Why does n't glue stick to the inside of the bottle ?
What do little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious ?
Why does n't Tarzan have a beard ?
If man evolved from monkeys and apes , why do we still have monkeys and apes ?
Is boneless chicken considered to be an invertebrate ?
Do married people live longer than single people do or does it just SEEM longer ?
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman , " Where 's the
self - help section ? "
She said if she told me , it would defeat the purpose .
If all those psychics know the winning lottery numbers , why are they all still working ?
Is n't the best way to save face to keep the lower part shut ?
War does n't determine who 's right , just who 's left .
I took a lie detector test the other day .
No I did n't .
A friend of mine once sent me a postcard with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space .
On the back it said " Wish you were here " .
Last week I bought a new phone .
I took it out of the box , hooked it up to the wall and pressed redial .
The phone had a nervous breakdown .
Every so often I like to stick my head out the window , look up and smile for a satellite picture .
In my house there 's this light switch that does n't do anything .
Every so often I would flick it on and off just to check .
Yesterday I got a call from a woman in Germany .
She said " Cut it out " .
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted .
I had some eyeglasses .
I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out .
I used to be an airline pilot .
I got fired because I kept locking the keys in the plane .
They caught me on an eighty - foot step ladder with a coat hanger .
When the guy who made the first drawing board got it wrong , what did he go back to ?
The moon may be smaller than the earth , but it 's further away .
I talk to myself a lot .
That bothers some people because I use a megaphone .
more ' why 's '
Can you cry under water ?
How important does a person have to be before they are considered
assassinated instead of just murdered ?
If money does n't grow on trees then why do banks have branches ?
Since bread is square , then why is sandwich meat round ?
Why do you have to " put your two cents in " ... but it 's only a " penny
for your thoughts " ?
Where 's that extra penny going to ?
Once you 're in heaven , do you get stuck wearing the clothes you were
buried in for eternity ?
Why does a round pizza come in a square box ?
What illness did cured ham actually have ?
How is it that we put man on the moon before we figured out it would
be a good idea to put wheels on luggage ?
Why is it that people say they " slept like a baby " when babies wake
up like every two hours ?
If a deaf person has to go to court , is it still called a hearing ?
If you drink Pepsi at work in the Coke factory , will they fire you ?
Why are you IN a movie , but you 're ON TV ?
Why do people pay to go up tall buildings and then put money in
binoculars to look at things on the ground ?
How come we choose from just two people for President and fifty for
Miss America ?
If a 911 operator has a heart attack , whom does he / she call ?
and finally ...
Why is " bra " singular and " panties " plural ?
*****'
1. Atheism is a non-prophet organization .
2 . If man evolved from monkeys and apes , why do we still have
monkeys and apes ?
3 . The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all
the bad girls live .
4 . I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman , " Where 's the
self - help section ? "
She said if she told me , it would defeat the
purpose .
5 . What if there were no hypothetical questions ?
6 . If a deaf person swears , does his mother wash his hands with
soap ?
7 . If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself ,
is it considered a hostage situation ?
8 . Is there another word for synonym ?
9 . Where do forest rangers go to " get away from it all ? "
10 .
What do you do when you see an endangered animal eating an
endangered plant ?
11 . If a parsley farmer is sued , can they garnish his wages ?
12 . Would a fly without wings be called a walk ?
13 .
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms ?
Are they afraid someone
will clean them ?
14 .
If a turtle does n't have a shell , is he homeless or naked ?
15 . Can vegetarians eat animal crackers ?
16 .
If the police arrest a mime , do they tell him he has the right
to remain silent ?
17 .
Why do they put Braille on the drive - through bank machines ?
18 . How do they get deer to cross the road only at those yellow road
signs ?
19 .
What was the best thing before sliced bread ?
20 .
One nice thing about egotists : they do n't talk about other
people .
21 . Does the Little Mermaid wear an algebra ?
22 . Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery ?
23 .
How is it possible to have a civil war ?
24 .
If one synchronized swimmer drowns , do the rest drown , too ?
25 .
If you ate both pasta and antipasto , would you still be hungry ?
26 .
If you try to fail , and succeed , which have you done ?
27 .
Whose cruel idea was it for the word " Lisp " to have " S "
in it ?
28 . Why are hemorrhoids called " hemorrhoids " instead of
" assteroids " ?
29 .
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot at them ?
30 .
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream ?
31 . If you spin an oriental man in a circle three times does he
become disoriented ?
32 . Can an atheist get insurance against acts of God ?
*****
There 's always more ...........
Misers are n't fun to live with but they make wonderful ancestors .
Act your age , not your I.Q .
The first half of our life is ruined by our parents and the second half
by our children .
May you live all the days of your life .
The English have a remarkable talent for remaining calm even when there is no crisis .
Hertz Van Rental is not a Dutch impressionist painter !
I just heard from Bill Bailey .
He 's not coming home .
Negative thinking :
On the day Edison invented the light bulb , the
headlines would have read " Disaster hits the candle - making industry ! "
Why is it that women 's petticoats sag , yet men 's shirts creep up ?
TV permits you to be entertained in your living room by people you
would n't ordinarily let into your house .
There 's an old saying - if you hear an owl hoot " whom " instead of " who " , it was probably born and educated in Boston .
A television audience is a lot of people with nothing to do watching a
lot of people doing it .
Banks lend billions of dollars to third world countries , but for us ,
they chain down their pens .
The place was so crowded , you could n't breathe in and out .
You had to breathe up and down .
Adult western .
Where the hero still loves his horse , only now he's
worried about it .
Tautology .
' Armed and dangerous " .
Ever heard of anyone being ' Armed and gregarious or armed and helpful ' ?
If you want people to take notice of a Wet Paint sign , spell it Whet paynt .
And now to the weather .
Its zero outside .
No temperature at all .
No man forgets where he buried the hatchet .
When it come to giving , some people stop at nothing .
Never slap a man in the face if he 's chewing tobacco .
You write ?
What a coincidence , I read .
Sleep faster , we need the pillows .
I get up at 6 am every morning , no matter what time it is .
We were so poor , chicken soup was the water we boiled the eggs in .
A fly in the soup is better than no meat at all .
My old age is probably explained by the fact that I did not touch
cigarettes , alcohol or women - until I was twelve years old .
The difference between truth and fiction is that fiction has to make sense .
How can something be pretty ugly or a little big ?
We are involved in precision guessing .
Work is the refuge of people who have nothing better to do .
What do nudists do with their car keys after locking the car ?
What is called congestion on the roads is called intimacy in night clubs .
Do n't make the wrong mistakes .
The easiest way to find something which is lost is to buy a replacement .
If rocket scientists are so smart , why do they always count backwards ?
If you tell people a star is ten billion miles away , they believe you .
Put a sign saying ' wet paint ' and they feel an irresistible urge to
touch and check .
Thank God I 'm an atheist .
A hen is only an egg 's way of making another egg .
Speaking of unemployment , the human brain has more than ten billion cells .
My wife gave me a watch .
It was waterproof , anti-magnetic , shockproof , unbreakable , lifetime guarantee .
I lost it
Maybe the fish goes home and brags about the size of the bait he stole .
There is a difference between wanting a job and wanting work .
No one is too busy to tell you how busy they are .
What can one expect of a day that begins with getting up in the morning ?
Rain - something that , when you take an umbrella , it does n't .
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs .
A wise man will never plant more garden than his wife is capable of
taking care of .
Punctuality is the art of arriving just in time to be indignant at the
lateness of others .
Strip away the layer of artificial tinsel which he displays and get to
the real tinsel underneath .
You can sleep on a matter before you decide - as long as you do n't have a competitor who does n't need sleep .
They do n't make antiques like they used to .
It comes in three sizes .
Large , Giant and Super .
I 'll give you the small
one - Large .
The watermelons were so big it would n't take many to make a dozen .
Name two pronouns .
Who ?
Me ?
Among things science does not understand is why mosquitoes do not need sleep .
I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance .
Et cetera :
That which makes people believe you know more than you do .
" Our answering machine is away for repair .
This is a person speaking . "
The brain is an organ with which we think we think .
History is something that never happened , written by a person who was not there .
A person who dares waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life .
Sign on a gravestone , " What Are You Staring At ! "
A book is a thing you look at when your TV is broken .
A myth is something that was never true but always will be .
Give me the luxuries of life and I will do without the necessities .
Everyone has one thing they can do better than anyone else , even if it is reading their own handwriting .
The more I see of mankind , the more I like my dog .
The human leg is a source of delight ;
it carries your weight and governs your height .
Popular music is popular because a lot of people like it and for no
other reason .
Ninety percent of all scientists who ever lived have not yet died .
Research consists of going up alleys to see if they are blind .
Fish and guests begin to smell after three days .
***
and more puns ...
1 . Two peanuts walk into a bar .
One was a salted .
2 . A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar .
The barman says , " I 'll serve you , but do n't start anything . "
3 . A sandwich walks into a bar .
The barman says , " Sorry we do n't serve food in here . "
4 . A dyslexic man walks into a bra .
( thnik abuot taht ofr a miunte )
5 . A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says : " A beer please , and one for the road . "
6 . Two aerials meet on a roof , fall in love and get married .
The ceremony was n't much but the reception was brilliant .
7 . Two cannibals are eating a clown .
One says to the other : " Does this taste funny to you ? "
8 . " Doc , I ca n't stop singing ' The Green , Green Grass of Home . ' "
" That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome . "
" Is it common ? "
" It 's not unusual . "
9 . Two cows standing next to each other in a field , Daisy says to Dolly " I was artificially inseminated this morning . "
" I do n't believe you , " said Dolly .
" It 's true , no bull ! " Exclaimed Daisy .
10 .
A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only Saran Wrap shorts .
The shrink says , " Well , I can clearly see you 're nuts . "
11 . Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar .
One says , " I 've lost my electron . "
The other says , " Are you sure ? "
The first replies , " Yes , I 'm positive ... "
12 . A man takes his Rottweiler to the vet and says , " My dog 's cross-eyed , is there anything you can do for him ? "
" Well , " says the vet , " let 's have a look at him . "
So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes , then checks his teeth .
Finally , he says , " I 'm going to have to put him down . "
" Why ? , Because he 's cross-eyed ? "
" No , because he 's really heavy "
13 . Apparently , 1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese .
And there are 5 people in my family , so it must be one of them .
It 's either my mom or my dad ... or maybe my older brother Colin .
Or my younger brother Ho -Cha Chu .
But I 'm pretty sure it 's Colin .
14 . I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I could n't find any .
15 . I went to the butcher the other day and I bet him 50 bucks that he could n't reach the meat off the top shelf .
He said , " No , the steaks are too high . "
16 . A man became conscious in a hospital after a serious accident .
He shouted , " Doctor , doctor , I can't feel my legs ! "
The doctor replied , " I know you can't , I had to amputate your arms . "
17 . I went to a seafood disco party last week .... and pulled a mussel .
18 . Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly , but when they lit a fire in the craft it sank ; proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it too .
19 .
What do you call a fish with no eyes ?
A fsh .
************
NEW YORK -- American International Group Inc. faces yet another challenge as it seeks someone to succeed Edward M. Liddy as chief executive officer of the embattled company .
Finding the ideal candidate for that job may not be easy , analysts say .
The new chief will have to work to keep the company stable while leading it through its dismantling , all the while facing ongoing public and government scrutiny .
AIG last week announced that Mr. Liddy , CEO and chairman , would step down as soon as his replacement is found .
In addition , AIG said it would separate the CEO and chairman roles and would reconfigure its board so a majority of its members will be the six newly elected independent directors announced last week ( see box , page 20 ) .
The search will be conducted by the new board and the federally appointed trustees of the AIG Credit Facility Trust .
" Working with the board , Mr. Liddy has determined that , coincident with the reconfiguration of the board , the company should also initiate the necessary actions to install a more permanent team and structure , " AIG said in a statement .
Mr. Liddy , a former CEO of Allstate Corp. , came out of retirement to join AIG in September 2008 at a salary of $ 1 a year .
He was the insurer 's fifth chief executive since 1919 and its third in a year .
He took the position during the federal bailout in September 2008 by the Federal Reserve Board , replacing Robert B. Willumstad .
Mr. Willumstad had been installed as CEO in June 2008 after the ouster of former chief Martin J. Sullivan .
Mr. Sullivan replaced longtime chairman and CEO Maurice R. Greenberg in 2005 .
AIG 's only other chief has been company founder Cornelius Vander Starr .
Mr. Liddy said in a statement , " Much work remains to be done at AIG , but much has already been accomplished .
With the financial assistance of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the U.S. Department of the Treasury , we have made substantial progress in stabilizing AIG , reducing the systemic risk that led the government to rescue the company , protecting our policyholders and our businesses , and developing a plan to repay American taxpayers . "
Now , after being given access to more than $ 180 billion in federal aid , AIG has sold some assets and is looking to sell more .
In April , it announced plans to accelerate the spinoff of its property / casualty lines into a special - purpose vehicle , in preparation for the possible sale of a minority stake in the business .
AIG also continues to pursue the sale or spinoff of various other operations , including its foreign and domestic life insurance and aircraft leasing businesses , in an effort to repay federal assistance .
Observers say Mr. Liddy 's departure is not a surprise .
" He came in as an interim person , " said Cliff Gallant , an analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods Inc. in New York .
" He 's a good man and he clearly stepped into what he knew to be a very difficult situation , and I think he held handled it with about as much grace as you could have expected , " said Mr. Gallant .
The timing of Mr. Liddy 's departure is better than it would have been a few months ago , when the company was in a " day - to - day crisis mode , " said Jennifer Marshall , a senior financial analyst with Oldwick , N.J. - based A.M. Best Co. Inc .
Still , Mr. Liddy 's departure leaves the company with another challenge .
" The most important thing for the company is stability , and I think the sooner you get a permanent person who can lay out a vision for the company , the better , " Mr. Gallant said .
And finding a replacement as CEO may be difficult , given AIG 's situation , analysts say .
" You 're going to need somebody who 's had a unique set of experiences , " said John Wicher of John Wicher & Associates in San Francisco .
AIG " is going to need somebody who is forward - looking and inspiring and can re-energize the employees , the broker community and others that the AIG which they knew and loved is going to be reinvigorated , " said Mr. Wicher .
" The flip side is , because of the public ownership , you 're going to need someone who can navigate the very difficult politics of all of this , " as well as someone capable of unwinding nonstrategic assets and AIG 's large derivatives positions .
" Then you ask yourself , who in the world would want that job ? " said Mr. Wicher .
Bill Bergman , an analyst with Morningstar Inc. in Chicago , said , " They 're going to be looking for someone with good expertise and experience in restructuring , including the legal aspects of restructuring a large enterprise , " as part of the skill set of the new CEO .
Some names already have surfaced as possible candidates .
Mr. Gallant said he has heard AIG 's vice chairman and chief restructuring officer Paula Rosput Reynolds is a candidate .
" That makes sense .
She has an insurance background " and has led other industries as well , said Mr. Gallant .
Mr. Gallant said if the property / casualty operations are to remain an ongoing concern , " clearly , someone with an insurance background would make sense . "
The candidate need not necessarily come from the insurance industry , but could be someone from financial services who brings a " fresh look " to the company , said Mr. Wicher .
In addition , given the political pressure on AIG , " they 're going to want somebody who 's going to be user friendly in Washington , D.C. , " said Richard V. Smith , senior vp at Sibson Consulting , a wholly owned subsidiary of Segal Co. in New York .
Particularly for the chairman post , " Clearly , it 's going to be somebody with a lot of experience , who I think understands how Washington works , because I think the chairman is going to have to spend a lot of time with the U.S. government " as AIG 's shareholder , said Mr. Gallant .
John Challenger , CEO of Challenger , Gray & Christmas Inc. , an executive recruiting firm in Chicago , said AIG might decide to select a chairman who will act as the company 's " public face , " while hiring an insurance expert as CEO who will " be kept out of the public eye , if you could do that . "
However , Mr. Smith said , " I believe they probably already have their chairman , just have n't announced it , " and it is either one of the newly appointed board members or an existing board member .
" I do n't think there 'll be a dual search here , " he said .
An AIG spokeswoman had no comment .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran ’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday rejected a Western proposal for it to “ freeze ” its nuclear work in return for no new sanctions and ruled out any talks with major powers on the issue .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad listens to a question during a news conference in Tehran May 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
The comments by the conservative president , who is seeking a second term in a June 12 election , are likely to further disappoint the U.S. administration of President Barack Obama , which is seeking to engage Iran diplomatically .
The United States , Russia , China , France , Germany and Britain said in April they would invite Iran to a meeting to try and find a diplomatic solution to the nuclear row .
The West accuses Iran of secretly developing atomic weapons .
Iran , the world ’s fifth - largest oil exporter , denies the charge and says it only wants nuclear power to generate electricity .
Breaking with past U.S. policy of shunning direct talks with Iran , Obama ’s administration last month said it would join nuclear discussions with Tehran from now on .
Ahmadinejad proposed a debate with Obama at the United Nations in New York “ regarding the roots of world problems ” but he made clear Tehran would not bow to pressure on the nuclear issue .
“ Our talks ( with major powers ) will only be in the framework of cooperation for managing global issues and nothing else .
We have clearly announced this , ” Ahmadinejad said .
“ The nuclear issue is a finished issue for us , ” he told a news conference .
“ From now on we will continue our path in the framework of the ( U.N. nuclear watchdog ) agency . ”
He was asked about a so - called “ freeze - for - freeze ” proposal first put forward last year under which Iran would freeze expansion of its nuclear program in return for the U.N. Security Council halting further sanctions against Tehran .
NO COOPERATION WITH NORTH KOREA
Western diplomats say the proposal remains on the table and one such source said it was made clear in a meeting with Iran ’s chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili in Tehran on Sunday .
Ahmadinejad in April announced Iran had prepared its own proposals to end the stalemate and he said on Monday they would refer to Iran ’s opposition to weapons of mass destruction .
Obama has offered a new beginning of diplomatic engagement with Iran if it “ unclenches its fist , ” but Washington has not ruled out military action if diplomacy fails .
Last week , the U.S. president set a rough timetable for his diplomatic outreach to Tehran for the first time , saying he wanted to see serious progress by the end of the year .
Iran says it is ready for “ constructive ” talks but has repeatedly rejected demands to halt sensitive uranium enrichment which can have both civilian and military purposes .
Ahmadinejad , facing a challenge in the election from moderates advocating detente with the West , has made angry rhetoric against the United States and it allies his trademark since he came to power in 2005 .
He said Iran had no missile or nuclear cooperation with North Korea , after Pyongyang conducted a second and far more powerful nuclear test .
Former U.S. President George W. Bush branded both countries as part of an “ axis of evil . ”
“ In principle we oppose the production , expansion and the use of weapons of mass destruction , ” Ahmadinejad said .
Military experts say Iran ’s Shahab - 3 missile is based on the North Korean Nodong missile .
Tehran says Shahab - 3 has a range of 2,000 km ( 1,200 miles ) , which defense analysts say would put Israel and U.S. bases in the Gulf within reach .
Iran last week said it test - fired another missile -- Sejil 2 -- with a similar range .
Tarantino is the only American director shortlisted this year Quentin Tarantino 's World War II saga Inglourious Basterds is one of several major titles that will compete for the Cannes Film Festival 's top prize .
Others include Ken Loach 's Looking for Eric , starring French footballer Eric Cantona , and the latest films from Ang Lee , Pedro Almodovar and Jane Campion .
Twenty films will compete for the coveted Palme d'Or at this year 's event , which runs from 13 to 24 May .
Tarantino won the Palme d'Or in 1994 with his second film Pulp Fiction .
The 46 - year - old is the only American director in contention for the prize , won last year by French school drama The Class .
His latest work , in which Brad Pitt appears , tells of a group of Jewish - American soldiers sent to Germany to kill Nazis .
Comedy Loach 's inclusion in this year 's line - up marks the ninth time the veteran British director has been shortlisted for the Golden Palm .
The 73 - year - old won the prize in 2006 with his historical Irish drama The Wind That Shook the Barley .
Former footballer Eric Cantona plays himself in Loach 's Looking for Eric Looking for Eric tells of an obsessive football fan who receives spiritual advice from the former Manchester United star , who plays himself .
Loach is joined by another British filmmaker , Andrea Arnold , whose second feature Fish Tank will also compete for Cannes ' top honour .
Lee , previously shortlisted in 1997 for The Ice Storm , will return in May with Taking Woodstock , a comedy about the iconic 1969 rock festival .
Spanish director Almodovar , meanwhile , will present Broken Embraces , a thriller starring recent Oscar - winner Penelope Cruz .
New Zealand filmmaker Jane Campion has been shortlisted for her latest work Bright Star , about the 19th Century Romantic poet John Keats .
Fantasy British actor Ben Whishaw plays the leading role , with Australian actress Abbie Cornish as Fanny Brawne , the object of Keats ' affections .
Other leading filmmakers up for the Palme d'Or include Denmark 's Lars von Trier , Hong Kong 's Johnnie To , Austria 's Michael Haneke and Argentinian - born Gaspar Noe .
French actress Isabelle Huppert heads the jury for the 62nd festival , which will launch with a screening of Pixar animation Up. Terry Gilliam 's fantasy The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus - the film the late Heath Ledger was working on at the time of his death - will also screen out of competition .
The festival will close with Coco Chanel and Igor Stavinsky , a film about the relationship between the French designer and the Russian composer .
Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen - best known for his villainous turn in the James Bond film Casino Royale - takes the latter role .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Translated Monday 25 May 2009
India ’s North Eastern state of Manipur is paying a high price for its proximity to the notorious Golden Triangle .
A population of 2.4 million grapples with HIV / AIDS that stems out of a heroin addiction problem directly related to local poppy cultivation – Manipur has one of the highest per capita HIV + patients in India .
Cheap heroin , locally available has invariably contributed to the soaring number of HIV + cases in the state .
With a total land area of approximately 22 , 327 sq km , Manipur state , which shares its border with Myanmar , has one of the highest per capita HIV positive patients in India .
Brigadier Balbir Singh , Commander , 26 Sector of the Assam Rifles , a paramilitary unit of the Indian Army stationed in the region says : “ Most problems stem form poverty and insurgency , so easy money is always welcome .
The weather is conducive to poppy cultivators .
( Besides ) people here have to survive in the jungles and are unable to fight the army .
The Underground Groups ( UG ) , seeking independence from India , resort to poppy cultivation and extortion to fund terror activities .
Youngsters have more desires and their resistance to the lure of money is also weak , so they get sucked into these problems .
Poor economic structure is the best breeding ground for resistance movements . ”
Youth of the state have been hardest hit , with unemployment and lack of opportunities .
The high level of corruption has made matters worse for the youth , pushing them towards militancy or drugs , says B S Agnes ( 48 ) of Lamphoupasa village , 1.5 km from Chandel town .
“ Despite the fact that our children are qualified , they are asked to give a bribe of Rs 7 to10 lakh ( approx US $ 13,500 to $ 19,350 ) to get a civil job . ”
The Manipuris grapple with HIV / AIDS and a closely - related , spiraling heroin problem .
A major cause for the high incidence of HIV cases has been the widespread use and sharing of easily available heroin , a result of local poppy cultivation .
“ Intravenous Drug Users constitute 70 per cent of the HIV + population here , ” says T Issac Zou , Secretary of the Network of Chandel Positive People ( NCP + ) , a non-governmental organisation in Chandel district , South Manipur , one of the remotest and poorest districts .
“ Authorities are turning a blind eye to this problem .
Villages like Joupi , Khaimi and Chuchanpur are notorious for poppy cultivation .
Agencies operating in the area take cuts from the drug cultivators , so who will bell the cat ? ”
The National Aids Control Organisation ( NACO ) reveals that 1.67 % of the state ’s population is infected by HIV , a ratio much higher than the national average of 0.36 % .
Here , persons aged between 21 and 30 are at the highest risk , forming 43.10 % of the total persons living with HIV in the state .
Despite the alarming statistics , NACO , until now , had stopped funds to Manipur since June 2008 because of embezzlement issues .
The accounts office was burnt , and three accountants were booked under National Securities Act ( NSA ) in June 2008 .
Speaking from Delhi , Director General of NACO Sujatha Rao confirms , “ Yes , it ’s true .
Their accounts are not in shape , so we did n’t provide funds . ”
Rao adds ,
“ Their audit was not in place and three accountants were arrested too . ”
In March , after the author questioned the government body , funds were finally released to the people of Manipur .
“ If the rate of spread of the virus is not stopped , says Zou , then all those between 30 to 40 years of age will not survive in Manipur .
“ 15 - 20 % of pregnant women in Chandel district are HIV +.
Out of the 3,300 people targeted for ART , only 200 visit the district ’s only hospital , ” says Nungchandai , a 28 - year - old counselor at the ART Centre .
The reason behind this is , according to President of NCP +
President Donny Ngoni , that people expect something from NGOs – without that they fail to return , “ We need a supportive component to aid our programmes .
When the people go back empty - handed , they do n’t listen to us .
We need more help .
All we want to do is reduce the mortality rate .
We do n’t even have a proper office ; we wo n’t be able to sustain our project beyond 2010 . ”
“ When a person goes to the hospital , an X Ray machine is needed for investigation .
But that does n’t work .
The CD4 machine also is not working , a source reveals .
Then people have to go to Imphal , which is 65 km away , for treatment .
It takes them a day to get there and it costs money to travel , says another social worker .
In addition , none of the hospital staff wants to be posted in this remote district – they reach the hospital by 11 am and leave by 1 pm as they have to make it back to Imphal before dark , he adds .
Manipuris follow the matriarchal system , yet it is the womenfolk who suffer the most .
Many have lost their husbands to drugs , militancy and AIDS .
To make matters worse , a majority of the population is Roman Catholic , and condoms are not encouraged by local churches .
In Aigajana , a village 25 km from the Myanmar border , people have to depend on the security forces for medical care , even water .
Headman Onkhothang Haokip ( 70 ) who has lived there for 60 years says : “ We have to carry ill people on foot as there is no mode of transport . ”
And those infected with HIV have no choice but to trudge mountains before making it to the hospital .
Social worker
Zou who frequents these remote districts to counsel HIV + patients confirms our suspicions , “ It takes two days for people to reach the district hospital . ”
The situation has served as fertile grounds for some parties , enabling them to take advantage of marginalised groups .
The UGs have reigned minors in to cross - border arms and narco - trade , “ They kidnap villagers and force them to ferry arms or drugs across the border , ” says a member of the security forces .
UKLF General Secretary T L Jacob Thadou , a political science graduate , denies the involvement of his cadres ( approximately 300 ) but agrees that the heroin problem is destroying his people .
He claims , “ We banned poppy cultivation in 2006 .
It is cultivated in the more backward districts , where access is difficult . ”
And the cross - border drug trade thrives .
Indian security agencies continue to seize drugs and weapons being smuggled to Myanmar on a regular basis .
On February 16 , 2009 , troops of 20 Assam Rifles seized actephide tablets worth Rs 4 lakh ( approx $ 7,740 ) in the Indian market and four times more in the international market at a vehicle check post at Byongyang .
On January 2 , 2009 , the same paramilitary unit had seized 98 kg of opium from four individuals traveling on a bus plying between Imphal and Moreh .
Each kilogram of opium is worth Rs 1 lakh ( approx US $ 1,939 ) .
Villagers allege that the UKLF runs poppy plantations in the district along the border .
Incidentally , the group is also holding tripartite talks with the state and the central governments – there has been a suspension of arms struggle since 2005 .
So , the security forces have been advised not to use harsh methods on them as per the ceasefire mandate .
But Thadou retorts , “ Developmental schemes do n’t reach the villagers , as the money is siphoned off .
The government is using politics to divide our tribes , which is why we want our own Kuki nation . ”
Colonel Neeraj Shukla of 20 Assam Rifles says , “ This is a complex problem to tackle .
It is difficult for us to keep track of every part of the jungle – the areas are remote and the terrain treacherous .
The insurgent groups use the money from poppy cultivation to buy arms from Myanmar and Bangladesh .
The border can be infiltrated despite the presence of security forces ; it ’s impossible to monitor it 24 / 7 .
No border in the world is impregnable .
Last year , we apprehended insurgents with RDX and Thai - made weapons .
They had as much RDX as the 26/11 ( Mumbai ) attackers did .
This could prove disastrous if left unchecked . ”
This seemingly unbreakable cycle of drugs , poverty , terror and HIV / AIDS will continue to wreak havoc with the lives of the Manipuris until the state and the central governments decide to address these issues effectively through policies that benefit the people .
Dilnaz Boga
India
Determined to grasp victory , two warriors step onto an airfield unconcerned that a nearby military transport plane maneuvering to take off may disturb their encounter .
On the right is Rufus , a fighter whose undulating belly and spandex outfit masks his deadly potential .
On the left is Ryu , a wandering fighter from Japan who can toss enough fireballs to make Super Mario jealous .
He charges up and tosses one at Rufus to begin the fight .
Rufus counters with a flurry of punches .
There were ninety seconds on the clock , but they 're clicking away with every block , every connect and every second of fierce determination .
Yet the determination on Rufus ' face is nothing compared to that of the guy that 's literally pushing his buttons .
Justin Wong 's fingers fly across his arcade stick making Rufus flip and spin across an array of monitors .
Next to Wong is John Choi who jerks his arcade controller around in quarter circle after quarter circle to make Ryu throw an unending torrent of fireballs .
In reality , Wong and Choi can't throw fireballs or spin through the air pulling off dizzying hurricane kicks .
What they can do is play a video game better than just about everyone else in the country ; if not the world ( see a recording of this match ) .
To prove it , these two fighters and a few hundred fellow fighting game enthusiasts headed for the Phoenix Convention Center clutching custom arcade sticks last weekend for Devastation a video game tournament focused on fighting games where top players take home cash and fistfuls of glory .
" Fighting games are at their core , the most competitive games ever , " said Devastation Coordinator Robb " Jedirobb " Chiarini " It 's the first one [ type of game ] where you go head - to - head with another person to kick their butt .
For that not to have the spotlight at a competitive gaming event is a little funny . "
Devastation did have a few representatives from the first - person shooter ( Halo , Gears of War ) , sports ( Madden '09 ) and music simulation ( Rock Band World Tour ) genres of video games , but one - on - one virtual fights was what lined the tournament area 's seats with players .
To make sure there were enough brawls to go around , Devastation had tournaments for several fighting games including :
Chiarini said
Gootecks agrees with Wong 's point that just about anyone can pick up and play
Their geography may be different , but the commonality among all combatants was their desire to take home the top spot .
On the line ( in addition to their egos ) were cash prizes in amounts as high as $ 2,000 for Street Fighter IV , Guilty Gear XX Accent Core , Super Smash Bros .
Brawl , Tekken 6 and Guitar Hero World Tour .
Hold on .
$ 2,000 for playing a video game ?
Believe it .
If you speak with Robb Chiarini it 's not hard to see why .
Five years ago Devastation was a game tournament he ran out of his house .
Now it inhabits the Phoenix Convention Center and attracts hundreds of Gamers ; a word Chiarini is reluctant to use himself because in a society where the average gamer age is 35 and the Nintendo Wii has replaced your gym membership , the word ceases to be relevant .
" Back when I was a kid you had ' gamers ' , you had those weirdoes that would play games , " he said .
" Now it 's so mainstream .
How many people do you know that have a PlayStation , an Xbox or a Wii in their house ?
It 's Everybody . "
When a single female is nearby , female antbirds will sing over the songs of their male partners in an apparent attempt to keep their messages from getting through , according to a new report published online on March 12th in Current Biology .
Males respond to that interruption by singing a different tune .
The findings offer the first evidence that such " signal jamming " and " jamming avoidance " occur between mates , according to the researchers .
" In human terms , signal jamming is most commonly associated with attempts to scramble information in radio , radar , or cell phone signals , " said Joseph Tobias of the University of Oxford .
" The females in our study try to do a similar thing with the songs of their partner , but the overall situation is more analogous to a wife continually interrupting her husband to stop him from flirting with a single woman . "
Social animals produce a wide range of communal displays , many of them remarkable feats of complex coordination , the researchers said .
One example is the duets sung by pairs of Peruvian warbling antbirds .
So far , scientists have disagreed about how temporal coordination between displaying individuals evolved , some seeing it as a cooperative signal of coalition quality , others as a selfish means to avoid signal overlap .
According to the research team , the new study provides the first evidence that the avoidance of signal overlap is sufficient to explain the coordination and complexity of communal signals .
In a series of playback experiments , the team found that resident pairs of antbirds sing coordinated duets when responding to rival pairs .
But under other circumstances , cooperation breaks down , leading to more complex songs .
Specifically , they report that females respond to unpaired sexual rivals by jamming the signals of their own mates , who in turn adjust their signals to avoid the interference .
Tobias said the females ' attempts to jam their partners ' songs are presumably intended to make the males less attractive , or to make it clear that they are " taken . "
He added that the results in antbirds may have broad implications for understanding how communal signals have developed over evolutionary time in many animals , and perhaps even in humans .
First , Tobias said , the findings reveal that group signals such as duets and choruses represent a subtle blend of cooperation and conflict .
The balance between those two forces depends on the context .
Their study also suggests that if there is some conflict in the system , then multiple singers can combine to produce rhythmic , precisely coordinated , and increasingly complex songs simply by avoiding overlap .
" Most evidence points to vocalizations in early humans having a function in both mate attraction and resource defense , so it seems plausible that ' signal jamming ' and especially ' jamming avoidance ' played a role in our evolutionary history .
If so , our results may help to explain the first steps towards complex , coordinated group signals in humans , which themselves are the likely forerunners to modern music . "
The researchers Joseph A. Tobias , and Nathalie Seddon , are of University of Oxford , Oxford , UK .
Tags :
Simon Schubert uses paper creases and folds to create incredible works of art .
Simon Schubert a talented German artist , uses paper creases and folds to create incredible works of art .
“ Many of them think I ’ve used paint or pencil to create the affect of light and shade .
“ But when they realise the pictures are actually folded they are quite impressed . ”
Wikimedia has agreed to create a new section – a Wikipedia in the Egyptian Dialect .
This decision was the catalysis for a discussion across the Egyptian blogosphere .
Is it a good or a bad move , and is Egyptian and standalone language , or just a dialect of Arabic ?
Iknaton2 , from A Whisper , wrote here :
وافقت ويكيميديا على تخصيص
نطاق خاص لويكيبيديا باللغة المصرية بعد أن تقدم بعض مستخدمى الويكيبيديا بطلب إنشاء هذا النطاق على أساس أن اللغة المصرية لها مفردات وقواعد مختلفة عن اللغة العربية يستخدمها أكثر من 70 مليون !!
بالنظر لطلبات إنشاء ويكيبيديا بلغات / لهجات عربية مختلف ة
نجد عدة طلبات للهجات العربية مثل اللهجة السودانية ( ما زالت تُناقش ) واللهجة الجزائرية المغربية ( رُفضت بتاريخ 23 أبريل 2007 ) واللهجة اللبنانية ( رُفضت بتاريخ 7 نوفمبر 2007 ) .
موسوعة ويكيبيديا باللغة المصرية الآن تحتوى على 43 مقالة باللهجة العامية المصرية وهناك إقتراح من بعض مستخدمى ويكيبيديا العربية على غلق هذه الموسوعة على أساس أنه ليس هنا ك لغة إسمها لغة مصرية وهى مجرد لهجة مختلفة من لهجات العربي ة
Wikimedia has agreed to create a new domain for Wikipedia in the Egyptian language , after some Wikipedia users have submitted a request to create such domain claiming that the Egyptian language is a standalone language that has its own vocabulary and rules which are different from the Arabic language , and is spoken by more the 70 million people .
There have been various requests to create domains for different languages / dialects such as the Sudanese dialect ( the request currently is being discussed ) , the Algerian dialect ( the request was refused in the 23rd of April 2007 ) , and the Lebanese dialect ( the request was refused in the 7th of November 2007 ) .
The Egyptian Wikipedia currently contains 43 topics in the Egyptian slang , while there is a suggestion for the Arabic Wikipedia users to close the Egyptian section since they claim that the Egyptian is just an Arabic dialect and not a separate language .
Ahmad Gharbeia then commented on Iknaton2 ‘s post saying :
الشباب دول عندهم تصورات غير صحيحة عن تاريخ تطور اللغات القومية في أوربا و عاوزين يحاكو ال هم فهموه، متصورين أن دا أبدع مسار تاريخي ممكن !
عارف أنت النظرية الساذجة بتاع ت “ في البد ء كانت اللاتينية، ثم انفجرت ماسورة اللغا ت ”
و عندهم تصور أنا مختلف معه في فهم دور اللغة في دعم الهوية القومية كدافع للنهضة .
و برضو دا مبني على تصورهم تاريخ لغات أوربا .
و مش مقدرين ميزة أنك تقدر تتواصل مع جماعة أكبر بكتير من شوية الناس ال تصادف أنهم كانوا في منطقة جغرافية معينة في يوم ترسيم الحدود، و أثر دا على إنتاج و مراكمة المعرفة .
غرضهم كويس، لكنهم مش فاهمين .
مش هنخسر حاجة و يمكن نتعلم .
Those guys have a wrong perception about the development history of the national languages in Europe , and they want to imitate what they believe is the best way for languages to evolve !
You know , it is like that silly theory that claims that it was just the Latin language there , then it gave birth to all the other languages .
They also have a different perception about the role of languages to enforce people 's national identity and nations development .
And this is still related to their incorrect perception of the history of languages in Europe .
They do not feel the value of having a common language that facilitates the communication with more people , even more than those who happen to be in the same geographic area when countries borders were created .
And they also cannot see the effect of this on our accumulated knowledge and cultural products .
Their intention is good but they lack the knowledge and understanding .
Anyway , we have nothing to lose here and at least we may learn something from their experiment .
Lasto Adri reacted to Ikhnaton2 's post as follows :
أ نا إتضايقت اول ما قرأت موضوعك يا رام ى
ماكنتش متخيلة إ ننا نوصل للمرحلة دى من تدهور للغة العربي ة..
صحيح فى لهجا ت.. لكنها لهجات فى الكلام المنطوق.. وكفاية قوى إن المصرى ممكن مايفهمشى اللبنانى أو المغربى وهو بيتكل م.. وكان العامل المشترك بيبقى اللغة الفصح ى.. الوحيدة اللى الكل بيعرفها
تخيل الإختلاف فى اللغة كمان يبقى فى المكتوب..
و نبنى أجيال ج ديدة بتطالب بعربى مغربى وعربى صومالى … دا فعلا مهزل ة
بعدين دخلت ع الصفحة اللى بتطالب بإلغاء الفكرة لقيتها إتلغ ت
طب أعبر عن رفضى لمين دلوقتى ؟
I was really upset when I read your post , Rami .
I could n't imagine that our Arabic language is going to deteriorate to this level .
Although there are different dialects , but still they are just verbal ones , and it is enough that someday Egyptians will not be able to understand Lebanese or Moroccan people when they talk .
Traditional Arabic has always been the common language between us , and the one that we all understand easily .
Can you imagine what will happen after few generations when there will be Moroccan or Somali Arabic .
It 's a joke you know .
Anyway , I logged into the page where I can submit my disagreement to the idea , but it came out that it has been deactivated .
Whom shall I talk to now to show my refusal ?
Gharbeia then replied :
موضوع الفرق بين اللغة و اللهجة خلافي فعلا، لكن في موضوع اللهجات العربية المعاصرة فأغلب اللغويين ( و دول خواجات مش متاثرين بصراعات الأيديولوجيا بتاعتنا قوي ) شايفين أنها تنويعات على اللغة العربية صرفًا و نحوًا و مفرادت؛ لأنها ما عدّتش عتبة الفروقات ال تخليها لغات مختلفة .
( مش زي المالطية مثلا، ال برضوا أساسها عربي شمال أفريقي لكنها عدّت )
…
و أعتقد أن دا جزء من الموضوع ..أغلب مؤيدي العامية هم قوميين مصريين أو قوميين أقباط ( ما يفرقوش عن ال قبلهم غير أنهم مسيحيين ) ، و الاثنين شوفينيين و عندهم مشاكل في رؤية التاريخ و مفهوم مصر كدولة، و مفاهيم العروبة الثقافي ة| اللغوي ة| الإثنية .
لكنهم مشتركين في تأثرهم بدور الانحطاط الحضاري ال احنا عايشينه، و هي دي الأوقا ت ال تزيد فيها الدعوا ت ال زي دي، مدعومة برواج خرافات أصول اللغات و النقاء العنصري ( مصري و للا عربي ) ، بصي في المدونات و أنت تلاقي منها كثير .
The differences between languages and dialects is a source of huge debates , but when it comes to modern Arabic , most of the linguistics – who are by the way non Arabs , and are not affected by our ideological debates – believe that the variations in vocabulary and grammar between the Arabic dialects spoken nowadays are not enough to make them languages , which is somehow different than the Maltese , for example , which was based on the Arabic spoken in North Africa but it 's a standalone language now .
I think that most of those who are with the Egyptian language are Egyptian and Coptic Nationalists and chauvinists who have problems in understanding the history of Egypt and its value as a state , and they also fail to understand ideologies such as ethnic , lingual and cultural pan-Arabism .
They are affected by the cultural degradation we are now suffering from , and in such an era , calls like those are more common .
These are calls that are also affected by the lack of understanding of the origin and evolution of languages , and their relation with our ethnic and national identity .
Have a look in the Egyptian blogosphere and you will find tons of such ideas there .
Then Bella added :
اولا مافيش حاجة اسمها لغة مصري ة
فيه حاجة اسمها لهجة عامية مصري ة
…
شوفينية غير مقبولة وفي غير محلها كالعاد ة
نرجو الا يتم اغتيال العربية الفصحى على يد ابناء مجمع اللغة العربية لنضيف خيبة جديدة لخيباتنا المتكررة .
First of all there is nothing called the Egyptian language .
There is an Egyptian dialect instead .
This is an unacceptable chauvinism .
And I hope that we do not murder our own Arabic language someday , to add one more disappointment to our ongoing disappointments .
Also Zeinobia wrote a separate post about the same issue :
I am totally against the new Egyptian dialect Wikipedia , now we got our localized version of Wikipedia , we got our own Egyptian dialect Wikipedia and I am sorry to say that it sucks .
Seriously it is ridiculous , I read in it some entries and I was shocked .
Look I do not know why people do not contribute more to the Original Arabic Wikipedia if they can spend hours contributing to the Egyptian dialect Wikipedia .!!??
May be they hate the Arabic grammar rules !!??
Well then I have a nice suggestion , I do not know if it is available or not but we can add spell and grammar checker to Arabic Wikipedia .
I do not know what the next will be ; a PortSaidi or Upper Egyptian dialect Wikipedia !!??
Such debate was n't limited to the blogosphere only , but it spread out to Jaiku .
Tarek ( Myself ) wrote :
ويكيبيديا بقت باللهجة المصرية … تفتكرو ديه حاجة حلوة ولا وحشة؟ و ليه ؟
Wikipedia is now in the Egyptian dialect .
Do you think this is a good or bad thing ?
And why ?
Then Alaa ( Manalaa ) replied :
That was a big controversy in Wikimania Alexandria , lots of under the table politics .
IMO it 's an insignificant project that 's bound to fail .
so not very important to think about anyway .
and while fragmentation might sound like a bad idea the reality is most probably those who contribute to the “ Egyptian ” Wikipedia where not going to contribute to the Arabic one anyway .
Lasto Adri responded :
Even if its a limited project .. still its there .. and you can underestimate it now .. but tomorrow , it might me a different case .
Alaa reacted :
lol u guys are overreacting the benefits of having a unified language across the arab world are so high , no need to feel threatened .
if you 're so worried about it do something , go help with arabic wikipedia and make the best source of knowledge there is in the arab world .
that 's the best way to insure that your children will know fos7a and like it too .
And Moftasa had a different point of view there :
Think of it as a more intuitive scratch pad for developing articles in formal Arabic .
So I might write an article in Egyptian dialect because , for me , it will consume less energy and time to write .
Someone else might decide to contribute to it or transfer the information in it to the formal Arabic wiki .
Exactly like what happens between the different Wikipedia languages .
Tarek then asked another question :
طب خلوني أسأل سؤال تاني … فبعيد عن ويكيبيديا … أنا شايف إن فيه رأيين سواء في ويكيبيديا أو في المدونات أو حتى في قناة زي أو تيفي … فيه ناس شايف ة
إ ننا مصريين و لاز م
نعتز بلهج تنا المصرية و إن اللغة العربية لم تتطور منذ ألف و ربعميت سنة و حرام نربط نفسنا بلغة فقدت القدرة على التطور كباقي اللغات خاصة أن لا أحد في الواقع يتحد ث بها و هذه الدعوة عادة يتبناها الليبراليين و العلمانيين و يمكن كمان الأقباط … و في المقابل هناك دعوة يتبناها الإسلاميين و القوميين من أجل الحفاظ على اللغة العربية لإنها تربطنا بالوطن العربي الكبير و لما لها من إرتباط بإرثنا الثقافي و الديني و دول شايفين إن فكرة التخلي عن اللغة العربية من الممكن أن تضعف هويتنا الثقافية و تبعد المسافات بين الدول العربي إل خ
…
إنتو بقى مع أنهي رأي ؟
Let me ask another question .
Away from Wikipedia , I can see that we have two points of view out there , either in Wikipedia , or in Blogs , or even in a satellite channel like O - TV .
Some may claim that we are Egyptian and that we have to be proud of our own dialect , and that the Arabic language has failed to evolve in the last 1400 years , and it is really useless to bond ourselves to a language that was n't capable of evolving like any other language in the word .
And those who hold such claim are mainly liberals , secular and Copts .
While on the other hand others – Islamists and Pan - Arabists – believe that we have to protect traditional Arabic , because it facilitates our communication with other Arabs and it also is links us to our cultural and religious heritage , and they believe that abandoning the traditional Arabic language may affect our identity and widen the gaps between Arabs .
So who point of view do you agree with more ?
Lasto Adri replied :
انا لا قومية ولا لبرالية ولا حتى إسلامية … هذا والله أعل م
…
بس شايفة إننا ماشيين على مبدأ “ فرق تسد ” ومش قادريين نفكر صح
بس كد ة
As far as I know , I am neither Liberal nor Islamist .
But I think that we are moving towards an era of “ Divide and Conquer ” and we really cant realize that .
That 's it
And Alaa added :
أ نا شايف ان فيه قلة من الناس اللي صوتها عالي في فريقين هما اللي مخليين الاختيارات كده
فيه ناس كثير قوي بتستمتع بشعر عامي و تقرأ أدب بالفصحى من غير ما ده يبقى تعبير عن انفصام في الشخصي ة
العامية لهجة و لا لغة و مدى و طبيعة علاقتها بالفصحى دي أسئلة علمية مش أسئلة سياسية .
و أي كانت الاجابة الناس مش هتبطل تعبر عن نفسها بالعامي ة
يبقى العامية باقي ة
في نفس الوقت الفوائد الاقتصادية من وجود لغة موحدة ما بين بلاد المنطقة عالية جدا و الثقافة و الفن و الاعلام بيعبروا الحدود العربية بتزايد
يعني بغض النظر عن قرائتك لتاريخنا في الألفية اللي فاتت الفصحى باقية برضه ( و من غير حتى ما نحتاج نتكلم عن تأثير الدين في الموضوع ) و مش صحيح أنها مش بتطور هي بس تطورها مواكب لباقي تطورنا الحضاري مش سابقه و ده عادي يعني مش مستغرب .
فيه بقى اعتبارات عملية و تنموية و اقتصادية و اعتبارات ثانية فنية و ثقافية و كلها أهم بكثييييير من الحوار الخنيق عن هل هويتنا عربية أم مصري أم بشرط ة
I think that there are few ones in the two team who have the louder voice and those who make us see it that way .
Some people out there may listen to poems written in Egyptian dialect and read novels written in traditional Arabic , yet this has nothing to do with their ideologies .
People will never stop using the Egyptian dialect .
It will last forever .
Also there are huge economical benefits of having a common language among all Arabs , so it will last forever too .
I also do not agree with you that Arabic does n't evolve , it evolves but its evolution is in resonance with our civil evolution .
There are plenty of economical , scientific , and other matters that are more important than our debate whether we are Arabs or Egyptians .
And finally , Tarek wrote :
أ نا معاك يا علاء … فأكيد مش كل إل بيدون باللغة العامية ليبرالي ممكن يكون شعبوي على رأي بلو و برضه مش كل إل بيقول شعر بالفصحة له توجهات قومية أو إسلامية … بس ميمنع ش إننا صعب نفصل هويتنا عن لغتنا و ميمنعش برضه إن فيه ناس بتفضل الفصحى على العامية أو العكس لإعتبارات أيديولوجية مش لمجرد الإستسهال أو التعود .
دعني أختلف معك في نقطة أن اللغة العربية تتطور …
فكلنا يعلم أن هناك بعض القواعد النحوية كالرفع و النصب و الجر و اللغوية مثل المثني و
نون النسوة و ما إلى ذلك لم تعد مناسبة للعصر الحالي و الدليل أن جل اللهجات العربية تخلصت من تلك القواعد لكننا في اللغة العربية لم نستطع تحريرها من تلك القواعد حتى لا نبتعد عن لغة القرآن … و أيضا لأنه لا أحد يتحدث بها في حياته اليومية فإن أي مصطلح جديد يدخ ل في اللغة يدخل عن طريق مجامع اللغة و هو عكس المفترض في أي لغة حية يكون تتطورها نابع من الناس و ينتهي إلي المعامل و ليس العكس …
ففي اللغة الإنجليزية مثلة تدخل مصطلحات مثل جوجل بمعني البحث و روبوت بمعني إنسان ألي نتيجة تطبيق أو كتاب خيال علمي يتداوله الناس أما هنا فلا وجود لهذا التطور لأننا حصرنا لغتنا في المعامل و خلف الجدران الأكاديمي
I am with you , for sure not all those who blog in the Egyptian dialect are liberals , and also not all those who write poems in traditional Arabic are Pan - Arabists or Islamists .
But we can't deny that some may prefer to use one more than the other based on their ideologies and not only based on the one they find easier .
And let me disagree with you about the evolution of Arabic as a language .
We all know that some grammatical rules in Arabic are outdated and not acceptable nowadays , and this can be seen where the current dialects have abandoned them .
But it is hard to liberate the Arabic language from such rules since we do not want it to be shifted away from the one the Quraan was written in .
And also in our daily lives when we need to invent a new word it has to pass through language authorities first , which is the opposite to what happen in other languages where the evolution starts from the people and ends in the lab and not the other way round .
In the English language , for example , words like “ to Google ” , and “ robot ” where invented based on a web application or science - fiction books , while here any evolution is only limited to labs and academies .
Welcome to Child Discipline Help !
We believe that better behavior begins with better parenting ... and we 're here to provide you with the information , advice , and tools that you need to be the best parent you can be !
It 's our hope that we can help you to establish a discipline regimen that is firm , fair , consistent , and structured ... and with these elements in place , you 're sure to see improved behavior !
• Is your style of discipline proving ineffective ?
• Has behavior management become a full - time job ?
• Are you ready to recapture the joy of parenting ?
If you are an overwhelmed parent in search of " the light at the end of the tunnel , " then search no more … you may have just found it !
Our Mission ?
Providing effective discipline to a difficult or defiant child is an undoubtedly daunting task - one that requires a great deal of patience , resourcefulness , and determination .
Children are naturally skilled at pushing our buttons and testing our limits – often to the breaking points of their parents .
As a result , OUR MISSION is to help parents master the art of child and teen discipline .
We hope to empower parents and to help them improve the behavior of their children through the use of our website and through the implementation of our unique and proven child discipline products .
What do we have to offer ?
We offer a simple and affordable in - home behavior program for children and teens .
This program is highly effective and is available as a book or as a download .
We offer prewritten , downloadable behavior contracts ( and other parenting tools ) that can be used to establish firm limits and clear boundaries with school - aged children and teens .
We even have a downloadable agreement for parents that have an adult child still living at home !
We offer a number of parenting articles which provide behavior management advice , child discipline tips , and intervention ideas .
We even offer a valuable set of FREE therapeutic worksheets for children and teens !
If you are ready to reach your parenting potential and to put an end to your child 's bad behavior … then you 've come to the right place for help !
• Regain the authority you once had with your child .
• Become a more confident and effective parent .
• Establish well - defined limits and expectations for your child .
• Become the discipline savvy parent you 've always wanted to be .
• Eliminate negative behaviors and attitudes once and for all .
We 're not just here to help you with the above parenting goals - we are here to help you once again ENJOY the experience of parenting !
Take a look around !
Along with our downloadable parenting products , we also offer lots of free parenting tools , behavior management and child discipline advice , and a wealth of information related to parenting and child behavior .
Smileyland.com : Great Blue Hole - Belize
The Great Blue Hole as seen from Space
Discovering the Blue Hole , Belize Barrier Reef
The Great Blue Hole is a large underwater sinkhole off the coast of Belize .
It lies near the center of Lighthouse Reef , a small atoll 62 miles
from the mainland and Belize City .
The hole is circular in shape , over
984 ft across and 410 ft deep .
It was formed as a limestone cave system
during the last glacial period when sea levels were much lower .
As the ocean
began to rise again , the caves flooded , and the roof collapsed .
Believed to be
the world�s largest feature of its kind , the Great Blue Hole is part of the
larger Belize Barrier Reef Reserve System .
From
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/228181/zen-of-python
Tells you what is Zen of Python
Actually this is enough to print the Truth :
import this
Loop version from http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3559124/dissecting-a-line-of-obfuscated-python
A man posing as a modelling agent has been charged with sexually assaulting a young woman following a fake " job interview " at a licensed premises in Sydney 's CBD .
The 22 - year - old woman organised to meet the 35 - year - old man through an online social networking site with the intention of getting modelling work , police said .
At a licensed premises on Tankstream Way on Tuesday , the man allegedly used a false company name while pretending to represent a modelling agent , they said .
After the pair consumed a small amount of alcohol , the man took the woman to an office building on Hunter Street , where he allegedly showed her printouts of the company he claimed to represent .
He then allegedly sexually assaulted her on the floor of the office , police said .
Thailand seeks to mediate peace talks between Burma ’s ruling junta and the Karen ethnic group that it ’s been trying to wipe out for 60 years .
Norway , meanwhile , hopes to heal the rift between warring Karen factions .
When we think of the face of the opposition to Burma ’s ruthless ruling junta , Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi usually comes to mind .
Now in her fourteenth year of on - again , off - again house arrest , she emerged as a national leader when thousands of protesting students and monks were mowed down by the junta on August 8 , 1988 .
The 8888 Uprising , as it came to be known , was reprised , if on a lesser scale , in 2007 when over 100 civilians and monks were killed during the “ Saffron Revolution . ”
But the SPDC ( State Peace and Development Council — the predictably Orwellian type of name that dictatorships tend to adopt ) faces another insurrection in Burma , one with which the West is less familiar .
Minority groups have been battling to establish their own states — not to mention escape ethnic cleansing — for years .
Eventually , cease - fire agreements with the junta were signed by all , except for the Shans and the Karens .
The Karens , the largest such group , inhabit the Burma - Thailand border region , as well as the Irrawaddy delta , the part of Burma hardest hit by Cyclone Nargis .
They ’re waging a war against what they call the three A’s — annihilation , absorption , and assimilation — in the form of the Karen National Union ( KNU ) and its armed wing , the Karen National Liberation Army ( KNLA ) .
In fact , just entering its seventh decade , it ’s the world ’s longest - running war for independence .
However , continually outnumbered by the Burmese army and riven by internal division , it ’s showing its age .
Why has n’t the junta finished them off then ?
Apparently the Burmese army , plagued by corruption , poor morale , and desertion , ca n’t seem to summon the resources to go in for the kill .
In fact , KNU vice chairman and spokesperson David Thackrabaw told us that the Burmese army is a “ paper tiger . ”
He added , “ In a way , the struggle is a stalemate .
We can see our situation half full or half empty .
…
For the death of one Karen guerilla , 20 SPDC soldiers die . …
In three years time , SPDC have suffered 6,000 casualties . ” [ Unconfirmed . ]
Reduced to fielding an army that compensates for its weaknesses with numbers , it would be natural for the junta to seek a ceasefire .
But the last time both sides agreed to stop fighting , in 2004 , the junta took advantage of the occasion to reinforce its front lines .
The primary reason the junta seeks ceasefire talks is to pave the way for the entire country to participate in next year ’s elections .
The junta hopes that by making a token attempt at democracy it can convince the West to ease the sanctions it ’s imposed on Burma and re-open economic relations .
But , writes the Karen insurgency ’s most stalwart chronicler , Daniel Pedersen , “ If they cannot bring the country ’s largest ethnic minority into the fold , their chances of selling legitimacy on the back these elections are slim , to say the least . ”
Still , the junta already receives assistance in economic development from China , as well as Thailand , not to mention , the KNU alleges , European interests trying to dodge economic sanctions .
Even before elections and open economic relations with the West come to pass , ensuring the success of these projects provides plenty of incentive for all parties concerned to neutralize the KNU and KNLA .
For example , the junta has begun to construct the first of a number of dams on the untamed Salween River , which slices through Karen territory .
The Salween , with 80 species of endangered fish and animals , was designated a World Heritage Site five years ago .
But , from another point of view , it offers the prospect of employment , as well as hydroelectric energy , for the Karens , right ?
Not exactly .
The first problem that the dam presents , Pedersen tells us , is that “ it requires building a road to bring construction in .
The roads in themselves are a form of oppression in themselves .
Crossing a road in Karen State is a bloody big deal — you can very easily find yourself shot . ”
They ’re strictly for the use of the junta , which uses the road roads “ to sectionalize areas of Karen State ” and service base camps .
As for jobs , sure , they ’re provided for the Karens — if you consider this employment :
“ The SPDC picks a village easily taken and then establishes a base camp , ” explains Pedersen .
“ The village head will be told there are so many people required for labor efforts . ”
But the workers are n’t paid , nor even fed , and “ they are often first forced to build a bamboo compound in which they are locked at night . ”
The point that turning a people into slave labor provides them with little incentive to sign a treaty seems lost on the junta .
As for the dams , they ’ll not only be of no benefit to the Karens , but to any citizens of Burma .
In fact , they ’re intended to provide electricity to Thailand and China .
Worst of all , explains Pedersen , by “ signing deals for years in advance , ” the 12 generals of the junta become “ time bandits . ”
This project , however unsavory , along with other deals such as for deep sea ports , is obviously enough to motivate Thailand to mediate the latest round of ceasefire talks .
Besides ,
Thailand is the current chairman of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the country could use an image makeover after the way it ’s been treating its own protesters , not to mention the Rohingya boat people .
Worse in a way , Thailand has been averting its gaze as the junta sends the DKBA across the border into Thailand , where it attacks Karen refugees .
The DKBA , or Democratic Karen Buddhist Army ( its use of “ Buddhist ” is even more Orwellian than the SPDC ’s use of “ State ” and “ Peace ” ) , splintered off the KNU and , bought off by the junta , preys on its own people .
When a people turns on its own people , the tendency is to attribute it to ancestral rivalries .
But , according to Pedersen , DKBA ’s members turned on the KNU either to profit from business with the junta or simply to hold on to their livelihoods and keep their families from becoming refugees .
Nevertheless , an attempt is under way to graft the KNU and DKBA back together again .
The Karens used to host hunts for important Norwegians , who are now returning the favor and offering to chair peace talks between the warring factions .
Even though the DKBA has assassinated key members of the KNU , possibly including its revered general secretary Mahn Sha in February 2008 , the KNU is willing to attempt a reconciliation .
Should that come to pass , a new improved KNU would hold a stronger hand than it previously has in talks with the junta .
As the world ’s longest - running insurgency , the Karens may think they ’ve proven that they can outlast the junta .
But the junta , in office since 1962 , is nearly as enduring .
Though once talks begin , it ’s not hard to understand why the KNU might stick to one of their founding principles and an avowed non-negotiable — retaining their arms .
Under the circumstances , would n’t you ?
Cross-posted from Huffington Post ’s World section .
What Happens When Your Local Paper Goes Online - Only ?
It Loses Most of Its Staff .
Conventional wisdom is that if today ’s newspapers want to survive , they ’re going to have to ditch their printing presses , delivery trucks , and most of their staff , and learn to do more with less in an online - only world .
OK .
But exactly how much less ?
I ’ve been asking Mark Josephson that question for months , and now he has an answer .
Josephson , the CEO of local news platform Outside .in , figures the local , online - only newspaper of tomorrow , for a decent - sized city , will have a staff of 20 people .
That ’s 20 people , period .
Perhaps six of them will be “ news gatherers . ”
Josephson was kind enough to model his future newspaper in a spreadsheet for me , and I ’ll get to that in a minute .
But first , the context .
Josephson ’s opinion is worth noting because his company is supposed to play a role in creating said future newspaper / news site .
The pitch : Outside .
in wants to help local news sites by supplying them with a river of extra content created by local bloggers , Twitterers and lots of people who do n’t even think of themselves as content creators , like people who post real estate listings .
The local site is supposed to aggregate and filter the stuff and sell ads on it .
The people supplying the content get more exposure via links from the bigger site .
The three - year - old company has just rolled out a new tool that ’s supposed to make all of this easier for local publishers , which could be a newspaper site but does n’t have to be .
For instance , the company has tested its “ Outside.in for Publishers ” offering with sites run by local TV stations .
You can read more about it here .
Now back to Josephson ’s news site of the future :
He imagines that the tiny editorial staff of the model newspaper produces an extraordinary number of page views – 40 million per month , in this example–and then augments it with twice as many page views from a third - party network ( which could be , but does n’t have to be , supplied by Outside .in ) .
A sales force of a dozen people sells ads for both buckets of inventory , and uses ad networks to fill in remnant space they do n’t sell .
Net result : A very healthy 43 percent operating margin , much better than the 27 percent margins the newspaper industry enjoyed from 2000 through 2007 , before the business imploded .
Here ’s what the math looks like : I ’ve broken up the P&L into three sections , and clicking on each of them will enlarge the image .
Or you can view the whole thing as a Google document here .
Josephson stresses that his model is a starting point , and he ’s happy to tweak any of the inputs .
If you think his assumptions about ad rates are too aggressive ( and some local publishers I ’ve talked have given me that feedback ) , you could knock them down .
Same thing with page view goals .
Or if you decided you wanted to run the business at break - even instead of trying to make a profit , you could do that too , and see how many more people you could afford to hire .
But no matter how you fiddle with the numbers , there ’s no way that Josephson ’s model gets you anywhere close to old newspaper staffing levels , whereby a paper like the Seattle Post - Intelligencer employed 150 people on the editorial side alone .
But those staffing levels do n’t work anymore , which is why Hearst shut down the paper and replaced it with the online - only Seattle PI.com , which has a 20 - person edit staff , earlier this year .
So Josephson ’s numbers really become an ink - blot test :
Do you think they spell doom for news sites in the Web age or an optimistic solution that lets them survive ?
Let me know in comments below .
Price $ 25.00 $ 25.00
User Rating
Our ranking 1 2
Easy to install
Free software Upgrade Yes Yes
Easy to use
Help Document Yes Yes
User Guide
How to convert DVD to video
How to convert DVD to video
Key Features Convert all popular video files to AVI and convert video to audio for Mac OS X users .
Convert almost any video to AVI .
Additional functions ( 1 ) Trim Video .
( 2) Crop Image .
( 3) Merge Video into one file .
( 4) Support the most popular players .
( 5) Various video and audio settings .
( 6) Customize output files properties .
( 7 ) Preview output file .
( 1) Trim Video and Audio .
( 2) Crop Image .
( 3) Merge Video and Audio into one file .
( 4) Customize output files properties .
( 5 ) Preview output file .
( 6) Convert almost any video to AVI .
( 7) Fastest Conversion Speed .
Requirement * MAC OS X or above operating system
* At least 512 M physical RAM .
* 1G Hz Intel or Power PC processor or above .
* At least one DVD - ROM .
* 1024*768 resolution display or higher .
OS Supported :
* Windows NT4/2000/2003 / XP and Windows Vista
Hardware Requirements :
* 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Acupuncture brought more relief to people with back pain than standard treatments , whether it was done with a toothpick or a real needle , U.S. researchers said on Monday in a study that raises new questions about how acupuncture works .
A woman receives facial acupuncture at the Beautyworld Japan trade fair in Tokyo May 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
For many patients , that benefit lasted for a year , the team reported in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
“ Our study shows that you do n’t need to stick needles into people to get the same effect , ” said Dr. Daniel Cherkin of Group Health Center for Health Studies in Seattle , who led the study .
“ Historically , some types of acupuncture have used non-penetrating needles .
Such treatments may involve physiological effects that make a clinical difference , ” Karen Sherman of Group Health , who worked on the study , said in a statement .
The team , wanted to study the effects of different types of acupuncture in a large , carefully controlled study of 638 patients with chronic low back pain .
They divided patients into several groups .
One got seven weeks of standardized acupuncture treatment known to be effective in back pain .
Another group got an individually prescribed acupuncture treatment .
A third group was treated using a toothpick in a needle guide tube that did not pierce the skin as regular acupuncture does , but targeting the correct acupuncture “ points ” .
A fourth group just got standard medical treatment , which included medication and physical therapy .
After eight weeks , 60 percent of the patients who got any type of acupuncture reported significant improvement in their ability to function compared with those who got standard medical care alone .
But there was no significant difference in the pain relief people got from the acupuncture using needles or from toothpicks .
The researchers said there is some evidence that even needles were used 2,000 years ago in acupuncture treatment , and some imaging studies have shown that “ superficial and deep needling of an acupuncture point elicited similar blood oxygen level - dependent responses , ” the team wrote .
Another study even found that lightly touching the skin can induce some emotional and hormonal reactions , which could explain the benefit , they wrote .
Or , it may simply be the experience of visiting an acupuncturist for treatments that helps .
Regardless of how it worked , they said acupuncture appears to be a relatively safe and painless way of easing an aching back , especially when traditional medicine alone fails .
One thing that makes
Perl different from many other languages is that it has a rather small collection of core commands .
There are only a few hundred commands in Perl itself , so the rest of its functionality comes from its rich collection of modules , many of which are distributed via the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network ( CPAN ) .
When CPAN first came on the scene , it preceded many modern package management systems , including Debian ’s Advanced Packaging Tool ( APT ) and Ruby ’s gem system , among others .
As a consequence of its rich history , the CPAN Shell is relatively simplistic by today ’s standards , yet still continues to get the job done quite well .
Unfortunately , there are two issues with CPAN :
Packages are distributed as source code which is built on individual machines when installing or upgrading packages .
Since packages must be re-built on every machine that installs it , the system is prone to breaking and wastes CPU time and other resources .
( The CPAN Testers system is a great way module authors can try to mitigate this risk , though . )
Due to wide variation in packages , many packages cause problems with the host operating system in terms of where they install files , or expect them to be installed .
This is because CPAN does not ( and cannot ) know every environment that packages will be installed on .
It does not integrate nicely with package managers
The standard CPAN Shell is not designed to remove modules , only install them .
Removals need to be done manually , which is prone to human error such as forgetting to clean up certain files , or breaking other installs in the process .
It cannot possibly know the policies that govern the various Linux flavours or Unices .
This means that packages might be installed where users do not expect , which violates the Principle of Least Surprise .
It is a separate ecosystem to maintain .
When packages are updated via the normal means ( eg , APT ) , packages installed via CPAN will be left alone ( ie , not upgraded ) .
Here is the real problem : packages installed via CPAN will be left alone .
This means that if new releases come out , your system will retain an old copy of packages , until you get into the CPAN Shell and upgrade it manually .
If you ’re administrating your own system , this is n’t a big problem — but it has significant implications for collections of production systems .
If you are managing thousands of servers , then you will need to run the upgrade on each server , and hope that the build does n’t break ( thus requiring your , or somebody else ’s , intervention ) .
One of the biggest reasons to select Debian is because of one of its primary design goal : to be a Universal Operating System .
What this means is that the operating system should run on as many different platforms and architectures as possible , while providing the same rich environment to each of them to the greatest extent possible .
So , whether I ’m using Debian GNU / Linux x86 or Debian GNU / kFreeBSD x64 , I have access to the same applications , including the same Perl packages .
Debian has automated tools to build and test packages on every architecture we support .
The first thing I ’m going to say is : if you are a Debian user , or a user of its derivatives , there is absolutely no need for you to create your own packages .
None .
Just do n’t do it ; it ’s bad .
Avoid it like the goto statement , mmkay ?
If you come across a great CPAN package that you ’d really like to see packaged for Debian , then contact the Debian Perl Packagers ( pkg - perl ) team , and let us know that you ’d like a package .
We currently maintain well over a thousand Perl packages for Debian , though we are by no means the only maintainers of Perl packages in Debian .
You can do this easily by filing a Request For Package ( RFP ) bug using the command : reportbug wnpp .
On - screen prompting will walk you through the rest , and we ’ll try to package the module as quickly as possible .
When we ’re done , you ’ll receive a nice e-mail letting you know that your package has been created , thus closing the bug .
A few days of waiting , but you will have a package in perfect working condition as soon as we can create it for you .
Moreover , you ’re helping the next person that seeks such a module , since it will already be available in Debian ( and in due time it will propagate to its derivatives , like Ubuntu ) .
All 25,000 +
Debian packages meet the rigorous requirements of Debian Policy .
The majority of them meet the Debian Free Software Guidelines ( DFSG ) , too ; the ones which are not considered DFSG - free are placed in their own repository , separate from the rest of packages .
A current work in progress is machine - parseable copyright control files , which will hopefully provide a way for administrators to quickly review licensing terms of all the software you install .
This is especially important for small - and medium - sized businesses without their own intellectual property legal departments to review open source software , which is something that continues to drive many businesses away from using open source .
For the impatient , note this well : packages which are not maintained by Debian are not supported by Debian .
This means that if you install something using a packaging tool ( we ’ll discuss these later ) or via CPAN , then your package is necessarily your own responsibility .
In the unlikely event that you totally break your system installing a custom package , it ’s totally your fault , and it may mean you will have to restore an earlier backup or re-install your system completely .
Be very careful if you decide to go this route .
A few days waiting to ensure that your package will work on every platform you ’re likely to encounter is worth the couple days of waiting for a package to be pushed through the normal channels .
The Debian Perl Packaging group offers its services freely to the public for the benefit of our users .
It is much better to ask the volunteers ( preferably politely ) to get your package in Debian , so that it passes through the normal testing channels .
You really should avoid making your own packages in a vacuum ; the group is always open to new members , and it means your package will be reviewed ( and hopefully uploaded into Debian ) by our sponsors .
But the thing about all rules is that there are always exceptions .
There are , in fact , some reasons when you might want to produce your own packages .
I was discussing this with Hans Dieter Pearcey the other day , and he has written a great follow - up blog post about the primary differences between dh - make - perl and cpan2dist , two packaging tools with a similar purpose but very different design goals .
Another article is to follow this one , where I will discuss the differences between the two .
A Sun Microsystems sign is pictured at the company 's headquarters in Santa Clara , California March 18 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Sun Microsystems
Inc killed development of an advanced server chip it hoped would leapfrog its technology past rivals IBM and Intel Corp , the New York Times reported , citing people familiar with the matter .
Officials with Sun , the world ’s No. 4 maker of computer services , declined comment on the report about the abandoned chip project , which Sun has dubbed Rock .
Sun , which has agreed to sell itself to software giant Oracle Corp for about $ 7 billion , had invested more than five years and billions of dollars in the project , according to the newspaper .
It had hoped to use the home - brewed chips in new machines , rather than ones from Japan ’s Fujitsu Ltd , which now run the bulk of its high - end servers .
News of the chip ’s demise came after Oracle Chief Executive Larry Ellison recently said he planned to boost investment in developing Sun ’s server chips after he closes the acquisition .
Rock had been scheduled to start shipping last year , but was delayed several times as Sun engineers discovered glitches , according to the New York Times report , which said its sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press .
Sun designed the chip for high - end servers , which primarily compete with machines from International Business Machines Corp and Hewlett Packard Co .
Sun shares fell 0.2 percent to close at $ 9.28 on the Nasdaq .
Metal Gear Solid 4 may go down in the pantheon of video games as being the game with the most [ shal ] rumor [ / shal ] and [ shal ] speculation [ / shal ] surrounding it .
We are on the precipice of [ shal ] E3 [ / shal ] and it would n’t be an E3 without some [ shal ] MGS [ / shal ] shenanigans now would it ?
Matt Furtado over at Kombo seems to think Kojima ’s E3 announcements could present [ shal ] PS3 [ / shal ] enthusiasts with a case of good news , bad news .
This does n’t appear to be too much more then speculation at this point , but the author states his case that Metal Gear Solid 4 will receive DLC and the coveted trophy patch .
That ’s the good news .
The bad news is that MGS4 will be released for the Xbox 360 in 2010 with the DLC included .
The most recent rumors surrounding the upcoming Kojima announcement are quite minor when compared to a new game announcement .
As of now , the latest speculation is that Konami will announce Raiden based DLC for the PS3 .
Coinciding with the DLC will also be the long awaited Trophy patch for MGS4 .
Players will take control of Raiden through a total of 2 new chapters .
Whether or not this will take place during the events of MGS4 or will be something completely new is n’t known .
It ’s also being rumored that MGS4 will officially be announced for the 360 .
To keep Sony and PS3 owners happy , the 360 wo n’t see the game until Spring 2010 .
The 360 version will come packed with the DLC , but PS3 owners will have it exclusive for several months before the 360 title is released .
[ Update ] Game Of Honor had a chance to follow up with Kojima Productions .
“ unfortunately we are still not working on a 360 version of MGS4 .
How ever , Were revealing something ”
Kojima Productions
[ Source ]
( Newser ) – A veil of dust coating the snowcapped Colorado Rockies is accelerating river runoff and has farmers scrambling to avoid an arid crop season , the Los Angeles Times reports .
An unusually high number of dust storms and unseasonably warm temperatures have caused rivers to swell near flood stage .
“ It creates a high - pressured game of Twister for water managers , ” said an expert .
Scientists blame off - road vehicles , mountain bikers , and energy exploration for kicking up the dust , which has turned the snow brown and red and can speed up snowmelt by a month .
Levels are five times the norm , but so far , ski resorts are n’t worried .
Marveled one rep , “ You 'd ski , turn around and look at your tracks , and they'd be red chocolate . ”
( Read more Colorado stories . )
Women , take off your shoes , get knocked up , and go back to the kitchen , ' cause Ross Douthat will tell us everything we need to know and the world will be a better place .
How is it that people who traffic in discredited data and information get a regular column on the op - ed page of the New York Times ?
I do n’t know , but Ross Douthat does .
And apparently he also knows better than women , doctors , judges , juries and a range of other people what the real evidence is about abortion and what Dr. Tiller really did .
Moreover , he is here to tell us what is morally right and wrong .
Women , take off your shoes , get knocked up , and go back to the kitchen , ’ cause Ross will tell us everything we need to know and the world will be a better place .
Remember when the Bush Administration told us that “ they would create the reality and we would just report on it ? ”
Well the far right is there to continue the job , compliments of Douthat and the others in the male pontificator commentariat .
Take today ’s piece in the New York Times regarding abortion .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Douthat first concedes that maybe ( just maybe ) some of Dr. Tiller ’s work was morally ok according to Douthat ’s standards .
Then , he basically reverts to the “ Tiller was a secret monster ” myth by recycling old and completely discredited rumors that Tiller performed late - term abortions for no reason circulated by completely discredited sources , thereby ensuring he maintains his street cred with the right - wing mythmakers .
Finally , he does exactly what the current cult of male pontificators have been doing all week .
First suggesting now that it is undeniable that some abortions are “ acceptable ” because , as they now must concede , sometimes a woman ’s life or health might actually be at risk and some fetuses actually will die at birth or are already dead in the womb .
But ….underscoring they still think –in their infinite wisdom –that really some of these late - term abortions must still actually be purely elective ( never mind the overwhelming evidence ) , and all “ elective ” abortions ( read all abortions ) should now be called into question and subject to “ reasonable regulation . ”
In other words : the only acceptable abortions are those done for the real reasons according to Douthat and friends .
Over the past week , as women ( and their partners ) across the country have broken their silence on the heart - rending tragedies of their own late - term abortions–stories of catastrophic fetal anomalies and profound disability among them–most of the male pontificators –the Saletans , Waldmans , and Sullivans among them –have finally had to acknowledge what any real objective journalistic investigation would have revealed long ago : that , hey , maybe in fact real women ( with their partners or husbands , families , and clergy in cases where that applies ) actually face these circumstances .
Maybe they have n’t been lying after all !
But then , Douthat , who apparently can’t totally accept that many , many people see Dr. Tiller as a moral , ethical and courageous hero , goes on to try to discredit him through innuendo .
Douthat writes :
Tiller did abortions in third trimester , when almost no one else
would do them – which meant , inevitably , that he handled the hardest of
hard cases .
He performed abortions on women facing life - threatening
complications , on women whose children would be born dead or dying , on
women who had been raped , on “ women ” who were really girls of 10 .
His
Wichita , Kan. , office , barricaded against protesters , was reportedly
lined with thank - you notes .
Over the last week , there ’s been an outpouring of testimonials ,
across the Internet , from women ( and some men ) who lived through these
hard cases .
They help explain why Tiller thought he was doing the
Lord ’s work , even though that work involved destroying something that
we would n’t hesitate to call a baby if we saw it struggling for life in
a hospital bed .
They help explain why so many Americans defend his
right to do it .
But then comes the caveat of innuendo and disproven rumor .
Douthat writes :
But such narratives are not the only story about George Tiller ’s
clinic .
He was a target of protests — and , tragically , of terrorist
violence — because he performed late - term abortions , period .
But his
critics were convinced that he performed them not only in truly
desperate situations , but in many other cases as well .
Over the years ,
they cobbled together a considerable amount of evidence — drawn from the state ’s abortion statistics , from Tiller ’s own comments , and from a 2006 investigation — suggesting that Tiller abused the state ’s mental - health exemption to justify late - term abortions in almost any situation .
The operative words here would be :
“ Story ” as in fables .
“ Critics ” as in members of the anti-choice lunatic fringe who have claimed all along that Tiller was doing late - term abortions for fun and frolic .
And “ cobbled together …evidence , ” as in the “ evidence ” about links between abortion and breast cancer ( discredited by actual scientists ) , connections between abortion and mental health ( discredited by actual clinicians ) and abortion and infertility ( discredited by actual Ob - Gyns ) , among the range of other evidence offered to us by those credible folks at the American Life League , Operation Rescue , and numerous others .
You know …. those credible sources of evidence .
Douthat then goes on to write :
We may never know how many of George Tiller ’s abortions were performed on healthy mothers and healthy fetuses .
But whatever the verdict on Tiller ’s practice , most abortions in the United States bear no resemblance whatsoever to the hardest third - trimester cases .
Which healthy women and which abortions are we talking about here ?
Legal first or second trimester abortions ?
Because those are legal and generally not restricted ( except economically and by lack of access to services ) , and here is where the whole issue is conflated .
By talking about abortions generally , and claiming that Dr. Tiller and others perform abortions generally ( surprise ! ) , it is easy to then just conflate abortions performed where no indications are required –remember , again , elective abortion is legal in this country under current law until a certain point–and those that were performed in the later terms of pregnancy under strict regulation by law in Kansas .
To wit :
If you talk about having performed abortions , you must be talking about having performed later - term abortions for no reason !
Douthat is right : Most abortions in the United States bear no resemblance to late - term abortions .
Again , ( and again , and again ) 90 percent of all abortions occur
before 12 weeks .
That is a good thing .
The earlier the abortion , the easier it is on the woman and the less risky the procedure .
Moreover , it is clear that no one willingly goes through an entire pregnancy only to seek termination in the last trimester barring seriously extenuating circumstances .
And there is , as Roe states , a compelling interest at that point in balancing the rights of the woman in that period against the rights of a viable fetus .
The issue is still : who gets to decide what those exenuating circumstances are in the case of a later abortion and in particular third trimester abortions ?
Women , and their partners and their families , under the conditions set forth by the state .
That is why we have laws governing late - term abortion , as ideologically - driven and misguided as some of them nonetheless are .
In Kansas , where Dr. Tiller practiced , that decision was left to a woman , her doctor and at least two other doctors to confirm the diagnosis .
No one got there easily as the many stories that continue to be written show .
But Douthat ’s comment is intended to divide between what he now feels might be “ legitimate ” abortions and the “ rest of them ” and then goes on to imply we should regulate all abortions .
Douthat writes :
Indeed , the argument that some abortions take place in particularly awful , particularly understandable circumstances is not a case against regulating abortion .
It ’s the beginning of precisely the kind of reasonable distinction - making that would produce a saner , stricter legal regime .
This is revealing and I think we should all brace ourselves for the cultivation of this argument …. indeed the flipping of a long - standing argument put forth by the male pontificators who have been arguing against late - term abortions because they were sure these were “ elective ” but now see undeniable evidence of “ justifiable cause ” when the woman ’s life is at risk or the fetus is dead or seriously disabled , but who may now argue , as Douthat does inherently , that “ elective abortions ” ( read all other abortions ) are the whimsy of irresponsible women .
Wait for it .
Douthat ’s swipe at Tiller is disingenuous for several reasons .
First , no abortion for any reason including the life
of the mother is acceptable to fanatical anti-choice groups .
Douthat , if you read between the lines , suggests that no abortion is acceptable to him unless there is a threat to the woman ’s life .
Second , he uses the term “ abortion ” as a broad brush to perpetuate innuendo against Dr. Tiller that is long ago discredited by juries , medical professionals throughout the country and women and men who sought his services .
I have no idea how many first trimester abortions Dr. Tiller might have performed .
But that is beside the point because that is legal and not in question .
But to say he performed and talked about performing “ abortions ” generally and then to imply that means he actually peformed late - term procedures without justification is bad journalism at best and intellectually dishonest .
It also flouts the evidence .
Kansas has very strict laws governing late - term abortion , and Dr. Tiller was several times accused and never found guilty of any violation of the law .
Ever .
He was most recently subjected to this harassment by a politically motivated Attorney General who failed earlier this year to convict Tiller of anything .
So exactly which evidence is it that has been cobbled together and by whom specifically that Douthat feels compelled to place on the op - ed page of the New York Times without examination or critique ?
Luckily , for him , it appears his position does not require he actually provide evidence …. just allude to it .
I wo n’t even bother here to take on Douthat ’s disingenuous disposition on dilation and extraction abortions –misleadingly branded by the far right with another term that you all know and which bears so little relation to the actual medical practice I wo n’t force myself to legitimize it by repeating it here –nor his obvious lack of thought on how the complete politicization and politically motivated efforts of a few led to bans on a medical procedure safer for many women undergoing later - term abortion than any other procedure .
Understanding those issues clearly are too much of an intellectual exercise for Douthat .
But what I have learned from watching the reactions of guys like Douthat is how little they listen , and how little they learn , even when faced with overwhelming evidence .
I do know that pro-choice advocates have to re-energize our efforts to keep all abortions safe and legal , because the consequences , facts , and realities of last week ’s events apparently still have not sunk in among many in the so - called intelligentsia .
Remember Derek The Abstinence Clown ?
Derek
Dye is a trained clown who is paid by taxpayer - funded
abstinence - only groups to go into middle school classrooms and juggle ,
telling kids that having sex with condoms is like juggling machetes and
pre-marital sex will destroy all of your life ’s dreams .
Well , meet Keith Deltano : America ’s new Abstinence Clown .
Deltano is a “ comedian ” who is paid by abstinence - only programs to
perform for students all over the country .
And what does this
“ performance ” consist of ?
Take a look :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
That ’s right , as you can see at 1:00 into the video above , he tells
( and shows ) kids that if you use a condom , there is a 30 % chance that
your genitals will virtually be smashed by a cinder block wielding
lunatic .
This is sex education ?
Further , this is sex education that our tax dollars should go to ?
As SEICUS
has documented , Deltano ’s performances are full of messages of fear and
shame , misleading statistics , and biased views of gender stereotypes
that are n’t doing students any good at all .
One of the most common themes among his performances is that students
are stupid fools who are n’t responsible enough to make their own
decisions .
He commonly states “ Talking about safe sex is like telling a
5 - year - old not to eat any cookies ” , adding “ here ’s a jar , have a
napkin ” .
In other words , young people are too stupid to learn about
safe sex without immediately thinking that they should have sex in
response to this .
Deltano also insults the intelligence of young women by discouraging
the use of birth control pills .
He refers to oral contraception as “ the
wheely thingy ” and suggests that they are too complicated for young
women too use properly .
And then there is the distortion of facts about condoms that he uses to
discourage their use among students .
He commonly says that condoms have
a 10 - 30 % failure rate .
What he fails to mention is that the CDC says
that when condoms are used correctly they are highly effective at
preventing HIV .
The FDA also says that when condoms are used correctly ,
they are 97 % effective at preventing pregnancies .
But Deltano has no
problem intentionally deceiving students on this matter .
Deltano also encourages the gender stereotypes of young women as
disinterested in sex and only caring about being married , and young men
as crazy , uncontrollable sex addicts .
Women are always the passive
agents when it comes to sex .
They are all characterized as
disinterested in sex , only wanting love and marriage .
As Deltano says
after describing boys as dumb , uncontrollable sex addicts , “ Girls , you
want a ring on your finger . ”
Men , on the other hand , must prove their
manhood by “ protecting girls from their ( the men ’s ) sexual desires ” and
not “ meeting any of your own needs until you meet your family ’s needs . ”
In other words , decisions on whether or not to have sex are exclusively
in the hands of men , who are then solely responsible for their family ’s
needs .
Young women are merely asexual passive beings who are supposed
to stay pure , with the help of “ real men ” who control their dirty
lustful thoughts .
These fear and shame tactics , misleading statistics , and biased gender
roles are par for the course when it comes to
abstinence - only - until - marriage programs all over the country .
These
programs have milked the federal government out of $ 1.5 billion
dollars , with no positive results to show for it .
President Obama is currently finalizing the details of his 2010 fiscal
budget , and he has a golden opportunity to strike a blow against these
harmful , ineffective programs by zeroing out their finding .
Please send him this letter urging him to zero out abstinence - only programs .
And let your Congressperson know that whatever Obama ultimately decides on , we ca n’t afford to continue to fund these programs .
We are at a critical juncture in our goal of ending abstinence - only
funding .
Please let Obama and Congress know that we ca n’t afford to
leave the sex education of young people in the hands of abstinence
clowns like Derek Dye and Keith Deltano .
America ’s youth need and deserve much better .
The Iranian regime has developed , with the assistance of European telecommunications companies , one of the world 's most sophisticated mechanisms for controlling and censoring the Internet , allowing it to examine the content of individual online communications on a massive scale .
Interviews with technology experts in Iran and outside the country say Iranian efforts at monitoring Internet information go well beyond blocking access to Web sites or severing Internet connections .
Instead , in confronting the political turmoil that has consumed the country this past week , the Iranian government appears to be engaging in a practice often called deep packet inspection , which enables authorities to not only block communication but to monitor it to gather information about individuals , as well as alter it for disinformation purposes , according to these experts .
The monitoring capability was provided , at least in part , by a joint venture of Siemens AG , the German conglomerate , and Nokia Corp. , the Finnish cellphone company , in the second half of 2008 , Ben Roome , a spokesman for the joint venture , confirmed .
The " monitoring center , " installed within the government 's telecom monopoly , was part of a larger contract with Iran that included mobile - phone networking technology , Mr. Roome said .
Using his law enforcement experience and data drawn from the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit , Jim Kouri has collected a series of personality traits common to a couple of professions .
Kouri , who 's a vice president of the National Assn. of Chiefs of Police , has assembled traits such as superficial charm , an exaggerated sense of self - worth , glibness , lying , lack of remorse and manipulation of others .
These traits , Kouri points out in his analysis , are common to psychopathic serial killers .
But -- and here 's the part that may spark some controversy and defensive discussion -- these traits are also common to American politicians .
( Maybe you already suspected . )
Yup .
Violent homicide aside , our elected officials often show many of the exact same character traits as criminal nut - jobs , who run from police but not for office .
Kouri notes that these criminals are psychologically capable of committing their dirty deeds free of any concern for social , moral or legal consequences and with absolutely no remorse .
" This all ows them to do what they want , whenever they want , " he wrote .
" Ironically , these same traits exist in men and women who are drawn to high - profile and powerful positions in society including political officeholders . "
Good grief !
And we not only voted for these people , we 're paying their salaries and entrusting them to spend our national treasure in wise ways .
We do n't know Kouri that well .
He may be trying to manipulate all of us with his glib provocative pronouncements .
On the other hand ...
He adds :
" While many political leaders will deny the assessment regarding their similarities with serial killers and other career criminals , it is part of a psychopathic profile that may be used in assessing the behaviors of many officials and lawmakers at all levels of government . "
-- Andrew Malcolm
We are absolutely not seeking to manipulate Ticket readers by glibly saying with superficial charm that they are certainly among the world 's most intelligent people .
Nor do we seek to manipulate every one of them to click here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo credits : Associated Press
News Story / Surveillance video: BROOKLYN , N.Y .
It 's being called a horrific tragedy that leaves New Yorkers questioning just how something like this could happen .
According to the New York Police Department , a pedestrian crossing a street in Corona , Queens early Wednesday instead wound up being struck by two vehicles and his body being dragged an astounding 17 miles to Brighton Beach , Brooklyn .
At approximately 6 a.m. , the man , who has not yet been identified , was struck by an SUV near Shea Stadium when attempting to cross 108th Street .
Just seconds later , a dark colored van drove over the man , his body getting lodged in the vehicle 's undercarriage .
According to investigators , the driver of the second vehicle was apparently oblivious to what he struck and carried on driving for 17 miles to Brooklyn until a passerby was finally able to call his attention to the man 's body .
In surveillance video obtained exclusively by PIX News , a man is seen exiting a vehicle that dropped him off on 108th Street , just before 6:09 a.m .
The man is seen properly observing pedestrian safety rules as he crosses 50th Avenue .
Soon after , a second man appears in the video and he is struck by the SUV .
The first pedestrian , a witness to the accident , can be seen grabbing his head with his hands in disbelief .
Police were called immediately afterwards .
When authorities arrived at the scene in Corona , no evidence of a pedestrian hit was found .
Nearly an hour later , in Brighton Beach , a passerby saw the body of a man trapped underneath a 1998 Chevy mini-van at the intersection of Neptune Avenue and Brighton 10th Terrace .
The pedestrian flagged down the driver and immediately called police .
Reports identify the driver of the mini-van as 52 - year - old Manuel Gaspar Lituma Sanchez .
Police say it appears Sanchez did not realize he had struck the man and dragged him for nearly 20 miles .
Investigators believe a suspension bar underneath the van caught on to the victim 's rib cage , dragging him for miles .
The driver reportedly smelled something burning and pulled over once along the way , but did not see the body .
New York City Police commissioner Raymond Kelly says authorities are surveying the route , looking for any evidence and body parts that may have detached from the corpse .
The body is believed to have been dragged onto the Grand Central Parkway , south onto the Van Wyck Expressway and then west into Brooklyn .
It 's unclear whether the victim was dead or alive when initially struck by the first driver .
No charges are expected to be filed .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Food shortage fears have prompted the Chinese government to suspend the reforestation of marginal arable land , a senior government official said today .
The sacrifice of a key environmental restoration project for crop production highlights the growing problem of feeding the world 's biggest population as cities expand into farmland and urban residents consume more meat and vegetables .
Lu Xinshe , deputy head of the ministry of land and resources , said the country was struggling to hold the 120 million hectare " red line " considered the minimum land areas needed for food self - sufficiency .
With industrialisation eating into the countryside , he said the government would halt plans to restore arable land to nature .
" We will not plan any new large scale projects to return farmland to its natural state , beyond those that have already been planned , " he was quoted as saying by the Reuters news agency .
Any change in the balance of food production causes unease in a country where the elderly still remember the devastating famines of the early 1960s that killed between 15 million and 40 million people .
But the decision to halt many environmental restoration programmes is likely to have a knock - on effect .
The government has been compensating farmers in the north and west of China to give up farmland as a central pillar of its strategy to fight desertification and water shortages .
The end of ploughing helps stabilise the soil , while stopping irrigation alleviates water shortages .
Tree planting has also helped the country offset the increased emission of carbon dioxide from factories .
But food is the more immediate priority .
By the end of last year , the amount of arable land in China had decreased to within 1 % of the " red line . "
Against the backdrop of rising global food prices , Chinese companies have bought the rights to farm swaths of land in the Philippines , Laos , Russia , and Kazakshstan .
They have invested in biofuel crops in Zambia and the Congo .
By one estimate there are now one million Chinese farmers in Africa .
But the government is committed to self - sufficiency , which requires the production of 500 million tonnes of grain a year .
To maintain this level , prime minister Wen Jiabao has said the state would increase spending on agricultural production by 20 % , well above inflation .
He has also asked advisers to recommend new areas where cultivation can be expanded .
Among the areas suggested is the Sanjiang region in Heilongjiang , a protected wetland .
But as The Guardian reported last month , the pressure to industrialise the far western province of Xinjiang is likely to further erode food output , reducing the government 's options .
With industrialisation set to continue for decades , the shrinkage of land is likely to increase the pressure to use more fertiliser and genetically modified crops .
A fifth of the nation 's paddy fields now grow hybrid strains of rice , according to a report today by the Xinhua news agency .
This is exactly the kind of " on one hand , on the other hand " cowardly practice that has become a cancer destroying the moral DNA of America 's newsrooms .
" On one hand , torture is not only immoral but a violation of international and even U.S. law , but on the other hand , check out our ' provocative ' new columnist , John Yoo , who ca n't travel to Europe because he might be arrested for war crimes ! "
This is wrong -- horribly so .
For more than five years , American newsrooms have helped to normalize the inhumane practice of torture , giving into the government 's Orwellian terms like " enhanced interrogation " and failing to call for accountability of those responsible for these crimes , including -- but not stopping at -- John Yoo .
For a much - honored newspaper like the Inquirer to pay someone like
Yoo to write a regular column is surely the exclamation point on a dark period in which most of my profession flunked its greatest moral test .
Head - to - Head : Parallels Desktop for Mac vs. VMware Fusion
Volume Number : 25 ( 2009 )
Issue Number : 04
Column Tag : Virtualization
Head - to - Head : Parallels Desktop for Mac vs. VMware Fusion ( cont . )
How do VMware Fusion and Parallels Desktop for Mac stack up ?
by Neil Ticktin , Editor - in - Chief / Publisher
Conclusion
Both VMware Fusion and Parallels Desktop for Mac are excellent products , and both allow you to run Windows XP and Vista quite well .
In the end , your decision as to which product you should take into account what 's most important to you : speed , footprint , graphics capabilities , features , user interface , OS you want to run , and more all come into play .
While the Vista " penalty " that we saw in prior tests is now mostly gone ( presumably because both Vista SP1 made improvements as well as both of these virtualization products ) , we would advise that you stick with Windows XP given how much better it runs overall ( not to mention how much less annoying it is ) .
When it comes to whether you should use multiple processors or 64 - bit virtual machines that depends on your use .
If you have a real need for either , and can articulate a reason for it , than use them .
They do work well .
That said , if you do n't have a specific need , then do n't bother , it 's not worth it ; just stick with Windows XP on a single virtual processor .
Many people have the feeling of " more is better , " but clearly when it comes to RAM in the virtual machine , that is not necessarily the case .
More RAM means longer virtual machine launch times , suspends and resumes .
For most users , 1GB of virtual machine RAM will work best .
Use more than that only if you really know you need it .
And , here 's how things look in general terms for each of the test suites that we ran :
Figure 19 : Chart : Performance Winner in Each Test Suite
In the majority of overall averages of our tests , Parallels Desktop is the clear winner running 14 - 20 % faster than VMware Fusion .
The one exception is for those that need to run Windows XP , 32 - bit on 2 virtual processors , VMware Fusion runs about 10 % faster than Parallels Desktop .
And , while both products these days have very little CPU footprint , Parallels Desktop had a surprisingly small RAM footprint , which was actually typically lower than the amount of RAM configured for the virtual machine .
Presumably , once Windows actually needed more of the allocated RAM , the actual footprint on the Mac would increase .
Finally , for gamers , experiences will differ with each game .
In our tests , MacBook users will have a better experience with Parallels Desktop , presumably because of the lower end graphics capabilities of the hardware .
Beyond that , you should look at each game and what the feedback from users from both the Parallels and VMware communities .
One thing is clear , given the track record , expect Parallels Desktop and VMware Fusion to both keep getting better and better .
Did you find this article useful ?
Yes No
Appendix A : Benchmarking Methodology
Introduction
The purpose of this appendix is to outline the basic parameters for how MacTech Magazine performed benchmarking tests on VMware Fusion , and Parallels Desktop for the purpose of evaluating the performance of virtual machines running Windows XP and Vista .
Consistency
Since the tests involve both multiple machines and multiple pieces of software , the focus was on creating as much consistency across the tests as possible .
MacTech accomplished this in several ways .
First , each set of tests were performed by a single MacTech staff member so as to eliminate any of the natural inconsistencies that often occur across individuals .
All of the tests were performed on the same version of the Mac operating system across the different hardware .
At the time of the tests , this was Mac OS X 10.5.5 and included the most up - to - date versions of Apple patches as prescribed through " Software Update " in Mac OS X .
All of the tests were done on " virgin " systems , i.e. , freshly wiped hard disks , with fresh Mac OS X , Virtualization , Windows and Microsoft Office installations , with no third party software installed beyond the standard Mac OS X .
All of the tests were performed with the most up to date set of required patches for Microsoft Windows and Office as prescribed by Microsoft 's automatic updates , including XP SP3 and Vista SP1 .
Avoiding Interactions
While the tests covered a variety of applications , all tests ( where appropriate ) were performed with only that single application open .
In other words , to the extent possible , no other applications will be running .
( Obviously excluding background and OS tasks that are part of a standard install of either OSes or Microsoft Office . )
To avoid issues with a noisy network , the test machines were installed on what was considered a " quiet " network with minimal traffic .
MacTech monitored the use of the network to make sure that the machine does have network access , but is not impacted by the network .
Measurements , Testing and Outliers
For timed tests with results under 60 seconds , tests were measured to within 1/100th of a second .
For those over 60 seconds , tests were measured to within a second .
Most tests were performed at least three times per test and per machine configuration , and often 5 + times depending on the test .
Outliers indicating a testing anomaly were retested as appropriate .
In most cases , the tester used successive tests , not " Adam " or " first " tests to better emulate typical daily use .
Those tests that could be impacted by the size of the window were tested with the same window size , and screen resolution under all scenarios .
Some tests were eliminated because the machines simply performed too fast to get an accurate measurement .
For example , sending or sorting emails always performed faster on the machine than the tester could measure .
Appendix B : Testing Results
In keeping the results fully open , MacTech is making available the test data in the form of an Excel spreadsheet .
In these results , all data is normalized to compare with the baseline PC running Windows XP .
The results are therefore best thought of in terms of percentages .
To download the spreadsheet of these results , they are available on the MacTech ftp site at ftp://ftp.mactech.com/src/mactech/volume25_2009/.
About the author ...
Neil is the Editor - in - Chief and Publisher of MacTech Magazine .
Neil has been in the Mac industry since 1985 , has developed software , written documentation , and been heading up the magazine since 1992 .
When Neil does a benchmark article , he likes to test the features that people will use in real - life scenario and then write about that experience from the user point of view .
Drop him a line at publisher@mactech.com
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
In this day of polarized politics , it ’s incumbent on good citizens to be vigorously truthful .
Even in the heat of battle , partisans should own up to their mistakes .
Rectifying errors builds credibility .
Honest self - criticism ensures a healthy debate and a healthier democracy .
OK , fine .
I messed up .
Late last month , my wife , Susie , and I took a day trip to Shutters , an elegant , white - veneered hotel along the ritzy Santa Monica shoreline .
It ’s a special - occasion place , and we went there to take in a rare parental reprieve .
We went to the hotel ’s second - floor veranda overlooking the Pacific and ordered spinach - and - artichoke dip and two margaritas .
Except for a mild wind , the day was perfect for checking out seagulls and passers - by on the boardwalk below .
Santa Monica is an upscale part of Los Angeles , and Shutters is a pricey joint .
But the nearby pier - cum - amusement - park and its spacious public beach is a multifaceted , people - watching experience .
Soon after our drinks arrived , a group of mostly - college - age kids began walking by in large bunches , many in tandem holding large rope segments in groups of 20 or so .
They clearly were marching for something they considered important .
As they passed , the protesters stared sourly at the second story where we sat .
Fellow patrons wondered aloud what this now massive conga line was all about .
About 300 people into the procession , I spotted a sign that had “ war ” written in it .
One T - shirt read , “ Stop forcing our children to be your soldiers . ”
It ’s a voluntary army , you stupid kids !
A thousand marchers into the protest , the sour looks aimed at the hotel ’s clientele began to wear on us .
The marchers ’ defiant smugness started to make an enemy of me .
“ Oh , no , ” I thought .
The antiwar movement that I saw growing only days after Sept. 11 , 2001 , was at it again .
I thought :
Even with a new president - and one who mostly shares their point of view - the I - love - a- protest - parade political left could n’t help itself .
It likes ruining nice sunny days .
Protesting is what these people do .
Sneering at their fellow citizens is their chief skill .
Projecting arrogance is their birthright .
So with the antiwar sign , the T - shirt and the thousand - strong parade right under our noses , I began to seethe .
These anti-warriors were trying to destroy the peaceful seaside vibe and our pleasant Jose Cuervo buzz .
Knowing that Susie considers a true escape a day when politics is n’t on the menu , I kept my observations to myself .
I even restrained my natural impulse to run down to the sand to go mano a mano with the rabble - rousers .
But when one dude raised his fist like runners Tommie Smith and John Carlos did at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics , I could not hold myself back .
I jumped from my seat and bolted to the center of the balcony , where the American flag waved furiously in a now - harsh wind .
Positioned next to Old Glory , I countered the young punk and reached out my right arm directing my middle finger in his direction .
As soon as my finger was raised , a phalanx of photographers began snapping away at the white middle - aged man wearing a white LaCoste shirt next to the old red , white and blue .
Cognizant of the power of imagery , I owned the moment and refused to back down .
The fist wielder immediately dropped his arm .
I clearly had won and envisioned photos of the anti-antiwar protester making the front pages of the Los Angeles Times .
Satisfied by the small victory , I sat down to finish my cocktail .
With my wife pretending not to be embarrassed , we went back to enjoying our midday excursion .
But instead of waking up Sunday or Monday morning to see my face in the paper , I instead received an e-mail from a journalism student at a local university who recognized me from a recent debate on campus .
The e-mail began like this :
“ On 4/25/09 an event hosted by the Invisible Children called ‘ The Rescue ’ took place in Santa Monica .
I shot the event .
4,000 youth marched in solidarity for the children abducted and forced to fight for the LRA in Northern Uganda and more recently in the Congo .
I had felt a sense of hope in my generation ’s methods of activism at the event . ”
Oh , no .
It only got worse .
“ I believe most people in America are in agreement that human slavery , genocide and child soldiers are a terrible thing .
This event was hardly controversial .
The protest marched by ‘ Shutters on the Beach . ’
After reviewing the photographs I was taking for the event and confirming the facts ( you were in Santa Monica at the date and time ) I realized you were flipping the protesters off .
I am curious to why this is the case . ”
In order to prevent my eternal damnation , and to end what has been three weeks of difficult REM sleep , please visit : www.invisiblechildren .com .
Andrew Breitbart is the founder of the news Web site www.breitbart.com and is co-author of “ Hollywood Interrupted : Insanity Chic in Babylon - the Case Against Celebrity . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
WELCOME to SexToys.co.uk
SCRATCH THE COUPON
I MAY BE A SINNER BUT MAKE ME A WINNER .
SCRATCH AND WIN DISCOUNT COUPONS
UPTO 15 % OFF
This page contains a single entry by chromatic published on June 23 , 2009 7:26 AM .
The Parsimonious Language was the previous entry in this blog .
The Value of a Pumpking is the next entry in this blog .
Find recent content on the main index or look in the archives to find all content .
Powered by the Perl programming language
what is programming ?
Pro-Gun Gay Groups Take Aim at Hate Crimes Bill
Created : June 09 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Courtesy of : pinkpistols.org and olegvolk.net
One month after successfully tucking an amendment into the credit card reform bill that expanded gun rights , a small number of Senate Republicans are looking at the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention
Act as another chance to score a victory for the Second Amendment .
The possible plan — to add an amendment that would allow gun owners to carry their weapons from one state to another in accordance with concealed carry laws .
The possible rationale — to defend gay rights .
“ It makes sense for a group of people who would be protected by hate crime legislation to support something that would let them defend themselves before or after the crime , ” said one Republican Senate aid familiar with the discussions .
“ It ’s relevant , and we want to work together with gay groups to get the message out . ”
Image by : Matt Mahurin
While the aide described the discussions over a gun rights amendment to the hate crimes bill as “ very fluid , ” conservative and pro-gun rights gay groups outside of the Senate are ready to make a real push for it .
GOProud , a new gay rights group that broke away from the Log Cabin Republicans in April , has talked with top staffers for Sen .
Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) and Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) about how to make the civil rights case for conceal and carry reciprocity .
“ We support this because we think it ’s advantageous to make it legal and relatively easy for gay people to arm themselves so they can protect themselves , ” said Jimmy LaSilva , who became the executive director of GOProud after three years working on policy for the Log Cabin Republicans .
“ In the next few weeks we want to start highlighting some of those stories .
There are people who have averted gay bashings because of their ability to use guns . ”
LaSilva and GOProud are currently putting together the names of some of those people .
They ’re collecting their statements for the first rock - solid deadline in the push for concealed carry reciprocity — a June 23 hearing that came together as a result of a previous
Thune gun rights bill .
In February , Thune and Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) offered similar amendments to legislation that would extend a vote in Congress to residents of Washington , D.C. Both amendments would have legalized gun ownership in the district .
Ensign ’s passed , and Sen. Joe Lieberman ( D - Conn . ) and Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) approached
Thune on the floor to offer a hearing on conceal and carry reciprocity instead of a protracted fight on his D.C. gun rights amendment .
“ Everyone here is focused on that hearing , ” said Kyle Downey , a spokesman for Thune .
“ It ’s too early to talk about the chances of this as a separate bill or as an amendment , but getting the commitment from Leahy on a hearing was quite a victory in and of itself . ”
The hate crimes bill was sponsored by Sen .
Ted Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) and is supported by a range of minority rights groups .
The senator ’s office and the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign did not comment on this potential amendment when contacted by TWI .
Liberal opponents of Coburn and other Republicans criticized last month ’s amendment to the credit card bill that legalized the possession of loaded weapons in national parks .
The National Rifle Association and other gun rights groups pushed back hard against the argument that Coburn ’s amendment had been irrelevant , or that it had been passed as a trick .
At the time , the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence called the amendment “ reckless and extraneous , ” while NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre argued that the vote was bipartisan and proved “ there is broad and bipartisan support for the Second Amendment in Congress . ”
Supporters of concealed carry reciprocity argue that the case for attaching it to a hate crimes bill — if that is the way that it can be passed — makes even more sense than the case for Coburn ’s amendment .
“ Plenty of people have used guns to defend innocent people , ” argued Second Amendment scholar and attorney David Kopel , “ including crimes motivated by bias .
This is a legitimate thing to attach to any bill that ’s concerned with violent crime . ”
Courtesy of : pinkpistols.org and olegvolk.net
That ’s the case being made by Pink Pistols , a gay gun rights organization whose slogan is “ Armed Gays Do n’t Get Bashed , ” and whose members can recount stories of fending off potential attackers by brandishing their weapons .
“ Self - defense with a firearm is a valid and viable method of self - defense and protection , ” said Gwen Patton , a spokesperson for Pink Pistols .
“ Imagine that individuals follow you from a place known in the neighborhood as a GLBT gathering place .
They follow you to your car , and when you try to open the door , they hold out pipes and yell — ‘ Hey , faggot ! ’
You pull out a concealed weapon that you have a license to carry .
They say , ‘ He ’s got a gun ! ’
They drop their pipes and run away .
No shots were fired , but a beating was just averted . ”
Still , it ’s not yet clear whether Thune and his allies will have to go this route to pass concealed carry legislation .
It ’s still possible that a new hate crimes law will be be folded into the defense authorization for 2009 , which would effectively remove it from the amendment process .
Thune ’s most recent version of the legislation , S. 845 , still could be introduced on its own for an up - or - down vote .
But only one Democrat , Sen. Mark Begich ( D - Alaska ) has co-sponsored the bill , and Thune ’s spokesman Downey worried that “ the political side ” of the Democratic Party would keep it from coming to a vote .
“ As we get closer to the election , ” said Downey , “ they will want to avoid these types of tough votes . ”
If they do go the amendment route , supporters of concealed carry reciprocity are confident that it would be passed as part of a hate crimes bill , and not become a poison pill that kills the entire package .
“ Every Republican senator is on the record with a position on hate crimes legislation , ” said GOProud ’s LaSilvia .
“ If this were to be attached , a vote for the bill could be explained as a vote for concealed carry .
Gosh — what would happen when the Family Research Council realized that their people were voting for the ‘ gay bill ? ’
It would put a bunch of people in a really weird position .
It would be fun to watch . ”
Today , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the Government 's expansive view of the state secrets privilege , allowing an " extraordinary rendition " case against Jeppesen Dataplan to proceed .
In the case , which was brought by the ACLU , the plaintiffs allege that " Jeppesen provided flight planning and logistical support services to the aircraft and crew on all of the flights transporting the five plaintiffs among their various locations of detention and torture . "
The government had moved to dismiss the case pursuant to the state secrets privilege , and the federal District Court agreed , leading to the appeal .
While the appeal was filed last year , Obama Administration adopted the Bush Administration 's legal position .
The Ninth Circuit 's decision is strong in several ways .
First , it recognized that the government was arguing that any actions it called " secret " should be immune from law .
The Court firmly rejected that claim :
According to the government 's theory , the judiciary should effectively cordon off all secret government actions from judicial scrutiny , immunizing the CIA and its partners from the demands and limits of the law .
Second , the Court rejected the government 's argument that it could ban all reference to any " information " it deemed a secret , instead limiting the privilege to specific evidence , decided on a " item - by - item " basis :
... the state secrets privilege has never applied to prevent parties from litigating the truth or falsity of allegations , or facts , or information simply because the government regards the truth or falsity of the allegations to be secret .
Finally , the court rejected the government 's claim that facts always remained " secret " and outside the scope of litigation unless the government formally admits them :
Any argument that the contents of any evidence are and remain categorically secret for purposes of the privilege unless and until the government says otherwise is meritless .
This decision should be a big help to EFF , since we face similar government overreaching state secrets claims in the Jewel v. NSA warrantless wiretapping case , which aims to stop the illegal dragnet surveillance of millions of ordinary Americans .
The government 's state secrets claims in Jewel are currently set for hearing this summer .
A Treasury spokesman told newspapers that he did not dispute that the mistake could have cost households tens of millions but said passages in the documents had been blacked out because they referred to " ongoing policy issues " .
I do n't care what YouTube says , this infomercial for the " Comfort Wipe " can't be real .
My mind wo n't allow it to be .
For God 's sake , it starts off by asking how much we 're all sick of folding toilet paper , as if we would all nod our heads and agree that , yes , the whole process is a savage antiquity .
We 're then expected to accept that wiping with a fancy stick is a bold step forward in our personal sanitary habits .
No .
This is not right .
A fat guy cannot cite " advantages " to being fat and in the same breath acknowledge that he needs help sanitizing his crevasse , at which point the voiceover says the product helps people retain their dignity .
I keep looking for The Onion 's logo in the corner , and it 's not there .
And I weep .
— Posted by David Kiefaber
According to court documents , a class action lawsuit has been taken up against Square Enix .
Allegedly , Square Enix deceived 100,000 users by not being upfront with their penalties and fees on Final Fantasy XI .
Esther Leong , the Plantiff , claims that Square Enix lied about the monthly fees associated with Final Fantasy XI .
Not only that , but Square Enix concealed its monthly fees , penalties for late fees , interest , and several other payment issues during the signing up phase .
The parties included in the lawsuit are seeking $ 5 million dollars for damages .
As of the time of this writing , Square Enix has not commented on the situation .
[ Source / Via ]
Citizen Radio recently interviewed professor Noam Chomsky about the War on Drugs , religion , and what makes him happy .
A transcription of the interview is available below .
Listen to the entire episode here .
Called “ arguably the most important intellectual alive ” by the New York Times , Noam Chomsky is also known as a political activist .
In the 1966 essay , “ The Responsibility of Intellectuals , ” Chomsky challenged intellectuals “ to speak the truth and expose lies , ” and he carried his protests beyond the printed page : he became a tax resister and he was arrested in 1967 at the Pentagon while protesting military involvement in Southeast Asia .
Chomsky ’s criticism of U.S. governmental policies has continued unabated since that time .
In Deterring Democracy and in other books he has focused on trade and economic issues and accuses the Government of being a “ rogue superpower . ”
“ I ’m a citizen of the United States , ” says Chomsky , “ and I have a share of responsibility for what it does . ”
Citizen Radio is on BTR every Wednesday .
Episodes air 24/7 .
—-
Allison Kilkenny :
In an unpublished article for the Washington Post , you wrote that the NAFTA protests during the 90s in Mexico gave , quote : “ only a bare glimpse of time bombs waiting to explode .
Do you thinks the drug cartels in Mexico are a byproduct of the trade inequalities you explained in that Post article ?
Also , if you could talk about the roles international banks and corporations play in the War on Drugs .
Noam Chomsky : I ca n’t really talk about it because there is n’t any war on drugs .
If there was a war on drugs , the government would take measures which it knows could control the use of drugs .
Read more …
And it ’s pretty well understood .
Years ago — maybe twenty - five , thirty years ago — around the time Nixon ’s first War on Drugs was called , there was a big study by the army and the RAND corporation ( the main , outside advisory research bureau ) analyzing the effects on drug use of various approaches to it .
They studied four .
The one that came out the most cost effective was prevention and treatment by a large margin .
Next , much more expensive and less effective , was police work .
Still less effective and more costly was border interdiction .
And least effective and most costly was out - of - country operations like chemical warfare in Columbia .
Well , the methods that are used are the exact opposite .
Most of the funding goes into cross - border operations ( least effective , most costly , ) next , interdiction and police action , and least to prevention and treatment .
And there ’s pretty independent evidence that this is correct .
So , for example , smoking is far more destructive than drugs by orders of magnitude .
Now , you do n’t carry out chemical warfare in North Carolina or Kentucky .
You do n’t interdict the borders because it ’s produced here .
You do n’t arrest kids for having a cigarette .
But in fact , prevention and treatment have sharply reduced smoking .
Throughout the 1980s , there was a general shift among young people toward more healthy lifestyles , so you have a reduction in smoking , a reduction in the use of red meat , in alcoholism , a whole pile of things .
If you walk around a college campus , you rarely see kids with cigarettes .
If you go down to the slums , you do .
But that ’s because the social - cultural change was kind of class - based .
But it worked .
And as I said , it ’s even things like red meat .
People eat healthier diets .
And that ’s pretty much what the RAND - Army approach predicted .
So that suggests , since policies have been followed for decades , which were known in advance to have exactly the wrong properties ( and it ’s shown by evidence that they do have the wrong properties , ) but they continue with them .
Well , to a rational person , that suggests that something else is going on with the planning .
And I do n’t think it ’s hard to figure out .
Out - of - country operations are just a cover for counter - insurgency , or for clearing land in Columbia and driving out peasants so multi-national corporations can come in for mining , and resource - extraction , and agribusiness , and macra production , and so on .
Which is why you have ( outside of Afghanistan ) probably the largest refugee population in the world in Columbia .
[ The War on Drugs is ] not effecting drug production .
In fact , it ’s going up by , I think , 25 % last year .
But it ’s going to continue because that was n’t the purpose .
Here in the United States , the drug war has been associated , clearly , with a very sharp rise in incarceration .
If you go back to 1980 , the prison population in the United States , per capita , was approximately like other industrial countries – kind of toward the high end , but not off the chart .
Now , it ’s five to ten times as high and still going up .
And most of it is drug related ( also , length of sentences , and repeated sentences , and so on . )
And it mostly targets what are called the “ dangerous classes , ” the poor , minorities , and so on .
So like , black males , is astronomical .
On the other hand , drug use among wealthy people is barely prosecuted .
So it ’s a class - based form of control of superfluous population , and for that purpose , it seems to be working .
It ’s also making a lot of money for commercial enterprises .
What some criminologists call the prison - industrial complex has been a pretty substantial development , especially for rural counties , it ’s a Godsend .
When they build prisons , it brings in construction work , jobs , and surveillance .
A couple of years ago , maybe still , the fastest growing white - collar profession was security officer , and it gets rid of people you do n’t want anything to do with .
They do n’t have a place in the current industrial system .
And there ’s also racial elements involved .
So you can say the drug war is a success for what its real purpose is , but not for its proclaimed purposes .
There was just a study initiated by three pretty conservative former Latin American presidents : [ Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil , César Gaviria of Colombia , and Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , ] and they came out with the conclusion , which anybody whose watching it knows is correct , but because it comes from that source , it was publicized , namely that the drug war in Latin America has been a complete failure in terms of its proclaimed objectives .
But that just tells you those were n’t the proclaimed objectives .
Rational people do n’t keep pursuing a policy that ’s failing when they know there ’s a better policy unless there ’s some other reason , and I think the other reason is not terribly hidden .
So you ca n’t really talk about a war on drugs .
You can go back to the question and formulate it differently ( laughter ) , but it would be based on a different assumption .
Jamie Kilstein :
For a country predicated on a separation of church and state , why do you think that we let religion dictate so much of our lives and public policy ?
Chomsky :
Well , those are two questions that are different .
As far as our lives are concerned , the United States has always been an unusually religious country .
The country was founded by religious extremists .
The Puritans who came over were waving the holy book , and following the Lord ’s commands when they exterminated the Amalekites , and the Scotch - Irish immigration that followed – German immigration – were also highly religious , and it ’s been a very fundamentalist country .
And there are repeated continentalist revivals , one of the last ones in the 1950s .
That ’s where you get things like “ In God We Trust ” , “ One Nation Under God , ” and all that kind of business .
It ’s a streak in American society that differentiates it from other industrial societies , pretty sharply in fact , but those are individual choices .
As far as influencing public policy is concerned , that ’s mostly the last twenty or thirty years .
I think [ President Carter ] inadvertently taught a lesson to party managers , namely that if you pretend to be religious , you can pick up a big electoral block .
And in fact , every candidate for president since Carter has made a big show of being in church .
Even people like Clinton , who is probably as religious as I am , makes a show of walking out of the Baptist church every Sunday morning .
That ’s a way to pick up a lot of votes cheap , and it was understood .
That has an associated effect .
Namely , the constituency begins to have an effect on policy , and that was exploited .
It ’s been a funny economic period for the last thirty years .
We ’ve been through thirty years with real wage stagnation .
That ’s never happened before .
There ’s been economic growth , there ’s been a sharp rise in productivity , but the effects have flown and gone into very few pockets .
For a majority of the population , it ’s been a bad period .
Stagnation , sometimes decline , reduction of benefits , higher working hours , a lot of breakdown of social structure , it ’s hard for people to deal with .
Now , the parties do n’t want to deal with this because their constituency is basically business and the wealthy , so they ’d like to divert attention to other topics .
Those are called social issues like stem cell research , abortion , and so on .
These become not individual matters anymore , which they were before , but rather social policy , and are used ( and I presume designed ) to keep away from the issues that really affect people .
Take the drug war .
People would like to reduce drugs , but you do n’t want to pay attention to the real issue because the drug war is serving other purposes .
Or take health care , let ’s say .
Health care has been the top issue , or close to the top issue , for the population for decades for good reasons .
The health care system is a complete disaster .
It ’s about twice the per capita cost of other comparable countries and some of the worst outcomes , and there are enormous numbers of people either uninsured or underinsured .
And that ’s something people feel in their lives , so they care about it , and they also have an opinion .
Ever since polls have been taken , a large majority want a national healthcare system ( getting rid of the privatized healthcare system ) .
But here you have a real conflict because the pharmaceutical corporations and the insurance industry , and related industries , want a privatized system , and the public is opposed , so you have to somehow marginalize that question .
It ’s usually described in the press as “ politically impossible , ” meaning the only thing for it is a large majority of the population , but “ lacking political support , ” or “ how difficult it would be to put it through . ”
But it ’s not particularly difficult .
You ’d extend Medicare to the whole population , which is what a large part of the majority wants .
But it runs into the interests that really set policies , so the goal is to divert attention away from those things to some other things .
That ’s the sort of Reagan Democrat phenomenon , and in that respect , religion can be mobilized .
The religious commitments , which have always been there , can be mobilized into a political force .
And I think that ’s happened .
So to go back to your question , there ’s a difference between the fact that it ’s individual choice , and it happens to be an extremely religious country ( way off the charts , ) to policy .
In fact , our policy has been mostly recent , pretty much coinciding with the period of harsh economic and social realities in the population , and I think it can be understood plausibly as a conscious diversion from issues party manages , and their constituencies , do n’t want discussed .
In fact , during this period , the public relations industry , which is a huge industry , has been very frank about the fact that they are marketing candidates like commodities .
It was n’t published much here , but after the Obama election , the advertising industry gave Obama an award for best marketing campaign of the year .
And they ’re right .
It was a great marketing campaign .
“ Hope . ” “ Change . ”
No content .
( laughter )
They went on to say , and this is top executives who are quoted , that they ’ve been marketing candidates ever since Reagan , ( laughter ) and this is the best achievement they ’ve ever had .
Kilstein :
It ’s unsettling
Kilkenny : Yeah ( laughter )
Chomsky : No , it makes good sense .
These guys study public opinion closely , and they ’re perfectly aware that on a host of major issues , both political parties are pretty well to the right of the population , so it makes good sense to keep away from issues , and to focus on personalities , qualities .
It ’s not just true for the general population .
It ’s also true for the intellectual elite .
I sometimes torture myself by listening to NPR .
( laughter )
And I happened to pick up an interview that they were having after one of the Clinton - Obama debates during the primaries .
And they were interviewing the New York Times political correspondent .
I forget her name .
They were on about for ten , or fifteen minutes , and the discussion was mostly about things like this :
Apparently , at the beginning of the debate , Clinton walked in , and Obama sort of held her chair while she sat down , and the question was about his body language .
Was he deferential : White Lady …
Kilstein : ( laughter ) Jesus
Chomsky : … Black Boy ?
Or was he kind of contemptuous ?
But that was the discussion .
Not about what they were talking about , not about the issues .
Maybe it ’s not even conscious anymore .
It ’s so internalized .
It ’s internalized that you want to keep away from issues .
Kilstein : I bet it was Maureen Dowd ( laughter )
Kilkenny :
Do you think fascism is inevitable in a Capitalistic society ?
Chomsky :
Well , you know , the term “ fascism ” has taken on a special connotation .
In the 1930s – pre-Hitler , or before the real effects of Hitler were concerned – it was n’t considered a particularly negative term .
It was considered a notion of social organization .
So for example , [ President Roosevelt ] was a great admirer of [ Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini . ]
That “ admirable , Italian gentleman . ”
American investors loved Mussolini .
They poured money into Italian Capitalism .
Kilkenny : Wow
Chomsky : … It was controlling the work force .
It was orderly .
It was running things .
They were making plenty of profit .
In fact , Fortune magazine had a story in the early ‘ 30s , which had a headline about Mussolini saying , ‘ The Wops are Un - Wopping Themselves . ’ ( laughter )
You know , the ‘ Wops ’ are finally getting things straight .
They had a real , good fascist government .
Kilstein : Wow
Chomsky : … And pretty much the same thing was true with Hitler .
The state department in 1937 , I think , described Hitler as a moderate , standing between extremes of right and left .
Sumner Welles , Roosevelt ’s main adviser , came back from the Munich Conference in ’ 38 , saying “ Real Hope .
We can really work with Hitler .
He ’s kind of a good guy , ” and again , American investment shot up in Germany .
The business classes liked him .
It was even more so in England .
In fact , if you read back , the really serious political economists like Robert Brady , one of the best , kind of Veblenite political economists , he just described fascism as a tendency that the industrial world is moving towards , including the New Deal as an example .
Coordinated state planning for corporate structures in the interest of business controlling things , and so on .
In that sense , you could say , yeah , some kind of fascism is like an aspect of Capitalism .
But what the term has come to mean now is storm troopers , extermination camps , other such things , aggression .
In that sense , there ’s no reason to expect it .
Counterproductive .
Kilkenny :
But do you think there ’s a way to be sort of an egalitarian society …
Chomsky : In principle ?
Kilkenny : Right .
Chomsky : Sure .
Kilkenny : With Capitalism being the main …
Chomsky :
It ’s kind of interesting .
If you read Adam Smith , a great hero , one of his arguments , he had the argument in favor of markets , but kind of nuanced arguments , not as extreme as is thought .
But one of his arguments , like one of his main ones , was that under conditions of perfect liberty , markets would lead to perfect equality .
Not a very good argument , but that was the argument .
And he took perfect equality to be something we ’d want .
And he meant equality of condition , not opportunity .
He said that ’s what markets should lead to , and there ’s an argument for that .
But under real world conditions , it goes the other way for all kinds of reasons .
One reason , and there are a lot of built - in , serious inefficiencies to markets .
In fact , we ’re suffering from some of them right now .
One of the major properties of markets – if you take a good economics course you learn this in the first term – is that they under price social effects .
So if you sell me a car , we can make a good deal for ourselves .
We both gain from it , but [ Kilstein ] is paying a cost .
So there ’s more pollution , more congestion , the price of oil goes up , and these effects are spread through the population , the count of all can be quite large .
It ’s called externalities .
Economists put them in a footnote , but they ’re not so small .
Now , when you get financial institutions , there ’s an effect called systemic risk .
So if Goldman Sachs makes a loan , if they ’re managed well , they take into account the effect to themselves if the loan go sour , but they do n’t count in the consequences to the system as a whole if the loan goes sour .
And that ’s what ’s happening now .
You under price risk , and so there ’s too much of it .
There are other factors that also lead to too much of , and sooner or later , it all unravels , and you have a major crisis .
These are just properties of markets .
And there are other properties .
Say , when I go home tonight , I have a choice on the market .
I can choose to go home in a Ford or a Toyoto .
But I ca n’t choose to go home on a public transportation system because that ’s not one of the options that a market provides .
I can choose this doctor or that doctor , but I ca n’t choose a national health system .
That ’s not an option on the market .
These are options for societies that are reasonable , world democratic societies , more reasonable societies where everything is under popular control ( socialist societies , anarchist societies , ) but markets do n’t allow any of that .
So they ’re heavily biased in favor of certain kinds of outcomes , which are in many ways anti-social outcomes .
With regards to public transportation , one of the outcomes may be the destruction of the species .
There ’s nothing in markets that gives any incentive to care whether your grandchildren survive .
The choices are n’t there .
So even human survival is n’t very likely under market societies .
In fact , there are a lot of illusions about that .
It ’s commonly believed that the United States is a market society with entrepreneurial initiative and consumer choice , and all of those wonderful things , but it ’s very far from that .
In fact , the very place where we ’re sitting is a good illustration .
What ’s MIT [ Massachusetts Institute of Technology ] ?
MIT is technically a private institution , but it ’s publically funded through the government .
What is it funded for ?
Well , it ’s funded to create the technology of the future , which private corporations can make profit on .
So the main elements of the productive economy now , like computers and the Internet , were developed right here , and similar places , under Pentagon funding for decades , not short periods .
The public was paying the cost for a long period .
The public was taking the risks , and it finally ends up in Bill Gates ’s pockets .
Kilkenny : Right , right
Chomsky : … And that ’s the way most of the high - tech economy works .
So where ’s the market society ?
Well , it ’s there , it ’s at the marketing end .
Even there , marketing is carried out in a way intended purposefully to undermine markets .
In fact , we all kind of know it , but we parrot the words without recognizing it .
So you ’ve seen television ads .
Suppose there ’s a television ad for a drug , or a car , or something .
In a market society , what you would have is a description of the properties of the commodity because then you get what are called ‘ informed consumers making rational choices . ’
But that ’s not what you get .
What you get is forms of delusion because the business wants to create uninformed consumers , who make irrational choices .
That is , they want to undermine markets .
Which is very much like the political system .
You want an electorate , which is uninformed and makes irrational choices under modern democracy , so the whole kind of ideology is so remote from reality that it ’s almost impossible to discuss .
And this is not something like Quantum physics .
This is something right in front of everyone ’s eyes .
It takes tremendous amounts of indoctrination to be able to produce journalists and commentators and academics , and others , who can talk about it as a Free Market society because it ’s right in front of your eyes that it ’s nothing of the sort .
So that really takes effective indoctrination .
And it ’s not that people are lying .
It ’s worse than that .
It ’s internalized .
You really believe the falsehoods you ’re producing .
Like a well - run totalitarian society , or a well - run religious faith where people do n’t lie when they say there are miracles .
They believe it .
And people are n’t lying when they say it ’s a market society .
It ’s just sort of driven into them that you do n’t question it even though the counter - evidence is right in your face .
Kilstein :
What gives you hope and makes you happy ?
Chomsky : People like you .
That ’s where the hope is .
In fact , there have been a lot of positive changes in the last – let ’s say in my lifetime – last thirty , forty years , sort of active political lifetime .
As a matter of fact , since I was a kid .
Things are nowhere near as bad as what I was watching during the Depression .
A lot of achievements were made during the New Deal , and they did n’t come from above .
They came from activism .
By the time workers were carrying out sit - down strikes , which is like one step before taking over the factory and running it for yourself , which really put the fear of God into the business world , so there were measures introduced , which were good measures : Social Security , welfare state measures , some degree of regulation , and so on .
That was positive .
And it happened again in the ‘ 60s .
There was a lot of popular activism , and it made a huge effect .
First of all , it led [ President Johnson ] to introduce extensions of welfare state measures , but it also just changed the culture .
The role of minorities , women , environment , all sorts of things that were n’t questions even came to the center of the agenda , and it ended up being a much more civilized society .
In the 1980s , there was a growth of international solidarity movements , something which had never existed in the history of imperialism .
In the whole history of imperialism , nobody thought of going to the country that is under attack and living in villages with people to help them and protect them with a white face .
The idea did n’t occur to anybody .
Tens of thousands of people were doing in the ‘ 80s .
And it ’s grown all over Central America .
And incidentally , a lot of them were coming out of Conservative religious circles .
Religion in the United States is a very multifaceted affair .
A lot were affected by liberation theology .
A lot were coming out of the evangelical movement .
One of Obama ’s half a dozen pastors is Jim Wallis , who comes out of that sector : Evangelical Christianity , which was dedicated to social service .
Out of that came the solidarity movement , which extended into the current global justice movement , mostly young people , world social forum , and other social forums .
That ’s positive advances .
And there ’s no particular reason why that should stop .
In fact , we ’re better off now than earlier because you can build on the successes of earlier generations and start from a higher level .
So there ’s plenty of problems , but no reason to lose hope .
The Los Angeles City Council this morning unanimously approved a $ 75,000 reward for information leading to the driver who struck and killed an 18 - year - old University of Southern California student and injured a 19 - year - old male student early Sunday morning .
Update , 12:25 p.m. : The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors has also offered a $ 10,000 reward .
Officials at USC announced that they are offering a $ 50,000 reward as well , bringing the total to $ 135,000 .
Detectives say the driver ran a red light near the intersection of Jefferson Boulevard and Hoover Street and hit Adrianna Bachan and Marcus Garfinkle as they walked in the crosswalk about 3 a.m. Sunday morning .
Bachan died from her injuries at a hospital .
Garfinkle was carried 500 feet on the windshield of the car before the vehicle stopped and a passenger removed his body from the hood of the car and threw him to the ground , according to witnesses .
He is still in serious condition .
Bachan ’s mother , Carmen Bachan , and several of her daughter ’s sorority sisters tearfully asked members of the City Council and the public Wednesday morning for assistance in finding Bachan ’s killer .
“ All I am pleading is whoever saw anything -- please come forward .
I need to catch these animals , ” Bachan told the council .
“ Please I beg you , help . ”
Twitter
" Come to think of it , Bill does n't even have a pool ... he lives in his van . "
- Jim
Alt - Text : @jimpanzee32 dude ?
where u at ?
have n't heard from you in like 2 almost 3 minutes now ...
Posted by fatemeh on 25 Jun 2009 / 0 Comment
Neda Agha -Soltani was fatally shot during a protest in Iran on Saturday , June 20 , 2009 .
May God give her peace and justice .
Several news outlets have reported on her death , and several opinion - makers have heralded her tragic end as a martyrdom for Iran ’s opposition movement .
In Iran , this may be true : Neda ’s death may garner more support and energy for the opposition movement that has been somewhat floundering for the last few days .
While I understand that every movement needs its martyr ( this is Shi’a Iran we ’re talking about –Time explains it for those of you not familiar with the importance of martyrdom in the Shi’a sect ) , I do n’t understand the necessity for the image of her last moments to be splashed across Western news outlets .
Why reprint the image of her corpse , instead of the picture above right ?
Her last moments were filled with shock and drama , as onlookers attempted to stop the bleeding from the fatal gunshot wound in her chest .
They realized they could not help as she began to hemorrhage , and blood ran from her nose , ears , and mouth .
But she is dead now .
And instead of being put to rest , her final , bloody image is being strewn across blogs and Twitter .
Where were all of these interested parties when the dormitories in Iranian universities were raided last week ?
There were plenty of pictures that were just as jarring and horrific .
Neda is not the first person to die in this .
She ’s not the first person whose death has been captured on video camera , either .
But she was young , slender , and pretty , and so Western media images are obsessed with watching her die over and over .
Tami has written about brown bodies , death , and media , and her latest title says it all : “ Must brown people be martyred for Americans to be motivated ? ”
Tami points out :
“ To show brutal images of the dead is generally seen as unseemly and disrespectful .
Consider the uproar when some newspapers published images of a dead American soldier being dragged through the streets of Mogadishu in the early 90s .
But deaths like Neda ’s we feel we must see , need to see .
What does it say when we feel squeamish and protective about the deaths of some , but not others ? … ”
“ I think Americans are fetishizing video of Neda Soltani ’s death in a way they would not if she were a young , blonde , American college student shot down on an American street .
We do not need to see the lifeless bodies of those women in order to care for them .
But people like Neda owe access to their deaths so Americans can access their own humanity . ”
This helps explain the fact that Neda is represented as a corpse just as often as she is represented the way any murdered American woman would be : alive and smiling , usually in a picture given to the media by her family or friends ( see above right ) .
Aside from the talk that she is a martyr for Iran ’s opposition movement , many in the West are using her death to educate themselves about Iran ’s current crisis , viewing Iran through a lens of violence and cruelty , which many add to their current knowledge of the country as repressive , backward , and unsafe for Americans .
Neda ’s death may help Iranians band closer together and become stronger in their fight for a government that treats them with respect , but here in the West , her lifeless body is little more than another reminder of the instability and danger of “ over there ” .
What difference has her death made here in the West ?
As far as I can tell , the only Western response to her death ( aside from the gruesome fact that her last moments are a now common fixture on blogs and news sites ) has been a website , weareallneda.com , where mourners can leave messages to a Neda who cannot read them .
Below the site ’s banner is a stylized rendering of her lifeless face amid a river of blood , shown above left .
The cruelty and horror of Neda ’s death may be a call to action , but her death mask should n’t .
Wife of Spencer Pratt was rushed to hospital while filming ' I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here !'
" Hills " star Heidi Montag was rushed to a Costa Rican hospital Saturday after returning to the filming of " I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! " along with her husband , Spencer Pratt , a rep for the couple confirmed to MTV News on Sunday ( June 7 ) .
UsMagazine.com originally reported the news , saying that Spencer had traveled to the hospital alongside his wife .
A rep for the couple told MTV News that the Us reports were accurate and that he had " no further details at this time . "
TMZ , citing unidentified people on the show 's set , reported that Heidi was rushed to the hospital after " convulsively throwing up " and was " diagnosed with a gastric ulcer . "
The Web site reported that Montag fell ill after she and Spencer had been " held ... in a dark room for a day and a night with only water , rice and beans .
It was designed as punishment because they left the show . "
The couple briefly left the show last week but soon returned , claiming " the devil " had made them leave .
TMZ reported that Montag has left the hospital and is receiving medication for her ailment .
Spencer 's sister , Stephanie Pratt , took to Twitter to comment on the hospitalization , saying , " I 'm really saddened to hear that NBC felt it was OK to punish Speidi so harshly -- and torture them as if they were criminals -- that Heidi was rushed to the hospital and has an IV in her arm after being locked in a dark room for 3 days w no food or water .
[ Please ] pray she will be OK .
" Her family is flying out to see her in the hospital , " Stephanie continued .
" I know they pulled some sh---y antics -- but really NBC ??
Too far . "
On Friday , NBC 's executive vice president of alternative programming Paul Telegdy had called Speidi " everything that 's wrong with America , " adding that in order for the pair to stay on the show they'd be pushed to the limit .
" They are back , and this time they are contrite .
...
Yeah , right .
What they do n't realize is that they are now going to be examined , and their value system utterly deconstructed , " he said .
" These people really are going to bare their souls . "
Miss any of " I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! " this week ?
Then tune in to MTV Sunday at 12 p.m. ET for a marathon of the week 's episodes , followed by " The Hills Presents : Speidi's Wedding Unveiled . "
This post here gives a good understanding of where we ’ve been .
But here I want to discuss the technical issues that have plagued the built in MP match - making .
I ’m going to start this by sounding like a weasel but it is also the truth : The Demigod MP match - making is basically the same as nearly every other RTS out there .
It ’s no better or worse .
The difference – the fatal difference – is the demographic of who is trying to play multiplayer is radically different and the number of people playing multiplayer is radically different .
In short , Demigod ’s built in MP , as it is today and has been since launch , is no better or worse than other RTSs on the market today .
Now , before some of you hit the flame key , let ’s talk about why the experience of people using the built in MP match making has sucked so bad .
First person shooters vs. Real - Time Strategy Games
In games like Call of Duty or Counterstrike or Left4Dead , you are largely dealing with people picking a server from a list , typically based on ping time , and joining it .
The only connection one needs to make is to that server and that server has typically been set up to be as easy to connect to as possible .
In a real - time strategy game , like Supreme Commander or Company of Heroes the connections are peer - to - peer .
Each player has to connect to each other player .
GPGNet ( Supreme Commander )
In Supreme Commander , Gas Powered Games developed GPGNet .
The way it worked is that a person would create a game .
Subsequent people would connect to the host and then enter the lobby .
The game would then try to connect each of the players up and if they failed to connect to one another , they would get a yellow ping and the host would have to eject them .
However , the demographic of Supreme Commander is significantly different from the demographic of Demigod ( as SupCom players here can probably tell you ) .
Casual players of SupCom played mostly single player and the people who played SupCom online tended to be technically savvy and knew to port forward 6073 ( that ’s the port it used ) .
And people who did n’t know what they were doing either quickly got ejected from games or learned to set up their routers .
Demigod
Demigod ’s setup is similar to GPGNet with a couple critical differences .
First , to get into the lobby you currently have to connect to everyone who is in the lobby before getting into the lobby .
However , if you enter the lobby at the same time as someone else , you will get a yellow ( or red 0 ) ping to them .
If you ca n’t connect to them , someone will have to leave and try again or need to be booted out .
Super NAT
To improve connectivity we worked with RakNet to develop a kind of Super NAT Facilitator .
The idea is that we would make it so that everyone could connect to each other and avoid the whole " people need to open their ports ” thing entirely because we knew Demigod would be a multiplayer heavy game .
Unfortunately , the system developed is resource intensive on the servers and when thousands of people showed up , the system started to fall apart .
The result is that people could not connect to people easily inside of the lobby because of the increasing lag ( not ping lag but lag from the servers being overloaded ) and users would just sit there waiting in frustration to get into a game .
During the first week , we basically lost out because of the well known warez users hitting validation and check for updates so we could n’t even begin to dig into the issue of the NAT servers being overwhelmed until last week .
Super NAT fails
But we have encountered edge cases that have turned out to be catastrophic .
Over the past year it seems , an increasing number of ISPs ( we believe , we do n’t have proof so I ’m not naming names here ) are trying to shape their bandwidth use and doing things that make peer - to - peer connections more problematic ( bit torrent uses P2P ) .
The net effect is that some people can only literally connect to 1 or 2 people and are then blocked by their ISP .
So what happens ?
Other people try to join a game and they cannot connect to that guy who is in the lobby because that guy ca n’t accept any more connections .
So then the Super NAT goes into play to try to find a way which in turn takes more and more resources on the NAT .
You get even a handful of those types of users and it gets to be a real problem .
Blocking Port 6000
Then we find out that some routers block incoming traffic to port 6000 .
If you very quickly get a “ NAT connection failed ” that is why .
You will need to tell your router to knock it off – port forward UDP traffic from port 6000 to your IP ( or just have it unblock that port ) .
I only know of a few routers that do this ( Some Dlinks for instance ) .
So why is this taking so long to fix for those people ?
The reason we have to connect to players in the lobby before putting them into the lobby is because Demigod , not us , handle the in game connections .
We hand off the connection ( the socket ) to Demigod once users are connected .
So we ’ve had to spend time developing something that will let us connect people who are in the lobby even which is some very specialized coding .
We have also had to work on setting up Proxy servers for people who just ca n’t connect and that ’s been no trivial thing either .
The build we put up tomorrow is expected to let people get into the lobby as long as they can connect to the host and then connect people once they are in the lobby first by trying direct connect ( that ’s if you port forward 6000 to 6200 to your PC ’s IP ) and then if that does n’t work to use NAT facilitation and if that does n’t work Proxy servers .
But it ’s complex with a lot of moving parts being developed by a team that has been working non -stop for weeks .
Will everyone be happy ?
No .
Because there are people out there for whatever reason just ca n’t connect to other people on the Internet .
There are n’t many of them but at least we can work with them and see what we can do without those users impacting everyone else .
So that ’s where we ’re at .
Personally , I think this kind of stuff should be built into the OS .
As a game developer , I ca n’t even begin to express how frustrated I am that we have to do all this .
If this were an Xbox game or a PS3 game , we would n’t have to do any of this .
We ’d simply hand the user off to the manufacturer ’s already included super mega system and it would take care of it .
I could rant for hours on ( as you can imagine , I ’m extremely tired ) how ridiculous that our reputation , game reviews , and our technical competence are being brought down based on how quickly we can implement something that should already exist by the OS maker ( maybe Games for Windows Live will eventually evolve into this I hope ) .
We expect to put up a new BETA of this tonight and if all goes well release it tomorrow afternoon .
That ’s the plan .
It ’s not a promise .
Given what I ’ve learned in the past 3 weeks , when it comes to Windows networking , router manufacturers , and ISPss never assume anything .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters government may not have the power to reverse the newspaper industry ’s decline .
Gibbs :
No bailout for newspapers
Asked in his Monday briefing if the White House would consider bailing out the newspaper business , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters the government may not have the power to reverse the industry ’s decline .
“ I do n’t know what , in all honesty , government can do about it , ” Gibbs said in response to a question about the Boston Globe ’s financial struggles .
Advertisement
Noting that it's a " bit of a tricky area to get into , " given the relationship between the White House and the media , Gibbs said President Barack Obama “ believes there has to be a strong free press " and expressed " concern and sadness " over the state of the industry .
But Gibbs was n’t just sympathetic — he also twisted the knife a little , digging into reporters who questioned the Obama administration ’s commitment to cutting spending .
“ You guys did n’t think $ 100 million meant a lot a few weeks ago , ” Gibbs said .
“ But looking at some of the balance sheets , $ 100 million seems to mean a lot . ”
Intel 's eight - core Nehalem EX server processor will include a technology derived from its high - end Itanium chips that helps to reduce data corruption and ensure reliable server performance , the company said Tuesday .
The processor will include an error correction feature called MCA Recovery , which will detect and fix errors that could otherwise cause systems to crash , said Boyd Davis , general manager of Intel 's server platforms marketing group , at a press conference .
[ Keep up on the day 's tech news headlines with InfoWorld 's Today 's Headlines : First Look newsletter and InfoWorld Daily podcast . ]
The chip will be able to detect system errors originating in the CPU or system memory and work with the operating system to correct them .
That could help make systems more fault tolerant and provide greater uptime , he said .
Error correction is a feature Intel includes in its high - end Itanium chips , designed for servers that require very high levels of availability .
Itanium uses a different instruction set to x86 server chips and competes more with RISC - based processors like Sun 's Sparc and IBM 's Power .
Though Intel is trying to push the Nehalem EX chips into higher - end environments , Davis brushed off concerns that the processors might cannibalize sales of its more expensive Itanium chips .
Itanium sales are driven largely by software and operating system choices , he said .
For example , customers running Unix - based systems would be more likely to adopt Itanium over Xeon .
In addition , the error correction in Itanium is more advanced than that in the Nehalem EX and can resolve a larger number of errors , Davis said .
" Our expectation is Itanium will be healthy for us based on software " and services , Davis said .
Still , Itanium has been less successful than Intel originally hoped , with only a few vendors such as Hewlett - Packard selling Itanium - based servers .
Last week Intel pushed back the release of the next version of Itanium , code - named Tukwila , to early next year .
It said it wanted to speed the performance of highly threaded workloads .
Including the error correction feature in Nehalem EX marks a shift in Intel 's strategy , said Nathan Brookwood , principal analyst at Insight 64 .
Intel tried to keep Xeon confined to the lower end of the market and wanted customers to buy Itanium for mainframe - type applications .
By equipping Xeon chips with higher - end features , Intel is pushing Xeon up into that market , Brookwood said .
However , customers running legacy applications or who need very high levels of availability , such as stock markets and banks , may continue to buy Itanium systems , he said .
Adding error correction to the Xeon line will be useful as workloads get more complex and use more memory , Davis said .
It may also be helpful as workloads are spread across virtual machines in data centers .
Data corruption in one virtual machine can spread to other VMs and cause a server to crash , Davis said .
Nehalem EX will be able to isolate an error and restart individual virtual machines without crashing an entire system , he said .
The Nehalem EX chips will be the first x86 server chips to include such error correction features , Davis said .
Intel is sampling the chips to server makers , and systems powered by them will begin shipping early next year , Davis said .
Intel wo n't say yet what clockspeeds the chips will run at .
IBM displayed an eight - socket server at Tuesday 's press event with 64 cores running 128 software threads simultaneously .
Intel is targeting the EX processors at high - end systems running data - intensive applications such as databases .
The chips are built on the Nehalem microarchitecture , which improves system speed by cutting data bottlenecks that plagued Intel 's earlier chips .
Intel 's existing Xeon 5500 quad - core chips , which launched in March , are also based on Nehalem .
Along with error correction , servers based on Nehalem EX will include separate buffered memory chips that can temporarily store data alongside the main memory for faster execution .
T hirty - six hours into the municipal workers strike — 36 hours , not days — and Torontonians had already lost their minds in unnecessary panic .
Legislate them back to work !
Take away the right to strike !!
Privatize garbage collection !!!
My goodness .
Get a hold on yourselves , people .
If you can't do without these workers for two days then maybe they should be making three times the salaries they now pull down .
One day of strike and the mayor sounded shrill and desperate – threatening huge fines for illegal dumping of garbage .
By Day 3 , talk radio was abuzz with outraged citizens , in full fume over having to wait an hour to dump waste at city transfer stations .
Electronic news outlets feed the beast with provocative web polls .
And newspaper websites stoke the fires .
Pace yourselves , people .
Save some of the outrage for Week 4 of the strike .
Windsor residents and businesses have now managed to cope through 10 weeks without garbage pickup .
Are they made of sterner stuff ?
And what does that make us ?
Jellyfish ?
If we 're not careful , the rest of the province will think Torontonians soft .
So , suck it up , Hogtown .
Windsor - area MPP
Sandra Pupatello slipped up yesterday and called us " babies . "
She apologized soon after , but no need to apologize for the truth .
Most of the attention has been on garbage , for understandable reasons – the stench , the health concerns , the yuck factor , the unsightly mounds of waste , the prospect of bringing in the Pied Piper ...
But why are journalists asking about the health concerns of piling , rotting , stinking piles of trash on DAY ONE of the strike ?
The questions were posed on Monday , a day before the first person in Toronto would miss the first garbage pickup .
It wo n't be until tomorrow that all Toronto residents miss one trash pickup .
Remember the old days when garbage pickup day fell on a public holiday and you had to store it until the following week ?
Dust off that protocol .
Understand that all the bleating and complaining achieves the opposite of what the aggrieved citizens seem to want – a crushing of the unions and their " outrageous " demands .
( In point of fact , the unions are trying to hold on to gains , some secured by giving up other concessions .
If the city wants an end to the banking of sick days , there must be some sweetener it can add to the mix of benefits that will make the pill easier for the union to swallow . )
Did n't we learn from Mel Lastman 's calling in the army to clear a mountain of snow in 1999 ?
Comics from Cornerbrook to Comox still get laughs just recalling the image .
Speaking of Mel , he 's back in the news – roused from his retirement hibernation by the strike , something he endured three times in his 31 years as mayor in North York and Toronto .
Toronto should have sought a legal injunction to guarantee residents access to waste transfer stations , across picket lines .
" Who the hell is going to wait four hours ? " asked Mel .
" You got kids in the back seats .
It stinks .
The city should have taken out an injunction right away .
Instead , they 're making asses of themselves by picking through garbage and handing out tickets ( to people who dump the trash ) .
They look like they are on the side of the unions . "
Yesterday , the union rallied at Nathan Phillips Square , Sid Ryan delivering a rousing call to arms .
The city continued to outline contingency plans .
And Premier Dalton McGuinty promised to " hold our fire and allow both sides to do what needs doing . "
Common sense , at last .
Royson James usually appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
Email : rjames@thestar.ca
An irregularity is a shape or rule violation .
It supposes that objects are built according to rules but there are exceptional cases that do n’t really fit or do at least violate our expectations of the building law .
An irregularity is singular if the building law is violated in a single case .
The best known example in Python is the syntax of tuples :
( ) # empty tuple ( arg ) # parenthesized expression - no tuple !
( arg , ) # tuple with one element ( arg1 , arg2 , ... ) # tuple with many arguments
Another more recent example is the set syntax in Python 3 which requires an ambiguity resolution involving an empty set and an empty dict :
{ } # empty dict !
set ( ) # empty set !
{ arg } # set with one element { arg1 , arg2 , ... } # set with many elements
Some people suggested to drop parentheses around arguments in function calls .
This leads to an ambiguity between a function object and function call without arguments .
In order to resolve it one might introduce another singular irregularity :
func # object !
func arg1 arg2 ... # function call with arguments func ( ) # function call func ( arg1 , arg2 , ... ) # function call with arguments
Are singular irregularities design mistakes or are they acceptable trade offs for avoiding verbosity and / or the introduction of even more syntax ?
Toby suffered a punctured lung as he fought off the intruder A Labrador who fought to protect its owners from a knife - wielding burglar has been honoured for his bravery .
Toby was stabbed four times in the chest and legs by the intruder but still managed to chase him out .
The Morton family , from Barnoldswick in Lancashire , had been staying at Leconfield Barracks in East Yorkshire .
They awoke to find their pet in a pool of blood .
But the eight - month - old survived and has been awarded by the animal charity , PDSA .
The armed burglar , who attacked Toby with three knives taken from the kitchen , was sentenced to three - and - a - half years for the offence .
Toby suffered a punctured lung in the attack , in June 2007 , as he fought to stop the offender going upstairs to the sleeping family .
After succeeding in chasing the offender out of the building Toby then woke his owner , Jonathan Morton , by barking .
Had it not been for Toby 's determined barking and lunging at the intruder , Mr Morton would not have been aware of the threat to his family .
Chris Heaps , PDSA deputy chairman Mr Morton and his wife Samantha praised their pet 's actions .
He said : " Toby is our hero .
I dread to think what could have happened if he had not intervened that night . "
The Labrador has been presented with the PDSA Certificate for Animal Bravery by the charity 's senior deputy chairman Chris Heaps .
He said : " Had it not been for Toby 's determined barking and lunging at the intruder , Mr Morton would not have been aware of the threat to his family .
" Toby is indeed a worthy recipient of the PDSA Certificate for Animal Bravery . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is it true that Jesus Christ descended from a monkey ?
Last decade , the head of the largest “ Christian ” denomination in the world said that very possibly our precious LORD and Saviour Jesus Christ came from an ape .
But it far safer to agree with the Bible which says Jesus did not descend from a beast .
Click on the small " Pull the Plug " banner above to see its website .
Your granddaddy may have had fur , but I did n’t see any on mine .
Evolution is a nonscientific fairy tale for grown - ups .
The long and short of their monkey - man talk is :
Life went from the goo to the zoo to you !
“ Professing themselves to be wise , they became fools , ” ( Rms 1:22 ) .
Monkey - Man Poem
I once was an ameba in for a swim ,
And then I was a tadpole with my tail tucked in .
Then I was a monkey in a banyan tree ,
And now I am a professor with a Ph.D .
Kin to a Monkey ( song )
I ’m no kin to the monkey ,
The monkey ’s is no kin to me ,
I do n’t know much about your ancestors
But mine did n’t swing from a tree .
Psalms 14 << To the chief Musician , A Psalm of David . >>
1
The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God .
They are corrupt , they have done abominable works ,
there is none that doeth good .
Psalms 53 << To the chief Musician upon Mahalath , Maschil , A Psalm of David . >>
1
The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God .
Corrupt are they , and have done abominable iniquity :
there is none that doeth good .
Fools make a mock at sin …
— Solomon , 1000 BC ( Proverbs 14:9 )
According to the book of Evolution , it all began by a rock turning into a blob and then into a bigger blob ; next a fish jumped out of the water , grew a tail then hung from a tree .
After a long time it grew ears and a mouth , then dropped to the ground and walked into a university .
Now he are a professor !
Scientists on Darwin ’s raft are jumping overboard like rats off a burning ship .
Some claim their ancestors swung in the trees by a tail .
None of my forefathers ever had tails , however , some were horse thieves and several did swing from trees — by the neck !
TORONTO , March 23 ( UPI ) --
The city of Toronto will pay 100 individuals $ 100 each to sit on streets posing as homeless people when it conducts its headcount of street people next month .
An e-mail message sent to city agencies said the volunteers will have to attend a 30 - minute training seminar to be " decoys , " have their locations assigned and then be given a $ 100 prepaid Visa card , the Toronto Sun reported .
Advertisement
In 2006 , the city did its first Street Needs Assessment that also included decoys as a control measure and estimated there were 5,052 homeless people living on the streets and in shelters across the city , the newspaper said .
Homeless advocate Michael Shapcott of the Wellesley Institute told the Sun the $ 10,000 the city is giving away to decoys would be better spent going directly to shelters .
" The decoys are supposed to look like homeless people but a lot of homeless people do n't look like homeless people because it's a survival strategy , " he said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The ailing U.S. steel industry is pressing President - elect Barack Obama for a public works plan that could be worth $ 1 trillion over two years to boost flagging demand for U.S. - made steel , the New York Times reported in Friday ’s editions .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Daniel DiMicco , chairman and chief executive of Nucor Corp , a giant steel maker , told the paper the industry was asking the incoming administration to “ deal with the worst economic slowdown in our lifetime through a recovery program that has in every provision a ‘ buy America ’ clause . ”
The industry supports building mass transit systems , bridges , electric power grids , schools , hospitals and water treatment plants -- all of which would require large amounts of steel .
“ We are sharing with the president - elect ’s transition team our thoughts in terms of the industry ’s policy priorities , ” Nancy Gravatt , a spokeswoman for the American Iron and Steel Institute , was quoted as saying .
Obama , who is to be sworn in as president on January 20 , has not revealed details of his soon - to - be - announced plan for spurring the weakest economy since the Great Depression more than 70 years ago .
Aides have indicated most of the package will probably go into infrastructure spending rather than tax breaks .
“ If the president - elect really follows through , he ’ll fund a lot of mass transit projects , ” said Wilbur Ross , a Wall Street dealmaker who put together a steel conglomerate known as Arcelor Mittal USA .
“ All the big cities have these projects ready to go . ”
Since September , U.S. steel output has plunged about 50 percent to its lowest point since the 1980s , largely because construction and auto production have fallen sharply .
The fall - off in production of appliances , machinery and other electrical equipment has also reduced steel orders , sending the price of a ton of steel down by half since late summer .
Industry executives are “ adding their voices to pleas for a huge public investment program of up to $ 1 trillion over two years , ” the Times reported .
Imports , which account for about 30 percent of all steel sales in the United States , are also hurting as customers disappear , the paper said .
Sun may have the MySQL name , but every one has its open - source code and MySQL co-founder Monty Widenius is taking the popular open - source DBMS ( database management system ) and forking it in a new directions .
It came as no surprise to those who follow MySQL that Monty Program Ab , Widenius ’ MySQL database engineering company , and Percona , a MySQL services and support firm , announced on May 13th that they were forming a vendor - neutral consortium , “ The Open Database Alliance , ” to become MySQL ’s industry hub .
What they have in mind is to use Widenius ’ own branch of MySQL , MariaDB , and its derivative code , binaries , training , support , and other enhancements as the new “ MySQL industry hub . ”
According to Widenius , “ MariaDB will work exactly as MySQL ; all commands , interfaces , libraries and APIs [ Application Programming Interface ] that exist in MySQL also exist in MariaDB . ”
There are differences though .
First , MariaDB will include the Maria DBMS and Prime XT storage engines .
In addition , and , Widenius claims , fewer bugs , better testing , and faster performance .
Widenius has had no love for Sun ’s MySQL releases .
While still Sun ’s CTO for its MySQL division , Widenius publicly dismissed Sun ’s MySQL 5.1 release as being unsuitable for production use .
Thus , MariaDB and the Open Database Alliance can be seen as a true fork of MySQL .
The Open Database Alliance press release , however , states that the intent is “ to unify all MySQL - related development and services , providing a solution to the fragmentation and uncertainty facing the communities , businesses and technical experts involved with MySQL .
Still under development , the Open Database Alliance is open to all businesses , organizations and individuals interested in helping create a new , centralized resource for MySQL and to ensure that it remains a top quality , high performance open source database . ”
In the statement , Widenius said , “ Our goal with the Open Database Alliance is to provide a central clearinghouse for MySQL development , to encourage a true open development environment with community participation , and to ensure that MySQL code remains extremely high quality .
Participating members at this stage in the ‘ Alliance ’ will have a strong voice in how the organization is structured , and we look forward to collaborating with anyone in the industry that provides or depends on MySQL . ”
Whether Oracle / Sun will care to join him in this venture remains to be seen .
Though Gordon Brown may have trumpeted nationwide broadband access as essential for economic growth at the recent Digital Britain summit , a new Oxford University study suggests the barriers to creating a new digital Britain could lie in hearts and minds rather than cables and routers .
Revealing that the gap in positive attitudes towards technology between internet users and non-internet users is widening , the Oxford Internet Survey 2009 found that though 84 per cent of British internet users are extremely confident with new technology , more than half of non-users of the internet distrust them more than they have since 2003 , when the survey began .
Distressingly for a Labour government which has invested heavily in Britain 's online infrastructure , figures suggest socioeconomic factors might be a significant influence on use of the internet , with twice as many people from higher than lower income demographics regularly surfing the web .
Suggesting this trend may in fact be helping to entrench privilege , the study 's authors conclude that the internet is a valuable resource for users " in ways that could well give advantages to them over those who choose not to use the internet . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The study also found a gender disparity in attitudes to new technologies with a greater number of the women surveyed distrusting new technologies .
There were some positive signs however , which suggested that while negative attitudes remain , the proportion of Britons of each gender who use the internet is almost equal after a long term disparity .
Professor Dutton , Director of the Oxford Internet Institute , who were responsible for producing the study questioned the Government 's focus on eliminating the physical rather than psychological barriers to wider use of the internet .
" Digital Britain is heavily focused on government investment in infrastructures and pilot projects , supported in part by a tax on fixed copper lines and a governmental ' Digital Delivery Agency " , he commented .
" The OxIS 2009 survey indicates that the major issues are neither infrastructures nor innovation .
The key concerns are the attitudes and beliefs of individuals uninterested in the Internet .
It will be far less expensive and more effective to focus on informing those who think the Internet is irrelevant to their lives than on building information super - highway projects in the 21st Century . "
Dr Ellen Hesper , a Research Fellow and UK Government Special Advisor on digital inclusion who helped write the report , summed up the challenges facing efforts to increase participation .
" Given the internet 's increasing centrality to everyday life , if Britain is to fulfill government aspirations to become the digital capital of the world , policy makers need to explore how they can engage the considerable section of the population that has negative attitudes towards the Internet , " she said .
" It is not just an issue of access to the technology . "
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
While on the conference call to announce the TV Everywhere initiative being promoted by Time Warner ( s twx ) and Comcast ( s cmcsa ) , I asked Comcast CEO Brian Roberts if the content being streamed as part of this new effort would be free from the 250 GB - a - month bandwidth quota his company has started imposing on this customers .
His answer : No .
The streaming bandwidth consumed when watching videos using the TV everywhere system .
would be counted towards the total monthly bandwidth usage quota .
He said ( and I paraphrase ) that since
You ’re not going to get close enough to hitting the monthly quota anyway , he said , so why worry ?
We ( and many of our readers ) disagree .
We feel that while 250 GB might look very generous today , it is n’t much when you start streaming or downloading HD - quality video .
I think it ’s also disingenuous for the company to promote the usage of web - based video ( and thus the consumption of more bandwidth ) while imposing a meter on the bandwidth and at the same time charging for the same video ( as cable subscription . )
Now that ’s some double - dipping , baby !
Ken Ham is best known for his message on the relevance of creation and the importance of Genesis .
Humorous and easy to read , this book powerfully equips Christians to defend the book of Genesis and opens eyes to the evil effects of evolution on today 's society .
The Bible Prophetically Warns . . .
. . . that in the last days false teachers will introduce destructive lies among the people .
Their purpose is to bring
God 's truth into disrepute and to exploit believers by telling them made - up and imagined stories ( see 2 Peter 2:1 - 3 ) .
Such a Lie Is Among Us — That Lie Is Evolution !
Today many laypeople , ministers , and Christian educators are powerless in their presentation of the gospel .
They have rejected Genesis , the foundation of biblical doctrine .
They have believed the 20th century origins myth — evolution .
Megan
Fox ’s mini dress looked so stunning that it drew all eyes towards her at the MTV Movie Awards in Los Angeles .
The affair was of a stylish black - and - gold color with a rose pattern , with a gold clutch and patent black strapped - on shoes .
It embraced the 23 - year - old Transformers beauty tightly , allowing a fairly good view of all her tattoos .
Megan stepped on the red carpet for a greater glory of the new Transformers film called Revenge of the Fallen , which , however , failed to get as much attention as its gorgeous promoter .
Miley Cyrus , the Hannah Montana wonder girl , was the next one to put in an appearance .
Now the younger star ( Miley is 16 ) chose to present herself after a grown - up fashion .
Her cowl - neck Moschino dress that did n’t show a lot of leg made a respectable and well - poised lady out of her with some ethnic jewellery thrown in .
Only her green nails belied the overall mature turnout .
Miley ’s The Climb from Hannah Montana : The Movie brought her the Best Song From A Movie award .
Megan and Miley were followed by an inflow of movie celebrities like Sandra Bullock , Sienna Miller , Hayden Panettiere and Rumer Willis , to name but a few .
The Sunday in - crowd at Los Angeles ’s Gibson Amphitheatre witnessed the hands - down triumph of Twilight ; the much - admired vampire romance collected as many as five prizes !
Breakthrough Performance Male went to Edward Cullen … that is , London - born Robert Pattinson , a dream male of today ’s vampire admirers .
The Best Fight gong went to the greatest 2009 vampire again together with co-star Cam Giganet .
The sweetest of all gongs – the one for the best kiss – went to the vampire - cum - lover once again and his flame Bella Swan , performed by 20 - year - old Kristen Stewart .
The audience was delighted at their acceptance scene which almost re-lived the memorable Twilight kiss !
Kristen , the Best Female gong winner , moved against the flow turning up in a black and red shift dress teamed with Converse trainers – the outfit that was surely the most relaxed one around .
She actually managed to drop her gold take - home right on the top of saying “ I was just about as awkward as you thought I was going to be… ” !
The romantic atmosphere was disrupted by English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen who showed up all Brüno - gay and pranky ( Brüno being his Austrian fashion reporter character ) .
There ’s no telling whether his attire composing angel ’s wings and white thongs was quite what the tailor ordered for such an occasion , but he did leave one of those present infuriated .
Assisted by a wire contraption , Cohen descended from the heavens favoring rapper Eminem with a direct crotch hit .
The blond guy of hip - hop told him off and made off followed by his bodyguards .
Luckily that was after he had already done his turn of the evening .
Jim Carrey further added to the fun with his gurning demonstration , for he was also there collecting Best Comedic Performance for Yes Man .
Another distinguishing feature of the night was a surprising number of celebs who appeared unescorted .
LeAnn Rimes , for one , was seen without her husband Dean Sheremet .
( She delivered a duet with Chris Isaac . )
Cameron Diaz , alone for the time being , came accompanied by Sofia Vassilieva and Abigail Breslin , who played the parts of her daughters in her newest , My Sister ’s Keeper , based on a best - seller by Jodi Picoult .
Of those arriving coupled were Paris Hilton and Doug Reinhardt who was running the risk of crossing paths with his ex-girlfriend from MTV reality show The Hills Lauren Conrad .
No sparks flying over that , though .
The show which had played up Doug , though , got a run-down opinion from Paris .
“ The show is , like , so lame and fake .
He does n’t even want to be a part of it . ”
Twilight director Catherine Hardwicke , whose trophy was – unsurprisingly – Best Film , also had company in Kelly Brook ’s ex-fiancé Billy Zane .
Source of the image : showstalker.net , justjared.buzznet.com , celebrity - gossip.net , comcast.net , celeb-invasion.com .
Yes or No :
An estimated thirty million Americans use cannabis on a regular basis .
We are your doctors , lawyers , teachers , bankers , judges , police officers , elected officials , accountants , bartenders , dry cleaners ...
Two hundred and thirty American cities play host to violent drug cartels .
Tens of billions of U.S. tax dollars are spent annually to prohibit non-lethal cannabis .
Almost one million people per year are arrested for non-violent marijuana violations .
Drug dealers do n't ask for I.D. and they 're raking in billions of dollars per year selling EVERYTHING on their menu to our children .
After 72 years of expensive , destructive , and unconstitutional prohibition , should the United States government legalize , regulate , and tax cannabis and its derivatives for industrial , medical , and recreational use ?
NEWARK , N.J. , May 13 ( UPI ) --
A native of Mozambique has sued a New Jersey medical school , saying he was suspended for defining himself in class as a " white African - American . "
Paulo Serodio , 45 , is of Portuguese descent .
But his family has lived in Mozambique for several generations .
Advertisement
He told ABC News that he got into trouble at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in Newark in March 2006 when an instructor , Dr. Kathy Ann Duncan , led students in a discussion , asking them for self - definitions .
Serodio's description of himself upset some other students , and he said Duncan later told him never to call himself an " African - American " again because some others found it " offensive . "
Serodio said that he was suspended for unprofessional conduct after he made a similar comment in another class and then wrote an article in the student newspaper trying to explain his ethnic background .
He said that other students also harassed him .
" I would n't wish this to my worst enemy , " he said .
" I 'm not exaggerating .
This has destroyed my life , my career . "
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Moby , Moby interview , Wait for Me , Play
Music Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
It 's hard to believe that it 's been nearly 20 years since Moby released his first single “ Mobility , ” which was the first in a long line of tracks that tore up the dance floor throughout the ‘ 90s .
And it 's even harder to believe that it 's been 10 years since he helped bring electronic music to the mainstream with his multi-platinum smash Play .
After flirting with commercial popularity for a few years , Moby 's back to making records on his own terms with Wait for Me , a quiet , nearly ambient collection of somber and meditative music that he recorded in his home with some of his friends .
Recently Moby spoke with Bullz - Eye about the recording and creative process , his waning popularity in America , and what he thinks the future of the record industry holds .
Bullz - Eye : I was listening to this album while driving late one night and it's really good music to listen to at 2:00 AM when you 're lost in the middle of nowhere .
Moby : Yeah ... that makes sense .
BE : This is a departure from Last Night , which was a dance record .
Did this record just naturally become a more meditative album on its own , or was it a conscious decision ?
" As sad as this might sound , I sell more records in Belgium than I do in America .
Even though I was born in the United States and I live in the United States , in terms of status or in terms of my record sales , it ’s quite a small country . "
Moby : I realized I love loud punk rock and I like loud dance music , but if I go through my record collection , the records that really mean the most to me are things like Nick Drake , or Joy Division , or even like the recent Bon Iver record .
Records that tend to be quieter or more personal , or more introspective .
With this record I just wanted to make … instead of making a record that you would play at a party at midnight , you 'd play it on 9 o'clock on a rainy Sunday morning .
BE : So it 's the record you 'd listen to after Last Night .
Moby : Yeah , it 's a hangover record .
BE : I saw that you recorded it entirely analog .
Moby : Well , I used ProTools , but apart from ProTools every aspect of the recording and mixing was analog and quite lo -fi , using a lot of old synths and a lot of old drum machines .
A lot of times when people record drums now , they use about 15 different microphones and they try to make the drums as big as possible .
With this record , I only used two microphones , because I wanted the whole record to sound much more atmospheric and spacious .
BE : Do you do most of your recording analog ?
Moby : I 've done some records that were much more professionally recorded .
I made an album a few years ago called Hotel , and I just was n't happy with the way it sounded , because it sounds too big and too professional .
And I just realized I do n't like big , professional sounding records .
BE : I read that you were inspired after hearing David Lynch talk at the BAFTAS and talking about how artists should create art just for the reason of creating it .
Moby : Yeah , the world in which we live , especially living in New York , so often art and music and literature are judged not by how they affect people but by how much money they make .
And I find that really kind of unhealthy .
And so for myself , it was really nice to David Lynch talk about creativity because he was just talking about creative expression being fine in and of itself .
And not necessarily being valid because it makes money , but being valid because it 's made with good intentions and it potentially affects people emotionally .
And the truth is , if I look at the world of commercial music in 2009 , it 's really depressing .
A lot of people making tons and tons of compromises just to make some money .
Sometimes some musicians can be good at compromising that can actually lead to an interesting record , but I think more often than not compromising just ends up watering down the end result .
BE : You think that 's happening more and more because record sales are down ?
Moby : Yeah , the major labels are all really desperate .
The major labels are doing anything they can to try and generate some money , and unfortunately musicians are being given a lot of pressure to not necessarily make great albums but to try and generate money for their record labels .
I guess I 'm grateful for the fact that I somehow seem to be exempt of that .
BE : Did you produce [ Wait for Me ] ?
Moby :
For better or worse , I do the engineering and producing and play the instruments and write the songs .
I mean , the good side of that is just having the autonomy , but the bad side is if a song is n't very good or if record does n't work out , I do n't have anyone else to blame .
BE : I watched the interview online between you and Lynch .
Are you two friends ?
Moby : Yeah , we 're friends .
He 's probably my favorite American film director of all time .
I 've seen every movie he 's made two or three times .
It 's interesting becoming friends with your heroes .
His movies are quite dark , but as a person he 's very friendly and very kind and very supportive .
BE : What does he think of “ Go , ” which samples the “ Twin Peaks ” theme ?
Moby :
As far as I know he likes it .
Legally , I had to get his approval to do that , and he gave his approval so I can only hope that means he liked it .
BE : One track that really stuck out for me on Wait for Me was “ Mistake . ”
Who sings on that track ?
Moby :
That 's me .
BE : That 's you ?
I did n't recognize your voice .
I thought it was Bowie at first .
" The major labels are doing anything they can to try and generate some money , and unfortunately musicians are being given a lot of pressure to not necessarily make great albums but to try and generate money for their record labels . ”
Moby : A few people have commented in similar ways .
Someone we work with actually called up my manager and asked how we got David Bowie to sing on the record .
I have to say that 's probably the biggest compliment I ever got in my entire life .
I love David Bowie and I think David Bowie has an amazing voice and I really do n't think of myself as a singer , so to be compared to David Bowie is about the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me .
BE : You recently did an ambient show .
How did that happen ?
Moby :
The ambient show was really just a one - off fundraiser for a place called the ISSUE Project , which is an experimental theater out in Brooklyn .
BE : How is an ambient show different from your other shows ?
Moby :
The ambient show was just me on stage with a bunch of electronics and a laptop , and it was just [ me playing ] some new unreleased things , and a lot of older more instrumental pieces that I 've made in the past that have never been performed live .
Visually , the only thing going on were the projections , normally when I 'm playing live I 'm playing guitar or I 'm playing keyboards or I 'm playing percussion .
But this , there really was n't anything to look at expect for me playing with some electronics and some really lovely projections .
BE : Are you going to do any more of those shows ?
Moby : I do n't know , actually .
As much as I enjoyed it , I felt like the audience might have been a little bit bored because parts of the show were very quiet and it was n't like there was a band to watch .
It was just a bald guy with electronics and some nice visuals .
BE : Do you think you might record more music like that ?
Moby : Yeah , I love , I mean , even on this album , there 's quite a lot of quieter more ambient music .
I really love music that instantly creates an interesting atmosphere .
And the same was that I love some of David Bowie 's ambient work and Brian Eno ’s ambient work .
I guess I 've always wanted it be part of what I do .
BE : The song “ Study War , ” is that a sampled voice ?
Moby :
Yes , it 's a sample , but unfortunately I really do n't know where it comes from .
I sampled it and I forgot to write down where I sampled it from , so I do n't know who it is .
BE : Is that the only sampled vocal on the album ?
Moby :
There 's a song called “ A Seated Night ” that has a sampled vocal choir on it .
As far as I know those are the only two samples on the record .
BE : Is that something you 've tried to get away from after Play and 18 ?
" Honestly , I 'm flattered if anyone makes an effort to listen to my music .
If they want to pay for it , that 's great , but I 'd certainly rather someone steal my music than not listen to it . ” "
Moby : Maybe .
I guess I have .
At least half of the songs on Play were based on vocal samples , and I do n't really do it so much anymore .
It was n't a conscious choice ; it just kind of ended up that way .
BE : I do n't think Hotel has any vocal samples on it .
Moby : Hotel was just a completely produced , very professionally sounding , almost like a rock record .
I almost wish I could go back and re-record it , because I just think the way I recorded and produced it was very professional and slick , and I do n't really like professional and slick records .
I just kind of wish instead of working in a big outside studio , I just made it at home by myself and made it sound a lot rougher and more lo-fi .
BE : Do you record most of your stuff at home now ?
Moby : Everything .
I have a studio at home , but it 's really just a small bedroom that has a bunch of equipment in it .
It does n't resemble a professional studio in any sense of the word .
Normally you walk into a professional studio , and it ’s big and it has big fancy equipment and leather couches and a big room with drums , and this is really just a small New York bedroom that has a drum set and some equipment in it .
BE : What does that add to making the record ?
Moby :
It 's just me working by myself , so I can work at anytime and it does n't cost me anything to record , so I can be a lot more experimental .
If you 're working [ in ] a professional studio , the clock is always ticking and there 's all those people around , and I find that to be very inhibiting .
Working at home , I can experiment more , I can try out new strange things , and if they do n't work , they do n't work , but at least I have n't wasted any money trying it out .
BE : Is that something that 's easier to do nowadays than it was 10 years ago ?
Moby :
It 's definitely become a lot easier , especially with ProTools .
With ProTools you can experiment as much as you want , and you can just document everything , and then at some point you can go back and edit and find out what ’s worth keeping and what ’s not .
What I like to do is find a nice balance between new technology and old technology .
Old technology tends to have really interesting sonic characteristics , and new technology is great for something like ProTools because it enables [ you ] to record everything .
BE : What was some of the old equipment you used ?
Moby :
My favorite old synthesizers are by Korg and Univox , and I think Univox actually became Korg , I 'm not sure .
( Note : Korg indeed bought Univox ’s parent company Unicord in 1985 . )
Most of the synthesizers on the record are pre-1979 , 1980s .
So some old Univox and Korg synthesizers , some old Roland synthesizers like the Juno 106 and the Jupiter 6 .
BE : Are any of those modular ?
Moby :
One of the Korg synths I have is an old modular synth , and I have this very strange homemade synthesizer called a Serge because it was made by a Russian guy named Serge .
It ’s hard to even call it a musical instrument ; it 's more just a strange electronic sound - generating machine .
A lot old guys in the world of electronic music have a Serge .
I know Vince Clarke from Erasure has one , and Martin Gore from Depeche Mode has one , too .
BE : Will you be touring America this year ?
Moby : I think so .
Right now all I have planned is two months in Europe .
The truth is I 'm a little bit apprehensive about touring America because I do n't know how many people will come to my shows .
As sad as this might sound , I sell more records in Belgium than I do in America .
Even though I was born in the United States and I live in the United States , in terms of status or in terms of record sales , it ’s quite a small [ percentage of my total sales ] .
The last couple records I made , I actually sold more records in Canada than I did in America .
I 'm probably going to tour in the States , but I have visions of standing on stage with , like , 10 people standing in the audience .
BE : Electronic music has always been more popular in other countries than it has been in America , and given the tastes in America right now , maybe you do n't want to be popular in America .
Moby :
There 's a lot of good music coming out of America , but the music that I like that 's coming out of the states these days tends to be small and independent .
There is n't too much in the pop charts that inspires me in the States .
BE : Speaking of pop , I heard you wanted to do a record with Britney Spears .
Moby : I had this idea when she was having her meltdown .
I actually contacted her management and said maybe she and I would spend a week in a studio somewhere and make a really strange , interesting lo - fi dance record .
Not a slick pop record – bring in some old drum machines and some interesting percussion and make a minimal dance record , but I do n't think her management was too excited with that idea .
BE : Ever have the urge to try something completely unexpected , like another record like Animal Rights or something under the Voodoo Child pseudonym ?
Moby : I like working under a pseudonym , but there 's so much music out there it's become really inexpensive and easy for people to make music and release music , so I almost feel like if I 'm going to release a record , I have to think about it beforehand .
It would be easy to put out a record every three months .
I think I have to edit myself more and be a little bit more selective .
And also I got mobygratis.com .
It 's a website I started that gives free music away to filmmakers , so a lot of the more really odd experimental stuff I do has gone up on Mobygratis.com .
BE : I would think also that a lot of people would know now .
Moby : Yeah , I read books that are written by authors that work with pseudonyms , but on the author page they tell you who the author is .
And I wonder to myself , it sort of defeats the purpose .
I 'd almost rather just put out a record once a year under my own name , and make the records a bit more experimental and idiosyncratic .
BE : Will there be remixes to Wait for Me ?
Moby :
There are , and they 're going to be dance - oriented , but the idea is to have remixes that someone would play at five in the morning than one in the morning , like quieter , more experimental , not floor - filling dance remixes .
BE : Are those going to be released on an album ?
Moby : I think so , I just do n't know how .
With remixes , especially because the record business has fallen apart , I feel that on one hand people can sit back and cry about how people do n't make money off of selling records anymore , or you can see it as almost as emancipating and a way to release records in a more creative way .
If we were gonna put out a remix album , maybe I would just rent a record store in Iceland and just sell it in that store .
Bjork and Sigur Ros could come by and get their own copy .
BE : Did n't you release an album for The Times in England ?
Moby : Yeah , they do these things called cover mounts , where they put a CD on the cover of the Sunday magazine , and it ’s interesting because it reaches a lot of people who otherwise might not hear the music you 're making .
It 's almost like a weird personal greatest hits record so doing things like that – the music business has changed so much so musicians , we can kind of do whatever we want as long as we 're willing to not make money off of it .
BE : So how do you make money ?
Moby :
Well , I got a pretty simple life .
I own my studio in Manhattan , I bought my apartment quite a while ago , it costs me $ 300 a month to keep it up and running , maybe $ 400 - $ 500 if you add electricity .
My expenses are simple ; I do n't have a car , I do n't a have swimming pool , I do n't have alimony or child support to pay , so the nice thing is that it means I can make decisions , the decisions I make professionally almost never have anything to do with money .
Like , putting out this album and doing the promotion .
I 'm not trying to make myself more famous , I 'm not trying to make myself more rich .
I 'm just trying to draw attention to an album I made that I really care about .
I was asked how I felt about piracy .
Honestly , I 'm just flattered if anyone makes an effort to listen to my music .
If they want to pay for it , that 's great , but I 'd certainly rather someone steal my music than not listen to it .
If someone wants to buy one of my records of course I ’m happy ; it means my friends at Mute Records can continue to go to work , but at the same time I make music for the sole reason that I love making music and I 'm really flattered and thrilled if anyone makes the effort to listen to it , so I really do n't care how they listen to it .
BE : I 'm sure you get asked this a lot since Play , but are there any plans to license to anything off Wait for Me ?
It 's funny , I was so criticized for licensing music from Play that I really do n't do that much licensing , the irony being that I still get criticized for it .
But having said that , if there 's an interesting movie or interesting TV show and they want music and they want to use my music I 'll probably say yes , because I 'm selfish and I want people to listen to the music I make .
Are you looking for tips to help you get into shape ?
If so , here are 5 fitness tips you should know about .
1. Train With Light And Heavy Weight
When people want to gain muscle , they tend to stick with heavy weight .
When they want to get ripped , they tend to stick with light weight .
However , if you want to get the best results , then your workout regime should consist of training with light weight , heavy weight , high reps and low reps .
Training this way will give you the best of both worlds .
Also , to balance things out , half your workout should consist of training with heavy weight and the other half should consist of training with light weight .
2. Do Cardio Daily
There is no way around it , if you want to get into shape and stay in shape , then you need to do cardio .
You do n’t necessarily have to do a lot of cardio , but you do want to do high - intensity cardio .
If you ’re not able to do high - intensity cardio , then you can do things such as long walks , jumping jacks or cycling .
The key is to do cardio daily or at least 5 - 6 days per week .
Running , jogging , cycling , dancing and the elliptical are some of the best forms of cardio .
Also , feel free to mix up your cardio workouts or do different cardio workouts daily .
3. Eat Sensibly
Diet and nutrition plays a huge role in fitness .
If your goal is to get into shape , then you need to eat right .
This does n’t mean you have to follow a strict diet , but you do want to eat with commonsense in mind .
This means stay away from sugary foods and drinks .
Everyone knows what types of junk food they should stay away from , but they find it difficult .
There are things you can do to increase your chances of staying away from bad food , and one of those things is keeping fruit in your home .
When you get a sugar craving , then you can eat fruit instead of junk food .
When you combine healthy eating habits with exercise , then you will slowly change your body over time and before you know it you will look better and feel better .
4. Bring Lunch With You To Work
All too often , people ruin their fitness goals because they get hungry while they are at work and instead of eating a healthy lunch , they head to the nearest fast food restaurant .
If you ’re serious about getting in shape , then you need to get serious about your lunch , even if you work a hectic job or have a short lunch break .
What you should do is prepare your lunch the night before you go to work , and you should eat things such as grilled chicken salad with no dressing or grilled chicken sandwiches on wholegrain bread .
Also make sure to visit this legal steroids here website social pages to get way more information on diets , bodybuilding , supplements .
5. Do Squats Throughout The Day
The squat is the king of all leg exercises and it is one of the best exercises you can do to improve your fitness levels and physique .
Best of all , you can do squats anywhere and anytime , and you do n’t need weights .
If you want to get in shape , then do body weight squats throughout the day .
You can do 3 - 4 quick sets first thing in the morning and another 3 - 4 quick sets in the afternoon , followed by 3 - 4 more sets late afternoon and another 3 - 4 sets in the evening time .
Also , do squats throughout the day , even on the days you train with the weights and the number of reps you do per set is completely up to you .
Implement those 5 fitness tips today and start getting into better shape .
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 13 de mayo de 2009
Horacio Jim�nez | El Universal
17:52
El l�der nacional del Partido Acci�n Nacional , Germ�n Mart�nez asegur� que en su instituto pol�tico “ no hacemos campa�a an�nima ” , en respuesta a las acusaciones de que el blanquiazul es el autor del spot contra el gobernador de Veracruz , Fidel Herrera .
Mart�nez C�zares dijo tajante : “ yo doy la cara , a usted le consta y a ustedes les consta ( a la prensa ) .
Yo doy la cara con mis afirmaciones , con mis afirmaciones del partido ” .
En entrevista en la sede nacional del PAN , arremeti� contra el Instituto Federal Electoral ( IFE ) por haber tomado la decisi�n de bajar el spot contra el gobernador veracruzano .
" Yo no quiero que nuestra democracia mexicana sea una democracia m�s silenciada , yo no quiero que el IFE censure " , dijo .
Ayer , por considerar que utilizan expresiones denigrantes y calumniosas contra el gobernador de Veracruz Fidel Herrera , por primera vez el IFE orden� al distribuidor de YouTube en M�xico , que retire dicho spot de su sitio electr�nico .
�
The US listed polar bears as an endangered species last year
The US government has opted to retain a Bush - era rule that limits protection for polar bears from the effects of global warming .
Environmental groups had been calling for the rule to be lifted , and the US Congress had given Interior Secretary Ken Salazar the power to do so .
Mr Salazar said lifting the rule would create " uncertainty and confusion " .
The rule means the government will act only against threats to polar bears that arise in their Arctic habitat .
' Industry pressure '
The US Environmental Protection Agency designated polar bears an endangered species last year , because their habitats were disappearing as ice - caps melted .
Environmentalists seized on the ruling , arguing that endangered species were entitled to heightened protection under US law and that the government was therefore obliged to crack down on the carbon emissions causing global warming .
The Endangered Species
Act bars federal agencies from " taking actions that are likely to jeopardise the species or adversely modify its critical habitat " , and lays down civil and criminal penalties for people that kill or injure designated animals .
The Endangered Species
Act is not the proper mechanism for controlling our nation 's carbon emissions
Ken Salazar
Interior Secretary
But the Bush administration passed a rule exempting " activities outside the bear 's range , such as emission of greenhouse gases " from prohibition .
It is this rule that the Obama administration has decided to let stand .
" The Endangered Species Act is not the proper mechanism for controlling our nation 's carbon emissions , " Mr Salazar said .
" Instead , we need a comprehensive energy and climate strategy that curbs climate change and its impacts . "
But the decision has angered environmental groups .
Mr Salazar 's move " only serves to cement the Bush administration 's legacy of ignoring global warming science , thus putting the polar bear at further risk of extinction " , said Melanie Duchin , a Greenpeace campaigner in Alaska , in a statement .
" Regrettably , it seems to reflect an emerging willingness by the Obama administration to ignore clear scientific imperatives on global warming in the face of industry pressure . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If Internet Commenters Had a Magazine
If the internet commenting community had a magazine , here 's what the cover would look like .
Some supermarket salads contain more fat than a Big Mac and fries , it was revealed today .
According to consumer group Which ? , leafy lunches stocked at Morrisons and Asda are among the least healthy options .
The Smedleys Atlantic Prawn Marie Rose Salad , sold at a number of supermarkets including Morrisons , contains 855 calories and 66.3g fat - 70 per cent of the fat a man should eat in a day .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In contrast , a Big Mac and medium portion of fries contains 820 calories and 40g of fat .
Another " unhealthy " pre-packed salad was the Asda Chicken Caesar Pasta Salad which contained 41g of fat - again more than a Big Mac and fries and nearly as much as six Cadbury 's Creme eggs .
Almost a quarter of this salad was made up of high - calorie sauce - 13 per cent mayonnaise and 10 per cent Caesar dressing .
Creamy sauces were often the reason why salads were so surprisingly high in calories and fat , the report found .
Mayonnaise dressing was the second highest ingredient in an M&S Pasta with Tomato & Basil Chicken salad which had 760 calories and 46g fat .
Sainsbury 's Tomato & Basil Chicken salad was also revealed to be comparatively high in fat .
The report , which highlighted differences in the labelling of salads , said it was sometimes difficult for consumers to identify the fat content of a meal .
Findings showed the Tesco Tuna Layered Salad only listed calories per half pack rather than showing the 550 calories and 41g fat found in a full salad .
Martyn Hocking , of Which ? , said : " If you thought your high - street salad was healthy , you could be in for a surprise .
" Which ? has found that there were large differences between the amount of fat , saturated fat , salt and calories in pre-packaged salads .
" This latest research backs up what we 've been saying for ages - a clear , consistent labelling scheme is important to help people spot how much fat , sugar and salt is in the food they 're buying . "
But Morrisons termed the report " misleading " and said it misrepresented the company .
A spokesman said : " Morrisons sells around 1.5 million salads each week , and this particular branded line accounts for less than one tenth of one per cent of those sales .
" The comparison is absurd , Which ?
Is weighing up a mayonnaise based product against a leafy salad .
It 's not comparing like with like . "
A spokesman for Asda added : " We are the only supermarket that gives customers the benefit of traffic light colours , guideline daily amounts , grams of nutrients per portion and the words ' high ' , ' medium ' and ' low ' on our products , the very labelling system that Which ? is calling for and has recommended by the Food Standards Agency .
" Unlike other retailers , our customers can see at a glance which of our wide range of salads are the healthiest and which are a bit more of an indulgence . "
And Sainsbury 's insisted it offered " a range of salads " to cater for a broad spectrum of customers .
A spokesman said : " The salad highlighted by Which ?
is clearly labelled red for fat but is also labelled green for saturates as it contains only 2.1g of saturated fat as a result of the work we have done to reduce saturate levels across all of our own label ranges .
It is also labelled green for salt and sugars . "
Which ?
sampled 20 pre-packed salads on the high street to compile its report .
Of these , it found several " healthy options " including Sainsbury 's Rainbow Salad which contains soya beans and lentils and Sainsbury 's Thai Chicken Noodle is low in fat , salt and sat fat .
Both salads came with dressing in a separate container .
Which ?
is calling for food companies to adopt one type of label so shoppers can clearly identify levels of fat , sugar and salt .
2009
En el siguiente vídeo podremos apreciar al presidente municipal de Tuxpan , Veracruz ( Fiel a Veracruz , Late con Fuerza ( sarcasmo ) ) , aunque en el vídeo no se aprecia infraganti en la prepotencia que se comenta , el presidente ordena a los oficiales que se encarguen del / los sujetos que creé lo grabaron infraganti , y sin poder acusarle de nada los retienen a media calle dentro de su vehículo , los oficiales o policías en lugar de hacer lo que yo creía que era su trabajo sirven a los intereses de la persona con poder , imagínense si nos pasa a nosotros , a quien acudir ??
a la policía ??
Si entre ellos mismos se pelean y amenazan .
ya me imagino : polecia !!!
polecia !!!
auxilio los otros polecias me retiene en contra de mi voluntad y no se que me van a haceeeeeeeer … .
HECF .
Cortesía de LUNA
Elba Leonor Diaz Soccarras N.J. Dept. of Human Services via AP TRENTON , N.J. ( AP ) 
A mute elderly woman known only as " Jane Doe " since she was found wandering in a mall in New Jersey 15 years ago has finally been identified .
Lt. Eduardo Ojeda of the New Jersey Department of Human Services police discovered recently that the woman is Colombian - born Elba Leonor Diaz Soccarras , who turns 75 on March 28 .
She has Alzheimer 's disease and has been bedridden in a New Jersey psychiatric hospital for years .
Her identity , partly obscured because she and her daughter had a falling out , was established thanks to tips from the public and Colombian officials .
Ojeda said her case file landed on his desk six years ago and that he exhausted all means to try to determine her identity .
" It was always on my mind , it really kind of bothered me , " Ojeda said .
" As someone said : ' You do n't find peace until you find all the pieces . " '
Soccarras was found at the Woodbridge Center mall in 1994 .
She was well - dressed and carrying an empty purse , but was disoriented and unable to speak .
Her fingerprints yielded no database hits .
Unable to determine if she was a U.S. citizen , and therefore eligible for nursing home placement under government benefits , she was committed to a New Jersey psychiatric hospital .
Ojeda decided to launch a public appeal after receiving a call last summer from the New Jersey courts , where Soccarras ' institutionalization was up for periodic review .
Tips flooded in :
She had lived in Brooklyn for years , supporting her only daughter with various factory jobs .
She was the elderly woman frequently seen wandering around Woodbridge , ordering a cheeseburger and a cup of coffee at a fast food restaurant nearly every day .
She was frequently spotted , her hair always nicely done , wandering outside a Woodbridge grocery store carrying two shopping bags full of clothes .
She even once uttered part of her name .
Tips also led them to her daughter , still living in Brooklyn , whose birth certificate revealed Soccarras ' full name and nationality .
The daughter , whom Ojeda declined to name , said they had a falling out when the daughter was young and had n't spoken since .
The woman was shocked to hear about her mother because she assumed Soccarras had returned to Colombia decades ago .
Ojeda said those who had known Soccarras described her as a humble , hardworking , churchgoing woman who " fell prey to this disease , " now an advanced case of Alzheimer's .
With help from the Colombian consulate in New York , investigators discovered Soccarras had emigrated legally in 1969 from the town of Villanueva , where she grew up with six siblings , in the La Guajira region of Colombia .
With Soccarras ' identity and legal immigration status established , she has been approved for assistance and government health benefits and is awaiting transfer to a nursing home , according to New Jersey 's Department of Human Services .
It may never be known how Soccarras ended up in New Jersey or came to be abandoned at the mall .
Ojeda , 52 , said the case always haunted him .
" Every person , no matter what , has the right to die with the dignity of a first and last name , " he said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
CookforGood.com has a compelling set of instructions for how to shop and cook inexpensively enough to live on food stamps .
Well thought out and presented .
This is a long and ongoing discussion — worthy of a cookbook , really — but here is a nice start .
The person who brought this challenge to my attention is Jill Richardson , who runs lavidalocavore.org ( fast becoming my favorite ) and who argues that people on food stamps may be not only short on cash but without easy transportation to adequate grocery stores .
Ms. Richardson also maintains that food stamp recipients may not have the cooking equipment and / or skill needed to get the cooking done .
She proceeds to quote the often brilliant Adam Drewnowski , thusly :
“ When you suggest that people buy rice , pasta , and beans , you presuppose that they have resources for capital investment for future meals , a kitchen , pots , pans , utensils , gas , electricity , a refrigerator , a home with rent paid , the time to cook .
Those healthy rice and beans can take hours ; another class bias is that poor people ’s time is worthless . ”
Part of this is true :
If you do n’t have a kitchen it is really hard to cook ( though , modesty aside , I once lived for six months with nothing more than a hot plate and a microwave and wrote most of my columns without borrowing friends ’ kitchens ) .
One can argue that we do need to address all these issues : transportation , housing , the urban food deserts , poverty .
But meanwhile , many people could probably benefit from the idea that cooking cheaply can be done , and in much healthier fashion than buying chili dogs and donuts at the local convenience store .
Assuming a kitchen , a stove , running water , etc. , cooking is not that time - consuming — it can be done while performing other household chores , or for that matter by using a slow cooker , which takes almost no time at all , since it ’s almost entirely unattended .
No . it ’s not automatic .
It ’s not a true no -brainer .
But it ’s been done by the most varied assortment of the world ’s citizens imaginable , since humans stood upright .
You do n’t need a capital investment for rice and beans , any more than you do for cheeseburgers and fries .
You do n’t need more than ten dollars worth of cooking equipment to get started , either .
And while it ’s true that the ten dollars is hard to come by for some people , the point is this :
You can cook less expensively than you can buy fast food , junk food , processed , packaged , and prepared food – and you can get enough sound calories to live better .
One more myth I ’d like to tackle here .
The idea that death and destruction lie in the “ middle aisles ” of supermarkets , and the “ real ” food is found in the periphery is outdated .
In those middle aisles one can find rice , beans , sometime - decent canned foods , sometime - decent frozen vegetables , whole grains and whole grain cereals , and other real food .
Democratic Governor Phil Bredesen of Tennessee has vetoed only six bills in his seven years in office , and until last week , the Legislature had never overridden a single one .
But lawmakers were determined to overcome Bredesen ’s objections when it came to allowing Tennesseans to carry handguns in bars .
On Thursday the Tennessee Senate followed the state House in overriding the governor ’s veto , and by next month , permit - holding residents can begin taking their sidearms with them when visiting their local tavern .
Democratic state Senator Doug Jackson sponsored the so - called guns - in - bars bill to allow law - abiding citizens the ability to protect themselves .
Bredesen , on the other hand , said the new law is “ an invitation to disaster , ” and added that he has no regrets about vetoing the bill .
Gary Jeffers , who has worked as a bouncer in bars , called the decision “ the dumbest move that anybody in the Legislature has made in my lifetime . ”
In the wake of the veto override , the governor said he may not veto another bill that would allow permit holders to take their guns into state and local parks .
There are nearly 223,000 residents in Tennessee licensed to carry handguns , according to the state Department of Safety .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Advertisements
Glenn
Beck went on a wild rant on his radio show today .
He concluded that President Obama wants to appoint a Marxist judge to the Supreme Court , because Obama used the word compassion when talking about his potential Supreme Court pick .
Beck said that the word compassion is Marxist code .
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
Advertisements
Beck went into red scare mode over what Obama said that he was looking for in a Supreme Court justice , “ Barack Obama comes out says he wants somebody who lives in the real world , somebody who is compassionate , and somebody who understands social justice .
That ’s code language for Marxism ..
A progressive is enlightened .
Marxism is at the barrel of a gun .
That is the difference to these guys .
Really ?
Yeah , you telling me that you are not doing things from a barrel of a gun , you ’re going to have to .
They are going to have to . ”
This has to be one of the craziest things that I have ever heard .
Let me ask you this ?
What would it matter if Obama did appoint a Marxist to the Supreme Court ?
As one of nine voters , what can a single justice accomplish alone ?
The notion that Obama is speaking in some sort of code that only liberals understand has been gaining popularity .
Sen . Orrin Hatch referred to Obama speaking in code yesterday on ABC’s This Week .
However , Hatch ’s version of the Obama code states that Obama is selecting a liberal activist judge , where as Beck thinks that Obama is launching a Marxist state by appointing a Supreme Court justice , which makes absolutely no sense .
Compassion is Marxist ?
Well I guess all of those Republicans who bought into George W. Bush ’s compassionate conservatism were really endorsing Marxist conservatism , which is a term that makes no sense , but when it comes to Glenn Beck logic is optional .
Promoting the health of young children , before five years of age , could save society up to $ 65 billion in future health care costs , according to an examination of childhood health conducted by researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health .
The results are published in the May 15 , 2009 , issue of Academic Pediatrics .
" Our review found convincing evidence that the four health problems we studied - - early life tobacco exposure , unintentional injury , obesity and mental health -- constitute significant burdens on the health of preschool - age children and are antecedents of health problems across the life span , " said Bernard Guyer , MD , lead author of the study and the Zanvyl Kreiger Professor of Children 's Health with the Bloomberg School 's Department of Population , Family and Reproductive Health .
" These health problems affect approximately one - third to one - half of children born in the U.S. , and we estimated that total lifetime societal cost could be about $ 50,000 per child -- which translates to $ 65--100 billion for the entire birth cohort of children .
The currently available research justifies targeted investments in early childhood health promotion as a means to averting future health costs and improving overall health during their life span . "
Researchers conducted a systematic review of early childhood interventions using multiple health databases : PubMEd , PsycINFO , National Health Service Economic Evaluation Database , the National Bureau of Economic Research working paper database and EconLit .
Guyer and his colleagues examined the magnitude of the future effects of tobacco exposure , unintentional injury , obesity and mental health .
They looked at prevalence of these issues during the target age period , their cost implications across the life span , the availability of preventive interventions in this period of life and evidence indicating that prevention of these problems early in life would pay off or save costs in the future .
Researchers found that the available evidence for the effectiveness of intervention in this age group was strongest in the case of preventing tobacco exposure and controlling unintentional injuries .
Smoking impacts young children through prenatal exposure and environmental tobacco smoke .
In the U.S. , an estimated 25 percent of children are exposed to environmental tobacco smoke by household members , and 500,000 babies are born annually to mothers who smoke during pregnancy , according to tobacco prevention studies .
Environmental tobacco smoke programs specifically aimed at reducing exposure to children within the first five years of life would produce an estimated cost savings of $ 500 million .
Injuries are the leading cause of death , disabilities and health care utilization for U.S. children and teenagers between the ages of 1 and 19 .
Recent studies have concluded that both fatal and nonfatal injuries among children from infancy to four years resulted in $ 4.7 billion for lifelong medical costs and $ 14 billion for present and future productivity losses .
While obesity among preschoolers has recently been recognized as a major health problem , age - appropriate prevention and intervention strategies are still lacking .
Researchers believe there is a need for carefully targeted research to examine the relationship between early childhood preventive interventions and health outcomes across the life course .
" The four children 's health topics selected demonstrate that the policy solutions needed to address them go well beyond the medical model of a doctor treating a sick child , " said Sai Ma , PhD , corresponding author of the study and an assistant scientist with the Bloomberg School 's Department of Population , Family and Reproductive Health .
" Meeting the underlying health needs of American children will require decision makers and practitioners to understand complex multiple determinants of health and disease , as well as public health approaches that involve family , community and national interventions . "
###
" Early Childhood Health Promotion and Its Life Course Health Consequences " was written by Bernard Guyer , Sai Ma , Holly Grason , Kevin Frick , Deborah Perry , Alyssa Sharkey and Jennifer McIntosh .
The research was supported by the Partnership for America 's Economic Success and the Zanvyl and Isabelle Krieger Fund .
Yes , you did buy this couch but really , that 's where your involvement ended .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
There ’s no doubt that in today ’s world , technology rules all .
The simple fact of the matter is that for almost every possible task , there exists some kind of technology to take care of it .
There ’s one important consequence of this digital age we live in : security now has to extend beyond just the physical and into the software world .
In order to ensure the privacy and security of one ’s data , one has to be wary of network attacks and prepared with cybersecurity measures .
SCADA security is one such cybersecurity strategy .
In this article , we ’ll introduce you to the basic tenets of SCADA security so that you can begin to use it in your day - to - day network management .
What Does SCADA Security Stand For ?
The acronym SCADA stands for Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition .
SCADA security , as the implication of the name will convey , has to do with industrial operations .
It ’s essentially a framework of network security measures that control data collection .
It also can control processes within the bounds of industrial operations .
To understand how SCADA security works , it is first important that we understand what the world looked like before SCADA .
It ’s quite simple to consider .
A single individual would have to monitor each workstation and point in the data collection process .
Needless to say , this is quite an expense .
Not only do you have to pay the workers who monitor , but you also have to pay to set up the workstations .
With SCADA , one can monitor all processes from a central point which means a significant reduction in monetary costs of managing the system of networks .
However , the caveat is that SCADA makes it easy for a hacker to gain access to an entire system rather than just a portion of it .
There are several possible reasons why SCADA access is attractive to those with nefarious purposes .
Firstly , access would be valuable for any corporate espionage team trying to get a leg up on its competition .
Depending on the nature of the organization , financial hackers would also love to get a piece of the pie .
And last but not least , disgruntled former employees could also seek to wreak havoc on a system so integral to the organization ’s operations .
SCADA Penetration Testing
The basis of all SCADA security measures starts with SCADA penetration testing .
it ’s impossible for an organization to shore up its network defenses without first knowing where it ’s liabilities and weaknesses are .
By hiring SCADA penetration testing services , one can locate those weak points and build up cybersecurity defenses at those specific points in the network .
Whatever liable points that are identified will have to be solidified with firewall buildups .
Keep Your Systems Safe
There you have it — now that you know how to begin leveraging SCADA security to protect your organization , you ’re ready to hire testing services to identify your weak points .
For more business advice , be sure to check out the rest of the website !
Microsoft is pulling the plug on Money - its personal finance and small business software package .
The software will no longer be available to buy after 30 June and anyone who has bought MS Money needs to activate it before 31 January 2011 .
Microsoft Money was sold in four versions from $ 19.99 to $ 69.99 .
Microsoft will continue to provide online services to Money for two years after activation or until 31 January 2011 .
After that , the software will not support online banking and bill payment .
The company ended annual updates for the software last year .
It scaled back UK ambitions much earlier - it has not updated the UK version since Money 2005 .
Last September the company announced it was to stop selling packaged versions of Microsoft Money in retail stores .
It said it would sell the product online download only .
At the time , Chris Jolley , group manager for Microsoft Financial Products , said that personal finance remained an important category for the company .
But a statement published today on Microsoft 's website reports that demand has fallen as institutions such as brokers and banks roll out similar services .
The company points users in the direction of Microsoft 's MSN online financial services .
Of course another beneficiary of Money 's demise is Intuit , America 's leader in personal finance software .
Microsoft tried to buy the company once but was stopped in its tracks by the Department of Justice , whose valedictory statement is still available online .
The demise of Money is part of cost cutting measures announced by Microsoft in January , along with 5,000 job cuts .
In March this year Microsoft pulled the plug on Encarta - its old school encyclopedia .
It has also euthanised its anti-virus product and its hugely popular flight simulator . ®
In these tough economic times , many designers find themselves applying for jobs and freelance gigs on a regular basis .
So , how can we stand out from the rest and grab the attention of a design agency when they ’re usually bombarded with hundreds of applications ?
The best way to do this is in the design of your resume .
Assuming that you have the skills that they ’re looking for , a striking and visually appealing resume will go a long way at getting you the creative job that you want .
In the worst case scenario , it will at least buy you a few seconds by catching the eye of a recruiter and may become the difference between getting hired or not .
In this article , we ’ll take a look at 30 creative resumes that can inspire you to think outside the box when designing your own resume .
This post is sponsored by Sensational Jobs , the job board for designers .
Which ones were your favorites ?
Feel free to share other great resume designs that you may know of …
1951
Here ’s an exact date for you .
On July 19 , 2007 , the Merriam Webster dictionary announced their list of new word entries for the year , including the trendy term , ginormous .
Here ’s how the Fresno Bee wrote it up .
But what about the word itself ?
How long has ginormous been around ?
Google News has a tremendous news archive search that let ’s you see the growth of a new word ( or an old word … the archives go back to the 1700 ’s ! ) .
From one mention of the term in 1992 and again in 1993 ( and zero mentions in ’ 94 and ’ 95 ) , ginormous took off and never looked back .
But what about the very first ginormous ?
The word does n’t appear in 1991 news archives .
Was 1992 the earliest use ?
Not hardly .
The First Mention we found also has not only an exact date , but even identifies the originator .
A news article about helicopter pilots in the May 13 , 1951 issue of the Zanesville Signal in Ohio tells the tale of one Carl Agar …
“ … short , tanned , hard bitten operator of Okanagon Air Service of British Columbia … Agar had a new adjective to describe the size of his operations .
“ They ’re ginormous , ” he said … ”
So our thanks to Mr. Agar for coining the word all those years ago , and to Merriam Webster for giving it solid recognition more than 50 years after the fact .
To be perfectly honest , though , Mr. Agar may have had the FirstMention in North America , but he well may have picked up the word from the Brits , perhaps during WWII .
The Oxford English Dictionary identifies ginormous as British soldier slang during the war , though I have n’t come across any actual uses of it ( in print ) myself .
And lastly , be sure to see the FirstMention of firstmention .com in this news article about , what else … ginormous .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 68 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross -Data Photographer Jens Wiemann Airline Untitled ( Pink Aviation Services ) Version Short SC - 7-3M - 400 Skyvan Generic Type Short SC - 7 Skyvan Basic Type Short SC - 7 Skyvan MSN SH1964 Reg. OE - FDN Location Damme Country Germany Date Photographed April 26 , 2009 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 27,832
Photo Added : May 11 , 2009
Photo Copyright © Jens Wiemann .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
The US and Daddy China
Another week ’s ‘ progress ’ from the US government as it continues its inflation stoking strategies .
The most pronounced recent feature was US Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner ’s trip to Beijing , to petition China for continued foreign reserves support for the dollar , a difficult – maybe impossible – endeavor .
Using the recent rally as evidence that the US might be showing some signs of stabilizing , Geithner went on a road show , pitching confidence in the American financial system .
Will it work ?
Perhaps for a short while , but as Bill Bonner explains below , the US is going down a road with few opportunities to turn back around …
“ Americans are in the habit of spending huge amounts of money … with no intention of ever paying it back .
Consumers did it in the ’09s and ’00s .
Now the feds are doing it .
The federal deficit for this year alone is four times last year ’s record .
The official US debt is exploding .
Bill Gross says it will be 100 % of US GDP within 5 years .
Our guess is that it will reach that level even sooner .
“ At 100 % of GDP …even mainstream economists believe the situation will be irreversible … interest payments will be more than the US can afford .
At that point , forced to borrow more and more just to keep up with the interest , the system will go into a Ponzi - scheme endgame .
“ Our expectation is the government wo n’t be able to exit ” from its deficit spending positions , said Gross in an interview on Bloomberg Radio .
The programs ‘ will be semi- permanent positions on their balance sheets . ’
“ Once you go down that road , it ’s hard – maybe impossible – to come back .
The US wo n’t be able to pay off its debt … and it wo n’t be able to unload GM .
Nor will the Federal Reserve be able to sell its holding of bonds onto the open market – without causing yields to rise .
“ Even Ben Bernanke says that ‘ long - term deficits threaten the financial stability ’ of the nation .
“ As we ’ve pointed out many times , the problem is more political than financial .
The bums in Washington could still straighten up – if they wanted to .
We ’ve already told them how they could bring the deficits … and the economic downturn … under control .
But they ’re not about to take our suggestions .
Instead , they ’re “ gonna have fun , fun , fun until Daddy takes the T - bird away … ”
“ Daddy China , that is .
The Middle Kingdom .
The Red Menace .
Now , the leader of the bond vigilantes .
“ Remember the bond vigilantes ?
They are supposed to keep a lookout for inflation .
And when they see it increasing , they come riding into town guns ablazing … they sell bonds and force up yields , thus bringing inflation back under control .
“ Inflation rates and bond yields have generally been going downhill for the last 26 years … so the old vigilantes have retired .
But now China seems to be strapping on its six guns . ”
If you ’re interested in finding out exactly what Bill sees as China ’s next moves , you can read the rest of his notes here .
Stocks are headed sharply lower in early trading , as markets tanked overseas overnight .
Stocks have basically been moving sideways for the last few weeks after a furious rally that started in early March , and now lots of folks are wondering if this is the end of the rally for now .
In the absence of good news , it 's hrad to see why stocks would keep going higher , though even without " good " news , some kind of sharp snapback probably inevitable with the doomsday scenario having been taken off the table .
Still , the market has two trends pushing it higher : A tremendous amount of money creation all over the world ( that 's probably the big one ) and on a smaller scale , there 's the issue of money managers wanting to show some kind of exposure to the rally before the quarter ends .
The Tweenbots project already demonstrated that at least some folks are willing to help a lost robot find its way , but this new ACE bot developed by researchers at the Technical University of Munich has now ramped things up in a fairly big way , with it actually asking passers - by for directions and developing a map as it moves through the city .
Apparently , the robot uses a series of cameras to detect people nearby , and it then asks them to simply point towards the destination indicated on its screen , which it is able to recognize , although it does also asks them to confirm the direction on the screen just to be safe .
In initial tests , that appears to have been relatively successful , with ACE ( or Autonomous City Explorer ) able to reach its destination 1.5 kilometers away in five hours after relying on directions from 38 people .
But do n't take our word for it .
Head on past the break to check out its people skills for yourself .
[ Via Coolest Gadgets
An XSLT processor written in Common Lisp .
About
Xuriella was written by David Lichteblau and Ivan Shvedunov .
It implements XSLT 1.0 and is available under an X11 - style license .
Please send bug reports to xuriella-devel@common-lisp.net ( list information ) .
Related projects
Recent Changes
2009-04-04
There has been much attention on the new travel requirements for U. S. Citizens about to go into effect on June 1 , 2009 .
The new Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative ( WHTI ) will require valid passports for land and sea travel with one exception .
If you are taking a " closed loop " cruise which both originates and terminates in the same U.S. port , for example , New Orleans , then you can continue to travel with proof of U. S. citizenship and a government issued photo ID .
Children over 15 will be required to carry a birth certificate and a photo ID .
If you do not have a valid passport and miss a scheduled embarkation you would not be able to " catch up " to the ship in a foreign port .
You can read all about the new requirements and find a complete list of WHIT compliant documents or obtain a passport application at www.travel.state.gov
NASHVILLE , May 8 ( UPI ) --
The Tennessee attorney general has notified legislators that a proposed law banning low - riding pants may be unconstitutionally vague .
The proposed law , known as the Saggy Pants bill , would penalize people who wear pants in public that reveal bare buttocks or underwear , The Memphis Commercial Appeal reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" The proposed legislation is arguably constitutionally vague , because it does not set forth a standard for its violation that may be readily understood , " the office of Attorney General Robert Cooper Jr. said .
" If passed , the legislation could also be vulnerable to constitutional attack on substantive due process grounds because it arguably interferes with a liberty interest to dress as one chooses . "
Rep. Karen Camper , a Memphis Democrat who appears to have doubts about the bill , requested the opinion .
The measure was sponsored by Rep. Joe Towns and Sen. Ophelia Ford , who are also Democrats from Memphis .
Cooper 's opinion is advisory , not binding , the newspaper said .
Michael Chesko is no architect .
He 's not a structural engineer or an urban planner either .
But he just spent more than 2,000 hours constructing this highly detailed , nearly perfect scale model of midtown Manhattan .
Chesko cut , sanded , and glued the mini metropolis — now on exhibit at the New York Skyscraper Museum — using only an X - Acto knife , a nail file , and a Dremel ( and lots of balsa wood ) .
But the 50 - year - old software engineer was having fun ; he 's been building little cities since he was a kid .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Model cities are n't just for show ; they can have real utility .
In 1957 the US Army Corps of Engineers created the Bay Model , a replica of the San Francisco Bay and Sacramento / San Joaquin Delta meant to simulate the impact of public works projects and disasters — natural and man-made — on currents and tides .
Considered one of the most practical applications of the craft , it 's made of 286 one - ton slabs of concrete , representations of all six bridges , and a computer - controlled hydraulic system to manipulate the waterworks .
Though retired from active duty in 2000 , the model is still on display in Sausalito .
For more , visit wired.com / video
The Bay Model let researchers study environmental impacts in the San Francisco Bay before computer modeling .
People the world over come see the country 's largest working hydraulic model .
More recently , the growth of municipalities like Dubai , London , and Sydney is stirring renewed interest in miniature cities as planning tools .
The new crown jewel of shrunken sprawl resides on the third floor of the Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center :
At more than 6,500 square feet , the stunning depiction of China 's most populous city circa 2020 is one of the largest models of its type in the world .
Chesko is , of course , a fan of his medium 's increasing popularity — regardless of the purpose .
He has n't seen all the other bitty burgs out there , but he'd like to .
" It certainly figures into my vacation planning , " he says .
Chesko's NY
Although the skyscrapers are the attention grabbers in Chesko ’s Midtown Manhattan model , the real effort was in the details .
Tackling the block - by - block miniaturization of this district called for the creation of more than 380 individual blocks .
Photos : Zachary Zavislak
Shanghai Shanghai 's massive miniature is more than a feat of craftsmanship .
Model makers had to pore over numerous prospective building plans to accurately depict the forward - looking cityscape .
Of course , crafting a physical snapshot of this scale is n't without its setbacks ; even a tiny change in construction can have a sizable impact on the face of China 's most populous city .
Photos : Adrien Hochet
Bay Model
The US Army Corps of Engineers was n't concerned with just scale while constructing the Bay Model .
After plotting the miniature landmarks , engineers had to ensure that the hydraulics system accurately depicted the sped - up effects of the Bay Area 's tidal system .
This attention to detail guaranteed that roughly 15 minutes of standard time equated to a lunar day on the Bay Model .
Sydney " Hidden in plain sight " is the best way to describe this scale model of downtown Sydney .
The keen - eyed can find it beneath the glass floor of Sydney 's Customs House .
Though constructed in 1998 , the Customs House ensures its continued accuracy by having the model regularly updated to reflect changes in the skyline .
Photos : Peter Murphy
Chicago Chicago ’s Museum of Science and Industry is home to this sprawling model of the Windy City .
The model covers 3,500 square feet and captures the city ’s historic rail system with 1,400 feet of track .
Photos : J.B. Spector
~ Networking can be an overwhelming project for people who are used to networking on the internet variety .
If you ’re an introverted person who is most comfortable communicating by typing , I suggest you to come out of the comfort zone and look into some ~ Networking .
Yes , I ’m talking face - to - face networking .
The extroverts are secretly just as daunted as you are .
And the good news is ~ networking is a skill that can be learned .
All it takes is a little practice , dear friend .
So here are some of the very best tips to get you started .
Even the most shy people can get by with a few simple tricks :
1 . Pick your events wisely
Networking groups are popping up all over the globe that are meant specifically for Bloggers , Tweeters , Diggers and every other social networking and bookmarking site you can think of .
These are an ideal start because not only are they relevant to you and what you do , but EVERY other person there will talk your language .
2. Go alone
Being social in Real Life is a different story to being social Online .
It can be scary , standing alone in a room full of people that you do n’t know at all .
It may be tempting to take a friend for moral support , but if you think you can do it on your own , then go for it .
Chances are , if you take a friend then – you ’ll end up speaking to your friend all night while eying off the rest of the room suspiciously , wondering whether you should make your move or not .
3 . Stand out from the crowd !
In a room full of people , you want to be noticeable ( in a good way ! ) when people are scanning the room for who to talk to next .
They say first impressions count , and that they are also very hard to change .
These impressions are literally made in three seconds flat – and in those three seconds people will decide whether they want to talk to you , or not .
What can you do to stand out in the right way ?
Try making a particular effort to look polished and professional , or to wear something that will act as a talking point : a slogan t- shirt , a niece piece of jewelry or something fun that relates to your blog or online content .
This gives people something to anchor to when they open a conversation .
Try it , and you ’ll be surprised at how many people will come up to you through the night and say “ I love your t- shirt / shoes / jewelry , etc . ”
4 . Use your biggest asset – a friendly smile !
The quickest , most effective way of disarming someone is to smile at them .
Immediately , their instinct is to mirror you back and in most cases , a smile enough to engage them enough to approach for a conversation .
That said , just do n’t openly stare at them , smiling , for a full five minutes .
That ’s a little strange .
A quick smile and acknowledgment across the room is a perfect opener .
5 . Do n’t be afraid to approach others .
Remember – everyone is there for the specific purpose of meeting other people !
Preferably , to meet lots of other people .
This means you wo n’t look at all like a total weirdo by walking up to someone and introducing yourself .
You do n’t even need a pickup line – something as simple as “ Hi , I ’m Bob .
What do you for a living ? ” will get the ball rolling .
Alternatively , use a compliment as your opening line .
( this works particularly well for girl - to - girl conversations – “ I love your necklace / shoes / dress , etc ” , as per before , works both ways . )
6 . Talk about their favorite subject .
There ’s one topic that everyone loves : Themselves .
The easiest way for you to have a great conversation with someone is to talk all about them .
What do they do ?
How do they like it ?
How did they fall into that ?
How long have they been doing it for ?
Where do they live ?
Do they love living there ?
Are they married ?
Do they have children ?
The conversation does n’t all need to be about business .
It ’s inevitable that you ’ll cover it a little bit , but do n’t keep steering the conversation that way .
7. Follow up .
Networking is useless if you never speak to the people you meet again .
The art of the follow up is invaluable .
Get business cards , URLs and user names for every person you speak to and connect with them or contact them the next day .
Something as simple as a direct message to say “ It was nice to meet you ” is great .
Be proactive about following up – do n’t just wait for people to contact you .
8. Give , and you shall receive .
One golden rule I love – be useful to people .
Do n’t expect to get something for nothing .
If you can recommend services or other contacts for them , send them articles that you think they might like or just entertain them in general , then you can start asking for favors back .
Be prepared to put in the work to build a relationship and you will reap the rewards of a strong and health network of Real Life People .
I appreciate you !
Cristiana Martinez
A Mentor with a Servant ’s Heart
Are You Ready to Deliver a Better Customer Experience ?
Upland PSA transforms the way services organizations deliver projects from the first interaction with their customers to ongoing customer success .
With robust timesheet and expense capture , project and workforce management , customer billing and project financials , our PSA software goes further and gives you proposal automation , knowledge management , and customer surveys , helping you put the spotlight on the customer to deliver better customer outcomes , starting from Day One .
Worcester , USA , they call it “ the turtlefucker ” – thanks Ryan and Caroline !
in Prague , Czech Republic – thanks for the info Eric !
Prohibits military assistance from being provided to Pakistan if : ( 1 ) the President fails to determine that Pakistan is taking actions to dismantle nuclear weapons - material supply networks and to combat terrorist groups ; or ( 2 ) a joint resolution disapproving any such determination is enacted into law .
Howard Berman 's resolution , H.R. 1886 to throw good taxpayer dollars ( $ 1.5 billion a year for the next 4 years , i.e. , $ 6 billion + another $ 1.1 billion here and there ) after the $ 12 billion we 've already wasted ( just since 2002 ) , passed 234- 185 .
Although the resolution had 2 Republican co-sponsors , Ed Royce and Mark Kirk , only 8 Republicans voted for it , 167 , doing the old obstructionist boogaloo that 's second nature to them now .
The bill sounds so nice and positive : PEACE Act of 2009 , short for the Pakistan Enduring Assistance and Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2009 .
And there 's allof bullshit in the wording of the bill that 's as patently deceptive as the title .
Read it and you 'll think we 're strengthening democracy in fabulous Pakistan instead of bribing a cabal of wealthy aristocrats to keep an iron grip on one of the world 's worst hellholes .
The billions we waste bribing Pakistan goes into a destabilizing arms race -- much of it nuclear -- with India , a brutal regime that oppresses over 90 % of the seething people , and into the pockets of the world 's most corrupt political elite .
The bill is so larded with lies and deceit that I 'm shocked any self - respecting member of Congress could vote for it at all .
Example :
This is so patently dishonest , that I had to delve into Rahm Emanuel 's fetid swamp called " The Supplemental . "
I 'm having trouble keeping up .
Emanuel 's ego trip is costing taxpayers
God only knows how much as he pays for every vote he gets to commit to his 2010 Democratic Party suicide pact .
Yesterday the House voted on some kind of cockamamie non-binding set of instructions for the conference committee -- which could , for example , do what Republicans and right - wing Democrats want ( the Lieberman - Graham amendment ) to hide away war crimes evidence .
As Jane pointed out , Emanuel has now maneuvered to put the popular Cash For Clunkers bill into this Frankenstein ego - trip of his .
The House of Lordsconferees ( is that a joke ? ) -- Lord Dan Inouye , Lord Robert Byrd , Patrick Leahy , Tom Harkin , Lady Barbara Mikulski , Lord Herb Kohl , Lady Patty Murray , Lord Byron Dorgan , Lady Dianne Feinstein , Dick Durbin , Lady Miss McConnell , Lord Richard Shelby , Lord Judd Gregg , Lord Robert Bennett , Lady Kay Bailey Hutchison , Lord Sam Brownback , Lord Lamar Alexander , Lady Susan Collins , Lord George Voinovich , and Lady Lisa Murkowski -- are being joined by 8 schlepadicka members of the House of Representatives : Dave Obey , Jack Murtha , Rosa DeLauro , Nita Lowey , Chet Edwards , Bill Young , Jerry Lewis and Kay Granger .
I hope these Democratic leaders have thought what they 're going to tell vulnerable Blue Dogs to say when the Republican attacks on bailouts for European banksters get really big .
We hear there are now big time funders stepping up to the plate on this one .
Shocking that all three new Arizona members of Congress -- Harry Mitchell , Gabby Giffords and Ann Kirkpatrick -- are willing to sacrifice their careers for the sake of $ 108 billion for a European bank bailout -- although I was told by one congressional office ( which favors the IMF bailout that 8 billion will go to poor children with extended bellies in Third World countries ) .
Ed Morrissey is ringing the bell and the Blue Dogs better think quick .
Jane Hamsher is n't keep track of Blue Dogs -- who are being beaten up big time by Emanuel and his thugs -- but she is keeping count of normal Democrats .
Turn Maine Blue has been working with Rep. Chellie Pingree , a true blue progressive , and they report that she voted " no " before and she plans to vote " no " again .
Labels : Blue Dogs bailout , IMF , Pakistan , Rahm Emanuel , supplemental budget
May 5th , 2009
Bloomington was first on the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign ’s list of places it hoped to run bus ads .
However , the city has rejected our campaign ’s slogan , ‘ You Can Be Good Without God . ’
This is deeply disappointing to our campaign ’s members ; we all love Bloomington and were very much hoping to run ads in our hometown along with many other cities .
Following their rejection of our ad ’s slogan , Bloomington Transit referenced their ad policy , which currently states that they may reject any ad they feel is ‘ too controversial . ’
However , we are not giving up .
Today the ACLU of Indiana , on behalf of the campaign , is filing a lawsuit against Bloomington Transit on First Amendment grounds .
No campaign donations will be spent on the suit .
Here is the filed complaint ( PDF , 172 KB )
Here is the press release ( RTF , 4.4 KB )
Meanwhile , we are moving forward with efforts in other cities , and we will be announcing more very soon .
We want to bring our message many places , and this rejection motivates us more .
If you ’re like us and want to see a positive message about atheism in your community , please donate .
We still have a long way to go , and you can help us get there !
Entry Filed under : Uncategorized
No matter how well you plan , every day can't be an ultra- healthy , bring - your - own - lunch - to - work day .
But just because you 're eating at a fast food place does n't mean all bets are off .
Get to know your options with the healthiest and unhealthiest foods at McDonald's .
Advertisement
Photo by Tony the Misfit .
To put this post together , we pored over the nutritional fact sheets for all the items at McDonald's .
The following list of healthiest and unhealthiest foods was compiled based on several factors , including total calories , fat , and sodium content .
It 's up to you to decide which dietary trade - offs you 're willing to make , because when you indulge in a little fast food , trades - offs are inevitable .
Need a lot of protein ?
You 'll be eating a lot of salt and fat too .
Trying to avoid high sodium content ?
Good luck with that ; you 'll rarely find any truly low sodium items at any fast food restaurant outside of ordering fries with no salt .
Advertisement
Below you 'll see our galleries for both the healthiest and unhealthiest items at McDonald's .
Click through on each for the full run-down .
Five Healthiest Foods at McDonald 's
They may not be the healthiest foods on the planet ( in fact , we can guarantee they 're not ) , but …
Read more
You do n't always have time to bring a healthy lunch from home , and we certainly understand that .
Without arguing over whether or not you should just grab an apple , try a few items from the healthier side of the McDonald 's menu to cut down on the impact of eating fast food .
( If you 'd rather see everything on one long page rather than use the snazzy AJAX gallery , click here . )
Advertisement
Five Healthiest Foods at McDonald 's
They may not be the healthiest foods on the planet ( in fact , we can guarantee they 're not ) , but …
Read more
If an apple a day keeps the doctor away , eating a Quarter Pounder a day keeps his business brisk .
Click on the image at left to see the worst foods on the McDonald 's menu .
( If you 'd rather see everything on one long page rather than use the snazzy AJAX gallery , click here . )
Advertisement
Five Unhealthiest Foods at McDonald 's
It 's tough to find a healthy meal at McDonald 's , but if you go down this road , you 're enjoying some Read more
The biggest key to eating healthier at a fast food place — which will come as a surprise to no one — is portion control .
If you 're going to grab McDonald 's for lunch , you really need to ask yourself how important getting a huge meal like a Quarter Pounder with Cheese , a large fry , and a chocolate shake is , compared to a more moderate meal like a regular hamburger , a small fry , and a small Coke .
The former provides for the entire daily caloric needs of an average size adult , while the latter leaves plenty of room for breakfast and dinner .
Advertisement
If you have your own tricks and menu choices for eating healthier at McDonald 's ( apart from the obvious " Do n't eat at McDonald 's ! " ) , we 'd love to hear them in the comments below .
Posted by safiyyah on 06 May 2009 / 0 Comment
This is part two of our series on Muslim Personal Law in South Africa .
Today , we will analyze media coverage of the bill .
Check out part one here .
Several mainstream newspapers across South Africa have been reporting on the MPL matter .
How have Muslim women been portrayed in these articles ?
The Cape Argus article , for one , opens with a shocking statement :
Justice bosses are rushing through laws that will stop Muslim women from being treated as second - class citizens .
This startled me .
I wondered , since when have Muslim women been “ second class citizens ” ?
And by whom are they considered so ?
Is it by men , by Muslims , or by the state ?
South Africa affords it citizens one of the most egalitarian constitutions , which stipulates all members of society are unequivocally equal .
Of course , in practice , this is yet to be achieved , but to assume that all South African Muslim women are treated as second class citizens , either by their husbands , families or the state itself , is a tad generalized , especially given that Muslim women themselves , have been involved in the drafting of this Bill since the early days .
Even in this latest round of debate , the group which made an application to fast track the bill into parliament , the Women ’s Legal Centre , is chaired by Shaamela Cassiem , a Muslim woman .
The article makes it sound as if it is non-Muslims who have spearheaded the MPL bill , with the usual “ let ’s save oppressed Muslim women ” rhetoric .
Another article , in the Cape Times article wrote :
Addressing the Constitutional Court on behalf of the Lajnatun Nisaa - Il Muslimaat Association of Muslim Women in South Africa , male schoolteacher Farhan Patel said the initiation of the legislation “ falls foul of the Qur’an ” .
“ The Lajnatun Association will contend that the relief sought by the Women ’s Legal Centre constitutes a matter of a religious nature , and this honourable court must refrain from making decisions that will unnecessarily infringe on religious doctrine . ”
Here , emphasis is on the fact that the spokesperson for the Muslim Women ’s Association is a male !
This stereotypically portrays the image that Muslim women can’t and should n’t speak for themselves .
It is difficult to say whether the media or the group itself is playing up the stereotype , however .
This statement also enforces an idea that all Muslim women are against this Bill , and therefore , do not want legal rights in marriage .
This is in concord with generalizations of Muslims as abnormal members of society .
The article also quotes Patel ,
The majority of Muslim women abide by the Qur’an and do not perceive any violation of their rights when they submit to the rulings of Islamic religious forums which handle marital disputes .
This is another sweeping statement , pigeonholing Muslim women as passive members of society , having no capability to deal with their own marital disputes , or interpret their religious texts .
It seems that “ The Muslim Women ’s Association of South Africa ” is the only “ women ’s ” organization to reject the bill , and that too , with a male spearheading their cause .
An article in Al Qalam , South Africa ’s popular Muslim newspaper , elaborates critically on the matter ,
Their ( opposing parties ) arguments are being assisted by a group called Lajnatun Nisaa -il Muslimaat ( Association of Muslim Women of South Africa ) who recently launched an application which effectively opposes the recognition of Muslim marriages in South Africa .
The group , represented by attorney Zehir Omar , although a small collective of women ’s groupings , gives the impression that it represents the views of all Muslim women in South Africa .
On a more positive note , Witness 24 ’s article stated that
Members of the Muslim community should not fear that the Muslim Marriage Bill will interfere with their customary laws .
This was said yesterday at a Gift of the Givers workshop on the Muslim Marriage Bill held in Pietermaritzburg .
Murinah Osman - Hyder , a lecturer in the law faculty at the University of KwaZulu - Natal , told the workshop the bill is a big step , not just for women ’s rights , but for the rights of Muslims in general .
“ This bill will ensure that both spouses are recognised as equal in human dignity and financial independence , ” she said .
Finally , a female voice appears amidst the cacophony of male ones .
Within the Muslim community , there has been both fierce opposition against and strong campaigning for the bill .
The supporters are mainly women and men involved in women ’s issues .
Al Qalam , elaborates on support generating from the Muslim community , for the Bill
Women ’s groups across the country have responded to this turn of events with a vigorous round of meetings and consultations .
In Cape Town , Shura Yabafazi has begun efforts to shore up support for the Bill and so have the MYM ( Muslim Youth Movement ) in Johannesburg .
And in KZN ( KwaZulu - Natal ) a new group Coalition of Muslim Women is preparing to enter as amicus to help the Court in its deliberations .
The new group emerged following a meeting between Attorney Shuaib Omar , Professor Nadvi , UUCSA ( United Ulama Council of South Africa ) Representatives and the Minister of Justice Enver Surty .
The women ’s groups are unanimous that this legislation is necessary .
To alleviate the hardships on Muslim women Muslim marriages must be legally recognized .
While it seems like the Bill is safe for now the public will need to be vigilant .
The Voice of the Cape , a Muslim radio and print media organization , also published an article which explained backing for the bill by Muslim women .
Two Gauteng - based organisations that represent Muslim women have distanced themselves from an objection lodged in the Constitutional Court last week against the enactment of the draft bill on Muslim Marriages .
According to the Muslim Women ’s Network of South Africa and Women United in Islam South Africa – both of whom consist of affiliate organisations based in Gauteng and KZN ( Kwa - Zulu Natal ) – they “ strongly object to the fact that no one organisation as listed in the Notice of Motion by Lajnatun Nisaa - Il Muslimaat ( Association of Muslim Women of South Africa ) has ever consulted or approached us on the action that they have taken . ”
“ Our mandate is to further pronounce our full support for the Muslim Personal Law Process to go ahead and be tabled in parliament .
Our view is that it can only further benefit the Muslim community at large . ” they said .
During meetings held by the honourable Justice Minister Enver Surty with different religious groups , to reassure them that the bill is in the best interests of the Muslim community , as well to maintain his support for the bill , “ a change of heart ” was reported amongst some people opposing the passing of MPL legislation , according to Al Qalam ,
This meeting also saw a change of heart amongst groupings opposed to the Bill .
The change came once the Minister explained that the Bill included provisions for those who chose to opt out of it .
This would allow individuals to choose not to be governed by the Bill and thus opt out of it and manage their affairs as they choose .
So , these groups will only give their support to the enactment of the bill because it is optional ?
This half - hearted support is rather dubious , and signifies a smug sense of confidence amongst religious groups that assumes even if the bill is legislated , they can influence Muslims to “ opt out of it ” .
On the opposition side , an organization called the “ Majlisul Ulama ” made a press release , calling on “ all Muslims to oppose the bill on religious grounds . ”
It examines various clauses of the bill , and how they are “ opposed to the Shariah ” .
There is a glaring absence of any reference to women , their rights within marriage or the abuse of Muslim women .
The entire pamphlet deals with how Muslim men are being cut a poor deal in the bill .
On - line petitions have also been brandied about , calling on Muslims to reject the bill , on the grounds that ( amongst many )
the WLC ( Women ’s Legal Centre ) has not been mandated by the greater Muslim community to speak on behalf of its women .
So , Muslim women cannot speak on behalf of themselves , nor can a women ’s organization , chaired by a Muslim women , speak on behalf of them ?
As Muslim women wait with bated breath for a bill that may remove them from fear of expensive litigation , the debate between “ conservative ” and “ progressive ” groups deepens the ever - widening abyss of differences amongst South African Muslims .
I can only hope that what Naeem Jeenah said to The Star , a while back , will come to pass ,
Through this conference we aimed at empowering women , in particular , to grapple with the Bill .
The Muslim community in South Africa is patriarchal , and when we talk of justice we need to think of empowering women .
“ Men already have rights when they are born .
Women have rights prescribed to them in the Qur’an , and we want to make sure they do n’t get just the scraps of that .
We need a woman - friendly MPL . ”
The coming weeks and months will tell of the fate the MPL bill .
Muslimah Media
Watch will certainly be vigilant .
If you need more reasons to be wary of nail guns , fishing spears , keys , or knives , look no further .
A bizarrely morbid slide show of radiology images showing various patients impaled by foreign objects .
Kevin Pho , MD shares the stories of the many who intersect with our health care system but are rarely heard from .
< Previous post A 10 - year old girl with breast cancer , how much media coverage should she receive ?
Next post >
Doctors and midwives need to cooperate more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron says he will lead senior Conservatives in repaying " excessive " expenses - warning he will boot out of the party any MPs who refuse .
The Tory leader apologised , saying he was " appalled " by the expenses which were leaked to the Daily Telegraph .
Later Gordon Brown said there would be independent scrutiny of all MPs ' claims over the past four years .
Meanwhile minister Hazel Blears is to pay £ 13,332 in respect of capital gains tax on the sale of her second home .
And Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said his MPs must hand back any profit made from tax - subsidised second homes .
It comes as his party braces itself for expenses revelations in Wednesday 's Telegraph - which has so far concentrated on Labour and Conservative MPs .
' Wrong '
Three Tory MPs have already agreed to pay back Commons expenses claimed for swimming pool maintenance after details were revealed in the Daily Telegraph .
The paper also revealed other backbench Conservative MPs claimed for the cost of clearing a moat , buying horse manure and mowing paddocks .
WHAT TORY MPs WILL PAY BACK Michael Gove - £ 7,000 for furniture Oliver Letwin - £ 2,000 for pipes under tennis court Andrew Lansley - £ 2,600 for home improvements Alan Duncan - £ 5,000 gardening bill David Cameron - £ 680 home repair bill George Osborne - £ 440.62 chauffeur bill Ken Clarke - Paying back small proportion of council tax claim Francis Maude and Chris Grayling will not repay disputed second home allowances but will stop claiming them Theresa Villiers - Will stop claiming second home allowance later in year
Blears will pay tax on flat sale
The Telegraph has already published expenses claims made by Labour and Tory frontbenchers , including those for a lawnmower , dog food and changing light bulbs .
Among shadow ministers who have agreed to pay back some of the expenses claims they made are Michael Gove , Alan Duncan , Oliver Letwin and Andrew Lansley .
Others have agreed to stop claiming allowances for second homes .
" We need money paid back now , " Mr Cameron said as he outlined an overhaul of the rules his MPs would abide by in claiming expenses .
In future , Tory MPs will only be allowed to claim for basic costs on second homes such as rent and utility bills and not , as at the moment , for furniture or food .
In addition , he will bring in regulations on the designation of second homes , to prevent the practice known as " flipping " - which has allowed some MPs to maximise allowance claims , subsidise home improvements or avoid tax on home sales .
A new panel will also be created to scrutinise MPs ' claims and to ensure they comply with the new standards , while all Tory MPs will be required to publish details of all future claims online .
Fresh claims
If MPs who have made excessive claims refuse to pay back the money , Mr Cameron said they would lose the party whip .
" I do n't care if they were within the rules , " he said of claims made in the past .
" They were wrong . "
I want to say sorry it has come to this and sorry for the actions of some Tory MPs
David Cameron
Harman urges MP ' pay back scheme '
At - a - glance : MP expenses rules
" I want to say sorry that it has come to this and sorry for the actions of some Tory MPs , " he added .
Mr Cameron defended his " robust " reaction to the expenses scandal , saying his reforms would ensure there would be no more " unreasonable " claims in the future and were designed to show his party " understood the public anger " about the issue .
But he said the Commons was " deeply mired " in scandal and that its reputation would have to be rebuilt " brick by brick " .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne has agreed to pay back the £ 440.62 cost of a taxi journey between London and his Cheshire constituency after he missed the last train .
Mr Osborne said he wanted to make sure there were no " question marks " about his expenses but acknowledged the Conservatives were not " whiter than white " .
Later Gordon Brown told the BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson an independent group would scrutinise all MPs ' claims over the past four years to see if they were made within the rules and could result in MPs having to pay money back , or facing disciplinary action .
He also said there would be restrictions on allowances on furniture and fittings and a clampdown on capital gains tax rules and he called for a cap on mortgage interest payments .
And Communities Secretary Ms Blears said she would pay £ 13,332 in capital gains tax .
She came under fire after it emerged she had sold a flat she designated as her " second home " with the Commons , but did not pay capital gains tax on it .
She told Sky News it was her decision and said while she had " complied with the rules " she recognised the public were " really really angry " and therefore it was the " right thing to do " to pay the money .
The latest batch of expenses details revealed by the Telegraph included the fact that Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson had made a claim of £ 304.10 for the upkeep of a swimming pool .
He said " the pool came with the house and I needed to know how to run it " and he had agreed to pay back the money .
Former shadow defence secretary Michael Ancram claimed almost £ 100 for the repair of a swimming pool boiler but said he had made a " genuine mistake " and would repay the money .
The newspaper also said North East Hampshire MP James Arbuthnot , chairman of the Commons defence select committee , had claimed £ 1,471 for garden and swimming pool costs .
He has agreed to repay the swimming pool expenses .
Meanwhile , the Telegraph says former cabinet minister Douglas Hogg , MP for Sleaford and North Hykeham , submitted claims for more than £ 2,000 to clear a moat around his estate and £ 14,500 for a housekeeper .
Gardening
But he told the BBC that , while he had claimed for a housekeeper , he had never asked to be reimbursed for the cost of cleaning the moat - it had simply been mentioned in details of expenditure on his house .
What was unthinkable just a few weeks ago has suddenly becomes unavoidable
Nick Robinson
BBC political editor
Read Nick 's blog in full
Mr Hogg said all of his claims had been made with the prior agreement of the Commons fees office .
Deputy Commons Speaker Sir Alan Haselhurst , Tory MP for Saffron Walden , is reported to have claimed £ 142,000 on his country house , and £ 12,000 for gardening bills over five years .
He told the BBC he had claimed for £ 142,000 and had moved his second home allowance from London to his constituency when he became deputy speaker and believed the claim was within the rules .
The Telegraph says senior backbencher Sir Michael Spicer claimed more than £ 7,000 for his garden , including hedge - cutting for a " helipad " and £ 620 for rewiring and fitting a chandelier .
He said he had no " helipad " and said the chandelier was a " modest " light fitting installed as part of an electrical safety refit .
HAVE YOUR SAY
They chose their ' job ' and no one is forcing them to do it .
Pay them a wage and that 's it .
That 's how the rest of us work .
Michael , London
The Telegraph reports that David Heathcoat - Amory , Tory MP for Wells , claimed more than £ 380 for horse manure for his garden .
It adds that former shadow home secretary David Davis claimed more than £ 2,000 on mowing and rolling his paddocks and £ 5,700 for a portico for his house in Yorkshire .
Mr Davis said he had not done anything wrong , but agreed the rules needed to be changed .
Meanwhile , Labour MP for Luton South Margaret Moran has issued a statement saying she will repay £ 22,500 used to treat dry rot at a property 100 miles from her constituency .
She previously said the Southampton house was necessary for a " proper family life " because her partner had worked there for 20 years .
On Monday Prime Minister Gordon Brown apologised on behalf of all political parties for MPs ' expenses revelations over recent days , while Mr Cameron urged MPs to say " sorry " for the expenses system .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said it must not be a " hollow apology " and must be followed by real change .
In other developments at Westminster the Tory MP Douglas Carswell is seeking support for a motion of no confidence in the Speaker of the House of Commons , Michael Martin , over the way he has handled the expenses furore .
And former Tory chairman Lord Tebbit urged voters to show their anger about the expenses scandal by not backing any of the major political parties in next month 's European elections , a move which resulted in a public reprimand from Mr Cameron .
A ROUND -UP OF OPINION ON THE EXPENSES ROW
Columnists , commentators and bloggers express their opinions on the MPs ' expenses row and speculate on what is in store for the Speaker Michael Martin .
Simon Carr in the Independent blog wonders why the Speaker got so angry in Parliament :
In the Daily Mail , Peter Oborne is calling for the Speaker 's resignation :
In the Telegraph , MEP Daniel Hannan says he has been campaigning to replace the Speaker :
Sir John Baker , the ex-chairman of the Senior Salaries Review Body in the Guardian says the expenses row could have been predicted :
The Times leader column sets out how MPs pay should be changed , but asserts they should keep a good salary :
Philip Stephens in the Financial Times thinks that the expenses story has more to do with media frenzy than sincere outrage :
In the Daily Mail , Peter Hitchens ' blog suggests the expenses row is caused by the increase of career politicians :
Amongst the political bloggers , Justin in Chicken Yoghurt suggests that the MPs needed extra money to get away from their constituents :
Political blogger Dizzy
Thinks asks what this all means for David Cameron :
How American Taxpayers Could Lose $ 9 Billion
What is the real cost to taxpayers of the federal bank bailout ?
WASHINGTON , June 25 , 2009  --
The government loaned hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars to help struggling banks , but giving out cash is always easier than getting it back -- and now taxpayers could end up shortchanged by as much as $ 9 billion .
As a part of dishing out of nearly $ 200 billion to 623 banks from the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , the Treasury department received warrants to buy common stock in these banks .
So when banks pay back the actual bailout money , the government then has to work out deals with the banks for them to buy back these warrants .
But with big money at stake here , the crucial question is :
How much are these warrants worth ?
To date , only a handful of smaller - sized banks have bought back the warrants from Treasury and already some critics are crying foul , warning that taxpayers are getting shortchanged .
Linus Wilson , assistant professor of finance at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette , found that taxpayers could lose up to $ 9 billion if Treasury makes more deals like the first one they made .
That deal was with Old National Bancorp of Evansville , Ind .
Earlier this spring , the bank spent 10 days working on a deal with Treasury .
The bank initially offered $ 600,000 .
Treasury countered with a number " well north of there , " the bank 's CEO Bob Jones told ABC News .
Eventually the two parties settled on a price of $ 1.2 million .
Jones called it " a good deal . "
Wilson called it " the worst deal that Treasury has made . "
Treasury , he calculated , only recouped about 20 cents on the dollar .
The main problem , he contended , is that Treasury has not opened up the process to third - party investors .
If the government had more possible buyers for the warrants other than only Old National Bancorp , that would likely have led to a higher price – and more money back into taxpayers ' pockets .
" Most homeowners do n't sell their house to the previous owner .
They usually find that a new buyer is willing to pay a higher price , " Wilson noted .
" Treasury 's current approach of selling the taxpayers ' warrants back to the banks who sold them in the first place has led to very bad deals for taxpayers . "
Another problem , he said , is that bank CEOs like Jones are " more closely aligned " with their shareholders than Treasury 's negotiators are with American taxpayers .
For his part , Jones acknowledged , " My primary role is to make sure I get the best value for my shareholders , " but added that just across the negotiating table , Treasury was " very firm in their role to protect the taxpayer . "
With about $ 11 billion worth of warrants , according to Wilson 's estimates , the government had better be firm : a trio of oversight groups is already on the case .
The Government Accountability Office recently cautioned that Treasury 's " limited " transparency about the valuation process has hurt taxpayers ' chances of getting back a good chunk of their money from sales of the warrants .
Specifically , the federal watchdog agency noted in a June report that Treasury has not revealed the initial offers made by either the department or the financial institution .
" By not being more transparent about the valuation process and the negotiations that were undertaken to establish the accepted warrant price , " the GAO stated , " Treasury increases the likelihood that questions will remain about whether Treasury has best served taxpayers ' interests .
Given the broad - ranging risks inherent in TARP , Treasury must take steps to help ensure that its decisions are not only fair and equitable but also that they result in maximum value . "
" Unless Treasury takes this type of broad - based approach , " warned the non-partisan watchdog , " it may not ensure that taxpayers ' interests are fully protected . "
Two other government watchdogs -- the Congressional Oversight Panel and the Special Inspector General for the TARP -- have also ratcheted up their oversight of the warrant sales , calling it " critical to ensuring an appropriate return on investment for the government and , consequently , American taxpayers . "
Not only are oversight panels paying close attention , but complaints can already be heard from lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
Sen . Jack Reed , D - R.I. , for one , has told Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner that " taxpayers must be fairly compensated " in these warrant deals .
" If taxpayers are going to be exposed to downside risk , then they must share in the potential success of these financial institutions as they begin to recover , " he said in a May 22 letter to the Treasury chief .
As more high - profile banks embark on the negotiating process , Jones worries that this sort of political pressure will lead to steeper opposition from the government , making a tough task even tougher .
" The political rhetoric out of Washington is very difficult .
You 've got sound bites coming out of Congress that put a lot of pressure on both Treasury and the banks , " he cautioned .
" There are people opining on the situation that just do n't understand .
They ought to let the experts do their job . "
" Treasury is maybe going to become a bit more onerous in the process , particularly if they 're criticized , " Jones predicted .
" If they get more public pressure , it may make it more difficult to buy back those warrants . "
The financial industry also disputes the claim that taxpayers might lose money in this process .
" Taxpayers have already made money on the TARP deal because , one , they got the principle back and two , they received over $ 2 billion in dividends so far , " said Scott Talbott , chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable in Washington .
" Any money Treasury receives from the sale of the warrants is gravy on top of that .
The warrant repayment issue is caught up in a political push / pull about protecting the taxpayer and companies leaving TARP . "
The government wants to offload the warrants as quickly as possible , according to Geithner .
But as he told a Senate panel in May , the aim is still to get " the best price for those warrants as possible . "
Later this week , Treasury is expected to release a document that will outline the valuation process for warrants .
With 10 of the nation 's biggest banks - including JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs -- about to embark on the warrant deal - making process , Wall Street will be watching closely .
Geithner has said that estimates for the values of the warrants held by these larger banks returning government funds are in " the several billion dollar range . "
Wilson estimated that it could be up to $ 4.6 billion for these 10 banks , with the warrants issued by JP Morgan Chase alone possibly up to $ 1.7 billion .
So as these big banks sit down at the negotiating table with Treasury , what advice would one CEO who 's been through the process give to his colleagues ?
" Be transparent as hell -- and do n't fight , " Jones suggested .
" Because it 's going to be more and more difficult . "
And that just makes him all the more relieved that his bank was the first to get out .
When Old National Bancorp was finally free of the government program , Jones let out a deep sigh of relief .
Customers immediately came to the bank to open accounts .
One even gave the bank a custom - made card congratulating them on paying back the money .
Ultimately , it was the best public relations move he has ever made , he said .
Whether it was the best move for taxpayers is another issue .
( CNN ) --
When the highly anticipated movie " X - Men Origins : Wolverine " opened Friday in theaters , many fans had already seen it .
The pirating and distribution of " Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , is being investigated by the FBI .
The online leak of a pirated , unfinished version of the 20th Century Fox film a month ago sent federal authorities springing into action and stoked a heated conversation within the entertainment industry about digital piracy .
Piracy of upcoming films is not new , but the theft of " Wolverine " is especially troubling for an industry concerned with a stalled economy and the financial bottom line .
It 's rare for high - quality copies of a big - budget blockbuster to appear on the Internet more than a month before the film 's release , experts say .
Within a week of " Wolverine 's " March 31 leak , more than a million people had downloaded the movie , according to TorrentFreak , a blog devoted to the BitTorrent file - sharing protocol .
Watch intrepid reporter look for answers »
" Unfortunately , the recent leak of the Fox film ' Wolverine ' provided a stark backdrop to the impact that digital piracy has on the large investments that producers make in creating state - of - the - art films , " said Rep. Howard Berman , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , who oversaw a congressional hearing on piracy after the leak .
" During our hearing in Los Angeles , director Steven Soderbergh said that in 2007 , the entertainment industry generated a trade surplus of $ 13.6 billion , " Berman added .
" Imagine what those numbers would be if we could rein in piracy . "
Bootleg , or illegally copied , movies have long been a thorn to the film industry .
In 2003 , a version of Universal 's " The Hulk " appeared on the Internet two weeks before the film opened .
A New Jersey man pleaded guilty to the theft .
And in 2005 , a pirated print of " Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith " was uploaded to the Web within hours of the movie 's release .
But where Hollywood 's biggest headache used to be murky , muffled copies of films taken by someone who snuck a camcorder into a theater , today 's pirates are getting more sophisticated and gaining access to better - quality goods .
Greg Sandoval , who covers media and digital entertainment for CNET News , said that in the digital age , thieves can gain access to near - perfect advance copies of films on DVD that have greater potential to undermine a movie 's box - office prospects .
And even studios ' attempts at safeguarding their products against piracy , such as by encoding DVDs with digital watermarks that allow authorities to trace individual copies , are n't enough , Sandoval said .
He said tech - savvy thieves have figured out how to strip such watermarks from DVDs .
" When you 're talking about digital content ... it's impossible to lock it down completely " from theft , Sandoval said .
" These hackers are very creative .
Sometimes , they 're one step ahead of the security experts . "
20th Century
Fox issued a statement vowing to prosecute the " Wolverine " thief " to the fullest extent of the law . "
The FBI is investigating , but as of Thursday , no arrests had been made .
Darcy Antonellis , president of technical operations for Warner Bros . ( which is owned by the parent company of CNN ) , said the growth of technology has aided the pirates .
" Digital piracy has continued to increase with greater access to [ files ] and improved broadband services , " said Antonellis , who helps oversee Warner Bros . ' anti-piracy efforts .
" As broadband services increase their capacity to support legitimate services , they also enable increased illegal file - sharing .
Technologies have evolved to encumber such distribution but must compete with the strength of viral or super distribution of content . "
The bad guys are n't the only ones keeping up with the technology .
Keith Bolcar , special agent in charge of the FBI 's cyber division in Los Angeles , said agents and their partners as " doing everything we can to keep up with the learning curve of technology , hopefully just as fast as our criminal subjects . "
The FBI meets routinely with studio representatives to share intelligence , to discuss strategy and to detect and fix vulnerabilities in security measures , he said .
" While I can't discuss investigative techniques , we employ a myriad of sophisticated methods to solve these crimes , " said Bolcar , whose office is investigating the " Wolverine " leak .
" Our investigators receive extensive training and are technologically savvy . "
Hollywood also faces the challenge of protecting digital files that pass through so many hands while in production and post - production .
Antonellis said Warner Bros. works diligently to safeguard its properties .
" Each project , for us , is unique , with its own unique set of challenges , " she said .
" Whether there are 50 or 500 people involved in the process , we try to focus on ownership / responsibility of our assets throughout the entire production through to distribution process . "
John Malcolm , director of worldwide anti-piracy operations for the Motion Picture Association of America , said digital piracy can take many forms , including peer - to - peer file sharing and streaming .
Malcolm said the association is conducting a lot of outreach to universities and Internet service providers to help them address piracy that occurs over their systems .
The issue is global , Malcolm said , as evidenced by pending litigation in France that would shut down Internet accounts of illegal downloaders .
The association is in litigation against an Australian service provider , iiNet , to try to establish the legal parameters of its responsibility in policing its system , Malcolm said .
" In some cases , we are making great progress with ISP , and in some cases , it 's a little bit tougher going , " Malcolm said .
" After all , it 's their broadband that 's being eaten up , and it slows down their systems . "
Berman , D - California , said advances in technologies that enable filtering and other anti-theft tools will help curb piracy .
So will creating more sites where viewers can legitimately access movies , shows and music , such as Hulu and the recently announced Vevo , a partnership between Universal Music and YouTube .
" Given how pirated materials often damage computers with viruses , spyware and other problems , consumers will continue to embrace the innovative , legitimate sites that are becoming more and more available , " Berman said .
Malcolm agrees .
He said there are more than 350 sites that legitimately distribute digital content .
If a person is a true movie lover , they will want to respect the art , the artists and the countless people behind the scenes who make the magic happen , Malcolm said .
" I hear periodically , ' Well , Tom Cruise has enough money ' or ' Tom Hanks has enough money , ' " Malcolm said .
" I would say to movie lovers , stick around and watch all of the credits .
When you see hundreds of names scrolling across the screen , those are the people whose talents contributed to making that movie , and they need to make a living . "
CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .
All About Technology • Movies • Computer Crime • Motion Picture Association of America • Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc .
Motorola ( MOT ) already warned that it had a terrible Q4 : Last month , the company said Christmas quarter cellphone shipments dropped 54 % year - over - year , and that revenue would miss consensus by as much as $ 500 million .
So when the company discusses its earnings Tuesday morning , we 'll be listening closest for what 's next .
This includes :
How Motorola 's cellphone spinoff plans are going .
Last October , Motorola said its spinoff -- originally scheduled for this summer -- would be delayed indefinitely .
Whether the company is really demoting Microsoft 's ( MSFT ) Windows Mobile and focusing on Google 's ( GOOG ) Android platform .
How the rest of Motorola 's business -- its network infrastructure and set - top box units -- is doing .
What , if any , guidance the company will give for 2009 .
Analysts expect Motorola to report $ 0.00 of adjusted EPS on $ 7.15 billion of revenue -- down from their $ 7.5 billion revenue consensus from January .
Motorola said in its pre-announcement that revenue would fall between $ 7.0 - 7.2 billion .
For the full year , the Street expects Motorola to earn $ 0.01 on $ 25.8 billion of revenue -- down 14.5 % year - over - year .
See Also :
Motorola Demotes Windows Mobile , Fires Staff
Dell Testing Both Microsoft , Google - Based Phones
Motorola Blows Q4 , Firing 4,000 More
' Angels & Demons ' Latest of Many Films to Rouse Religion 's Wrath Ron Howard 's new adaptation of Dan Brown 's novel provokes Catholic criticism .
April 23 , 2009  --
When God 's got a role , someone 's bound to get upset .
Ron Howard 's " Angels & Demons , " his prequel to " The Da Vinci Code , " is the latest film to rouse the Catholic community .
Last week , Bill Donahue , president of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights , accused Howard and " Angels & Demons " author Dan Brown of " smearing the Catholic Church with fabulously bogus tales " in a New York Daily News editorial .
Howard fought back this week via an article posted in The Huffington Post :
" Let me be clear : neither I nor ' Angels & Demons ' are anti-Catholic .
And let me be a little controversial : I believe Catholics , including most in the hierarchy of the Church , will enjoy the movie for what it is : an exciting mystery , set in the awe - inspiring beauty of Rome .
After all , in ' Angels & Demons , ' Professor Robert Langdon teams up with the Catholic Church to thwart a vicious attack against the Vatican .
What , exactly , is anti-Catholic about that ? "
His defense only stirred up Donahue , who rebutted Howard in a press release :
" Howard must be delusional if he thinks Vatican officials are going to like his propaganda -- they denied him the right to film on their grounds .
Moreover , we know from a Canadian priest who hung out with Howard 's crew last summer in Rome ( dressed in civilian clothes ) just how much they hate Catholicism .
It 's time to stop the lies and come clean . "
Audiences will make the final call when " Angels & Demons " hits theaters May 15 .
But the feud between Howard and Donahue need not doom the film -- as past performances show , the free publicity from a religious controversy can benefit a movie 's bottom line .
Below , ABCNews.com takes a look at four recent fiction - based films condemned by religious groups and how they fared at the box office :
' The Golden Compass '
On the surface , the pint - sized protagonist , frozen landscapes , talking polar bears and flying witches make 2007's " The Golden Compass " seem like little more than fantastical holiday fare .
But the film , co-starring Nicole Kidman and based on " His Dark Materials , " a trilogy of books by self - proclaimed atheist Philip Pullman about a little girl on a quest to kill God , was of grave significance to Catholic advocates .
While New Line Cinema , the film 's distributor , watered down the theme of the books for the big screen , critics argued that " The Golden Compass " would encourage movie - goers to buy Pullman 's works .
" Our fear is the parents who do n't know what 's actually in these books and do n't learn about it from the film may think [ the books ] are great stocking stuffers for their kids on Christmas morning , " Kiera McCaffrey , the spokeswoman for the Catholic League , told ABC News at the time of the movie 's release .
The Catholic League also called for a boycott of the film .
" Every single religious character is a terror in these books , " McCaffrey said .
" There is n't one who is n't .
And the heroes of the book -- the children -- are taught that churches are all the same and that they obliterate good feelings . "
Secular groups objected to New Line 's treatment of " The Golden Compass " as well , saying it censored the message of freethinking in Pullman 's writings , which he saw as a rebuttal to C.S. Lewis ' " The Chronicles of Narnia . "
Despite all the debate , or perhaps because of it , " The Golden Compass " was the No. 1 movie at the box office when it opened in December 2007 , taking in $ 26 million in its first weekend .
It ended up grossing $ 372 million worldwide .
' The Da Vinci Code '
As with " Angels & Demons , " " The Da Vinci Code , " Howard 's first film adaptation of a Brown novel , tested the tolerance of the Catholic community .
The book itself was slammed for being anti-Catholic .
Religious leaders objected to the novel 's suggestion that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene created the Holy Grail and to its depiction of the Catholic organization Opus Dei as a secretive , violent sect that smothers the truth about Jesus .
Even before the film opened , the Vatican launched a PR campaign against it , with Archbishop Angelo Amato calling for a boycott of the movie .
Opus Dei requested that Howard and Sony Pictures add a disclaimer to the beginning of " The Da Vinci Code " stating it was a work of fiction .
Howard affirmed the movie was based on fiction , as Brown never claimed his novel to be pure history , but refused to honor Opus Dei 's request , telling the Los Angeles Times , " Spy thrillers do n't start off with disclaimers . "
In the end , the frenzy led to the third biggest movie opening of 2006 .
" The Da Vinci Code " made $ 77 million in its first weekend and went on to gross more than $ 750 million worldwide , setting the bar high for the box office success of " Angels & Demons . "
' The Passion of the Christ '
Mel Gibson said he wanted to inspire movie - goers with his 2004 epic about Jesus Christ 's final hours , " The Passion of the Christ . "
But before the film hit theaters , he offended scores of people .
Allegations of anti-Semitism swirled around the film after the Anti Defamation League obtained a copy of the script .
" For filmmakers to do justice to the biblical accounts of the passion , they must complement their artistic vision with sound scholarship , which includes knowledge of how the passion accounts have been used historically to disparage and attack Jews and Judaism , " the ADL said in a statement .
" Absent such scholarly and theological understanding , productions such as The Passion could likely falsify history and fuel the animus of those who hate Jews . "
Movie critics also slammed the film 's negative portrayal of Jews .
In The Nation , reviewer Katha Pollitt wrote , " The priests have big noses and gnarly faces , lumpish bodies , yellow teeth . …
The ' good Jews ' look like Italian movie stars . "
When asked by conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly if his movie would " upset Jews , " Gibson responded , " It 's not meant to .
I think it 's meant to just tell the truth .
I want to be as truthful as possible . "
Gibson attempted to turn the tide of criticism against " The Passion of the Christ " by holding private screenings for politically and socially conservative Christian and Jewish religious leaders , a move that generated its own share of negative press .
But in the end , it all added up to sizeable profits for a film so controversial , it could n't get backing from a major studio .
After opening on Ash Wednesday , 2004 , " The Passion of the Christ " made $ 84 million in its first weekend and went on to gross more than $ 600 million worldwide .
The ' Harry Potter ' Series of Movies
Combine religiously questionable themes with a child - heavy audience and controversy can spin out of control .
The " Harry Potter " books and movies have spawned a mini-movement of conservative Christians concerned with the series ' depictions of witchcraft and morality .
In 2006 , the Vatican 's chief exorcist condemned J. K. Rowling 's fictional boy wizard as downright evil .
" Behind Harry Potter hides the signature of the king of the darkness , the devil , " Father Gabriele Amorth , the Pope 's " caster - out of demons , " told Britain 's Daily Mail , adding that the books and movies served as vehicles for children to develop interest in the occult .
But reaction to " Harry Potter " is varied across sects of Christianity .
In 2004 , the Episcopal conference named " Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban " one of the 10 best family films of the year .
And while in 2000 , the Dean of Canterbury Cathedral refused to allow his church to be filmed as part of Hogwarts in the " Harry Potter " film series , when Gloucester Cathedral took its place , the dean of that church praised the " Harry Potter " tales as a " marvelous traditional children 's story . "
At the box office , fan enthusiasm has consistently won out over religious rumblings .
The five movies in the " Harry Potter " franchise have grossed close to $ 1.5 billion worldwide thus far , and there are three more installments that have yet to hit theaters .
Abstract
We present a method , adapted to polymorphically typed functional languages , to detect and collect more garbage than existing GCs .
It can be applied to strict or lazy higher order languages and to several garbage collection schemes .
Our GC exploits the information on utility of arguments provided by polymorphic types of functions .
It is able to detect garbage that is still referenced from the stack and may collect useless parts of otherwise useful data structures .
We show how to partially collect shared data structures and to extend the type system to infer more precise information .
We also present how this technique can plug several common forms of space leaks .
1 Introduction Functional programs tend to be inefficient in their use of store .
They usually allocate impressive amount of memory space and spend a significant part of their time garbage collecting .
Much work has been done on reducing the overhead of garbage collection .
In particular , various sophisticated garbage collectors ...
Another 1,225,980 + Guns Bought by Law - abiding Americans in April 2009
Americans Are Clinging To Their Guns At A Record Pace .
NEWTOWN , Conn . —
The upward trend in firearms sales continued in April , marking the sixth consecutive month of significant increases .
Data released by the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) reported 1,225,980 checks in April 2009 .
This figure is a 30.3 percent increase from the 940,961 reported in April 2008 .
FBI background checks are required under federal law for all individuals purchasing either new or used firearms from federally licensed retailers .
The checks serve as a gauge of actual sales but do not reflect the actual number of firearms sold , since , following a background check , a customer may decide not to purchase a firearm or may purchase more than one firearm .
The April increase follows a 29.2 percent gain in March and rises of 23 percent in February , 28 percent in January , 24 percent in December and 42 percent in November when a record 1,529,635 background checks were performed .
The increase in NICS checks coincides with a rise in excise taxes reported by firearms manufacturers , another indicator of firearm sales .
About :
NSSF , founded in 1961 , is the trade association for the firearms , ammunition and recreational shooting sports industry .
It promotes the safe ownership and responsible use of products its members make and sell .
For more information , visit www.nssf.org.
BOGOTA , Colombia —
Only a few years ago tales of traffickers plying the underseas world aboard cocaine - laden submarines struck anti-drug agents as a Jules Verne fantasy .
Not anymore .
Today , smugglers are moving tons of drugs towards the United States in so - called “ semi- submersibles , ” homemade vessels that travel just below the ocean ’s surface and cover distances of up to 2,000 miles .
Because they leave tiny wakes , the crude subs are extremely difficult to detect visually or by radar .
Even when they are spotted , crew members quickly sink the vessels to get rid of the evidence and avoid being prosecuted for drug trafficking .
Authorities seized 14 semi- submersibles last year , and another six have been captured this year , according to Colombian Navy Capt .
Mario Rodriguez .
Most of the vessels move between Colombia and drop - off points in Mexico and Central America .
But in 2006 , police discovered a scuttled 33 - foot - long semi-submersible off the northwest coast of Spain .
Colombian authorities now believe that up to 70 percent of the cocaine leaving the country ’s Pacific coast is packed aboard semi-submersibles .
U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg , a New Jersey Democrat , estimated that the vessels this year would ship up to 480 metric tons of cocaine .
“ They went from being an urban legend to some sporadic seizures to a flurry in the last two years , ” said an official at the U.S. embassy in Bogota .
“ Semi - submersibles are the transportation of choice for maritime drug traffickers . ”
The smugglers are trading speed for stealth .
They used to prefer go - fast boats , high - speed fiberglass watercraft that can carry 2 tons of drugs and travel up to 80 miles per hour in calm seas .
But those crafts leave huge wakes and anti-drug agents , using helicopters and their own racing boats , have become far more adept at spotting them .
So , the traffickers have moved underwater by making modifications to the go - fast boat design .
A semi-submersible is , in essence , a go - fast boat with a fiberglass top fitted with air vents that stick out of the water .
Instead of high - speed engines , the semi-submersible is powered by a 200 or 300 horsepower diesel motor , allowing the vessel to move about 10 miles per hour .
The resulting wake is so small that anti-drug agents or Coast Guard officials must get within 3,000 yards of the vessels to spot them .
Most semi-submersibles are built along the rivers , estuaries and mangrove swamps of Colombia ’s Pacific coast , at a cost of between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million per vessel .
They leave Colombia above water at night , with only about 30 percent of their cargo .
Once on the open sea , smugglers add more cocaine , diesel fuel , water , food and other supplies , and often position rocks in the bow and stern to partially sink the craft and maintain ballast .
Inside , the living quarters are cramped .
Typically , four or five crew members sleep on mattresses and live on a diet of canned food , crackers and energy drinks .
With no bathroom , they must climb on top of the vessel to do their business .
“ It ’s very uncomfortable , ” said Rodriguez , the Colombian Navy captain .
But it ’s also effective .
Rodriguez estimates that perhaps as few as 25 percent of all semi-submersibles leaving Colombia are seized .
Built to be disposable , the vessels are constructed with valves allowing them to be filled with water .
Once the drugs are dropped off — or if the vessels are about to be seized — crew members can sink them within a few minutes .
Rodriguez recalled a case in January when the Colombian Navy spotted a semi-submersible near the Pacific island of Gorgona .
Before Navy officers could arrest them , the traffickers sunk the vessel .
The evidence was lost and all Rodriguez ’s men could do was pass out life jackets to the smugglers and return them to the mainland .
Frustration over similar cases in international waters prompted the U.S. Congress last year to pass the Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction Act.
Co-sponsored by Lautenberg , the law mandates up to 15 years in prison for operators of semi-submersibles .
But just as authorities close one loophole , the drug traffickers seem to find others .
Many anti-drug agents fear that smugglers will turn to full - fledged submarines , which would be even more difficult to spot .
In 2000 , Colombian police found a massive , double - hulled submarine being built high in the Andes Mountains in a warehouse outside of Bogota .
The 78 - foot vessel , which was half built , was designed to descend to depths of more than 300 feet — to avoid sonar — as well as to travel 3,000 nautical miles and remain at sea for nearly two weeks .
" A submarine of this sophistication might be found in the world 's leading navies , " said John B. Brown III , then the acting DEA administrator , in a 2003 speech .
Another fear is that submarines and semi-submersibles could be used by terrorists .
Adm. James Stravidis , who heads the Miami - based U.S. Southern Command , recently outlined his concerns in a military journal .
“ In simple terms , if drug cartels can ship up to 10 tons of cocaine in a semi- submersible , ” Stravidis wrote , “ they can clearly ship or ‘ rent space ’ to a terrorist organization for a weapon of mass destruction . ”
More GlobalPost dispatches on Colombia :
Colombia 's teetotaling president tries to tighten drug laws
Tourists trek to the Amazon for hallucinogenic properties of ayahuasca
For bullet - proof underwear , Miguel Caballero is your man
Dog in X-ray .
This dog is eaten car keys and is very funny .
I think this picture could be real because dogs usually eat interesting things .
In Soviet Russia album covers … well you can figure out yourself how to say it cool after getting a look on more than 70 different sometimes very funny Soviet vynyl covers art .
6.10.3 prerelease
Hi all , 6.10.3 is now ready to release .
There have been very few changes relative to 6.10.2 ; the release notes are here :
http://www.haskell.org/ghc/dist/stable/docs/users_guide/release-6-10-3.html
This is just to give people a chance to report any regressions relative to 6.10.2 , in particular , build failures or ghci problems .
Source tarballs are here : http://www.haskell.org/ghc/dist/stable/dist/ghc-6.10.2.20090430-src.tar.bz2
http://www.haskell.org/ghc/dist/stable/dist/ghc-6.10.2.20090430-src-extralibs.tar.bz2
Unless any major problems are uncovered , we expect to build the final release in a couple of days .
Thanks Ian
Hello , I just wanted to provide everyone with a head ’s up that the next PLAYSTATION 3 system software update ( v2.80 ) will be coming soon .
The playback quality of some PLAYSTATION 3 format software has been improved .
because you 're tired of the lies
Vaccines do not cause autism .
That was the ruling in each of three critical test cases handed down on February 12 by the U.S. Court of Federal Claims in Washington , D.C.
After a decade of speculation , argument , and analysis — often filled with vitriol on both sides — the court specifically denied any link between the combination of the MMR vaccine and vaccines with thimerosal ( a mercury - based preservative ) and the spectrum of disorders associated with autism .
But these rulings , though seemingly definitive , have done little to quell the angry debate , which has severe implications for American public health .
The idea that there is something wrong with our vaccines — that they have poisoned a generation of kids , driving an “ epidemic ” of autism — continues to be everywhere : on cable news , in celebrity magazines , on blogs , and in health news stories .
It has had a particularly strong life on the Internet , including the heavily trafficked Huffington Post , and in pop culture , where it is supported by actors including Charlie Sheen and Jim Carrey , former Playboy playmate Jenny McCarthy , and numerous others .
Despite repeated rejection by the scientific community , it has spawned a movement , led to thousands of legal claims , and even triggered occasional harassment and threats against scientists whose research appears to discredit it .
You can see where the emotion and sentiment come from .
Autism can be a terrible condition , devastating to families .
It can leave parents not only aggrieved but desperate to find any cure , any salvation .
Medical services and behavioral therapy for severely autistic children can cost more than $ 100,000 a year , and these children often exhibit extremely difficult behavior .
Moreover , the incidence of autism is apparently rising rapidly .
Today one in every 150 children has been diagnosed on the autism spectrum ; 20 years ago that statistic was one in 10,000 .
“ Put yourself in the shoes of these parents , ” says journalist David Kirby , whose best - selling 2005 book , Evidence of Harm , dramatized the vaccine - autism movement .
“ They have perfectly normal kids who are walking and happy and everything — and then they regress . ”
The irony is that vaccine skepticism — not the vaccines themselves — is now looking like the true public - health threat .
The decadelong vaccine - autism saga began in 1998 , when British gastroenterologist Andrew Wakefield and his colleagues published evidence in The Lancet suggesting they had tracked down a shocking cause of autism .
Examining the digestive tracts of 12 children with behavioral disorders , nine of them autistic , the researchers found intestinal inflammation , which they pinned on the MMR ( measles , mumps , and rubella ) vaccine .
Wakefield had a specific theory of how the MMR shot could trigger autism :
The upset intestines , he conjectured , let toxins loose in the bloodstream , which then traveled to the brain .
The vaccine was , in this view , effectively a poison .
In a dramatic press conference , Wakefield announced the findings and sparked an instant media frenzy .
For the British public , a retreat from the use of the MMR vaccine — and a rise in the incidence of measles — began .
In the United States , meanwhile , fears would soon arise concerning another means by which vaccines might induce autism .
Many vaccines at the time contained thimerosal , a preservative introduced in the 1930s to make vaccines safer by preventing bacterial contamination .
But thimerosal is 50 percent mercury by weight , and mercury is known to be a potent neurotoxin , at least in large doses .
In 1999 new federal safety guidelines for mercury in fish stirred concerns about vaccines as well .
The U.S. government responded by ordering that thimerosal be removed from all vaccines administered to children under age 6 , or reduced to trace amounts .
( Some inactivated influenza vaccines were exempted . )
The step was described as a “ precautionary ” measure .
There was no proof of harm , government researchers said , just reason to worry that there might be .
Meanwhile , scientists launched numerous studies to determine whether thimerosal had actually caused an autism epidemic , while some parents and their lawyers started pointing fingers and developing legal cases .
Within weeks of this year ’s federal court decisions — which examined and vindicated both the MMR vaccine and thimerosal — environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. wrote a column in The Huffington Post in which he continued to press his case that the government has peddled unsafe vaccines to an unsuspecting public .
It is a cause he has championed since 2005 , when he published “ Deadly Immunity ” in Rolling Stone and Salon magazines .
The article was a no-holds - barred denunciation of the U.S. public - health establishment , purporting to tell the story of how “ government health agencies colluded with Big Pharma to hide the risks of thimerosal from the public … a chilling case study of institutional arrogance , power , and greed . ”
Half a decade after the original thimerosal concerns were first raised , Kennedy claimed to have found the smoking gun : the transcript of a “ secret ” 2000 meeting of government , pharmaceutical , and independent researchers with expertise in vaccines .
Kennedy ’s conclusion :
The generational catastrophe was real ; our kids had been poisoned .
If true , it would be perhaps the greatest biomedical catastrophe in modern history .
# 214810 +( 9572 ) - [ X ] < Fulgore > whats the complement to a 43 degree angle ?
< sparks >
My you 're looking " acute " today
< Fulgore > fuck you
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraqi forces detained five U.S. security contractors in connection with the killing of a fellow American contractor last month in Baghdad ’s Green Zone , an Iraqi government spokesman said on Sunday .
Major General Abdul - Karim Khalaf , the Interior Ministry spokesman , said the five men were being held at an Iraqi police station in the capital ’s heavily - fortified central district while a joint Iraqi - U.S. committee investigated .
The detainees could become the first Americans to face local justice since a bilateral security pact came into force at the start of this year making U.S. contractors subject to Iraqi law .
“ There are no formal charges against them so far , but they were detained because of the murder of the contractor last month , ” Khalaf told Reuters .
Citing an unnamed Iraqi official involved in the investigation , CNN said the men had been detained on Friday in a pre-dawn raid on their company ’s office in the Green Zone .
The murdered contractor , James Kitterman , was a 60 - year - old Texan who owned a construction company operating in Iraq .
Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and stabbed to death on May 22 in the heavily - fortified district .
Citing unnamed sources , CNN said the five men knew the victim and that the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) was involved in the probe into his death .
Heavily - armed and highly - paid Western contractors are a common sight in Iraq , especially in the Green Zone , also known as the International Zone .
Many provide security for the U.S. military in Iraq while others protect private firms .
A U.S. Embassy spokesman in the Iraqi capital confirmed five U.S. citizens were taken into custody by Iraqi authorities .
“ Embassy consular officials have visited the five and ensured they are being afforded their rights under Iraqi law .
The men appeared well , ” the U.S. spokesman told Reuters .
The security agreement between Washington and Baghdad sets terms for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq and establishes guidelines for their activities while they remain .
It also allows U.S. troops to be tried in Iraqi courts -- but only in cases of serious , premeditated crimes committed while soldiers were off - base and off - duty .
Private contractors , previously immune to prosecution in Iraq , are now wholly bound by Iraqi laws .
Under the pact , U.S. combat troops were scheduled to withdraw from Iraqi towns and cities by the end of this month , while all U.S. troops must leave the country by December 31 , 2011 .
Introduction to fstab
The fstab is one of the first configuration files new Linux users get their hands on .
Fstab stands for File System Table .
It is basically a config file that will tell your computer which devices ( or virtual devices ) to use on boot .
The Fstab
In almost all distributions the fstab file is located in ‘ /etc/fstab / ’ .
You can open it up with your favorite editor :
vim /etc / fstab
Syntax
< file system > < dir > < type > < options > < dump > < pass >
File System
The first one , file system revers the block device :
/dev/cdrom
/ dev/sda1
/ dev/dvd
UUID=8af8255331ab
LABEL=
Dir
This will be the directory where the device will be mounted to .
In other words this will be the directory you will need to access in order to view the contents of the device .
The general rule of thumb is that physical internal mounts are stored in / mnt and removable media is stored in / media .
Typical directories
/mnt/someDrive
/media/cdrom
/ media/dvd
/media/someNFS
Type
The type specifies which type of file system you are trying to mount .
Common types are :
ext3 - Linux FS
- Linux FS ext4 - Version 4 of ext
- Version 4 of ext auto - Usually used for CD - ROM mounts
- Usually used for CD - ROM mounts ntfs - 3g - NTFS ( Windows )
- NTFS ( Windows ) cifs - Windows file sharing
- Windows file sharing nfs - Linux file sharing
To see all the file systems you have currently supported , do :
cat / proc/ filesystems
Options
This section is where you specify file system specific options .
Dump
This field is used for file systems that use the dump command .
A zero here will mean that the file system does not need to be “ dumped ” .
Dump is a utility that will do a backup on the file system .
Usually this value is set to zero .
Pass
Pass is the fsck ( file system check ) order .
There are only 3 valid options here .
0 - do not check .
- do not check .
1 - check this partition first .
- check this partition first .
2 - check this partition (s ) next
Usually you set your root partition to be checked first with ‘ 1 ’ and set all other partitions to ‘ 2 ’ .
If you want to disable file system checking all together on the device use a ‘ 0 ’ .
This is commonly done on network shares and remote file systems .
Remount Everything in Fstab
It is common to want to update the system after you have made changes to the fstab config without having to reboot the computer .
To remount everything in fstab without restarting do :
sudo mount -a
Mount by UUID
You can run into problems when mounting removable devices using the ‘ / dev/sdb1 ’ style .
This style of pointing to devices depends on the order in which they are detected in boot which can change depending on if you add or change a hard drive or plug multiple USB devices in .
For this reason I have been mounting all of my devices with the UUID instead .
Using the UUID of the hard drive we can mount the same drive no matter which order it comes up in boot or when it is detected .
The UUID is a unique identifier for that particular drive .
Linux will make no mistake when it comes to mounting file systems that are mapped by their UUID in fstab .
For example :
UUID=18EC910AEAEA90D084 /mnt/someDrive ntfs -3g defaults , user 0 1
This drive will always be mounted at the mount point ‘/ mnt/someDrive ’ even if we add or remove one of the other drives in the system .
To get the UUID of a drive first find traditional unix stlye map with :
sudo fdisk -l
This will give you a list of drives with some good identifying material , such as file system type and disk size .
Look for the section that starts with ‘/ dev / ’ and remember what it says .
For example mine says , ‘/ dev/sdd1 ’ .
Then do :
ls -l / dev/disk / by- uuid
This will print out all the UUIDs for each device .
Mounting NFS Shares
Here is an example of mounting an NFS share .
192.168.1.X:/media/sharename /media/sharename nfs rsize=8192,wsize=8192 0 0
Mounting Samba ( Windows ) Shares
Many systems are in a network with other operating systems .
In order to communicate with Windows shares you will need to use cifs or smbfs .
//192.168.1.X/sharename /media/sharename cifs rw,user,username=username ,password=password 0 0
Inevitably you are going to run across a Windows share that has a space in its name .
Be sure to read : Mounting a Samba Share that has Spaces to find out how to work around the problem .
Mounting NTFS Shares
In order to mount NTFS ( Windows ) drives in Linux you will need to get the ntfs - 3g driver .
Which is the third generation of NTFS drivers .
Ntfs - 3g supports reading and writing to NTFS drives where older NTFS drivers only support reading .
UUID=18EC910AEAEA90D084 /mnt/someDrive ntfs -3g defaults , user 0 1
You might also want to check out Setting up sshfs .
To mount directories over the secure protocol , SSH .
Syrian President Bashar Assad with his wife Asma : Although the Syrian government is not being declared free of the suspicion of involvement , at least President Assad is no longer in the line of fire .
There is hardly anything to indicate he was aware of the murder plot .
Foto : DPA
Our Objective
UNI Royalties makes it easy for the individual mineral and royalty owner to convert producing or non-producing minerals into cash .
We provide a direct means to liquidate gas and oil royalties and overriding royalty interests .
We are a purchaser of oil and gas royalties as well as many other types of royalty interests .
Reasons to Sell Royalties
The sale of royalty interest provides the opportunity to liquidate and clean up the assets of an estate to avoid foreclosure delinquencies or estate tax problems .
Some people sell in order to eliminate future legal expense to Probate in many states Nationally .
For the Small Interest Owner , the cost associated with transferring ownership can exceed the perpetual value of the royalty interest .
It is very important to understand cost or percentage depletion of a well when computing taxes .
Some interest owners do not want to incur extra costs or out of pocket expense for the tax preparation and administration .
Some clients tell us it is cumbersome to try to keep track of royalty interest income and the taxes associated with the interest .
This seems to be especially true for owners of small interests .
By selling your interests now , you will no longer be required to pay property taxes , which can simplify your taxing preparation or taxing problems .
With energy prices at an all time high , this is an excellent time to convert royalty interest into cash and liquidate .
The Cardinal Rule is , " Buy Low , Sell High " , with the oil and gas commodity markets at an all time historic high , there has never been a better time to sell .
No Costs , Problems , or Hassles for sellers , Evaluations by Seasoned Geological Staff Members , Our Knowledgeable Experts aid in a Smooth and Easy Transaction !
Use the Form to get a FREE Quote !
REMINDER : Our offers can be up to 72 times the monthly income generated by your oil and gas properties , dependent upon certain evaluation parameters .
Get a FREE Evaluation and Analysis on your property .
We 'll do all the work including the preparation of the mineral deeds , royalty deeds , quitclaim deeds , life estate deeds and joint tenant deeds to transfer oil royalties and gas royalties to heirs or the new owners .
UNI Royalties works throughout the United States , and most deeds can be prepared using information supplied by the owner or the oil and gas purchaser .
Oil & Gas Deed and Transfer Information
Joint Tenant Deed
Transfers undivided co-ownership to two or more people whereby , upon the death of the first owner , his share automatically transfers in equal shares to the remaining owner (s ) .
View Deed
Life Estate Deed Deed
Transfers to the grantee the right to receive revenues generated from oil and gas production and lease bonuses as long as the grantee is alive .
Once the grantee dies , the right to receive revenues reverts back to the grantor .
Commonly used when an owner wants to transfer his oil assets out of his estate but wants to continue to receive the revenues generated from the oil royalties during his lifetime .
View Deed
Mineral Deed
Transfers ownership of the royalty interest including the right to execute leases and receive bonus payments .
View Deed
Quality Claim Deed
Also called quitclaim deed , quick claim deed and quick claim deed .
Transfers any mineral , royalty or overriding royalty owned with no warranty of title .
View Deed
Royalty Deed
Transfers ownership of the royalty interest only and not the right to execute leases and receive bonus payments .
View Deed
Oil & Gas Mineral Rights Option Agreement , Contract Agreement , and Oil , Gas , and Mineral Lease Agreements
Oil , Gas , and Mineral Rights Option Agreement Sample
View Agreement
Oil & Gas Option Agreements are typically used as a means of a " hedge " against competitors and pricing so that you can option the property or access to the rights on the property at an underlining price today if in the event the markets go up tomorrow .
Contrarily , they can also back fire if the markets tumble downward as opposed to shooting upward , which can bring in additional challenges especially when the purchaser has to going back into negotiations with the Seller after the fact .
Oil , Gas , and Mineral Rights Contract Sample
View Contract
Oil and Gas Contracts are essential to the success of acquisitions and divestures in the oil and gas business , whether you are buying / selling oil , gas , and mineral lease (s ) , working interests , operations , mineral rights and / or royalties .
We have outlined a sample contract to illustrate some of the terms and verbiage that one must become familiar with in the oil and gas business prior to selling their mineral and / royalty interests .
It is important to understand what you are selling and what you are signing before you sell anything .
Oil , Gas , and Mineral Lease Sample
Before You Lease :
What 's important on your lease ?
We have outlined below some of the many important things to consider before you sign a lease with an oil and gas production company .
Lease Bonus and Primary Term :
The amount you are paid per net acre ( typically called a signing bonus ) determines how much you will make on the front end of the lease .
Its important to understand that there are 2 positions when it comes to leasing : Front End Lessor -
This position generally happens when a Lessor negotiates a great signing bonus and primary term with little regard to the royalty percentage of production they will be paid or where that percentage is determined from .
Back End Lessor -
This occurs when the Lessor negotiates a fair signing bonus rate , which could be less than market but a stellar royalty percentage and has his / her royalties calculated off the wellhead as opposed to the end of the line , typically called the " Special Lease " , you have to ask for this lease , otherwise it will never be presented for obvious reasons .
Primary term of the lease is important because this is the initial term they tie your property up .
During the primary term you will not be able to re-lease unless someone will pay you for a top lease , in certain areas that is worth doing for the consideration is much less than the original lease .
Make sure you are comfortable with the amount be paid for the length of time your property will be tied up .
Royalty Percentage and Calculation :
You always want your royalties calculated off the wellhead , if they are not , sometimes there is a loophole for operators to make you share burden in " transportation " of the hydrocarbons .
When in doubt , its highly recommended you seek competent legal counsel prior to signing or negotiating a lease .
If you need an oil and gas royalty calculator , we have an .xls sheet avaialable .
Options to Extend Primary Term :
If there is an options clause in your lease then you certainly want to make sure if they renew , they do so at a higher " per net mineral acre " basis then you were paid on the original primary term .
An additional consideration is the length of time the option is for because your property will be tied up under obligation for that period so you need to be paid well for that option , for example : ( i.e. 2 years , 3 years , etc. ) .
View Lease
What 's important on your lease ?
We have outlined below some of the many important things to consider before you sign a lease with an oil and gas production company .
U.S. Oil & Gas Shale Development on the Rise
The United States Gas Shale development plays are growing .
The shale wells face significant declines in the first 12 - 18 months , however , the ecomonics still support infill development .
Please see the chart below for detailed descriptions for the U.S. Major Gas Shale Plays and their economics .
Find out where your well fits into the BIG picture .
If you interested in Selling Your Oil and Gas Shale Minerals - Click here
Comparables for Major Gas Shales in U.S.A
© Copyright 2009 Bob Englehart – All Rights Reserved .
Used with permission .
Editors Note : Goodness knows
I ’ve complained plenty about Obama ’s policies , but I think he ’s been spot on with Iran ( and even more generally with his approach to foreign policy ) .
Bush ’s cowboy foreign policy is part of why the GOP is out in the wilderness now .
The best thing to do with Iran is stay out of it .
Time and demographics are on liberty ’s side , if we stop giving the fundamentalists there an excuse to crack down .
Someone told me : “ I could be wrong , but judging by his hat , this guy ai n’t gonna make it !!!! ”
Posted on July 28 , 2008 .
Filed under : Interesting , Jokes , Political | Tags : 60's , Alabama , Alabama Medical Center , Clean Joke , Clean Jokes , Emergency room , Joke , Jokes |
Place : EMERGENCY ROOM
ALABAMA MEDICAL CENTER
Date : The 60’s !!
One guy said to me : “ I could be wrong , but judging by his hat , this guy ai n’t gonna make it !!!! ”
BUT , if you believe in G - o-d and you see NO COLORS , a patient is just a patient , NO Matter IF he is even a piece garbage like that !
in the middle of this picture
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
*** We WANT Moshiach , Now !!! ***
By the way , You , too , can help hasten the coming of Moshiach by doing ONE more Mitzvah .
*** We WANT Moshiach , Now !!! ***
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
Stunning new concept art offers a first look at Alice in Wonderland as seen through the eyes of director Tim Burton .
The images , released by Disney as Burton works on the remake in London , show Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter ( pictured above ) and provide a fascinating peek at the fabulist director 's vision for Alice , The Red Queen and the movie 's other central characters .
The pictures hint at an elegant , richly textured fantasy world that honors Lewis Carroll 's 19th - century fairy tale while incorporating bits of Burton 's trademark weirdness ( check the grimacing flowers in the picture below ) .
The images are drawn from the world of Alice in Wonderland , as re-imagined by one of the world 's most visually arresting directors .
The movie is scheduled for release March 5 , 2010 .
Alice , played by Mia Wasikowska , contemplates some giant mushrooms .
Helena Bonham Carter plays The Red Queen .
Alice joins Tweedledee and Tweedledum at a very Burton - esque gate .
Tweedledee and Tweedledum ( Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire baddie Matt Lucas in the dual role ) look ready to cause trouble .
The White Queen , as portrayed by Anne Hathaway .
The White Rabbit ( voiced by Michael Sheen ) chats with Alice .
Teacups are a recurring visual theme .
Images courtesy Walt Disney Pictures .
See also :
The elusive perfect male .
He can be found at bars , but not singing karaoke drunk while making out with your best friend .
He is sensitive to your needs and is a caring man who will put your needs first .
He will talk about feelings with you and will never cheat on you ever .
Oil closed above $ 70 a barrel for the first time this year Tuesday , and its swift surge from the $ 30s over just a few weeks is conjuring up images of its meteoric and economy - crippling rise to more than $ 140 last summer .
In 2008 , nothing seemed capable of stopping oil ’s climb , and investors kicked themselves for missing out on prices that flirted with $ 150 .
But for those who want to bet on another doubling of prices soon , analysts are warning caution .
Some question whether the economy is strong enough to justify oil at $ 70 .
Others worry that if oil -- which gained $ 1.92 to close at $ 70.01 -- climbs above $ 80 , the burdensome costs to businesses and consumers will weaken the economy , cause demand to drop and push oil prices back down .
“ Investors have made a lot of mistakes investing in energy funds , ” said Morningstar analyst Michael Herbst .
“ They flood in during rallies when they should be doing just the opposite .
Oil is very volatile and not easy to predict . ”
Advertisement
Oil shares have rallied sharply along with the price of crude since the stock market hit bottom in early March , but experts say it would probably take a continued run-up in oil prices for the stocks to move higher .
It ’s not just individual investors who struggle to get it right .
Last summer , Goldman Sachs estimated that oil could go to $ 200 a barrel for the year .
Instead , it plunged as the recession gripped the economy .
Recently , the New York investment bank estimated oil could go to $ 85 by the end of this year .
Analysts are struggling to determine just what has pushed oil to $ 70 in such a short time .
“ It seems to us that the oil market has mostly responded to improving expectations concerning the timing of the recovery more than to an actual pickup in demand , ” said Merrill Lynch global economist Riccardo Barbieri .
“ Inventories are high and OPEC is sitting on ample spare capacity . ”
Advertisement
Beyond speculative trading , oil is driven largely by supply and demand .
So if there is plenty of oil stockpiled , there is no fundamental reason for prices to skyrocket .
In fact , if a lot of oil is sitting in tanks and there is little demand for it , the price could be positioned to fall .
That ’s a possibility Douglas Hepworth is taking seriously .
He ’s the research director of Gresham , a New York commodities investment manager , and he says he does n’t bet on prices .
But if he were pushed , he’d be inclined to bet on oil at $ 50 versus $ 140 , he said .
“ In the U.S. , oil demand looks very frail , ” said Merrill Lynch commodities strategist Francisco Blanch .
In the Asia Pacific area , “ demand has nose - dived as a result of the dramatic contraction in Japanese industry activity . ”
Europe is also weak .
Not all analysts think oil is poised for a fall .
Barclays analyst Costanza Jacazio thinks oil at $ 70 is a fair price despite the economy ’s weaknesses .
Advertisement
She said oil plunged last year simply because there was no clarity over how troubled the economy would become .
Now , there are early signs suggesting that conditions will start improving .
But , she said , there still is no expectation for tremendous growth , Jacazio said .
Rather , OPEC seems to be positioned to hold back supplies so they do n’t overwhelm demand , and OPEC leaders have stated that $ 75 seems like a fair price .
“ So investors have more confidence in the price target , and prices have moved toward that , ” Jacazio said .
Barclays is expecting oil to remain in a range of $ 70 to $ 80 for six months and then to rise gradually as the economy improves in 2010 and 2011 .
The Britain - based investment bank is forecasting $ 137 by 2015 .
Advertisement
The conditions that drove oil over $ 140 last summer seem far off now .
Experts are unsure when the economy will emerge from recession , and slow growth is expected over the next several years .
“ If the world is growing at 5 % , there is not enough oil , and if it is growing at 1 % , there is too much , ” Hepworth said .
He thinks oil prices have been skewed lately by trading activities that link a weakening dollar to rising oil prices .
Meanwhile , as the economy improves and demand rises for energy , the supply concerns of 2008 could eventually return .
But for now , Hepworth said that scenario appeared to be a distant concern .
Advertisement
--
gmarksjarvis@tribune.com
Y ou 've heard of road rage , air rage , cubicle rage , retail rage and even gym rage .
But is it possible to suffer from city rage ?
On Sunday , I returned home from a barbecue to an unpleasant discovery : A fiend had smashed into my locked shed and absconded with my lawn mower .
" Can you believe this ? "
I asked my wife , who seemed more concerned with the length of our grass than the actual theft .
" Our Lawnhog was abducted in broad daylight .
What is happening to this city ? "
As I stood in the crime scene , examining the shed 's mangled door frame , my blood boiled .
It was n't just the electric mower or the oversized black urns ( stolen last year ) or the fact someone had once squeezed through our kitchen window while we were sleeping , swiping a few household items , including the keys to our car .
No , as I walked toward the front porch , across a slab of sidewalk spray - painted with graffiti , my anger went beyond property theft .
These days , admittedly , everything about Toronto is making me mad : Construction , dirty parks , appalling customer service , endless fees , abysmal leadership , dysfunctional council , inept urban planning , potholes , expensive goods , dilapidated neighbourhoods , aggressive panhandlers , the ongoing futility of our hockey squad .
Toronto the Good has become Toronto the Enraging .
The other night , after ordering sushi , I glanced at the bill and noticed I had been charged for the plastic bag in which our food was delivered .
Granted , five cents is no big deal .
Still , as I choked down sashimi , I could feel a bad case of city rage burning in my mouth like wasabi .
It was n't the money .
It was the principle .
" Can you believe this ? " I asked my wife .
" What are we supposed to do ?
Courier a canvas bag to the restaurant before we order ?
Next time , maybe I 'll ask if the poor delivery guy can balance our miso soup on his head instead of using a bag . "
Then there 's the municipal strike , which started yesterday .
Whether this labour action is short - lived or long lasting , one thing is clear :
Once again , honest , hardworking , law - abiding taxpayers are being held hostage by a system that always puts them last .
That should be Toronto's new motto : Where Citizens Are Taken For Granted .
A disruption to garbage pickup after we just started paying new fees for garbage pickup ?
Charging residents with " illegal dumping " after they left bags outside a designated transfer station yesterday because pickets had blocked their access ?
Sometimes I wonder if we would n't be better off if a crime syndicate took over our waste removal system .
Thug : " How much are you throwing out this week , bub ? "
Citizen : " Ah , let 's see , two bags and a box of recycling . "
Thug : " That 'll be three bucks .
And do n't worry about it .
You 'll never see this stuff again , if you know what I mean . "
As it stands now , we do all the work – recycling , reusing , sorting , hauling freakishly big bins to the curb – and keep getting told that we 're not doing enough .
We pay a lot of protection money for not a lot of protection .
The shuttering of daycare centres is also galling .
Should n't " taking care of children " be deemed an essential service in a civil society ?
Believe me , young parents are already struggling with a raft of recessionary realities .
That 's right , I forgot , " reality " is never a factor in a municipal strike .
And let 's not get started on the cancellation of island ferry service , parks maintenance or summer camps .
Why , it 's enough to make a person drink – assuming , that is , LCBO workers are n't also on strike tomorrow morning .
What is happening to this city ?
It is making us furious .
vmenon@thestar.ca
If you ’re a smoker or if you just happen across a spare cigarette box , maybe you can learn this folding technique , origami if you will , and impress your friends ( or the ladies ) .
Here ’s a step by step photo instructions of what to do :
if pictures are n’t you thing , here ’s a video to watch .
Decimated Jewish population under pressure Yemen
In this photo taken on April 8 , 2009 , a young Jewish Yemeni boy , son of Yahya Yaish al - Qedeimi , walks in the courtyard of a Jewish home in Kharif , Yemen .
Yemen 's Jewish community , whose roots are thought to date back 3,000 years to King Solomon , once numbered 60,000 but shrank dramatically when most left for the newborn state of Israel .
( AP Photo / Hamza Hendawi ) less
In this photo taken on April 8 , 2009 , a young Jewish Yemeni boy , son of Yahya Yaish al - Qedeimi , walks in the courtyard of a Jewish home in Kharif , Yemen .
Yemen 's Jewish community , whose roots are thought to ... more Photo : Hamza Hendawi , AP Photo : Hamza Hendawi , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Decimated Jewish population under pressure 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
In this village in northern Yemen , where a kosher butcher slaughters chickens and the school bus carries young boys in side curls along a dirt track to their Hebrew studies , one of the oldest Jewish communities in the Arab world is fighting for its survival .
Yemen 's Jews , here and elsewhere in the country , are thought to have roots dating back nearly 3,000 years to King Solomon .
The community used to number 60,000 but shrank dramatically when most left for the newborn state of Israel .
Those remaining , variously estimated to number 250 to 400 , are feeling new and sometimes violent pressure from Yemeni Muslims , lately inflamed by Israel 's fierce offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza that cost over 1,000 Palestinian lives .
They face a Yemeni government that is ambivalent - publicly supportive but also lax in keeping its promises - in an Arab world where Islamic extremism and hostility to minorities are generally on the rise .
" There is hardly a mosque sermon that 's free of bigotry .
The government 's own political rhetoric marginalizes the Jews , and civil society is too weak to protect them , " says Mansour Hayel , a Muslim Yemeni and human rights activist who is an expert on Yemen 's Jewry .
" The government 's policies are to blame for the suffering of the Jews , " he says .
The pressures have long existed .
But an Associated Press reporter who traveled recently to the rarely visited north and interviewed Jews , Muslim tribal sheikhs , rights activists and lawyers in Yemen 's capital of Sanaa , heard complaints that the frequency of harassment - including a murder and the pelting of homes with rocks - has markedly increased .
The testimony was particularly striking because Jews in Arab lands often refrain from airing grievances , lest they antagonize the government and provoke Muslim militants .
Yemen 's government says it is trying to stop the harassment .
President Ali Abdullah Saleh has proposed that the 45 Jewish families in the farming communities of Kharif and the nearby town of Raydah in Omran province be moved 50 miles southeast to Sanaa , where they can be better protected .
He has offered them free plots of land to build homes .
But the government has taken no concrete steps since presidential aides first spoke of the offer late last year .
For 18 Jewish families who moved to Sanaa in 2007 from Saada , another northern province , things have not gone well .
They fled fighting between troops and rebels , during which some Jewish homes were ransacked and ancient books destroyed .
Now they live in cramped apartments under tight guard , entirely dependent on small government handouts .
The families in Kharif and Raydah say they too would like to leave , but only if compensated for property they leave behind .
Migrating to Israel or the United States is a possibility , and the government says it will not stop anyone from leaving .
But Jews here do n't discuss that option publicly , because in Yemen , Israel is anathema and America is deeply distrusted .
At least one outside group has tried to bring the Yemeni Jews out , said an Israeli official in Jerusalem , speaking on condition of anonymity because the subject is highly sensitive .
But many are loath to become refugees and lose all they have , the official said .
" It is in the interest of the government for the Jews to stay , " said Sheikh Mohammed Nagi al - Shayef , a wealthy tribal leader and the Yemeni president 's point man on Jewish affairs .
" It will be a disgrace for the government if they leave . "
But that view appears far from universal .
In Kharif , Yahya Yaish Al - Qedeimi has a long list of complaints about how he and his fellow Jews are treated : harassment in the market , stones thrown at the school bus , insults from villagers walking past his house .
When Saddam Hussein was executed , " they pelted our house with rocks , " he said .
Al - Qedeimi is a rabbi's son in a village that no longer has a rabbi .
He is uncertain about the future but fears that if the community moves to the capital it will be grouped in one place and become a tempting target for militants .
He says younger members of the community are pressuring the elders to leave Yemen altogether .
Tensions rise each time Israel conducts military operations in Gaza or the West Bank , he says .
" We complain to the police about the more serious incidents , but they never investigate , " Al - Qedeimi said .
" Our fears have grown after Moshe 's killing .
The lenient sentence against his killer will encourage others to do the same . "
By " Moshe " he means Moshe Yaish Youssef Nahari , who was gunned down on a December day near his home in Raydah .
Compounding the Jews ' shock and dread , the self - confessed killer was spared the death penalty , though it 's usually mandatory in such cases .
Nahari , a father of nine in his early 30s , taught Hebrew to the children , and was also in charge of slaughtering sheep and poultry according to kosher laws .
He had Jewish and Muslim friends and occasionally invited them to his home to chew qat , the mildly narcotic leaf that is a Yemeni staple and symbol of social togetherness .
He also was an active campaigner for Yemen 's president .
The killer was Abdul - Aziz Yehia Hamoud al - Abdi , a former air force pilot .
He was convicted of murder in the first degree , but the judge ruled him mentally unfit , sent him to a mental institution and ordered his clan to pay the victim 's family $ 27,500 .
Nahari's family has refused to accept the money and is appealing the March 2 sentence .
It was al - Abdi 's second murder .
The 38 - year - old Muslim had killed his wife five years earlier but the case never reached a court because tribal leaders protected him , saying he suffered from depression .
According to witnesses cited by Khaled al - Anasi , the Nahari family 's Muslim lawyer , al - Abdi confronted Nahari , shouting , " You , Jew , convert to Islam so your life is safe . "
Nahari said something to the effect of " mind your own business " and al - Abdi pumped 11 bullets from a Kalashnikov assault rifle into the victim , killing him , the witness statements said .
Al - Anasi said the judge , having convicted al - Abdi of first - degree murder , was obliged to sentence him to life imprisonment or death .
He also complained that the trial was held in Omran province , with hundreds of al - Abdi's fellow tribesmen frequently disrupting the proceedings and intimidating the judge and Nahari 's family .
" I used to like living in Raydah , now I just want to leave , " said 12 - year - old Sasson , the oldest of the murdered man 's four boys .
Sasson was taught Hebrew and religion by his late father .
He says his education has been disrupted by his father 's death and that he may travel abroad to study .
Four of his aunts are married and settled in Israel , the family says .
" I will be back when I finish my studies , " said Sasson , a soft - spoken boy who wore a dark suit , it being the day before Passover , the holiday that celebrates the Jews ' exodus from slavery in ancient Egypt .
The history of Jews in the Arab world is a narrative of discrimination and persecution , but also some prosperity .
The hundreds of thousands who arrived after their expulsion from 15th century Spain mostly lived in ghettos with limited rights , although some professionals prospered .
Most migrated to Israel in the 1950s .
The small numbers who stayed behind lived at the mercy of nationalist governments in places like Iraq and Egypt .
For Jews , Yemen has more symbolic significance than almost any place in the Arab world .
Historians believe the first Jews arrived here in around 900 B.C. as part of King Solomon 's trading network .
Evidence of a Jewish presence in Yemen can be traced back to the third century A.D .
The Jews of today 's Yemen zealously guard their customs .
Men wear skullcaps , women black robes and veils .
Children must learn Hebrew and Torah .
Holy days are celebrated in bare makeshift synagogues attached to the homes of community elders .
On a recent day , two men bumped along a dirt track on a motorcycle near Kharif , side curls blowing horizontal in the wind .
In the dusty courtyard of Al - Qedeimi 's mud- brick home , Jewish men stood chatting , while a man murmured prayers as he slaughtered a chicken .
Al - Qedeimi is a car repairman and traditional healer who says he made lifelong Muslim friends at the government school he attended .
Because of the harassment , young Jews no longer can go to that school and make such friends , he said .
Receiving visitors in a room with Hebrew writings on the wall , he comes back to his friend Nahari 's murder .
" If the sentence had been appropriately strong , the Jews would have stayed quiet and dropped any plans to leave for Sanaa .
Most of us want to stay , but we are worried about our lives , " he said .
In the capital , the 18 families evacuated by the government from Saada in 2007 celebrated Passover .
In the apartment block assigned to them by the government , the boys were wearing suits so new they still showed the designer labels on the sleeves .
Girls with dark hair and eyes wore new white dresses .
The government , eager to show benevolence toward the uprooted Jews , let Yemeni reporters and TV crews record the celebrations .
Plainclothes security men listened to every word spoken by Yahya Youssef Moussa , the families ' rabbi .
Moussa , while the cameras are on , lavishly praised the president as a " loving father " and a leader .
" We are ready to sacrifice our lives for him , " he said .
Compared with the fighting they fled , " this is a place where we feel completely safe , " he said .
" We can never return . "
When the cameras were off , however , Moussa had grievances to air :
The government was n't giving the community money to rent stores and buy craftsmen 's tools ; the evacuees had n't been compensated for property they left behind in Saada ; they were crammed into six small apartments , sometimes 18 to an apartment .
Many want their young men to travel to the United States or Europe for study , but insist they should return after graduation .
Physical safety is their overriding concern .
" If we are ever to move from here , " the rabbi said , " we want homes with high walls and armed guards . "
OUAGADOUGOU
Amid high demand from victims of female genital mutilation and cutting ( FGM/C ) for clitoral reconstruction surgery available in Burkina Faso , the procedure remains unaffordable for most .
“ The demand is very high in Burkina Faso and from neighbouring countries , ” said Michel Akotionga , one of the first gynaecologists in Burkina Faso to perform the reconstructive surgery .
“ Last week two women from Côte d’Ivoire came for the clitoral surgery , ” he added .
Pioneered by the French urologist Pierre Foldes when he worked in Burkina Faso with victims of FGM/C , the surgery has been offered in Burkina Faso since 2006 .
Since 2001 975 women have had state - funded genital repair surgery , which did not include clitoral reconstruction , according to the National Commission against Excision ( CNLPE ) .
The general surgery entails repairing the vaginal opening to alleviate menstrual and urination pain but does not reconstruct the clitoris .
Reconstructing
During FGM / C the external tip of the clitoris is destroyed , leaving behind up to 10 centimetres of the embedded sexual organ .
In 2006 doctors in Burkina Faso started operating on the hidden part of the clitoris ; in 90 percent of the reconstruction procedures , women recover sexual sensation , said Akotionga .
Satisfaction with the surgery depends on why a woman wants it , said Ouagadougou - based surgeon Charlemagne Ouedraogo .
“ They [ FGM victims ] have lost something and feel incomplete at all levels . ”
For women who want the surgery as a form of justice for a human rights abuse , Akotionga said the surgery can offer relief .
But for those who seek sexual fulfilment the surgery can disappoint , he said .
“ Some 10 percent of the women do not recover sexual sensation because it is not always linked to FGM . ”
Ouedraogo added : “ Pleasure is relative because there are women who have not had the surgery who can still enjoy their sexuality .
But there are others who are so wounded psychologically and physically they may benefit from the surgery . ”
Since 2006 Akotionga said 150 women have had the surgery , which is offered in Burkina Faso ’s two largest cities , the capital Ouagadougou and Bobo - Dioulasso .
In public hospitals the procedure costs about US $ 140 whereas private clinics charge up to $ 400 .
Ouedraogo and Akotionga told IRIN the cost is still “ prohibitive ” for those in West Africa where the average annual salary was US $ 600 in 2007 , according to the UN Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) .
“ People think it is free , like a simple repair , but when they learn the cost they go back home , ” said Akotionga .
He said he has helped train 20 doctors to perform the 30 - minute operation but “ lack of equipment prevents them from [ performing ] the surgery . ”
Ouedraogo said were it not for the equipment problem , surgeons could reconstruct clitorises during genital repair operations .
“ We are right there before the clitoris – why not reconstruct it ? ”
... It is not a luxury but rather a reparation of justice ...
Félicité Médah , a member of non-profit Voices of Women said some women see clitoral reconstruction is a “ luxury ” because of its cost .
FGM /C victims are at risk for childbirth complications , crippling pain during urination or complete loss of sensation during intercourse , in addition to psychological distress .
Lifelong genital itching , scarring , cysts , infections , infertility and urinary disorders are common , for which women have sought relief through genital surgery that did not involve clitoral repair .
“ But if a woman has the money to go one step further and reconstruct her clitoris , it is not a luxury , but rather a reparation of an injustice , ” said Médah .
Jeanine Sawadogo , 25 , told IRIN she has been unable to have sex since her clitoris was cut when she was 12 years old .
“ I live with my frustration .
No man will stay with me because I cannot have sexual relations .
” She told IRIN she has not been able to get an appointment with the often overbooked Akotionga – despite repeated attempts .
bo/pt/np
MUSIC NEWS - For nearly 20 years , THE FLAMING LIPS has remained one of the world 's most influential experimental creative forces in rock music .
Their new releases have been welcomed with anticipation and embraced by critics and their loyal , ever - growing / evolving fan mass alike .
So , it 's with great pleasure that The Flaming Lips announced their brand new double - album entitled , EMBRYONIC , ( releasing later this year , actual date tbd ) .
The new album will mark their first full studio set in three years following their Grammy Award - winning AT WAR WITH THE MYSTICS ( buy a copy thru MNN below ) .
EMBRYONIC , THE LIPS ' 12th album , was recorded in Fredonia , NY and Oklahoma City , OK , with studio whiz and general co-conspirator Dave Fridmann and just may be their most sonically adventurous and compositionally vernal form of musical expression ever .
They 've also confirmed their Summer 2009 US tour dates !
And , THE LIPS are so appreciative of their die - hard touring fan base that they 're giving them a sneak peek at the new album .
With every concert ticket bought online , fans will receive a digital EP allowing them to hear new LIPS music before anyone else .
The EP will be comprised of three brand new recordings from EMBRYONIC : " Convinced Of The Hex , " " The Impulse , " and " Silver Trembling Hands , " followed by three additional rare B - side tracks selected by the band themselves .
That same ticket buyer will also receive an official live LIPS ' digital download bootleg of the show they attend .
You wonder how they 'll do it ?
Well , each fan who buys a ticket will receive a special code that allows them to get their music from THE FLAMING LIPS website : FlamingLips.com .
Supporting on all dates is their Oklahoma City brethren , STARDEATH AND WHITE DWARFS .
Their album debut , THE BIRTH , ( buy a copy below thru MNN ) is available and frying minds now .
Check out : StarDeathandWhiteDwarfs.com for more goodness .
See the tour itinerary below ,
UPDATE 8/13/09 -
We now proudly have the cover art for the new
EMBRYONIC album -
Your thoughts ?
M
y good friend says she 's got a neighbor that , now since it 's gotten hot outside , comes outside to do mundane things in a two - piece bikini .
She 's evidently not working , or works part - time because she 's seemingly always home during the hot day .
She 'll routinely come outside to water the lawn , get the mail and do other small things outside in her two - piece .
The attention she 's gotten from the neighbors has been everything from reservedly polite to gasps and gawking , but she 's resilient .
Bikini - trotting :
Is it a good thing , or bad ?
A Catholic church in Malaysia which prays to Allah has prompted a court case over who can use the word .
Muslim leaders say Islam should be the only faith to use it , saying its use in other faiths could lead to confusion and conversions .
Robin Brant reports from Kuala Lumpur .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 22nd , 2009
WOW !
It ’s Ripley ’s Believe It Or Not on Cryptogon this morning .
This is the best news I ’ve posted in …
Well , I ’d pretty much forgotten about good news .
It ’s not all good ( as you ’ll read if you click through ) , but when the driving doom of Cryptogon lets up , even a little , it feels significant .
Of course , the Gestapo can still have its way with you in airports , steal you laptop , copy all the data , etc. , and this is what happened to a pastor who tried out his knowledge of the Constitution at a border control checkpoint INSIDE the U.S .
Woops , I did n’t mean to ruin the happy - glow … I ’ll stop now .
Via : New York Times :
The Supreme Court on Tuesday significantly cut back the ability of the police to search the cars of people they arrest .
Police officers have for a generation understood themselves to be free to search vehicles based on nothing more than the fact that they had just arrested an occupant .
That principle , Justice John Paul Stevens acknowledged in his majority opinion , “ has been widely taught in police academies ” and “ law enforcement officers have relied on the rule in conducting vehicle searches during the past 28 years . ”
The majority replaced that bright - line rule with a more nuanced one , and law enforcement officials greeted it with dismay .
“ It ’s just terrible , ” William J. Johnson , the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations , said of the decision .
“ It ’s certainly going to result in less drug and weapons cases being made . ”
In a dissent , four justices said the majority had effectively overruled an important and straightforward Fourth Amendment precedent established by the court in a 1981 decision , New York v. Belton .
Justice Stevens denied that .
The precedent of Belton had often been applied too broadly , he said .
Vehicle searches should be allowed only in two situations , he wrote : when the person being arrested is close enough to the car to reach in , possibly to grab a weapon or tamper with evidence ; or when the arresting officer reasonably believes that the car contains evidence pertinent to the very crime that prompted the arrest .
…
Though Justice Stevens did not concede that Tuesday ’s decision overruled Belton , he did say that fidelity to precedent was no reason to allow constitutional violations to continue .
“ Countless individuals guilty of nothing more serious that a traffic violation , ” he wrote , “ have had their constitutional right to the security of their private effects violated ” by the broad rule struck down on Tuesday .
There was lots of good discussion last time about cyber warfare , cyber security , and U.S. policy , but what most respondents seemed to miss was the international nature of the IT business — all the outsourcing and offshoring that we were told was so great — and its implications for U.S. security .
The upshot is that any U.S. cyber warfare czar will have to effectively function as a WORLD cyber warfare czar , a fact that neither Republican nor Democratic Administrations have yet been willing to embrace , at least in public .
Forget for the moment about data incursions within the DC beltway , what happens when Pakistan takes down the Internet in India ?
Here we have technologically sophisticated regional rivals who have gone to war periodically for six decades .
There will be more wars between these two .
And to think that Pakistan or India are incapable or unlikely to take such action against the Internet is simply naive .
The next time these two nations fight YOU KNOW there will be a cyber component to that war .
And with what effect on the U.S. ?
It will go far beyond nuking customer support for nearly every bank and PC company , though that ’s sure to happen .
A strategic component of any such attack would be to hobble tech services in both economies by destroying source code repositories .
And an interesting aspect of destroying such repositories — in Third World countries OR in the U.S. — is that the logical bet is to destroy them all without regard to what they contain , which for the most part negates any effort to obscure those contents .
You can have 1000 safe deposit boxes with only three holding anything of real value , but that obfuscation is meaningless if the target is ALL safety deposit boxes .
To this point cyber security conferences tend to concentrate on intelligence ( probing attacks to learn about a potential enemy , gather information and map defenses ) and tactical deployment ( using that intelligence information to blind , disable , or defend some network resources in what ’s usually perceived as an encounter lasting hours ) .
There is little to no regard for strategic use of cyber warfare as in the India - Pakistan example or the nuking of source code libraries .
We do n’t talk about it because it is too horrific , not because it ca n’t happen .
The result , of course , is that any major power has to be concerned about the cyber security of all its technology partners , which over the last decade has come to include a lot of Third World nations .
Try to do a security audit of Argentina or Bangladesh and see what nightmare is unveiled .
Yet this is exactly where major international companies are deploying more and more technical resources .
The military answer of course is to isolate network traffic , as many readers have suggested .
But how do you enforce that in other countries ?
And how effective is it at all against a strategic attack on essentially commercial resources ?
Not very .
This is not a battle but a war and wars take a long time to prepare for and wage .
As readers have pointed out we ’re not just concerned with malware and viruses but even hardware - based attacks .
Who knows if that flash memory from Malaysia or that router card from Taiwan is compromised ?
Who CAN know ?
And if you ’ve found one hardware exploit in a product does that mean you ’ve found all that are there ?
Hardly .
One point of view is that this makes both old tech and traditional firepower more valuable .
Analog systems , for example , are unlikely to be compromised by digital exploits .
And 2000 - pound bombs are a pretty darned effective response to a cyber attack IF you can clearly identify the attacker and figure out where to drop the bombs .
Both effects tend to neutralize the effect of advanced systems , making Syria a more effective opponent against Israel , AND push superpowers toward brandishing their biggest guns — nuclear weapons .
So cyber warfare is internationally destabilizing in whole new ways with the world being dramatically less safe as a result .
This works mainly to the advantage of the bad guys .
Then there ’s the Code God Effect — the potential strategic impact of a single programmer with commanding skills .
That very guy or gal who typically is the creative heart of an entire company ( but they never admit it ) because he is the equivalent of 100 average coders can be the secret weapon in a cyber war , too .
And the distribution of such megabrains is random enough that to say one or more are n’t working right now in North Korea would be a bad bet — one that a nation like the United States would be unwise to make .
We see the Code God Effect happening right now with publicized Chinese Internet incursions and those are just amateurs : the real damage is being done by much more skillful players we have yet to even detect .
What this means for any major power is that they are n’t as powerful as they think they are and that power is even less across borders .
There is n’t a U.S. agency I know of — ANY agency — that is prepared to win such a war against a clever and determined opponent of almost any size .
If the game is U.S. versus Albania , who wins ?
I do n’t know .
We need new tools and new weapons .
We need to find ways of changing the battlefield to negate opponents ( this is HUGE ) , not just shooting back .
We need leadership that understands this .
Maybe President Obama understands it , maybe not .
He has n’t demonstrated yet that he does , at least not to me .
Let ’s hope that ’s just part of an incredibly clever master plan .
Yeah , right .
Saudi daily ' Al - Watan ' is reporting that over the past several weeks Iran 's Revolutionary Guard has deployed several mobile surface - to - air and anti-ship missile batteries in the Strait of Hormuz and other areas in the Persian Gulf .
The paper attributed to the information to a high - ranking Iranian official .
The source added that the decision to deploy the missile batteries was made following reports that the United States and Israel are preparing to attack Iran 's nuclear facilities .
( Roee Nahmias )
Text size
Could the next hit product from Apple ( AAPL ) be the new version of the Mac Mini ?
In a research note this morning , Kaufman Brothers analyst Shaw Wu writes that the new version of the Mini " could be a sleeper hit . "
Wu report hearing " surprise positive feedback " on the Mini from distribution partners and customers .
He writes that the decision to use Nvidia ( NVDA ) chipsets , providing improved graphics performance , " is being warmly received . "
Wu says he would have liked to see a lower price point , but that others note you now get more for your $ 599 , including a large hard drive , a SuperDrive DVD burner and those faster graphics .
" To us , the new Mac Mini is like a Mini Cooper , a premium small form factor product but with decent horsepower .
We believe the Mac Mini could turn out to be a surprise dark horse hit . "
A group of Anglophone musicians has been banned from playing at a St. Jean Baptiste celebration .
The band , called " Lake of Stew " , is made up of three brothers from the Mile End .
They play folksy , bluegrass music - and they sing exclusively in English .
A few weeks ago , they were invited to perform at the first edition of a St. Jean Baptiste celebration called " L'Autre St - Jean " .
" It 's kind of a more inclusive alternative to the other St. Jean fete that usually happens , " said Richard Rigby .
But the group recently found out they were no longer welcome to perform at the celebration on June 23 .
Organizers told them one of the sponsors threatened to pull out of the event , fearing the crowd would turn violent if English bands were allowed to play .
Rigby told CTV Montreal 's Daniele Hamamdjian that he and his brothers were blindsided by the news .
" Here we are thinking , ' Wow , the consciousness and the attitude of the Quebecois people is finally becoming more inclusive ! '
And then this ! "
The Rigby brothers said they take great pride in Quebec , even though they are not Francophone .
" I love the place .
It 's my home , it 's where I grew up , " said Mike Rigby .
Mixed opinions
Out on the streets , Montrealers offered mixed opinions on whether English bands should be able to perform at events in celebration of Quebec 's national holiday .
" I 'd be more for including only French bands for the national holiday , absolutely , " said one man .
" Music is music , " said another .
" There should n't be any difference between French or English .
by Andy Worthington
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
www.andyworthington.co.uk
20 May 2009
As the Obama administration prepares to relaunch Dick Cheney and David Addington ’s reviled Military Commissions ( with claims that they will be used for less than 20 of the 240 prisoners still held ) , senior officials have been largely silent about the eventual fate of the rest of the prison ’s population , with the exception of a few recent remarks indicating that they are also thinking of pressing for a form of “ preventive detention ” for 50 to 100 of the prisoners .
The irony — that all the prisoners have been enduring a form of “ preventive detention ” for over seven years — is apparently lost on the government , which has also maintained a resolute silence in response to a handful of habeas corpus cases ( in which the prisoners are seeking to have their cases dismissed by the courts , as mandated by the Supreme Court last June ) that have resulted in judges pouring scorn on the government ’s supposed evidence .
In an article last week , “ Judge Condemns ‘ Mosaic ’ Of Guantánamo Intelligence , And Unreliable Witnesses , ” I analyzed a devastating ruling by District Court Judge Gladys Kessler in the habeas corpus hearing of Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed .
A Yemeni , Ali Ahmed has always maintained that he was a student , staying in a guest house in Faisalabad , Pakistan , and that , when he was seized in a raid on the house , on March 28 , 2002 , he had no knowledge that the house was , apparently , tangentially connected to the alleged senior al - Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah .
Furthermore , in response to the government ’s other allegations , he has also “ denie[d ] ever going to Afghanistan , training at an al - Qaeda camp , fighting against anyone , or being a member of a terrorist group . ”
Authorizing Ali Ahmed ’s habeas claim , Judge Kessler demolished the government ’s case against him , painting a disturbing picture of unreliable allegations made by other prisoners who were tortured , coerced , bribed or suffering from mental health issues , and a “ mosaic ” of intelligence , purporting to rise to the level of evidence , which actually relied , to an intolerable degree , on second - or third - hand hearsay , guilt by association and unsupportable suppositions .
This follow - up article looks in depth at Ali Ahmed ’s story , and those of the 15 men seized with him in the “ Issa ” guest house in Faisalabad , with the aim of encouraging the Justice Department to abandon its cases against these other men , either as part of its secretive Executive review of the prisoners in Guantánamo ( with its uncomfortable echoes of the Bush administration ’s love of Executive decisions made without consulting Congress or the judiciary ) or by refusing to contest their habeas cases in the District Courts .
I propose this course of action because the cases against these other men demonstrate a similar reliance on dubious allegations , and a similar “ mosaic ” of inferences that will not stand up to outside scrutiny , as was noted by Judge Kessler in her ruling , when she wrote , “ It is likely , based on evidence in the record , that at least a majority of the [ redacted ] guests were indeed students , living at a guest house that was located close to a university . ”
Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed ’s testimony at Guantánamo
Ali Ahmed , who was just 17 years old at the time of his capture ( although the Pentagon claims that he was 18 ) , repeatedly explained at Guantánamo that he was seized and held by mistake .
His statements were made in his Combatant Status Review Tribunal , convened to assess whether , on capture , he had been correctly designated as an “ enemy combatant ” who could be held without charge or trial , and in the subsequent annual Administrative Review Boards , convened to assess whether he still posed a threat to the US or its allies .
As I have explained at length in my book The Guantánamo Files , and in numerous articles over the last two years , these hearings were monstrously unjust , as they relied on classified evidence that was not disclosed to the prisoners , and also prevented them from having legal representation .
In addition , as Lt. Col. Stephen Abraham , a veteran of US intelligence , has explained , based on his involvement in the tribunals in 2004 and 2005 , the body responsible for compiling the information to be used as evidence had little or no access to the databases of the relevant intelligence agencies , and , as a result , relied largely on “ generic ” information that did not specifically relate to the prisoners , and , in most cases , on “ information obtained during interrogations of other detainees , ” which , as Judge Kessler ’s recent ruling confirms , were often made by prisoners who were tortured , coerced , bribed or suffering from mental health issues .
Nevertheless , the transcripts of these hearings are often the only means by which we know anything about the prisoners at Guantánamo , and in his most recent publicly available review ( made available by the Pentagon four months ago , and dating from 2007 ) , Ali Ahmed made it clear that , after five years in Guantánamo , he was still struggling to understand why he was being held , as the following exchange makes clear :
Presiding Officer : Can you tell us why you were arrested ?
Detainee : I learned about why after I was arrested .
They told me that this house is for the al - Qaeda and the Taliban …
They told us after we were arrested in the house and in the interrogations .
Presiding Officer :
Do you have any idea why they would think that ?
Detainee : I do not know .
After refuting the allegations against him , it was unsurprising that , when Ali Ahmed was given the opportunity to make a statement , he delivered the following plea :
Detainee :
What is the main accusation against me that kept me here for five years ?
What is the main accusation ?
Is it my travel to Pakistan ?
Is that an accusation ?
True , I went during a very difficult situation , but is that an accusation that would keep me here for five years ?
The following exchange then took place :
Presiding Officer :
The purpose of this board is for an administrative review .
To determine whether you should be released , transferred , or continue to be detained .
Your status as an enemy combatant has already been determined .
Detainee : I do n’t even know why they made that decision when I do n’t have a problem with Americans .
I ’ve never fought Americans , I ’ve never fought anybody .
I ’ve never ever participated in any wars , any , anything else .
Why would I be an enemy combatant ?
Presiding Officer :
We understand and take your statements on board and will consider those in our decision .
Detainee : I know an enemy combatant is someone who participates in the war and helps the war , or someone who is a threat and dangerous to the United States , but I was 17 years old , I ’ve never done anything .
[ W ] hat makes me dangerous to the United States at that time ?
Although the review board had no response to Ahmed ’s questions , the officers involved refused to approve his release from Guantánamo , and it has taken another two years , and the Supreme Court ruling granting habeas corpus rights to the prisoners last June , for him to be able to test the government ’s allegations against him in a court of law , and to secure the resounding legal victory that was delivered by Judge Kessler last week .
Even so , it should be noted that judges do not actually have the power to order the government to release prisoners , even if , as in Ali Ahmed ’s case , they have established , “ by a preponderance of the evidence , ” that he should never have been detained in the first place .
This is because of a truly disturbing appeals court ruling in the case of 17 Uighurs at Guantánamo ( Muslims from China ’s Xinjiang province ) , which took place in February , after the government dropped its claims that they were “ enemy combatants , ” and a District Court judge ordered their release into the United States last October .
As lawyer Jana Ramsay explained , two judges — although ostensibly dealing with the right of the Uighurs to be admitted into the United States — stated that “ the due process clause does not apply to detainees at Guantánamo , ” because it is “ not sovereign territory of the United States , ” and that “ the right to be released ” was not “ a necessary corollary to unlawful detention or compensation for such detention . ”
The stories of the other prisoners seized with Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed
Moving beyond Ali Ahmed ’s story , an analysis of the stories of the 15 other men seized in the raid on the “ Issa ” guest house — mostly Yemenis , and mostly aged between 18 and 24 — reveals that the majority of them have also maintained , throughout their long imprisonment , that they never set foot in Afghanistan , never trained or fought with al - Qaeda or the Taliban , and had no connection whatsoever with terrorism .
This analysis also reveals that the government ’s allegations against them rely , for the most part , on similar witnesses and a similar “ mosaic ” of intelligence as those dismissed so comprehensively by Judge Kessler in Ali Ahmed ’s case .
Although one of the 15 , Ali Abdullah Ahmed al - Salami , was one of three prisoners who died in Guantánamo in June 2006 , apparently by committing suicide , nine of the surviving 14 prisoners have maintained that they were students at Salafia University , run by the vast missionary organization Jamaat - al - Tablighi , two have stated that they traveled to receive medical treatment , and another , Fahmi Ahmed , said that he went to Pakistan to buy fabrics , taking money that he had borrowed from his mother , but explained that he actually spent most of his time “ like a wild man , ” drinking and smoking hashish .
Another young man , Mohammed Hassen , was not even living at the house , and was caught up in the raid after visiting for dinner and staying the night , and two others — a Russian and a Yemeni — arrived at the house just two weeks before the raid .
In hearings at Guantánamo , several of the men have pointed out that they were told shortly after their capture that they had been seized by mistake .
Mohammed Tahir , one of the Yemeni students , explained ,
The army translator and the interrogator from the Pakistani intelligence said , “ yes , all of what this man said … about his story in Pakistan is correct , and therefore that is why we are going to give him back his passport that we took ” …
I was really surprised that the American intelligence refused all of these proofs and they said no .
“ We still need him , ” they said , and then they took me .
Another Yemeni student , Emad Hassan , who stated that he was near the end of a seven - month trip to the university to study the Koran when he was seized , said that , while in Pakistani custody , “ the person who was in charge came and told us we did n’t have anything to worry about , ” and that “ our sheet was clean . ”
Fayad Ahmed , also a Yemeni student , told his tribunal four years ago that he had recently been told in Guantánamo that he would be released .
“ The interrogator and the investigator about a month ago that met with me told [ me ] that there was nothing against me and that I am an innocent man and should [ be ] released , ” he said .
Of the two prisoners who said that they had traveled to Pakistan to receive medical treatment , Abdul Aziz al - Noofayee , a Saudi , said that he went to receive treatment for a back problem , and Mohammed Salam , a Yemeni , said that he went for treatment on his nose .
After explaining that a “ generous person ” paid for his trip , the following exchange took place , which demonstrated a cultural gap between the US military and Muslims from the Gulf :
Tribunal Member : I do n’t know your culture very well , but … in our culture people just do n’t step up and say , “ I ’ll pay for the trip for you . ”
Detainee :
In our culture , in Islam , there is such a thing … Indeed , it is an obligation for any Muslim who is rich to pay for someone who is poor .
Despite the protestations of these prisoners , the authorities at Guantánamo have persistently claimed that Jamaat - al - Tablighi was “ used to mask travel and activities of terrorists ” — even though this allegation has never been regarded as legitimate outside Guantánamo — but what should be troubling the Justice Department right now , after Judge Kessler ’s ruling , is the extent to which the cases against these other 15 men rely , as with Ali Ahmed , not on confessions made by the prisoners themselves , but on statements made by other prisoners which appear to be just as dubious as those derided by Judge Kessler .
The weakness of the supposed evidence
To give just a few examples , the transcripts of the most recently publicly available ARBs ( from 2007 ) include the sweeping statement that “ Students at Salafia University are encouraged to fight in the Jihad against the West , ” and , to cite just one case , Emad Hassan , who denied ever being in Afghanistan or attending a training camp , “ was identified as an al - Qaeda recruiter and travel facilitator who helps ‘ fund other individuals ’ travel ’ to Afghanistan , ” as “ a member of al - Qaeda who swore bayat [ an oath of loyalty ] to Osama bin Laden , ” and as “ one of 50 men ” at the al - Farouq training camp in Afghanistan , who were identified as bin Laden ’s bodyguards .
In the case of Mohammed Hassen , who was only visiting the house when he was seized ( and who is one of only two of the “ Issa ” guest house prisoners to be cleared for release after a military review ) , the allegations in the previous round of ARBs consisted of precisely three allegations : that “ An individual who was in Afghanistan identified [ him ] as a fighter who traveled between Kandahar and Khost , Afghanistan , ” that “ A student who trained at al - Farouq identified [ him ] as a Yemeni who trained at al - Farouq , ” and that “ A senior al - Qaeda operative noted that a photo of the detainee may be a Yemeni and that he may have seen him at one point ‘ inside , ’ meaning Afghanistan . ”
In the case of Abdul Aziz al - Noofayee ( also cleared for release after an ARB , but , like Hassen , still held ) , the only allegations were that “ A senior al - Qaeda operative stated that [ he ] attended the Khaldan camp in approximately 1997 , ” and that he “ was captured with a Casio F - 91W watch , ” allegedly “ used in bombings that have been linked to al - Qaeda and radical Islamic groups with improvised explosive devices ” ( and this , believe it or not , is an allegation that has been leveled at dozens of prisoners over the years ) .
In some of the other cases , no allegations whatsoever have been made publicly available beyond the “ guilt by association ” of staying in the guest house , and although in a handful of cases the government claims to have secured confessions that the men “ admitted to fighting with enemy forces , ” doubts about the circumstances in which these confessions were produced indicate that , under scrutiny in a court , even these allegations may be less clear - cut than they appear .
As a result , I hope to have demonstrated , as I stated at the start of this article , that the Justice Department would be well advised to abandon its cases against these other men before it suffers similar defeats in future habeas hearings .
The bigger picture regarding false allegations
Moreover , the Justice Department also needs to take a long , hard look at the information it is relying on as evidence in numerous other cases .
With one exception , the identities of the four unreliable witnesses in Ali Ahmed ’s case were redacted by the government , but enough evidence is publicly available , from the statements of released prisoners , to demonstrate that the coercive techniques that were widely used at Guantánamo between 2002 and 2004 ( and derived from the US military ’s SERE program ) caused numerous prisoners to make false confessions in order to bring an end to their suffering .
In addition , further publicly available information also demonstrates that certain witnesses at Guantánamo — whether through torture - induced fear , in one case , or bribery , in others — made false allegations against dozens of their fellow prisoners , which , crucially , are still used by the government as part of its supposed evidence .
The first example to surface in public — who appears to be one of the men whose testimony was dismissed by Judge Kessler , and by another judge in the case of another prisoner , Mohammed El - Gharani — was described by Corine Hegland in February 2006 , in an article for the National Journal .
Hegland described how , in the tribunal of a Yemeni prisoner , Farouq Ali Ahmed , his personal representative ( an officer assigned in place of a lawyer ) had discovered , by investigating his case files , that a key allegation against him had been made by a prisoner described in an FBI memo as a notorious liar .
In another case , of a Syrian prisoner , Mohammed al - Tumani , the personal representative discovered that this same prisoner had made false allegations against 60 of his fellow inmates , placing each of them in Afghanistan before they even arrived in the country .
The prisoner who made all these false allegations is Yasim Basardah , who was cleared for release after a habeas review six weeks ago .
Profiled in the Washington Post in February , a disturbing picture emerged of a man who , “ with other informers , ” lives in a group of cells away from the other prisoners .
As the Post described it , “ he has received a CD player , chewing tobacco , coffee , library books and other perks , according to court documents , ” including a video game console , even though the man described by some officials at Guantánamo as their “ star witness ” has , in the opinion of other officials , been the subject of “ reservations about [ his ] credibility ” since 2004 .
As the Post ’s article made clear , Basardah is not the only liar whose false confessions have infected the government ’s “ evidence . ”
An Iraqi , repatriated in January , was also well - known in Guantánamo , as is Abdul Rahim al - Ginco , a Syrian “ rescued ” by US forces from a Taliban jail .
Tortured by al - Qaeda operatives , because they thought he was a spy , al - Ginco suffers from severe mental health problems ( and may also be one of the witnesses dismissed by Judge Kessler ) , but although he has renounced some of his false confessions , others remain , locked forever in the case files of the prisoners , with no way of challenging them except in a court .
Most importantly , however , false allegations are not the exclusive preserve of a handful of industrious informants .
As I mentioned above , almost any prisoner could be persuaded to make up false stories when they could no longer bear the grueling interrogations , or the use of “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” to wear them down , and , as the few examples of the Faisalabad guest house prisoners cited above also indicate , the case files are also littered with allegations made by “ senior al - Qaeda operatives ” — individuals like Abu Zubaydah , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and the other “ high - value detainees ” who were held ( and tortured ) for years in secret CIA prisons before their transfer to Guantánamo in September 2006 , and others , like Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , who died in a Libyan prison last week , who were held in a network of secret prisons and proxy prisons around the world .
In all these prisons — and in Guantánamo , and in the prisons in Afghanistan — prisoners were shown what Chris Mackey , the pseudonym of a senior interrogator in Afghanistan , referred to in his book The Interrogators as the “ family album , ” which featured photos of other prisoners .
And from all these places , therefore , it is difficult to see how much of the “ evidence ” against the prisoners can be anything other than a tissue of lies , extracted using the same techniques of torture , coercion , bribery , and the exploitation of mental illness that Judge Kessler identified in the case of Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and see here for my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
Visit his website at : www.andyworthington.co.uk.
see
Obama Returns To Bush Era On Guantánamo by Andy Worthington
Judge Condemns “ Mosaic ” Of Guantánamo Intelligence , And Unreliable Witnesses by Andy Worthington
Who Authorized The Torture of Abu Zubaydah ? by Andy WorthingtoWho Authorized The Torture of Abu Zubaydah ? by Andy Worthington
According to legend when Queen Elizabeth I was told of her accession to the throne , she fell to her knees and quoted Psalm 118 : " This is the Lord 's doing : it is marvellous in our eyes . "
To the shock of virtually everyone the British voter has told Brussels and the whole blasted edifice of the Eurocratic state to go stuff themselves .
I am beside myself with delighted shock .
My schedule of late has made regular blogging very difficult for me .
Yet this is one of those moments where I simply had to say something .
This is History with a big capital " H. "
This is politics with an grand and elongated " P " dominating the surrounding text .
This is not simply athwart history yelling stop , this is actually stopping history and telling the teleologists of European Federalism to go take an extended walk off a very short pier .
It has been the opinion of this site - since what seems like time immemorial - that Charles de Gaulle was correct on two points : Opposing the Nazis and opposing Britain 's entry into what was then called the Common Market .
In blocking Britain 's initial application in 1963 he famously observed that Britain does not think or act like a continental nation .
To which we say in a rousing response : Thank Goodness !
While the instinct of good Anglophiles through out the world is to sing Rule Britannia and There Will Always Be An England , it is at moments like these that caution must be exercised .
The EU is much like a street gang , albeit with somewhat better sartorial tastes .
It 's easy enough to join the Brussels Bloods or the Strasbourg Crips , it 's somewhat harder to leave .
The European Union rules not through brute force - only two of its members , now down to one , has any credible military power .
Nor does the EU rule through popular consent .
Instead it rules through bureaucratic entanglement .
At this moment the continental Sir Humphreys are plotting to keep Britain in " Europe . "
They will point to the close margin .
They will point to the complexity of the exit negotiations .
They will point to Britain 's shaky economy .
For the moment they will point to the crashes in international markets as proof that Brexit is a disaster .
It 's all rubbish and those responsible patriots within the British state must keep pushing forward .
The referendum is not the beginning of the end , it is only the end of the beginning .
The Eurocrats will fight well polished tooth and manicured nail to prevent British independence .
They understand - perhaps more clearly than most Britons today - that the United Kingdom remains the arbiter of Europe .
So long as Britain is free , Europe might be free .
Those who have sought to build a single European superstate - the Bourbons , Napoleon , Kaiser Wilhelm II , Hitler , Stalin - understood that this strange fog bound island off the coast of France is not merely Airstrip One .
It is a nation that invented punching above its weight and overcoming absurd odds .
Doing impossible and mildly eccentric things is the British way .
Merciful a small majority of the British electorate still understands that .
My suspicion is that many of the 48.1 % who voted Remain did so out of fear .
The fear that modern Britain is too weak to stand on its own .
I doubt very much that any significant portion of the electorate - outside the international business class and the Guardian wielding intelligentsia - thinks of itself as " European . "
They look upon the EU as a clumsy though basically utilitarian machine to facilitate travel and trade .
When it is demonstrated that Britain does not need the EU , it will be the death knell of the European project .
It is possible that - if only out of desperation - the Eurocracy may perform a volte face and create a genuine single market , that the whole of the EU might be turned into a free marketing free trade zone from Lisbon to Latvia .
In that we would rejoice .
The odds however are very slim .
The continental European is too addicted to statism and collectivism to accept the rigours of liberty .
Given a choice between the benefits of market capitalism and the illusions of welfare statism they will choose the latter every time .
The British are hardly immune from these temptations , though they at least show persistent signs of penitence .
Any other country would have voted James Callaghan back into office in 1979 .
Any other country would have turfed the Tories in 2015 in favour of the blandishments of Milibanian Labourism .
The British muddle through , mostly in the right direction .
In a fallen world that makes them an inspiration .
I would like to take this opportunity to give a personal thanks to David Cameron .
He has never been my favourite politician .
I have nothing against an Old Etonian - quite the contrary - but an Old Etonian who pretends he does n't know any Latin is far too much .
Much of his career has been a series of fragile pretensions around the questions of class and ideology .
A pseudo - Thatcherite who attempts very clumsily to project a matey charm .
Considering the moral corruptions of the Blairite years these are comparatively petty complaints .
He is almost wholesome in the light of his immediate Labour predecessors .
Beside John Major he doth bestride the world like a Colossus .
It is only next to That Woman that he seems like a little boy in short pants .
Yet all that said and said again he has kept his promise .
There has been a referendum , the side he campaigned for vigorously lost by a small but clear margin and this morning he did the honourable thing and resigned after only six years in Downing Street .
Can you imagine Barack Obama , Justin Trudeau or Gordon Brown doing the same thing ?
Not the smallest chance .
Credit where it 's due .
He 'll almost certainly be made a peer after a discreet interval .
May he continue to serve his country in the House of Lords with distinction .
The question now turns automatically to succession .
Just as this referendum was no ordinary vote , so his successor can be no ordinary man .
Boris Johnson and Michael Gove are the most commonly touted names .
We shall see what shakes out during the Tory leadership campaign that will dominate political headlines until October .
What is clear is that the next Prime Minister must push through with Brexit at full speed .
While the million niggling details may take years to sort out , the big stuff is easy enough .
Parliament should immediately pass a kind of declaratory act asserting its supremacy and that of British law over and above any European laws or regulations .
Any EU laws that remain on the books do so temporarily and at the grace and favour of Parliament .
This places any further negotiations in a clear and stark light :
We 're in charge of this process and we 're leaving no matter what .
Once this is done a set time table must be established .
If negotiations fail with Brussels on a particular point , Parliament will then be free to act unilaterally .
A parallel set of laws and institutions must be quickly established and made ready to replace any useful and necessary functions that have - since 1973 - been outsourced to the EU .
Momentum is absolutely vital .
Any hesitation over the next few months would spell the end of Brexit .
Be joyful my friends .
But be wary and strong as well .
GOP lawmakers in those states , as well as Texas Republican Gov. Rick Perry , have been talking up the idea of secession .
States say to feds :
Get off our turf
The wave of government bailouts and the Obama administration ’s economic stimulus package are reviving interest in an issue that ’s largely been dormant since the mid-1990s : states ’ rights .
From Idaho to South Carolina and in dozens of other states , Republicans are sponsoring resolutions designed to call attention to what they view as a worrisome expansion of the federal government at the expense of the states .
Advertisement
“ What we have is a federal government that is exceeding its authority and blackmailing the states into submission through printed dollars , ” said Pennsylvania Republican state Rep. Sam Rohrer .
“ We are trying to say to the federal government , ‘ You have a role , but your role stops not too far outside Washington , D.C. ’ ”
Rohrer has been shepherding a bill that declares sovereignty for Pennsylvania “ under the 10th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States over all powers not otherwise enumerated and granted to the federal government by the Constitution of the United States . ”
He said he was particularly concerned that the federal stimulus package would lead states to become dependent on the federal government .
“ This administration has the ability to stick it in the eye of the states and to really pointedly attempt to undo everything that ’s been in place , ” Rohrer said .
“ They want to throw Reaganomics out ; they want to step in and tell companies what they can or ca n’t do . ”
Rohrer is not alone in his efforts .
In North Dakota , the state House and Senate approved a bill in April telling the government to “ halt its practice of assuming powers and imposing mandates on the states for purposes not enumerated in the Constitution of the United States . ”
A similar resolution in Tennessee said : “ Today , in 2009 , the states are demonstrably treated as agents of the federal government . ”
That bill recently passed the state ’s Republican - controlled House by a vote of 85 - 2 .
Texas and Georgia have taken the state sovereignty issue one step further .
GOP lawmakers in those states , as well as Texas Republican Gov. Rick Perry , have been talking up the idea of secession .
The Georgia state Senate recently passed a resolution raising the possibility of secession , and several of the state ’s Republican gubernatorial candidates supported it .
In Texas , after an anti-tax “ tea party ” in April , Perry appeared to put the possibility of secession on the table .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
“ We ’ve got a great union , ” Perry told reporters .
“ There ’s absolutely no reason to dissolve it .
But if Washington continues to thumb their nose at the American people , you know , who knows what might come out of that . ”
Following up on Perry ’s much - publicized remark , a Rasmussen poll of Texas voters found that 18 percent said they would vote to secede from the United States and form an independent country , compared with 76 percent who said they would vote for Texas to remain in the United States .
The mantle of states ’ rights has been taken up almost exclusively by Republicans , who find themselves completely shut out of control of the federal , legislative and executive branches for the first time since 1994 .
Back then , concerned that the Clinton administration was ushering in a new era of expanded government and encroaching on civil liberties , Republicans seized on 10th Amendment - related federalism issues and pursued the cause briefly after winning control of the House and Senate in the 1994 elections .
But after winning control of Congress and then the presidency in 2000 , the GOP showed little appetite for handing power back to the states once they had consolidated it in Washington .
Charles Key , an Oklahoma state legislator who led the fight to pass a state sovereignty resolution in 1994 , has been trying to get a similar bill passed this year .
He acknowledged that even before President Barack Obama swept into the White House , the ballooning of government programs and spending under President George W. Bush was a major concern .
“ The federal government treats us as if they are superior to the people in the states , and actually just the opposite is the case , ” Key said .
“ The Constitution either means what it says or it really does n’t mean anything at all . ”
Key ’s resolution won approval in both chambers but was vetoed in April by Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry , a Democrat .
Another sovereignty resolution he sponsored , which does not need the governor ’s approval , recently passed the state House and Senate .
Mike Boldin , founder of the Tenth Amendment Center , a website that tracks sovereignty legislation , said at least three dozen states have considered states ’ rights measures since 2007 .
Boldin said he hatched the idea for the center during the Bush administration , and he sees proponents of states ’ rights — from supporters of gay marriage in Maine to advocates for less restrictive gun laws in Montana — as united by a common belief in the principles of the 10th Amendment .
“ All across the board , we ’re seeing that people can be totally opposite in their political beliefs , but they are allies , ” Boldin said .
Brian Darling , the director of Senate relations at the conservative Heritage Foundation , agreed that states ’ rights should be a nonpartisan issue but said that the Obama administration had provoked the ire of Republicans .
“ It ’s an issue where many people just have natural distrust of the federal government , ” Darling said .
“ The actions of President Obama have really inflamed many of the concerns that people have about government being too big . ”
Darling said the comments of politicians such as Perry in Texas serve an important purpose : to put the issue of whether the federal government is overreaching in front of the American people .
Mark McKinnon , a Republican strategist , suggested that the states ’ rights issue could become “ an increasingly powerful political hot button , ” especially if the Obama administration continues to expand its control over government and the private sector .
“ Rick Perry is already punching the button , ” McKinnon said .
“ It ’s clear that people who care about these issues — while perhaps not a majority yet — are passionate and noisy , which means they can be a potent political force . ”
Police and the MI5 spy agency likely missed chances to identify the key men behind the 2005 London bombings , but could have done little more to halt the attacks given their limited resources , lawmakers said today .
A detailed report into what was known before the attacks , which killed 52 people on three subway cars and a bus , reveals how one of the bombers was tracked by intelligence officers as early as 2001 .
Two of the men were repeatedly spotted with other terrorists in 2004 , but never properly identified , the report concludes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The inquiry , by Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee , makes the alarming disclosure that in 2004 , MI5 had poor or no surveillance of 60 per cent of suspected terrorists .
Only 6 per cent of suspects were adequately kept under surveilance , the lawmakers ' report said .
Jonathan Evans , head of MI5 , estimates there are around 2,000 known terrorists operating in Britain .
Officials estimate there are likely thousands more unknown to authorities .
Lawmakers said that to properly cover the current threat , MI5 would need " several hundred thousand officers as opposed to their current 3,500 . "
Despite a huge recruitment drive , MI5 still only has the manpower to " hit the crocodiles nearest the boat , " Evans told lawmakers .
The report lists numerous occasions when London bombings ringleader Mohammed Siddique Khan was watched by surveillance teams , including a previously unknown occasion at a 2001 training camp in Britain .
" We cannot criticize the judgments made by MI5 and police based on the information that they had , and their priorities at the time , " the report states .
Falling for Ancient Propaganda UN Treasure Honors Persian Despot
A 2,500 - year - old cuneiform document ceremoniously displayed in a glass case at the United Nations in New York is revered as an " ancient declaration of human rights . "
But in fact , argue researchers , the document was the work of a despot who had his enemies tortured .
May 7 , 2009
Power House
Six stories high and barnacled on the floor with hulking steam - fed engines , the turbine room at the Astoria generating station produces power for one - fifth of New York City .
Read Related Article »
One of the most difficult problems in the social sciences is understanding why some people intentionally inflict emotional and physical pain on others .
Such intentional pain occurs not only on a local level — within families , with “ friends , ” or in work situations , but also on a national and international scale — Hitler ’s Holocaust , Stalin ’s purges , and Chairman Mao ’s slaughter of millions .
Neuroscience is providing the potential for a revolution in our understanding of why “ bad ” people do what they do …
Barrett Brown is the author of Flock of Dodos : Behind Modern Creationism , Intelligent Design , and the Easter Bunny and serves as director of communications for Enlighten the Vote , a political action committee dedicated to promoting the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
His work has appeared in dozens of publications including National Lampoon , The Onion A.V. Club , McSweeney ’s , American Atheist , and The Fortean Times .
In this week ’s eSkeptic , in the midst of the gay marriage controversy sweeping across the nation ( as individual states are changing their constitutional minds about what constitutes marriage ) , we present an interesting article by Barrett Brown that demolishes the silly notion proffered by some conservatives that gay marriage decreases straight marriage rates .
Adventures in Math & Marriage
or , Why Gay Marriage Does Not
Decrease Straight Marriage
by Barrett Brown
Does the legalization of gay marriage contribute to the decline of heterosexual marriage ?
A good portion of our fair republic ’s cultural conservatives seem to believe that it does .
Evangelical kingpin James Dobson , head of Focus on the Family , told a typically credulous Larry King in November of 2006 :
In the Netherlands and places where they have tried to define marriage [ to include gay couples ] , what happens is that people just do n’t get married .
It ’s not that the homosexuals are marrying in greater numbers , it ’s that when you confuse what marriage is , young people just do n’t get married .
If what Dobson says is true , New Jersey is going to be in huge trouble , and Massachusetts , which legalized gay marriage in 2004 , must already be .
Of course , Dobson is wrong .
Here ’s why .
First , let ’s think about this problem mathematically and prepare our variables .
X is any country “ where they have tried to define marriage [ to include gay couples ] , ” in Dobson ’s description .
Y is the marriage rate among heterosexuals before country X has “ tried to define marriage [ to include gay couples ] , ” and Z is the allegedly decreasing heterosexual marriage rate that exists after ten years of gay civil unions .
The Dobson Theorem , as we shall call it , states that “ if X , then Y must be greater than Z. ”
Or , translating math into English , “ if a nation allows for civil unions , the marriage rate among heterosexuals at the time that this occurs will be higher than it is ten years later . ”
Let us now test the Dobson Theorem .
Like most things with variables , the Dobson Theorem requires that X be substituted for various things that meet the parameters of X — in this case , northern European countries .
Luckily , Dr. Dobson himself has provided us with some data .
During the Larry King interview , Dobson mentioned Norway and “ other Scandinavian countries ” as fitting the description .
We ’ll also need values to punch in for Y and Z .
These may be obtained from all of the countries in question , which have famously nosy governments .
Conveniently enough , these numbers may also be obtained from the October 26 , 2008 edition of the Wall Street Journal op - ed page , where William N. Eskridge , Jr. , the John A. Garver professor of jurisprudence at Yale University , and Darren Spedale , a New York investment banker , penned an editorial based on their new book entitled Gay Marriage : For Better or For Worse ?
What We ’ve Learned From the Evidence .
According to Eskridge and Garver , Denmark began allowing gay civil unions in 1989 .
Ten years later , the heterosexual marriage rate had increased by 10.7 percent .
Norway did the same in 1993 , and a decade later the heterosexual marriage rate had increased by 12.7 percent .
Sweden followed suite in 1995 , and ten years later the heterosexual marriage rate had increased by 28.7 percent .
And these marriages were actually lasting .
During the same time frame , the divorce rate dropped 13.9 percent in Denmark , 6 percent in Norway , and 13.7 percent in Sweden .
So , we may probably dispense with the Dobson Theorem .
But how did Dobson get this relationship so wrong in the first place ?
The culprit may be the Weekly Standard and National Review gadfly Stanley Kurtz , who took issue with Garver and Eskridge ’s preliminary findings back in 2004 , before they were published .
Confronted with statistics indicating that marriage in Scandinavia is in fine shape , Kurtz instead proclaimed that “ Scandinavian marriage is now so weak that statistics on marriage and divorce no longer mean what they used to . ”
Brushing aside numbers showing that Danish marriage was up ten percent from 1990 to 1996 , Kurtz countered that “ just - released marriage rates for 2001 show declines in Sweden and Denmark . ”
He failed to note that they were down in 2001 for quite a few places , including the United States , which of course had no civil unions anywhere in 2001 .
And having not yet had access to the figures , he could n’t have known that both American and Scandinavian rates went back up in 2002 .
As for Norway , he says , the higher marriage rate “ has more to do with the institution ’s decline than with any renaissance .
Much of the increase in Norway ’s marriage rate is driven by older couples ‘ catching up . ’ ”
It ’s unclear exactly how old these “ older couples ” may be , but at any rate , Kurtz thinks their marriages simply do n’t count .
But even if we arbitrarily strike such nuptials from the record , we ’re still left with an increase in Norway ’s marriage rate , as Kurtz himself acknowledges that these oldster nuptials only constitute “ much ” of the increase , not all of it or even most of it .
So Kurtz ’s position is that Norwegian marriage is in decline because not only are younger couples getting married at a higher rate , but older couples are as well .
Kurtz applies a similar level of statistical acumen to divorce rates .
“ It ’s true that in Denmark , as elsewhere in Scandinavia , divorce numbers looked better in the nineties , ” he wrote .
“ But that ’s because the pool of married people has been shrinking for some time .
You ca n’t divorce without first getting married . ”
This is true .
It ’s also true that Denmark has a much lower divorce rate than the United States as a percentage of married couples , a method of calculation that makes the size of the married people pool irrelevant .
Denmark ’s percentage is 44.5 , while the United States is at 54.8 percent .
Incidentally , those numbers come from the Heritage Foundation , which also sponsors reports on the danger that gay marriage poses to the heterosexual marriage rate .
Still , Kurtz is upset that many Scandinavian children are born out of wedlock .
“ About 60 percent of first - born children in Denmark now have unmarried parents , ” he says .
He does n’t give us the percentage of second - born children who have unmarried parents , because that percentage is lower and would thus indicate that Scandinavian parents often marry after having their first child , as Kurtz himself later notes in the course of predicting that this will no longer be the case as gay civil unions continue to take their non-existent toll on Scandinavian marriage .
Since the rate by which Scandinavian couples have children before getting married has been rising for decades , it ’s hard to see what this has to do with the more recent advent of gay marriage — unless , of course , you happen to be Stanley Kurtz .
“ Scandinavia ’s out - of - wedlock birthrates may have risen more rapidly in the seventies , when marriage began its slide .
But the push of that rate past the 50 percent mark during the nineties was in many ways more disturbing . ”
Of course it was more disturbing to Kurtz .
By the mid-1990s , the Scandinavians had all instituted civil unions , and thus even the clear , long - established trajectory of such a trend as premature baby - bearing can be laid at the feet of the gays simply by establishing some arbitrary numerical benchmark that was probably going to be reached anyway , calling this milestone “ in many ways more disturbing , ” and hinting that all of this is somehow the fault of the gays .
By the same token , I can prove that the establishment of the Weekly Standard in 1995 has contributed to rampant world population growth .
Sure , that population growth has been increasing steadily for decades , but the push of that number past the 6 billion mark in 2000 was “ in many ways more disturbing ” to me for some weird reason that I can’t quite pin down .
Of course , this is faulty reasoning .
One could just as reasonably argue that by virtue of its unparalleled support for the invasion of Iraq , the Weekly Standard has actually done its part to keep world population down .
Why is Kurtz so disturbed about out - of - wedlock rates ?
Personally , I think it would be preferable for a couple to have a child and then get married , as is more often the case in Scandinavia , rather than for a couple to have a child and then get divorced , as is more often the case in the United States .
Kurtz does n’t seem to feel this way , though , as it is n’t convenient to feel this way at this particular time .
Here are all of these couples , he tells us , having babies without first filling out the proper baby - making paperwork with the proper federal agencies .
What will become of the babies ?
As long as we ’re looking at trend lines , we may conclude that they ’ll continue to outperform their American counterparts in math and science , as they ’ve been doing for quite a while .
Ben Smith at Politico just reported the following statement from the Department of Justice over their brief , filed last night , comparing gay marriage to incest :
As it generally does with existing statutes , the Justice Department is defending the law on the books in court .
The president has said he wants to see a legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act because it prevents LGBT couples from being granted equal rights and benefits .
However , until Congress passes legislation repealing the law , the administration will continue to defend the statute when it is challenged in the justice system .
Yeah , you see , that ’s an outright lie .
Fortunately for you , and unfortunately for Justice , Joe and I are both lawyers .
We suspected this betrayal was coming , so we read up on the law .
In fact , George W. Bush ( ACLU et al. , v. Norman Y. Mineta – “ The U.S. Department of Justice has notified Congress that it will not defend a law prohibiting the display of marijuana policy reform ads in public transit systems . ” ) , Bill Clinton ( Dickerson v. United States – “ Because the Miranda decision is of constitutional dimension , Congress may not legislate a contrary rule unless this Court were to overrule Miranda … .
Section 3501 cannot constitutionally authorize the admission of a statement that would be excluded under this Court ’s Miranda cases . ” ) , George HW Bush ( Metro Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission ) , and Ronald Reagan ( INS v./ Chadha – “ Chadha then filed a petition for review of the deportation order in the Court of Appeals , and the INS joined him in arguing that § 244 ( c ) ( 2 ) is unconstitutional . ” ) all joined in lawsuits opposing federal laws that they did n’t like , laws that they felt were unconstitutional .
It is an outright lie to suggest that the DOJ had no choice .
But it ’s worse than that .
Let ’s just assume for a moment that the Justice spokesman did n’t lie to Politico , even though they did .
Let ’s just assume that Obama had no choice but to oppose the gay couple filing this DOMA lawsuit .
Where in the law does it say that Obama was required to compare gay marriage to incest ?
And putting that little bit of religious right messaging aside , even if they “ had ” to file the brief against us , why did n’t they just file a brief that argued the technicalities about why the case should have been thrown out ( e.g. , the plaintiffs had no standing ) ?
No , what Obama did was throw the legal kitchen sink at us in a brief that could have been written by Antonin Scalia .
They argued that DOMA is constitutional .
Worse yet , they argue that it was a reasonable , rational , good law that actually saves the government money .
They argued that DOMA was n’t motivated by hate .
That DOMA does n’t discriminate against gays one bit because , apparently , gays can get married if they want … well , if they want to marry straight people of the opposite gender .
They invoked Loving v. VA , the miscegenation case , and argued how it does n’t apply to gay marriage , undercutting the entire basis of our civil rights movement – saying that our civil rights are not akin , are not as worth , not as real , as the civil rights of blacks and other minorities .
They went out of their way to try to diminish the legal impact of our two big Supreme Court victories , Roemer and Lawrence – that will have implications on every future civil rights battle we fight .
No .
The Obama administration did n’t just lie to Politico , Obama lied to our community , or he lied to the court .
But you do n’t publicly call yourself a “ fierce advocate ” for gay rights , and then compare married gays to incest .
You do n’t make your first official legal statement on gay rights an outright attack on the underpinnings of our entire civil rights .
Our president had a choice .
And he chose to throw us under the bus , and then knife us for good measure .
PS And here ’s another lie from the Justice spokesman :
The president has said he wants to see a legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act because it prevents LGBT couples from being granted equal rights and benefits .
In fact , Obama argued last night that DOMA does not deny gays any rights or benefits :
Rights
In short , then , the failure in this manner to recognize a certain subset of marriages that are recognized by a certain subset of States cannot be taken as an infringement on plaintiffs ’ rights , even if same - sex marriage were accepted as a fundamental right under the Constitution … .
DOMA , understood for what it actually does , infringes on no one ’s rights , and in all events it infringes on no right that has been constitutionally protected as fundamental , so as to invite heightened scrutiny .
Benefits
[ G]ay and lesbian individuals who unite in matrimony are denied no federal benefits to which they were entitled prior to their marriage ; they remain eligible for every benefit they enjoyed beforehand …
DOMA does not discriminate against homosexuals in the provision of federal benefits .
To the contrary , discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is prohibited in federal employment and in a wide array of federal benefits programs by law , regulation , and Executive order .
You see , this is the problem with what Obama did to our community last night .
He can talk all he wants about helping us get our civil rights ( well , in fact , notice the Justice spokesman said nothing about Obama actually helping us get DOMA repealed ) , but the Obama administration ’s own word will now be used against us , and against him , if he ever deigns to actually fulfill even one promise to our community .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States would trim missile - defense spending , cancel multibillion - dollar weapons programs but buy more arms for fighting insurgents in places like Iraq and Afghanistan , under a 2010 budget plan .
The F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter being built by Lockheed is seen in an undated photo .
REUTERS / Handout
Defense Secretary Robert Gates proposed on Monday an overhaul of the world ’s most powerful military arsenal , including canceling a $ 13 billion presidential helicopter program that President Barack Obama has described as an example of Pentagon procurement “ gone amok .
Gates would end production of Lockheed Martin ’s F - 22 , the premier U.S. fighter jet , at the 187 now delivered or in the pipeline .
But Lockheed gets a boost with accelerated funding of its F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter .
At a Pentagon briefing , Gates said the United States had the defenses it needed for now to protect from a long - range ballistic missile of the type that North Korea fired on Sunday .
“ It actually would not have changed it at all , ” he said when asked whether a “ successful ” test - firing would have changed his views on spending .
“ We ’re in a pretty good place in terms of -- with respect to the rogue missile -- rogue country missile threat , ” he said .
The defense proposals must still become part of Obama ’s formal budget submission to Congress .
Lawmakers have the final say on spending and were already gearing up to alter the plan .
Gates said he would kill the vehicle leg of the Army ’s Future Combat Systems , a Boeing Co-led flagship of U.S. Army modernization built around an advanced digital network .
The Defense Department would review requirements for the vehicles in light of changing U.S. military needs and seek bids for the revamped requirements later .
Also canceled under Gates ’ proposal would be a projected $ 26 billion “ Transformational Satellite ” program that would have swelled the coffers of rival bidders Lockheed or Boeing .
The proposals for fiscal 2010 , which begins October 1 , would add funding for unmanned aerial vehicles and other intelligence , surveillance , communications and reconnaissance programs designed to thwart insurgents .
“ Our conventional modernization goals should be tied to the actual and prospective capabilities of known future ... adversaries , not by what might be technologically feasible , ” Gates told reporters at the briefing .
Defense stocks , beaten down for weeks on fears that years of rapid growth in U.S. defense budget was finally ending , rebounded following Gates ’ presentation .
“ There was a cloud hanging over those stocks , people wondering what was going to happen , what the announcements were going to be , ” said Giri Cherukuri , head trader Oakbrook Investments LLC .
The Standard & Poor ’s Aerospace and Defense index ended up 3.6 percent .
SHIFTING PRIORITIES
Gates ’ proposal would cut missile defense spending by $ 1.4 billion in 2010 , or roughly 15 percent ; scrap a $ 15 billion competition for new Air Force rescue helicopters , and buy 31 more of Boeing ’s F / A - 18 fighter jets in 2010 .
Overall , Obama has said he would seek roughly $ 534 billion for the Pentagon ’s core budget in 2010 , not including war funding , about 4 percent more than the $ 513.3 billion Congress provided for 2009 .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Gates ’ proposal would change the makeup of the spending , not the overall figure .
It would revamp the way the Navy builds destroyers , kill a new cruiser program , and end the VH - 71 presidential helicopter program run by Lockheed and AgustaWestland , a unit of Italy ’s Finmeccanica for new aerial refueling tankers , saying the Defense Department intended to seek new bids this summer .
Gates said he still opposed congressional moves to buy more tankers and split them between the two competitors .
Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Dunn , president of the Air Force Association , criticized Gates ’ plan to retire 250 aircraft without replacements -- older F - 15s , F - 16s and A - 10s .
These recommendations , Dunn said , would undercut Air Force ability to deter foes , carry out an air campaign , and rescue downed fliers .
Gates put the final touches on his proposals this weekend even as North Korea ’s missile launch sparked renewed debate over futuristic programs including Boeing ’s planned Airborne Laser , a modified 747 jumbo jet designed to zap missiles soon after they are launched .
The $ 10 - billion - a - year missile shield is the Pentagon ’s costliest arms development project .
Gates proposed turning the airborne laser into a research program , adding $ 700 million to regional missile defense programs , and said the Pentagon would put off buying more ground - based interceptors for a site in Alaska .
Lockheed , Boeing and Northrop -- respectively the Pentagon ’s three biggest suppliers by sales -- each have big stakes in elements of the layered antimissile shield .
Six U.S. senators -- an independent , Republicans and Democrats -- urged President Barack Obama to restore full funding for missile defense .
“ The threat posed by rogue states with ballistic missiles has been underscored by Iran and North Korea ’s recent missile tests , ” they wrote .
Lockheed shares ended up 8.9 percent at $ 73.28 , Northrop rose 9 percent to $ 47.94 and Raytheon rose 8.3 percent to $ 41.66 .
Even Boeing , which had been down for most of the session , ended slightly higher , up 1.3 percent at $ 38.16 .
The " rule of law " is a favorite notion of us conservatives : the belief that our country revolves around the legislation written and enacted , not on gut and instinct and sleights of hand .
The concept might not be immediately important to you car fans and shoppers out there , but it 's very much a concern as the Chrysler bankruptcy spins in federal court .
We all need to be concerned and worried that laws designed to protect the structure of bankruptcy are being flouted , even more so as General Motors approaches a day of reckoning of its own .
There 's simply no precedent for President Barack Obama 's heavy - handed intrusion into the legal bankruptcy process with Chrysler .
His micromanagement has turned contract law on its head , and created a monster that will kill companies , argues George Mason University law professor Todd Zywicki in today 's Wall Street Journal .
Obama 's hardball tactics prior to the Chrysler Chapter 11 filing led to some astonishing bullying -- using patriotism to shame creditors who had first legal rights to reclaiming a fraction of their investments as Chrysler spiraled toward bankruptcy .
Obama 's administration told the media that those creditors were not acting in the best interests of the country -- and actively tried to circumvent the rights of those bondholders to push the UAW and the government ahead in the payout line .
It 's a stunning turn of events , to be sure .
Zywicki says it's also a " profound challenge to the rule of law . "
While the bondholders will get about 30 cents to the dollar for their good - faith investments in the company , the United Auto Workers will get 50 cents on the dollar toward their healthcare contributions .
They 're both contractual obligations , but by law , the creditors come first .
Not now .
Zywicki says Obama 's moves will result in a " sham sale " of Chrysler assets to Fiat - - but more importantly , will disrupt the normal bankruptcy process that lets stakeholders have their say in the plan .
That 's trouble for an economy already at a tipping point of government intervention .
" By stepping over the bright line between the rule of law and the arbitrary behavior of men , " Zywicki writes , " President Obama may have created a thousand new failing businesses . "
Chrysler and the UAW may have gotten their bailout , but the consequences for the rule of law are troubling .
As General Motors hurtles toward a potential Chapter 11 filing on May 31st , how much say will the President have in their reorganization -- or in something as picayune as their advertising budgets ?
It 's a brave new world out there .
A dangerous one , too .
[ Wall Street Journal , sub . required ]
South Australia 's plastic bag ban has pushed Australia to a tipping point and bags should be banned nationwide , supporters say .
South Australia is today becoming the first state to ban lightweight plastic checkout bags .
The ban is expected to reduce the 400 million bags which end up in South Australian dumps every year .
Jon Dee , the founder of the Do Something Campaign to rid the country of the free plastic bag , says today 's change is a big breakthrough .
" One of the most interesting things about it is that it 's making all the national retailers ban plastic bags , " he told ABC Radio National 's Breakfast program .
" The argument now is if they can do it in that state there 's no reason why they can't do it in every other state . "
Labor went to the last federal election pledging to bring in a national ban on plastic bags .
But its plan to phase out their use by the start of this year lost momentum when a meeting of state and federal environment ministers failed to come to an agreement in April last year .
Mr Dee says the South Australian ban could be more effective because it will provide the template for a broader scheme .
" It 's disappointing in some ways that South Australia is the only state , however great news that they 've actually done it because it has of course been promised nationally for many years now , " he said .
" If you look at ( Prime Minister ) Kevin Rudd and ( Environment Minister ) Peter Garrett they did promise a national phase - out by the end of last year and that was originally agreed to by all the states .
" When that fell over thankfully South Australia said we 're going to go ahead and do it . "
He says banning plastic bags has support from shoppers and retailers alike .
" All the research that 's been done to date ... is showing it 's got incredible levels of support and it's been so well accepted at the retail level .
" If you look at Target for example it 's gone so well for them that they 've decided to ban plastic bags on a national basis .
We 're also hearing strong rumours that Target is not the only national retailer considering a similar ban . "
Retailers have warned of confusion as the ban takes effect , and the South Australian Retailers '
Association says reusing old plastic bags for meat or fish one week and vegetables or fruit the next could have unintended health consequences .
" We leave these things in cars , there 's hygiene issues associated with that , so our concern is that there is an opportunity of health issues coming in because of the recalcitrance of the South Australian Government , " said executive director Richard Evans .
Under the new arrangements in South Australia shops will have to supply reusable or environmentally friendly alternatives such as cornstarch or paper bags .
Retailers could get an on - the - spot fine of $ 315 , or a maximum penalty of $ 5,000 if they are caught breaching the ban .
Environmental group Planet Ark is also urging other governments to follow South Australia 's example .
The group has launched a petition called Kill of Plastic Bags , Not Wildlife , which will be sent to a meeting of state and federal environment ministers on May 22 .
Our valued clients
Our WiFi solutions suit the needs of the most demanding and innovative telcos and enterprises across the globe .
Today , we work with a wide variety of clients , including more than 20 of the world ’s leading telco operators .
They put their confidence in Fontech because they know we deliver .
Read our success stories to find out more .
Let ’s face it , cupcakes are fun .
Familiar , colorful and oh - so - cute , these whimsical little cakes are famous for full - on flavor and mile - high frosting .
And do n’t forget the decorations .
Best of all ?
They ’re small enough that you do n’t have to share .
FOR THE RECORD :
Cupcake recipe : A June 3 recipe for butter cupcakes omitted the oven temperature .
The oven should be heated to 350 degrees . —
It ’s no wonder that cupcakes seem to turn up at everything from backyard barbecues to formal weddings .
And while you can pick up the latest fancy creations at your favorite shop or bakery , the prices for these designer cakes are more likely to leave you with a bad case of sugar shock than with a good sugar high .
But beneath all their sparkle , cupcakes are really simple creations .
Advertisement
And they could n’t be easier to make at home .
Start with a good , flavorful cake , and top with a generous ( or very generous ) amount of frosting .
Decorate the cakes as simply or extravagantly as you like .
Set them out and they ’re as good as gone .
Not only are homemade cupcakes less expensive than the professional variety , but you might also find that the quality and flavor even improve when you control the ingredients and flavors and can bake up a batch just before serving them .
The trick is to have a few basic recipes handy for when the occasion arises .
Start with good butter and chocolate recipes .
Advertisement
And keep in mind that although most cake recipes will make decent cupcakes ( you ’re just baking smaller cakes in muffin tins , so the baking time is decreased ) , it ’s a little more complicated to find recipes that excel primarily as cupcakes .
You want a cake with good structure ; it should be tender but sturdy .
Remember , these cakes will be unwrapped and handled as they ’re eaten , and you do n’t want anyone to confront a crumbly mess .
Also , the cake should be moist and flavorful -- unlike so many professional cupcakes , which look great but are dry or lack flavor , as if the cake is nothing more than support for the frosting and decorations .
A great butter cake has sturdy structure and tender crumb , and a rich butter flavor ca n’t be beat .
Butter is whipped with sugar until it is light , almost white in color , and fluffy ; the sugar creates a bunch of tiny bubbles in the butter that will help leaven the cake ( the chemical leaveners , baking soda and powder , will help the bubbles expand ) .
Advertisement
Egg proteins add structure to support the cake , and extra yolks add moisture .
Most great butter cakes are baked with cake flour for tender crumb ; but a combination of cake and all - purpose flour will still give a delicate texture , but make for a sturdier overall cake .
Finally , a little sour cream will give the cake a nice tang and help to tenderize further .
For a chocolate cake , start with a batter similar to the one for butter cake , but for a rich chocolate flavor , add Dutch process cocoa .
It is processed with alkali to neutralize cocoa ’s natural acidity ( it also intensifies the color of the cocoa to a deeper brown ) .
After you ’ve decided on the cake , pick a few good frostings .
A classic buttercream recipe is a must for any home baker ; the flavor is rich but delicate , and the basic frosting can be enhanced with a number of flavors and colors .
A classic chocolate ganache is also a must ; ganache is often left thick to use as a rich filling for truffles and tarts , but whipped , it makes a light but amazingly rich frosting .
Advertisement
Finally , find a great cream cheese frosting ; it ’s a classic for cupcakes ( and cakes ) , and the tang will complement any number of cake bases .
A basic buttercream is really nothing more than egg whites , sugar and butter .
There are various methods to make it , but one of the best , and most stable , is the method used for “ Italian ” buttercream -- the sugar is cooked to a high temperature and , when added to the egg whites , makes for a stronger meringue .
When it comes to chocolate frosting , there is nothing better -- or simpler -- than a basic ganache .
Equal parts chocolate and cream are melted and then combined .
And often , the warm , freshly made ganache will be poured over a cake , giving off a dark sheen .
But increase the amount of cream just a bit and whip it with a whisk and the frosting will have the same rich flavor , but with a texture light enough to use as icing .
Advertisement
A basic cream cheese frosting is a necessity for a wide variety of cakes , such as coconut and carrot .
Beat together cream cheese and just a bit of butter for lightness , then whip in some powdered sugar .
Intensify the flavor if you like by adding a little citrus zest .
Master the basic recipes , then branch out .
Experiment by substituting different flavorings for the vanilla , or try adding zest , dried fruit or nuts .
The only thing you need to be absolutely sure of is that you make enough cupcakes .
After all , you do n’t want to run out too soon .
noelle.carter@latimes.com
In two previous articles I pointed out the performance issue of false sharing ( aka cache line ping - ponging ) , where threads use different objects but those objects happen to be close enough in memory that they fall on the same cache line , and the cache system treats them as a single lump that is effectively protected by a hardware write lock that only one core can hold at a time . [ 1,2 ]
This causes real but invisible performance contention ; whichever thread currently has exclusive ownership so that it can physically perform an update to the cache line will silently throttle other threads that are trying to use different ( but , alas , nearby ) data that sits on the same line .
It 's easy to see why the problem arises when multiple cores are writing to different parts of the same cache line , because only one can hold the exclusive hardware lock at a time .
In practice , however , it can be even more common to encounter a reader thread using what it thinks is read - only data still getting throttled by a writer thread updating a different but nearby memory location , because the reading thread has to invalidate its copy of the cache line and wait until after the writer has finished to reload it .
A number of readers have asked for more information and examples on where false sharing arises and how to deal with it .
I mentioned one concrete example in passing in [ 3 ] where Example 4 showed eliminating false sharing as one of the stages of optimizing a queue .
This month , let 's consider a concrete example that shows an algorithm in extremis due to false sharing distress , how to use tools to analyze the problem , and the two coding techniques we can use to eliminate false sharing trouble .
The Little Parallel Counter That Couldn't
Consider this sequential code to count the number of odd numbers in a matrix :
int odds = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < DIM ; ++i ) for ( int j = 0 ; j < DIM ; ++j ) if ( matrix [ i* DIM + j ] % 2 != 0 ) ++odds ;
If our job is to parallelize existing code , this is just what the doctor ordered :
An embarrassingly parallel problem where it should be trivial to achieve linear speedups simply by assigning 1 / P - th of the independent workload to each of P parallel workers .
Here 's a simple way to do it :
// Example 1 : Simple parallel version ( flawed ) // int result [ P ] ; //
Each of P parallel workers processes 1 / P - th // of the data ; the p-th worker records its // partial count in result [ p ] for ( int p = 0 ; p < P ; ++p ) pool.run ( [ & , p ] { result [ p ] = 0 ; int chunkSize = DIM / P + 1 ; int my Start = p * chunkSize ; int myEnd = min( myStart+chunkSize , DIM ) ; for ( int i = myStart ; i < myEnd ; ++i ) for ( int j = 0 ; j < DIM ; ++j ) if ( matrix [ i* DIM + j ] % 2 != 0 ) ++result[p ] ; } ) ; //
Wait for the parallel work to complete … pool.join ( ) ; //
Finally , do the sequential " reduction " step // to combine the results odds = 0 ; for ( int p = 0 ; p < P ; ++p ) odds += result [p ] ;
Quick :
How well would you expect Example 1 to scale as P increases from 1 to the available hardware parallelism on the machine ?
You already have a hint from the topic of this column -- is there any part of the code that might worry you ?
Let 's find out .
When I ran the code in Example 1 with values of P from 1 to 24 on a 24 - core machine , I got the results shown in Figure 1 .
These results are n't just underwhelming ; they 're staggeringly bad .
In most cases , the parallel code ran actually ran slower than the sequential code , and in no case did we get any better than a 42 % speedup no matter how many cores we threw at the problem .
Yet this is supposed to be an embarrassingly parallel ( i.e. , embarrassingly easy to scalably parallelize ) algorithm suitable for an introductory concurrency class .
What 's going on ?
Were you one of the many that played Perfect Dark Zero back in 2005 and wondered why there was so much hype and anticipation for the game ?
Now you can find out .
Major Nelson updated his twitter feed with the announcement that Perfect Dark , which debuted on the Nintendo 64 back in 2000 , is coming to Xbox Live Arcade .
No details about any new features or who is handling development were given , but it appears for now the game will be a straight port of the N64 version .
But one thing to note is the game will run at full 1080 p .
No word if any of the framerate problems from the original were fixed .
Major Nelson also says it 's coming this Winter with a free theme pack coming tomorrow .
A French navy plane joins the search for debris from Air France 447 The Air France jet which went missing over the Atlantic sent 24 error messages minutes before it crashed , French investigators say .
Investigators also said the plane 's autopilot was not on , though they do not know if it had been switched off or was not working .
Weather experts said there was no evidence storms the plane encountered were " exceptional " for the season .
The Airbus A330 vanished en-route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on Monday .
Officials do not know what triggered the plane 's problems , but it was flying through an area of thunder storms and turbulence .
See a map of the plane 's route Speaking at a press conference in Paris , the director of France 's air accident investigation agency , Paul - Louis Arslanian , said a total of 24 error messages were received in the final moments of Air France 447 , as its systems shut down one by one .
But he said it was impossible to tell from the plane 's signals why the autopilot was not on .
Faulty speed meters Mr Arslanian confirmed that the missing jet had had a problem calculating its speed , adding that it was a recurring problem on the A330s and that Airbus was undertaking a replacement programme .
SEARCH FOR FLIGHT AF 447 1 June : Contact lost with plane over mid-Atlantic 2 June : First debris spotted from the air includes an airline seat .
Brazilian defence minister says debris is from missing plane 3 June : More debris spotted , including a 7 m - wide chunk of metal .
Fuel slick seen on ocean surface 4 June : Buoys and pallet recovered from ocean said to be from plane .
Officials later retract statement
Combing the data for clues Timeline of Flight AF 447 Air disasters timeline " We have seen a certain number of these types of faults on the A330 , " Mr Arslanian said .
" There is a programme of replacement , of improvement . "
But he insisted the planes were safe in the meantime .
The deputy head of the French weather service , Alain Ratier , said the weather pattern was normal at the time that Flight 447 disappeared .
" According to the analysis of the infrared images , there is nothing to suggest that there was a cluster of thunderstorms of exceptional intensity , " Mr Ratier said .
" Certainly there was powerful cumulo - nimbus [ storm clouds ] , but these are found frequently in this area and in normal climatic conditions , " he added .
Search efforts
Hopes of locating the plane have been frustrated so far .
Brazilian search teams first said on Tuesday they may have spotted debris from the plane .
But material recovered from the sea on Thursday turned out to be unrelated to the Air France jet .
Efforts are now focusing on the two sonar beacons - or " pingers " - attached to the flight 's data recorders boxes , the BBC's Hugh Schofield reports from Paris .
But at the news conference , a spokesman for France 's accident investigation bureau said there was no guarantee the beacons were still attached to the flight recorders .
He said , given the likely force of the impact of a crash , they could easily have become separated .
On Friday , French Defence Minister Herve Morin said a French submarine was being sent to join in the search since it had sonar equipment that could help locate the airliner 's flight data recorders .
The US is also sending specialised listening equipment .
Without the data recorders , investigators are unlikely to determine the cause of the crash , our correspondent says .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Michael Thomas Wins Dublin's IMPAC Award for Managing and Producing the Best Novel
This man will buy you a drink if you ask him in an Irish accent !
Cheers to Michael Thomas for taking home Dublin's IMPAC Award last week for his novel " Man Gone Down . "
The IMPAC is the world 's biggest purse for a novel , making Thomas a target now if you see him in any New York bars and somebody needs to buy the next round .
If you win the IMPAC , you get $ 150,000 .
If that does n't sound like a lot of money , then you 've probably never written a novel .
The IMPAC is the strangest award .
It was started by an American " managment productivity company " to raise goodwill in Ireland .
The company 's European office is in Dublin , and when local bartenders told IMPAC that they would only have to contribute $ 150,000 every year to be doing the MOST for novels in the world , IMPAC laughed , shook their heads at such a cynical jest , and then discovered that this was true .
IMPAC decided that they could easily pay this much every year in order to reward people for " managing " and " producing " good fiction .
Sponsoring a NASCAR driver , for instance , would cost millions .
The IMPAC is open to any novel written in any language by an author of any nationality , provided the work has been published in English during the previous year .
Additionally , nominations for the IMPAC come from libraries and not from publishers .
Library systems submit nominations , and the books are judged by the Dublin City Council .
" Man Gone Down , " for instance , was nominated by " The National Library Service of Barbados , Bridgetown .
"
The IMPAC sounds like a prize created by Irish scientists to keep the novel on life support .
I suspect it will be a prize that only grows in reputation and renown , especially if it keeps being the " world 's richest novel prize . "
They desperately need a new name for it , however .
Why are novel prizes always named after the sponsor , like fucking Little League Baseball ?
The " IMPAC Award " sounds like an award for excellence in " management productivity , " not for writing .
IMPAC should keep fronting the money , sure , but they ought to call this award the Blarney Prize , or something .
" Man Gone Down " is Thomas ' first novel and it sounds pretty good .
According to Wikipedia , Thomas has never worked a " proper job , " and has instead survived as a writer by working in bars , pizza delivery , film sets , construction , and driving a taxi .
From the " Judge 's Citation " for " Man Gone Down .
"
If you want to know the second thing about being really broke , you 'll have to read the book .
Hopefully , Thomas wo n't forget .
Hopefully , his second novel will be about how it feels to eat big fucking steaks , lose a lot of money in real estate , and have expensive affairs with young mercenaries .
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE , Delaware ( CNN ) --
His name was Phillip A. Myers .
A staff sergeant in the U.S. Air Force , he was killed in a roadside bombing in Afghanistan on Saturday .
The body of Phillip Myers , 30 , arrived at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Sunday .
The return of his body to the United States aboard a charter aircraft Sunday marked a solemn moment that has been repeated more than 5,000 times at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware since the start of the war in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
Much of this night was like so many of the others :
The well - practiced and crisp movement of the carry team silently transferring the body from the plane to the truck that would transport it to the base mortuary and the presence of Myers ' family , quietly watching every step and order , ensured dignity and respect for the fallen in an atmosphere that does not lend itself to peace and quiet .
This night , however , was not like the other nights .
Watching all of this were about 40 journalists allowed to cover the return of Myers ' remains .
It was the first time in almost 20 years the return of a fallen U.S. service member was able to be recorded by the media .
Myers ' widow was the first to be asked by the military , under a new policy by Defense Secretary Robert Gates , if she wished to have news media at Dover Air Force Base for her husband 's final return home .
Her decision to do so was historical and allowed the public to see a side of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq the country has not yet seen .
The only noise on the flight line was the perpetual whine of the Atlas Air 747 's power generator .
This was the plane that had brought Myers and another fallen soldier back to the United States .
The media were not allowed to cover the other soldier 's transfer and were not given his name or the circumstances of his death , because the family had not granted permission .
On the flight line , journalists were asked not to speak , use camera flashes or make undue movement while watching the transfer .
With cameras rolling , an eight - member carry team wearing battle - dress uniforms and white gloves stood by the flag - draped transfer case carrying Myers , as the chaplain , Maj .
Klabens Noel , said a prayer .
Watch the coverage of the return of the fallen service member »
The team slowly moved the transfer case from the aircraft onto the loader .
With a jolt , the quiet of the night was shattered as a diesel engine was started to lower the loader toward the ground and then was shut off .
Bathed in light from the giant floodlights along the flight line , the team hoisted the transfer case and carried it to a waiting panel truck .
As the transfer case was secured , the carry team saluted , the doors of the truck were slowly closed and then driven under police escort to the base mortuary .
Seven family members watched the truck until it was out of sight , one man among them crying into a tissue .
Myers was from Hopewell , Virginia , and died Saturday of wounds suffered in a roadside bombing , the Air Force said .
He was assigned to the 48th Civil Engineer Squadron , with the Royal Air Force Lakenheath , UK , and in March 2008 received the Bronze Star for valor .
He was 30 years old .
Casualties : Afghanistan | Iraq
The ban on media coverage of returning war dead was implemented by President George Bush in 1991 and the policy has been the subject of much debate since .
Some called it censorship ; others said it allowed privacy and respect for the families during a very difficult time .
Watch an Army widow call the policy is ' dignified ' »
An exception on the ban by President Bill Clinton in 2000 allowed coverage of the return of sailors killed in the attack on the USS Cole .
Shortly after taking office , President Obama asked Gates to take a look at the policy .
In February , Gates reversed it , but with conditions .
Family members would be asked if they wanted news media to cover the transfer of their loved one 's body .
iReport.com :
What do you think about this decision ?
Service members ' support groups had mixed opinions on the change .
Some welcomed the change to show the human cost of war , and others opposed it .
" We are committed to seeing that America 's fallen heroes are received back to their loved ones and their country with the honor , respect and recognition that they and their families have earned , " Gates said after his decision .
" The overriding principle is that decisions about media coverage should be made by those most affected : the families , " he said .
All About Iraq War • Afghanistan War • Dover Air Force Base
Also as " bunko " .
See " bunco squad " .
The original " bunco " was a dishonest gambling game .
Can be used to imply deceit and fraud .
In the old days , Sgt. Joe Friday and Officer Gannon on the TV show " Dragnet " , working out of the bunko squad , would bust some scam artist for conning some little old ladies .
Atheist Symbols , Why Not ?
Something I do n’t understand is this aversion many atheists ’ have towards an atheist symbol .
While I do n’t think there will ever be a consensus among atheists for a single symbol , I do n’t see a problem with trying .
I also do n’t see a problem with multiple symbols , atheists are varied and while one subgroup may be of an anti-religious , another may be more pro-science , and multiple symbols can help differentiate that .
Western atheism is a subculture , there can be no denying that .
It ’s a rallying point for an oppressed people and that is an important thing .
Aside from that , atheism already has a well used symbol .
A word like “ atheist ” or “ atheism ” is a symbol for an abstract concept .
When you ’re calling yourself an atheist you ’re already using symbology , so just get over it and find an image you like or choose none .
1000 Words book is ready for order here at HERE at 4DE.com
For previews and other info , please visit~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~" 1000 Words " was inspired by a comment on one of my other work " Tape it Back Together " .
In the comment , this person told me when she first saw the drawing , she thought it was sad but could n't connect with the situation .
Three months later , her parents divorced and when she saw the drawing again , she began to sob .
It made me wonder , had she shown something like the torn up picture to her parents , would it have made a difference ?
This story also explores the purpose of art , what can be art , and what art means to me personally .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
made this beautiful tune for my storyWoot !
I finished my first ever one shot comic !
It 's 56 pages excluding the copyright page .
I do n't know how long it took me but it was a lot of work .
For all those who are curious , the little girl 's name is Fantine , and the guy 's name is Linus .
I MIGHT continue 1000 W0RDS after I finish my other projects years from nowDrawn in Paint tool SAI , texture and editing done in Photoshop , web comic programming done in Macromedia Flash .
Please check out my other flash comic , Kniteand interactive narrative , Rumination
CHICAGO , June 15 ( UPI ) -- Chicago authorities say an error while testing equipment led to a man with a license plate reading " 0 " receiving about 170 tickets he did not deserve .
The Chicago Department of Revenue said it has been using " 0 " as a placeholder license plate for testing parking ticket equipment and officials were unaware Tom Feddor had that number as his official plate , the Chicago Tribune reported Monday .
Advertisement
Feddor said that beginning in 1997 , his mailbox has been filling up with citations for violations , including parking at expired meters , parking during street - cleaning hours , running stop signs or traffic signals , and parking a truck , recreational vehicle , bus or taxi on a residential street .
Feddor said he went to the Revenue Department and the Department of Administrative Hearings for help , but was unable to resolve the issue .
Hearing officer Zipporah Lewis made several calls to officials in an attempt to help Feddor , but he said " the people she encountered at the other end of the phone seemed to be annoyed and bothered by her .
Most tried to quickly end the call . "
Revenue Department spokesman Ed Walsh told the Tribune officials were unaware there was a " 0 " plate in circulation -- Feddor 's family has been using it for 40 years -- or that he was receiving tickets from the equipment testing .
He said the tickets would be wiped out and any fines paid by Feddor would be refunded .
" The test violations should have been dismissed in the database .
The majority of the cases ( Feddor ) contested successfully .
But we are taking steps to rectify the situation so in the future an actual registered plate number will not be used to do the testing , " Walsh said .
By Emil Danielyan
Armenia is pressing ahead with its ambitious plans to build a new nuclear power station to replace the aging Soviet - era facility at Metsamor slated for decommissioning by 2017 .
The Armenian government has commissioned an Australian engineering company to manage the project .
However , the key question of who will provide the funding needed for the plant 's construction remains unanswered .
The authorities in Yerevan formally agreed in 2007 to close the Metsamor plant after several years of pressure from the United States and the European Union , which considered it to be inherently unsafe .
The E.U. in particular , had classified the VVER 440 Model V230 light water - cooled reactors as the " oldest and least reliable " category of all the 66 Soviet reactors built in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union .
Metsamor had two such reactors when it began operating at full capacity in 1980 .
They both were brought to a halt shortly after the 1988 catastrophic earthquake that devastated much of northwestern Armenia .
Dismissing the Western concerns and those of local environmentalists , the country 's first post - communist government reactivated one of the reactors in 1995 to end a severe energy crisis caused by the war with Azerbaijan and broader turmoil within the region .
The U.S. and the E.U. have since spent substantial sums on upgrading the facility 's equipment and financing other safety measures .
> Armenia Map
Successive Armenian governments have maintained that Metsamor , which generates over 40 percent of the country 's electricity , will be decommissioned only when they find an alternative source of inexpensive energy .
For the administration of former President Robert Kocharian , a new nuclear plant meeting modern safety standards was considered as the most viable alternative .
Kocharian 's successor , Serzh Sargsyan , strongly supports the idea , having declared its realization as a top economic priority after taking office in April 2008 .
Significantly , the U.S. also supports it in principle .
The first $ 2 million feasibility study on the project conducted last year was also financed by the U.S. government .
In December 2008 , Yerevan tendered for the right to design the new atomic reactor and oversee its construction .
The Sydney - based company WorleyParsons , one of the world 's largest providers of engineering services to the energy sector , was declared as its winner on May 12 ( Statement by the Armenian State Procurements Agency , May 12 ) .
WorleyParsons and the Armenian government are currently working out the precise details of the project management and will shortly sign a relevant agreement .
In early April , the Armenian parliament passed a bill regulating the various aspects of the plant 's construction .
On May 18 the Armenian Energy Minister Armen Movsisian said , " The next step will be to design the future block , after which we will enlist and select potential investors . "
He further explained : " That will be followed by the design work and the construction process itself . "
According to Movsisian the construction will start " at the end of next year or at the beginning of 2011 " and take at least five years .
The estimated cost of the project , approximately $ 5 billion , is equivalent to 40 percent of Armenia 's GDP in 2008 and twice the volume of its 2009 state budget , meaning that foreign investment is the only realistic source of funding .
Attracting such investment during the current global economic crisis will be an extremely difficult task .
Thus far , only the Russian Federal Agency on Atomic Energy ( Rosatom ) and its state - owned Atomstroyexport company have publicly expressed interest in the large - scale project .
The Armenian and Russian governments formed a joint task force in 2007 to examine the issue .
The results of its work have still not been publicly disclosed .
With a projected capacity of 1,000 - 1,200 megawatts , the new nuclear plant will be more than twice as powerful as Metsamor 's functioning reactor , leaving Armenia with a potentially massive electricity surplus which energy officials hope to export to neighboring countries .
On May 7 the Yerevan business daily Kapital quoted the chairman of the ArmRosGazprom national gas distribution company , Karen Karapetian , as saying that Georgia , Turkey and Iran will increasingly face electricity shortages in the coming years and that Armenia is in a position to alleviate the deficit .
Karapetian said Armenian energy exports to these countries might eventually exceed 6 billion kilowatt hours annually , a figure equaling the total Armenian electricity output in 2008 .
Armenia is already scheduled to supply Iran with large quantities of electricity to be generated using Iranian natural gas .
It began importing that gas on May 14 , around six months after the official inauguration of the second and final Armenian section of a gas pipeline connecting the two nations ( Arminfo , May 14 ) .
Speaking to the Armenpress news agency on May 21 , Movsisian reasserted that Armenia will soon start selling electricity to Turkey , despite the absence of diplomatic relations .
He said the Turkish government is currently making the final technical preparations for the electricity supply , which will initially involve 1.5 billion kilowatt hours annually .
The Armenian energy minister has repeatedly stated in recent months that domestic and Turkish utility firms signed an agreement to that effect during President Abdullah Gul 's historic visit to Yerevan in September 2008 .
Turkish government officials have pointedly refused to offer any public confirmation of that deal .
Nonetheless , the current uncertain prospects surrounding the normalization of Turkish - Armenian relations hardly bode well for any energy cooperation between Ankara and Yerevan .
Eurasia Daily Monitor
Burma 's military junta has charged pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi with breaching her detention conditions .
The breach relates to an incident last week involving an American man who reportedly swam across a lake to spend two nights at the opposition leader 's home .
The authorities caught him when he was swimming back .
Her lawyer says she will face trial over the incident next Monday .
Security measures have been been beefed up around her home as a result .
Ms Suu Kyi has been under house detention for 13 of the past 19 years since she won national elections in 1990 .
Her latest home detention order is due to lapse in less than two weeks .
She has been suffering poor health in recent days .
ChiroWrite Overview
ChiroWrite is a software program designed with the Chiropractor in mind .
It was designed with the help of a core group of doctors from across the country .
Additionaly , hundreds of other doctors have provided suggestions and guidance to make ChiroWrite what it is today : an advanced electronics health records system that is easy to use , customizable and efficient .
Designed to take advantage of touch screen interfaces such as the Tablet PC or a touch screen monitor , ChiroWrite allows the doctor to record patient visits / exams quickly and at a high level of detail .
SOAP Notes and Narrative Reports can be generated as needed .
All documentation is stored for easy retrieval at a later date .
If you are looking to reduce paper or even go paperless , then ChiroWrite is the solution for you .
Any kind of document or image can be attached to the patient and then viewed under their file .
ChiroWrite Benefits
There are many benefits to using the ChiroWrite system .
Please click here to see them listed in detail .
However , we believe seeing is believing so with that in mind , we prefer to perform a LIVE demo over the internet with propective clients .
No one buys anything without seeing it and this will give us a chance to understand your needs and serve you better .
Please click here to contact us .
On May 9 , New York City hosted an international dialogue about healthy food , sustainable agriculture , and community engagement — but it was n’t held at a university or sponsored by a borough president .
Three grassroots community groups in Brooklyn ’s most underserved neighborhoods welcomed a group of 45 UN delegates from almost 20 countries for a day of conversation and exchange showcasing examples of New York City ’s innovative urban agriculture .
The international representatives were in New York for two weeks of meetings of the UN Commission on Sustainable Development ( CSD ) , the body responsible for reviewing progress on decisions of the 1992 Rio de Janeiro Earth Summit .
The CSD meets annually in two - year cycles addressing various themes of sustainability , including water , energy , and sanitation .
2009 is the end of a two - year cycle focusing on food , agriculture , and land .
CSD participants spend most of their time in New York in meetings in the basement of the UN building , debating policy recommendations for international sustainable development .
The tour was part of a series of events to introduce delegates to what sustainability looks like in New York outside the UN walls .
At Bed -Stuy Farm , Hattie Carthan Community Garden , and East New York Farms ! , the delegates learned , in the words of Rokhaya Deba Fall of Senegal , “ New York has a different face than the tall buildings .
It ’s the face of many engaged people . ”
Young Urban Farmers
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
The delegates were particularly struck that the face of Brooklyn agriculture is one of youth , as teen interns led the tour at Bed - Stuy Farm and East New York Farms !
The interns , all local high school students , said they started the work because the programs paid well , but , according to one , “ Now I do it for a lot of other reasons besides the money – or I would n’t be here today ! ”
As the interns showed delegates around the farms , they talked about edible weeds and favorite recipes , showed off worms in the vermicompost system , and explained why their produce sells before that of the upstate farmers at the weekly farmers ’ market ( “ People walk by the farm and see the food growing right here — they really know where it comes from . ” ) .
“ We give food to people who ca n’t afford to buy it at the store , ” said an intern at Bed - Stuy Farm .
“ It ’s better than doing unconstructive stuff . ”
George Matovu , an urban agriculture scholar and advocate with the Municipal Development Partnership in Zimbabwe , was impressed .
“ When I get home , I ’m going to tell my colleagues that we ’ve missed the youth link , ” he said .
Youth caucus delegates from Singapore to Toronto began developing plans on the spot for programs that would engage their peers and younger students through gardening .
The significance of the paycheck that first attracted the Brooklyn interns was not lost — in low - income communities like Bed -Stuy and East New York , the additional income can be crucial to their families .
“ It ’s so hard for youth entering the market these days to find work , ” said Nkareng Mahlompho ‘ Mota of the Lesotho Ministry of Forestry and Land Reclamation .
“ Urban agriculture keeps the city clean and healthy — and it can create lots of jobs . ”
Communities in Need
At Bed -Stuy Farm , Reverends Robert and DeVanie Jackson led a tour of the neighborhood , providing a stark illustration of a community that relies on , in their estimation , 40 emergency food providers .
The Jacksons run Brooklyn Rescue Mission , a community food pantry , but they believe that the supermarket model of the food pantry reinforces the cycle of poverty .
That , says DeVanie Jackon , “ Is why we chose to grow food . ”
Since 2005 , the Jackson have cultivated the farm , a 50 ′ x 100 ′ formerly vacant lot behind the pantry , in order to provide their pantry clients with fresh produce — as much as 7000 pounds in a year .
Despite the rapid growth of Bed -Stuy Farm , there is still tremendous need for fresh food in the community .
The Jacksons hope to start another farm on the cracked pavement of a nearby abandoned tennis court , though the land deeds have been tied up in city bureaucracy for years .
Some of the delegates half - jokingly discussed staging an international agricultural takeover .
Citizen action , including agricultural takeovers , had an important effect in saving New York ’s community gardens in the 1990s ; Matovu pointed out that by 2009 , government needs to recognize the benefits of urban agriculture and prioritize it more formally .
“ We ’re saying to the politicians : people are here , they ’re farming in the city – follow them ! ”
Communities Working Together
Dedicated community members welcomed the group throughout the day .
In a very real way , strong community involvement has built each of the three gardens and farms – as well as many others around the city .
East New York has NYC ’s highest ratio of community gardens to residents ( because it also had such a high number of burned out vacant lots ) , and the East New York Community Gardening Coalition contributes actively to the neighborhood ’s thriving farmers ’ market .
Most recently , Hattie Carthan Community Garden secured a new piece of land from the city , right next to the original site .
After a major community effort to clean it of tires , animal bones , syringes , and other trash , the space is being transformed into a raised - bed children ’s garden and will soon host a new farmers ’ market .
Over an internationally - themed lunch at Hattie Carthan , featuring the garden ’s early spring greens , one garden member told the delegates , “ Even though people may be poor here , they ’ll never be hungry , because they can always eat from my garden . ”
Before lunch , Hattie Carthan Garden vice president Yonnette Fleming facilitated a community council , a traditional method of connecting and exploring common ground that she regularly employs to engage the community .
Delegates shared some of their work on sustainability in their own communities , from tree planting in New York State to preserve biodiversity — to tree planting in Niger to combat extreme desertification .
Many spoke about commonalities and inspiration they had found in Brooklyn .
“ This is more than a garden , ” observed Lesotho ’s ‘ Mota .
“ It ’s a space that reminds people what they should be doing in the world .
I see possibilities I ’ve never thought about before , for training and community education , even in my family ’s backyard garden . ”
George Matovu had not expected to spend time on productive farms in the largest city in the US .
“ You have reminded us to remember the land , even in the city , ” he said .
“ And you have reminded us that we should use the land for feeding people — the young , old , the poor , and the rich . ”
For more perspective on this event , read here
In a must - read post , Lawrence Wilkerson lets Cheney have it .
What people forget about Cheney is his rank incompetence - which he covers up with fear - mongering and sadism .
Very few things have enraged me as much recently - not even the thieves and con-artists at AIG - as that disgraceful , repellent , and deeply dishonest CNN interview Cheney gave last Sunday .
Truly a low - point in that man 's gutter - level conduct of public office .
Money quote from Wilkerson :
The fourth unknown is the ad hoc intelligence philosophy that was developed to justify keeping many of these people , called the mosaic philosophy .
Simply stated , this philosophy held that it did not matter if a detainee were innocent .
Indeed , because he lived in Afghanistan and was captured on or near the battle area , he must know something of importance ( this general philosophy , in an even cruder form , prevailed in Iraq as well , helping to produce the nightmare at Abu Ghraib ) .
All that was necessary was to extract everything possible from him and others like him , assemble it all in a computer program , and then look for cross-connections and serendipitous incidentals -- in short , to have sufficient information about a village , a region , or a group of individuals , that dots could be connected and terrorists or their plots could be identified .
Thus , as many people as possible had to be kept in detention for as long as possible to allow this philosophy of intelligence gathering to work .
The detainees ' innocence was inconsequential .
After all , they were ignorant peasants for the most part and mostly Muslim to boot .
The torture of individuals whose guilt or innocence is unknown is the mark of barbarism .
The treatment of human beings as sub-human is equally the mark of the forces of anti-civilization .
From the beginning in this struggle against evil , Cheney has been , as he proudly declares , on the dark side .
And operating from within .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Get this Recent Comments Widget
Mail tips , comments to : macrobrooklyn ( AT ) gmail.com
Mail tips , comments to : macrobrooklyn ( AT ) gmail.com
All material Copyright MK Metz 2015 unless otherwise stated .
I work as a scientist in the area of coating nanotechnology , or more precisely in the development of so called nano sputtering methods .
Nano sputtering is a way to position single atoms or clusters of many atoms onto a surface to form a pattern with a nanometer thickness .
Often the result is rather random ; it is a little bit like firing off a shotgun against a wall with the atoms as shots .
My research is aiming for methods to fine - tune the sputtering in order to achieve a desired pattern and thickness instead of just a random pattern , and I did recently a quite fantastic discovery I would like to disclose at your web site .
An important parameter is the Diertmann - Zeigler value ( d/z value ) which easily can be understood as the lateral spin energy of the atom when the Möbier coefficient is set to 1 in the equation below :
When the d/z value is continually changed from 0.24 ( which is focal zero point ) to 9.56 ( which is van Haank ’s theoretical maximum ) the achieved atom pattern should according to the theory be totally random .
However , according to my findings there is one single value ( d/z = 1.115 ) which does not give a random pattern , but always exactly the same pattern ( see below ) .
The d/z value 1.115 is equal to π/e and obviously a natural constant which I hereby would like to denominate the spaghetti constant s .
Dr. Erik Ronne
It 's not the tax free packages that are driving up healthcare access costs : it 's the tolls exacted by the insurance companies who control those packages that arbitrarily and capriciously rise to pay off a bloated Corporatocracy .
Workers having access to too much health care is not driving up the costs : rapacious Pharma , unchecked corporate hospital chains , overpaid CEO's , CFO's and their mistresses , corrupt and complicit bureaucrats , and donations to Max Baucus are why health - care is expensive .
And do n't even get me started on how expensive lead plated insurance is after paying ever increasing deductibles and co-pays .
Also , I do n't believe I 've ever had premium free insurance in my life , except ... wait a minute , that 's right , when I was a public servant receiving publicly provided healthcare in the Navy .
My grandpa used to sell me on the military with his VA benefits .
They were n't perfect , but , he was grateful to have them after retiring as a Chief Master Sargeant in the USAF with 20 years of service .
You may wish to reconsider who it is you serve .
Now , if by workers , you mean gilded - pantied executive pigs and sausage collar senators , then yes Max , you might be on to something .
Calling these bloated blights " workers " would however , be a contradiction in terms .
I suggest you check your facts Max .
Even Montanans are not happy with you , so who is it that you 're representing ?
UPDATE -
The Obama administration and Senate Democrats are debating a health care reform outline that will insist upon a public option for insurance but leave open the possibility for it to be kicked in via triggers .
Schumer says this -
Holy crap .
This is huge .
On many levels .
First , Iowa and Vermont both making marriage legal within days of each other , that creates the sense of a trend .
Second , in Vermont , the legislature made marriage legal .
Not the courts , the legislature .
Why does this matter ?
Because Republicans have been arguing for years that the problem with gay marriage is that THE COURTS are making these decisions , rather than the people via their elected representatives .
Well , today the people made the decision to legalize same - gender marriages through their elected representatives .
What will Republicans say now ?
We ’ve met their test , and passed .
Either the GOP simply hates gays , or they need to admit that we won , fair and square , even by the rules they set down .
From the Human Rights Campaign :
So it ’s Monday and it ’s springtime and staying inside and working is …well , not fun ( even though it ’s a blessing for most of us to have jobs , I know , I know ) .
Good thing Michele Bachmann is thinking of us poor slobs and going about her business of saying ridiculous things in public !
Here she is talking about ObaMao Tse Tung ’s verrrryy scccaarrrry plan to ZOMG PAY PEOPLE TO DO PUBLIC SERVICE !!!!
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Mar 26 , 2009
This post was featured on the Scala website .
It is advised to jump there first and then sneak back here … eventually .
A couple weeks back I came across a post on creating the simplest possible BASIC DSL written in Scala by Szymon Jachim .
The implementation itself was dead simple to understand , but I suspected it was due to the fact that it only provided GOTO and PRINT .
The title of the post was ease of making DSLs in Scala – nobody cares , which was unfortunate because I think that many people care , including myself , so I took it upon myself to extend the DSL to be a pseudo - implementation of Tiny BASIC .
In a nutshell , I found that it was simple to create an internal DSL providing a simple dialect of BASIC using Scala .
There were some sticking points , which I will touch on later , but overall it was a joy .
The code is available for public consumption , so feel free to try it , criticize it , and / or improve it .
I find it retains its simplicity even after extending the original to provide additional forms and functions .
Here is a simple Lunar Lander game written in Baysick .
[ sourcecode lang = ” bas ” gist = ” 122994 ″ ] object Lunar extends Baysick { def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) = { 10 PRINT “ Welcome to Baysick Lunar Lander v0.9 ” 20 LET ( ‘ dist := 100 ) 30 LET ( ‘v := 1 ) 40 LET ( ‘ fuel := 1000 ) 50 LET ( ‘ mass := 1000 )
60 PRINT " You are drifting towards the moon . "
70 PRINT " You must decide how much fuel to burn . "
80 PRINT " To accelerate enter a positive number " 90 PRINT " To decelerate a negative " 100 PRINT " Distance " % ' dist % " km , " % " Velocity " % 'v % " km/s , " % " Fuel " % ' fuel 110 INPUT ' burn 120 IF ABS ( ' burn ) <= ' fuel THEN 150 130 PRINT " You do n't have that much fuel " 140 GOTO 100 150 LET ( 'v := 'v + ' burn * 10 / ( ' fuel + ' mass ) ) 160 LET ( ' fuel := ' fuel - ABS ( ' burn ) ) 170 LET ( ' dist := ' dist - ' v ) 180 IF ' dist > 0 THEN 100 190 PRINT
" You have hit the surface " 200 IF 'v < 3 THEN 240 210 PRINT
" Hit surface too fast ( " % 'v % " ) km/ s " 220 PRINT " You Crashed ! " 230 GOTO 250 240 PRINT " Well done " 250 END RUN
} } [ / sourcecode ]
Notes
Variables are denoted with the single quote which corresponds to Scala ’s symbol literals
The assignment operator is the Pascal - like :=
The append operator for the PRINT form is %
Only integer math is supported Strings cannot ( currently ) be compared using the relational operators Usage of Scala code within the BASIC forms is not fully supported
There are currently only 6 math functions : ABS SQRT + - * and /
Issues
As has been mentioned by innumerable programmers advocating ( and deriding ) DSLs , you are often constrained by the host language in the grammar , error reporting , and hosting capabilities of your DSL .
While Scala allows you to support bizarre grammars without significantly increasing the complexity , it does not necessarily facilitate a simple way to provide solid error reporting and hosting .
This is not necessarily a limitation of Scala per se , but instead for general purpose languages .
In order to effectively build a wide range of DSLs divorced from their underlying host we need a language that is especially geared toward building DSLs .
The two important language features that Scala provides that makes it especially conducive for DSLs are operator notation and implicits .
Usually , a language is considered DSL - friendly if it allows you to omit the dot on a method call , but a really powerful DSL metalanguage would have to go much much further than that .
For some strange reason I could not coax Scala into allowing my LET forms to be parenthesis free .
I assume that it is an error on my part , but I was never able to solve it before my artificial deadline expired .
Todo
A subroutine facility via GOSUB and RETURN Allow strings to be compared using the relation operators
So there you have it — Baysick : A Scala DSL Implementing BASIC .
-m
This post is by Jesse Galef , who works for the American Humanist Association
…
Via William Lobdell ‘s blog , I found Dinesh D’Souzu ‘s vapid piece in Christianity Today entitled “ Why We Need Earthquakes . ”
In it , he explains why earthquakes cause suffering but are really just another sign that God loves us .
I could n’t help but notice some eerie parallels .
“ If he ’s hurting me , it must be for my own good .
I know he loves me . ”
“ It ’s my fault .
I should have obeyed him better . ”
“ He ’s just checking up on me , testing me . ”
Do these sound like an abusive relationship or religious attempts to reconcile suffering with a just and loving god ?
Hard to tell , is n’t it .
I ’m not saying that being religious is like being in an abusive relationship .
But the same turmoil arises whenever a person tries to hold these two thoughts in their head : 1 ) this person loves me 2 ) this person is hurting me .
The result is either a distorted idea of love or a distorted idea of hurt .
But the most damning similarity – in all three major monothesitic traditions – is :
“ If I leave him I ’ll be punished . ”
I can think of no better time to show this video of Alister McGrath and Christopher Hitchens on whether religion is voluntary or imposed :
[ EDIT : Apparently I can’t embed videos in my current capacity .
Until we get that sorted out , I recommend clicking the link above .
it ’s really quite an impressive exchange . ]
EDIT the second : I just typed up a quick transcript of the exchange :
While researching some MTV footage on YouTube today I stumbled across this absolutely fabulous 1982 advert for the Atari 2600 version of Defender and just had to share it with you .
I mean , listen to the amazing lyrics .
And look at that guy - see how glamorous gaming was back then ?
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Barring a miracle , California lawmakers will miss their June 15 deadline for passing a balanced budget -- a staggering challenge with the state facing a $ 24.3 billion shortfall amid the worst drop in state revenues since the Great Depression .
Observers of the most populous U.S. state ’s political scene laugh at the idea of a budget deal by Monday .
“ It ’s about as likely as me being named MVP of the Stanley Cup final , ” said Dan Schnur , director of the Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California .
Lawmakers have in prior years routinely disregarded the deadline .
How their two chambers are looking to solve the current budget mess point to another blown deadline .
Democrats who control the legislature are not on the same page on how to fill the budget gap , though they dislike Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s plan , especially its proposal to eliminate the state ’s welfare system .
He also has proposed filling the gaping budget hole for the fiscal year beginning on July 1 with steep spending cuts , layoffs and furloughs of state employees .
Citing the state ’s weak economy and double - digit unemployment rate , the movie star - turned politician has ruled out new taxes , which has raised his standing with the legislature ’s unruly and anti-tax Republican minority .
Schwarzenegger on Wednesday sounded like congressional Republicans of the 1990s by threatening a government shutdown .
He said it is an option if lawmakers steer toward an emergency loan to help keep the state ’s finances afloat rather than concentrate on closing the budget shortfall .
“ What we need to do is just to basically cut off all the funding and just let them have a taste of what it is like when the state comes to a shutdown -- grinding halt , ” Schwarzenegger told the editorial board of the Los Angeles Times .
DEMOCRATS UNDER PRESSURE
Schwarzenegger also urged Democrats to ignore lobbying by their union allies against sharply lower spending levels to help balance the state ’s books .
“ Do they want to protect the workers that provide the services , or do they want to protect the people that get those services ?
The choice is up to them , ” he said .
His blunt talk came as the Service Employees International Union launched an advertising campaign against his budget plan , a threat to many of its 700,000 members in the state .
Other groups that stand to lose under his plan , including local governments fearing its proposal to borrow $ 2 billion of their money , are stepping up lobbying against it .
Democratic leaders especially are feeling the heat .
“ They ’re caught between satisfying the ideological needs of their members ’ funders and the need to work toward a budget compromise , ” Schnur said .
“ Republicans also feel the same pressure from their members ’ funders , but it just so happens it ’s the Democrats turn to face it in public . ”
State Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg has said spending cuts are inevitable , but he opposes Schwarzenegger ’s plan for scrapping state programs .
Instead , he wants to tap reserves in the governor ’s plan to maintain the programs -- an idea State Treasurer Bill Lockyer , also a Democrat , dislikes because he wants a healthy reserve to help assure investors the state can pay the $ 7 billion to $ 9 billion in short - term debt his office assumes the state must sell .
Assembly Democrats have yet to unveil their budget concept .
Members expect to swallow spending cuts but are discussing possibly raising revenues , most likely through fees of various kinds .
That would rankle Republicans and invite the effective veto their numbers give them on spending plans .
Without Democrats unified , Monday ’s deadline will pass without a budget , and Schwarzenegger will increasingly brandish sticks at them because “ There are n’t any carrots left , ” said Republican political consultant Wayne Johnson .
“ If there are n’t enough dollars to go around , somebody has to decide who gets a check and who doesn’t , ” Johnson said .
“ The situation is n’t going to get any better . ”
I Hate LA
Posted by Pete Berg on Monday , June 8th , 2009 at 12:50 am
For any of you thinking of moving out here to the City of Angels , you should probably watch this first .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
Running big public companies is hard work , so many executives get a little help to keep their noses to the grindstone .
Use of company jets , cars and drivers , free home security , free financial planning advice and country club memberships .
Some of these perquisites , or perks , keep coming after retirement .
Even in death , the money keeps flowing in the form of so - called golden coffins .
In the midst of the worst global financial crisis since the Great Depression , public anger against executive compensation and benefits has reached fever pitch , so some perks may be on the way out .
Here are some of the most egregious perks from the golden era of executive compensation , according to corporate governance experts .
1 . The parting perk
Jack Welch ran General Electric GE , +1.83 % for two decades , turning the industrial conglomerate into one of the most successful companies in the world and cementing a legacy as one of the best chief executives ever .
He also negotiated an employment and retirement agreement in 1996 that included all the perks a hard - working executive could ever need , making Welch a noted leader in this area too .
The year after he retired on Sept. 30 , 2001 , Welch got roughly $ 2.5 million in perks under the agreement , according to the Securities and Exchange Commission , which charged GE in 2004 with failing to tell shareholders enough about the package .
The perks included access to GE aircraft for unlimited personal use and for business travel ; exclusive use of a furnished New York City apartment that , according to GE , in 2003 , had a rental value of roughly $ 50,000 a month and a resale value of more than $ 11 million ; unrestricted access to a chauffeured limousine driven by security professionals ; a leased Mercedes Benz ; office space in New York City and Connecticut ; professional estate and tax advice ; a personal assistant ; communications systems and networks at Welch 's homes , including television , fax , phone and computer systems , with technical support ; bodyguard security for speaking engagements ; installation of a security system in one of Welch 's homes and continued maintenance of security systems GE previously installed in three of Welch 's other homes .
Retired CEO and Chairman of General Electric Jack Welch .
Reuters
More perks were alleged in 2002 during Welch 's divorce from his wife at the time , Jane Beasley Welch .
Papers filed in the case disclosed floor - level seats at New York Knicks games , courtside seats at the U.S. Open and some dining bills at Jean Georges , a three - star Michelin restaurant where the tasting menu currently costs almost $ 150 per person .
All costs associated with the New York apartment were allegedly covered in the package too , including wine , food , laundry , toiletries and newspapers .
Realizing he faced " a huge perception problem , " Welch quickly gave up most of the perks , according to a 2005 interview in the Boston Globe .
However , he did n't apologize , telling the newspaper the benefits were part of a contract that helped GE keep him at the company longer .
2. Office renovations
Fast - forward to early this year and another well respected CEO faced a similar dilemma .
John
Thain , the former head of NYSE Euronext NYX , was hired by Merrill Lynch in late 2007 to steer the struggling brokerage firm through the financial crisis .
Soon after his appointment , Thain spent $ 1.2 million to renovate his new office , two conference rooms and a reception area .
Furniture included a $ 35,113.50 " commode on legs , " a $ 68,178 19th century credenza and a pair of guest chairs costing $ 87,783 .
The decorating spree emerged in January , a few months after government bailouts of the largest U.S. banks and Wall Street firms , including Merrill .
Thain quickly said he would reimburse the firm for all the expenses , calling them " a mistake in the light of the world we live in today . "
3. ' Stay bonus , ' even if you 're dead
Some companies are so keen to hold on to executives that they promise big pay and benefits even if the talent dies -- in contracts known as golden coffins .
Life insurance policies worth millions of dollars are the least controversial part of these packages -- even though buying such coverage without company help should n't be too difficult for executives pulling in six or seven figures a year .
A peek under the lid of several golden coffins also reveals big severance payments , pensions and continued salaries if executives pass away .
Abercrombie & Fitch ANF , +0.82 % agreed to pay Chief Executive Michael Jefferies a $ 6 million " stay bonus " to keep him running the successful fashion clothing retailer , according to its 2007 proxy statement .
If Jefferies dies , the bonus stays and is paid out , along with $ 10 million from a company - purchased life insurance policy , to his estate .
The retailer would also pay some of his incentive compensation , bringing the golden coffin's value to more than $ 17 million , assuming he died on Feb. 2 , 2008 , according to the proxy .
4. Gross-ups
If General Dynamics GD , +0.29 % Chief Executive Nicholas Chabraja died at the end of 2008 , his estate would have received almost $ 30 million , according to the ship and airplane builder 's latest proxy statement .
That includes a lump - sum cash payment of $ 8.56 million in lieu of his use of corporate aircraft and reimbursement for office space , administrative support and moving expenses .
It also includes the cost of paying taxes on those benefits -- known as gross ups .
Many companies are eliminating gross-ups , but there were still some spectacular examples in recent years .
If Nabors Industries Chief Executive Eugene Isenberg died , became disabled or was terminated without cause at the end of 2007 , the oil - services company would have paid more than $ 260 million in cash severance , according to its proxy filed in April 2008 .
If Isenberg was let go because there was a change in control of the company , Nabors NBR , +2.94 % would have covered the tax on the severance and other payments for total gross-ups of more than $ 114 million , the proxy explained .
5 . Tax preparation
Unfortunately for CEOs , they do n't have all their taxes paid by the companies they run .
This can lead to a time - consuming process known as filing a personal tax return .
Big salaries , stock options , restricted stock awards and other forms of compensation can make tax returns tricky .
So companies sometimes cover the cost of professional tax preparation and financial advice for their CEOs .
Occidental Petroleum OXY , +1.20 % provided Chief Executive Ray Irani with $ 403,285 in tax preparation and financial planning services in 2008 .
That 's nearly eight times the median U.S. household income and more than the $ 400,000 salary of the President of the United States , according to the AFL - CIO , a union group .
Irani received $ 49.9 million in direct compensation last year , making him one of the highest paid executives in the U.S. , according to the Wall Street Journal .
See CEO pay survey at WSJ.com .
6. Keeping the CEO safe
If companies are paying top dollar to attract and retain the best executives , some figure it 's only right to protect the investment as much as possible .
Affiliated Computer Services ACS , +145.45 % spent more than $ 1.7 million from 2004 through 2007 for security systems , advice and equipment along with " personal protection services " for Chairman and founder Darwin Deason , according to the company 's 2007 proxy statement .
7. Country club memberships
On the rare occasion it 's safe to leave home , some CEOs like to unwind at country clubs .
Companies say there 's a business purpose for this perk : hobnobbing with other executives can lead to new deals and ideas .
Countrywide Financial , now owned by Bank of America BAC , +1.24 % , paid more than $ 940,000 in country club memberships for CEO Angelo Mozilo and other executives including Stanford Kurland , David Sambol and Eric Sieracki from 2003 through 2006 , according to proxy statements filed by the mortgage giant .
The money covered monthly dues , assessments , fees and business - related meals , Countrywide said , adding that " a significant portion " of the memberships were for " business purposes . "
Mattel MAT , +2.00 % paid $ 150,000 last year to cover a country club initiation fee for CEO Robert Eckert .
The toymaker spent another $ 233,620 on country club memberships for other executives and on additional perks including company cars , financial advice and tax preparation , physicals ( for spouses , too ) and home - security systems , according to its latest proxy .
8. Cars and gas
Mattel CEO also gets a company - issued credit card that he can use to gas up his car .
Ford Motor Co. F , +0.53 % and General Motors GM , +2.14 % provide executives with two free cars a year and free gas as part of broader " vehicle evaluation " programs that require managers to give the companies feedback on how their vehicles are performing .
9 . Execs , families fly in style
But why drive when you can fly ?
In 2006 , Ford paid $ 517,560 so executive Mark Fields could fly to work in Michigan from his Florida home and back on weekends on the company 's aircraft .
The automaker and Fields agreed to change the perk and now he commutes first class , at a cost of roughly $ 29,000 a year , according to the company 's latest proxy .
Ford still covers the tax on this perk .
Ford Motor Co. President and CEO Alan Mulally speaks at a new conference in Michigan May 6 , 2009 .
Reuters
Ford also paid for the family of CEO Alan Mulally to fly between Michigan and Seattle , Wash .
They used to fly on company aircraft , but the automaker is selling its planes .
Ford will now charter private aircraft for the CEO , and his family will be allowed to travel with him on trips .
Ford will also pay for coach - class flights for Mulally 's family when they travel at his request .
Qwest Communications Q , +2.49 % paid for the wife and minor child of CEO Edward Mueller to fly on the telecom company 's aircraft between California and Colorado during the first half of 2008 , as part of a package of relocation benefits .
Qwest also paid the tax on these perks , according to its latest proxy .
In 2007 , Mattel paid $ 18,833 to cover the cost of house - hunting trips by the spouse of Neil Friedman , president of Mattel Brands , ahead of his planned relocation from New York to Los Angeles , according to the toymaker 's proxy covering that year .
10 . Plum pensions
After decades of tireless service , CEOs deserve a comfortable retirement .
If they have n't managed to save some of their prodigious earnings , some companies make sure the money keeps flowing .
By the end of 2005 , Pfizer CEO Hank McKinnell had accrued a pension that the drugmaker estimated was worth more than $ 83 million , or more than $ 6.5 million a year , according to its proxy statement filed in 2006 .
Just Tank One
Just Tank One .
Congratulations - you ’ve come all this way and you finally have a few auditions .
It ’s a scary process to have worked so hard to get past one obstacle only to find yourself staring into the jaws of an entirely different beast .
This one is bigger , meaner , and more direct .
When we set ourselves up with fruitful situations and they finally flower into true opportunity , we have put in the legwork on the business side .
Almost forgot about the creative side , eh ?
How terrifying it is to be judged in a matter of seconds and perhaps roasted over the proverbial fire after much sacrifice .
Sometimes , it is a matter of focus : when all of the conditions are n’t perfect , how can we still dig down and find that concentration to do what we know to be right as it pertains to our craft ?
To me , if we do n’t test ourselves under these circumstances , there will always be some form of doubt which can negatively creep over our subconscious and have quite an adverse effect on our performance .
Simple solution : tank one .
I kid you not , there is nothing more liberating than being completely uncomfortable in your skin for whatever reason and throwing that uncertainty in front of a casting director .
In the moment , it feels wrong and you may even feel intense self - disappointment , but the minute you walk out of that door and back to your car ( which if you ’re in LA most likely has two or more parking tickets by now ) you might be surprised to find yourself breathing a sigh of relief and muttering “ that was n’t so bad . ”
That ’s an “ A - ha ! ” moment we all need to experience as actors .
My first stand up comedy open mic was nerve racking .
I was on stage in front of angry comics waiting impatiently for the open mic show to begin .
I had spent the better part of the previous few days furiously memorizing almost 8 minutes of original material I had pulled in from all over my radar .
This personal connection to the material only multiplies the pressure .
I was to work the timing out on the fly and foolishly thought I could utilize my improv comedy skill set interchangeably with seasoned comedic rhythm ( the latter of which I had n’t in the slightest ) .
Just as I was about to begin , the organizer , who happened to own the comedy club , asked me how many minutes I had prepared .
I told him “ around eight . ”
He replied “ well , you have three . ”
I had twenty seconds to gather my thoughts and then I launched into my bit ( albeit now more streamlined ) .
Guess what ?
I felt rushed ; off of my game ; unclear in my segues and an uncomfortable disconnection with my audience .
It was n’t that bad .
I even got a laugh .
I can vividly remember how that felt - to feel naked and somewhat violated on stage ; completely insecure and self aware .
No props .
No fellow actors .
Kind of like a lot of auditions I go to …imperfect conditions where adjustments need to be made in an instant without a lot with which to work with .
When you know that at your absolute worst you can still walk away mentally unscathed from an audition , this thick skin / experience gives you a leg up the next time around .
My challenge : do some open mic comedy or toss an audition on purpose or both .
I promise this rite of passage will serve you well in your acting future .
Reuters is reporting that an agreement has been reached on a " cash - for - guzzlers " bill which would reward owners of old , inefficient vehicles who trade them for newer , more fuel efficient models .
The bill would be part of the Obama administration 's ongoing efforts to address the issue of climate change .
The agreement was announced after a number of lawmakers from auto making states met with President Obama at the White House today .
The plan offers drivers up to $ 4,500 in vouchers that would be used to replace their old cars with new fuel efficient models .
A $ 3,500 voucher would be given for trading in a car with less than 18 mpg for a new one with at least 22 mpg .
$ 4,500 would be provided if the new car gets at least 10 mpg more than the old one .
This bill should give drivers another reason to consider hybrid and electric vehicles , and stimulate car sales in the process .
The goal is to sell 1 million cars .
It is widely expected that the Democratic majority in Congress will pass the legislation as soon as possible .
Your electric car may have just gotten cheaper .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Stephen Friedman , chairman of the New York Federal Reserve ’s board of directors , resigned on Thursday amid questions about stock purchases in his former firm Goldman Sachs .
The purchases of Goldman Sachs occurred after the firm became a bank holding company .
Denis Hughes , the deputy chair of the board , will take over Friedman ’s role , the New York Fed said .
CHICAGO , Illinois ( CNN ) -- Impeached former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , who was arrested in December on charges of conspiracy and fraud , was indicted Thursday on 16 felony counts by a federal grand jury , the U.S. attorney 's office said .
Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is facing such charges as racketeering , conspiracy and wire fraud .
The 19 - count indictment charges Blagojevich and some of his closest aides and advisers with a wide - ranging " scheme to deprive the people of Illinois of honest government , " according to a statement by the attorney 's office .
Blagojevich , 52 , faces charges including racketeering , conspiracy , wire fraud and making false statements to investigators , according to the release .
Three counts in the indictment are against the aides and advisers .
In a written statement , Blagojevich maintained his innocence -- as he has done throughout a political soap opera that captivated the nation .
" I 'm saddened and hurt but I am not surprised by the indictment , " he said .
" I am innocent .
I now will fight in the courts to clear my name . "
Blagojevich was vacationing with his family in Florida on Thursday .
In video shot at a Disney resort outside Orlando , Florida , by CNN affiliate WESH - TV , he declined to comment on his legal situation .
He was filmed shortly before the indictments were handed down .
In the WESH video , the ex-governor was sitting near a pool at the resort .
" I 'm enjoying Disney World with my kids and I do n't think you 're supposed to be here , " said Blagojevich , after his wife attempted to shield him from the camera .
" I 'm happy to talk to you at the appropriate time . "
A man who identified himself only as " someone who knows who he is " then blocked the camera .
U.S. Sen . Dick Durbin , D - Illinois , said he hoped the former governor would n't use the announcement as a reason to hit the media circuit again .
" We can only hope the former governor will not view this indictment as a green light for another publicity tour , " he said .
" Rod Blagojevich deserves his day in court , but the people of Illinois deserve a break . "
Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , were arrested in December on federal corruption charges alleging that , among other things , they conspired to sell President Obama 's vacant U.S. Senate seat .
Harris and Blagojevich 's brother , Robert Blagojevich , were among the others indicted on Thursday .
In early January , federal Judge James Holderman gave the attorney 's office three additional months to decide whether to indict Blagojevich , who was impeached by the state legislature and removed from office .
That deadline ends Tuesday .
On Thursday , current Illinois Gov.
Pat Quinn called the charges a reminder for political leaders in the state to help stamp out corruption , and he pledged to " work night and day to clean up our government . "
" Today , more than ever , I 'm committed to making sure our government has fundamental reform from top to bottom , " said Quinn , also a Democrat and the former lieutenant governor who was appointed governor in January .
" We need to overhaul Illinois government to make sure everything is done right for the people . "
The charges are part of what investigators have dubbed " Operation Board Games , " an ongoing investigation into political corruption in the state .
Among the specific claims in the 75 - page indictment are that Blagojevich schemed with others in 2002 , even before he took office , to use his position to make money , which they would split after he left office .
Blagojevich is accused of denying state business to companies that would not hire his wife , extorting campaign contributions from a children 's hospital that was set to get state money and pressuring a racetrack executive to give political contributions before the governor signed a gambling bill .
The indictment said that after Obama was elected president , Blagojevich began meeting with others to figure out a way he could make money from his position to appoint a replacement senator .
It said Blagojevich asked others , including state employees , to contact people who may be interested in the seat , and that he believed an associate of someone referred to in the indictment as " Senate Candidate A " had offered $ 1.5 million in campaign contributions in exchange for the appointment .
He had asked his brother to meet with an associate of " Senate Candidate A " and say that some of those contributions needed to come through before he made the appointment , but the meeting was canceled after a newspaper article reported that Blagojevich had been recorded talking about selling the seat .
A lengthy FBI affidavit alleges that Blagojevich was intercepted on court - authorized wiretaps trying to profit from the Senate vacancy .
The indictment said that Blagojevich communicated " directly and with the assistance of others " with people he believed were in contact with Obama , trying to gain political favor by possibly appointing someone the president - elect supported .
He ultimately appointed a former state comptroller and attorney general , Roland Burris , who was seated in the Senate despite protests from the chamber 's Democratic leaders .
Those leaders said a special election should be called because of the controversy over the appointment .
" The U.S. Attorney 's indictment serves to confirm the public 's long - standing distrust of former Gov. Blagojevich and his administration , and it underscores the culture of corruption that has afflicted our state for far too long , " state Attorney General Lisa Madigan said in a written statement .
" While this is a terrible day in Illinois history , it is also a moment in which we can recognize an opportunity for real reform . "
Thursday 's charges supersede the ones filed in December .
The Illinois House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly in January to impeach Blagojevich , accusing him of abusing his gubernatorial power .
Blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of the 15 most serious charges in the indictment , and five years on a single indictment of making false statements .
The government also charges that Blagojevich has bought property with money he got illegally , and is going after homes he owns in Chicago and Washington .
" I would ask the good people of Illinois to wait for the trial and afford me the presumption of innocence that they would give to all their friends and neighbors , " Blagojevich , who was vacationing with his family , said in the statement .
In addition to the Blagojevich brothers and Harris , also charged in the indictments were businessman and fundraiser Christopher Kelly , 50 ; lobbyist and longtime Blagojevich associate Alonzo Monk , 50 ; and William F. Cellini Sr. , 74 , another businessman who raised money for Blagojevich .
All About Rod Blagojevich • Illinois • Roland Burris
But the technology is expensive and can work in only a limited number of places , like the tropics , where there is a large difference in temperature between the ocean ’s layers .
This excludes many major population centers , although proponents hope that Florida and the Gulf Coast could also be markets .
( Other types of ocean energy being explored would harness the tides and waves . )
Meanwhile , Lockheed is developing a test cold - water pipe  to be 13 feet in diameter and 40 feet long  in a laboratory in Sunnyvale , Calif .
Last year , Gov. Linda Lingle of Hawaii announced a partnership between Lockheed and the Industrial Technology Research Institute in Taiwan to build a test plant in Hawaii .
Lockheed says it hopes to obtain financing for the project from the Defense and Energy Departments , as well as from the private sector ; if enough is available , the company says it would like to have the platform working by 2013 .
A Japanese engineering company , Xenesys , is also exploring ocean thermal energy for Cuba and Tahiti , among other countries .
Lockheed and the federal government have worked on this type of energy before , after the 1970s oil crises .
In 1979 , a 50 - kilowatt test project was briefly run off the coast of Hawaii ’s Big Island .
Financing for ocean - energy projects was slashed significantly by the Reagan administration , and Lockheed abandoned its pursuit of the technology in the mid-1980s .
Proponents say that since the last attempt to develop it , the technology has improved enormously .
Offshore oil platforms similar to the platforms needed for the ocean energy system have become more sophisticated , for example in their ability to withstand hurricanes and to moor in deeper water .
In theory the technology could , among other uses , provide substantial amounts of power to Hawaii and other warm - water sites and also be used in floating power plants making industrial products like ammonia .
However , such goals are distant .
Türkische Aktivisten um einen Hacker , der unter dem Pseudonym " m0sted " bekannt geworden ist , sollen zweimal Server der US - Army gekapert haben .
Sie lenkten Zugriffe auf andere Websites um , auf denen sich zu diesem Zeitpunkt politische Parolen befanden , berichtet die Information Week .
Dem Bericht zufolge gehen Ermittler der US - Regierung davon aus , dass in beiden Fällen mittels SQL - Injection eine Sicherheitslücke im Microsoft - Datenbankserver ausgenutzt wurde .
Anscheinend handelte es sich um politisch motivierte Aktionen ; es gibt offenbar keine Hinweise , dass auf geheime Daten zugegriffen wurde .
Der Angriff auf den Server der Army - Munitionsfabrik McAlester in Oklahoma fand dem Bericht zufolge am 26 .
Januar statt .
Er lenkte auf eine Website um , auf der gegen den Klimawandel protestiert wurde .
Bereits im September 2007 knackte dieselbe Gruppe den Server des Army Corps of Engineers in Winchester , Virginia , und entführte die Nutzer auf eine Seite mit anti-amerikanischem und anti-israelischem Inhalt .
Der Hacker " m0sted " war offenbar auch am Defacement der UN - Homepage im August 2007 beteiligt .
Auch bei einem
Hack der malaysischen Kasperky - Website im Juli 2008 tauchte sein Name auf . ( cp )
At this moment , a trial is underway in India .
This trial , named the TIPS trial , involves a new medication — a so - called “ polypill ” — which contains three antihypertensive drugs , a statin , and aspirin .
Its researchers enthuse that it may cut the risk of cardiovascular disease by half in healthy people .
So far , the study has shown that the side effects of this medication are minimal , or at least not any worse than those of any of the individual components alone .
It ’s also demonstrated small but significant reductions in blood pressure and cholesterol .
The bigger question is : why do we think we really need this medication in the first place ?
What these researchers and others before them have done is taken a representative swath of humanity and labeled them as “ healthy . ”
The JUPITER trial , for example , looked at using a statin for so - called “ healthy ” individuals and found that it reduced their risk of cardiovascular events .
However , these people were n’t healthy .
Average , yes ; representative of the United States population , yes .
Healthy , no .
Seventy - five percent of the subjects in the JUPITER trial were overweight or obese and also had a blood test abnormality .
Similarly , in the TIPs study the subjects did not have pre-existing cardiovascular disease but did have type 2 diabetes , increased waist - to - hip ratio , abnormal lipids , high blood pressure , or a history of recent smoking .
In other words , not “ healthy . ”
Notable , too , is the fact that each and every one of the things that renders these individuals unhealthy is almost entirely preventable with lifestyle modifications .
The fact that legitimate research is being conducted on this “ polypill ” is a sad commentary on the faith that the healthcare industry has in people to save themselves .
Although the researchers in the TIPS trial point out that their medication is not intended to be a substitute for diet and exercise , as Dr. Clyde Yancy , medical director of the Baylor Heart Institute in Dallas , was quoted in Clinical Endocrinology News , “ There is nothing more effective than modifying lifestyle , but people may tend to dismiss that concept if they believe a pill is lowering their risk of heart disease . ”
In a few years , we ’ll get the final results on the TIPS trial .
I predict that it will show a benefit .
I also predict that the drug will be heavily marketed to people who have had the power to lower their risk of cardiovascular disease in their own hands all along .
It is up to us to decide if we want our health to be determined by our own efforts or those of the pharmaceutical industry .
References
Xavier , D. , Pais , P. , Sigamani , A. , Pogue , J. , Afzal , R. , & Yusuf , S. ( 2008 ) .
The need to test the theories behind the Polypill : rationale behind the Indian Polycap Study Nature Clinical Practice Cardiovascular Medicine , 6 ( 2 ) , 96-97 DOI : 10.1038/ncpcardio1438
Ridker , P. , Danielson , E. , Fonseca , F. , Genest , J. , Gotto , A. , Kastelein , J. , Koenig , W. , Libby , P. , Lorenzatti , A. , MacFadyen , J. , Nordestgaard , B. , Shepherd , J. , Willerson , J. , Glynn , R. , & , . ( 2008 ) .
Rosuvastatin to Prevent Vascular Events in Men and Women with Elevated C- Reactive Protein New England Journal of Medicine , 359 ( 21 ) , 2195 -2207 DOI : 10.1056/NEJMoa0807646
AL Kennedy
The joy of writing for a living is that you get to do it all the time .
The misery is that you have to , whether you 're in the mood or not .
I would n't be the first writer to point out that doing something so deeply personal does become less jolly when you have to keep on at it , day after cash - generating day .
To use a not ridiculous analogy : Sex = nice thing .
Sex For Cash = probably less fun , perhaps morally uncomfy and psychologically unwise .
Sitting alone in a room for hours while essentially talking in your head about people you made up earlier and then writing it down for no one you know does have many aspects which are not inherently fulfilling .
Then again , making something out of nothing , overturning the laws of time and space , building something for strangers just because you think they might like it and hours of absence from self – that 's fantastic .
And then it 's over , which is even better .
I 'm with RLStevenson – having written – that 's the good bit .
Amit Chaudhuri
Amit Chaudhuri
Writing novels is no fun ; nor is , generally speaking , reading novels .
Reading people writing about novels is not always fun , either , because relatively little of this kind of writing is any good .
Then there 's the group of people who do n't enjoy being novelists , to which I probably belong ; whose lives are at once shaped and defined by , and to some extent entrapped in , the act of writing fiction .
I still find it difficult to believe that I 'm something called a ' novelist ' ; but this has n't stopped me from dreaming , frequently , of alternative professions : second - hand bookshop owner ; corporate worker ; cinematographer .
There are many reasons for this unease .
One of them is a fundamental discomfort with narrative itself , and involves admitting to yourself that you derive your basic pleasure not from knowing what happens next , but from arrested time or eventlessness ; this makes you constantly wish , as you 're writing , that you were elsewhere , or it makes you work to make the novel accommodate that impulse .
Another reason is the professionalisation of the vocation , so that the novelist is supposed to produce novels as naturally , automatically , and regularly as a cow gives milk .
In such a constraining situation , money can certainly be a compensatory pleasure ; so can that paradoxical and sly addiction , failure .
Hari Kunzru
I get great pleasure from writing , but not always , or even usually .
Writing a novel is largely an exercise in psychological discipline – trying to balance your project on your chin while negotiating a minefield of depression and freak - out .
Beginning is daunting ; being in the middle makes you feel like Sisyphus ; ending sometimes comes with the disappointment that this finite collection of words is all that remains of your infinitely rich idea .
Along the way , there are the pitfalls of self - disgust , boredom , disorientation and a lingering sense of inadequacy , occasionally alternating with episodes of hysterical self - congratulation as you fleetingly believe you 've nailed that particular sentence and are surely destined to join the ranks of the immortals , only to be confronted the next morning with an appalling farrago of clichés that no sane human could read without vomiting .
But when you 're in the zone , spinning words like plates , there 's a deep sense of satisfaction and , yes , enjoyment …
John Banville
John Banville
Civilisation 's greatest single invention is the sentence .
In it , we can say anything .
That saying , however , is difficult and peculiarly painful .
Whether we are writing a novel or a letter to our bank manager , we have the eerie sensation that we are not so much writing as being written , that language in its insidious way is using us as a medium of expression and not vice versa .
The struggle of writing is fraught with a specialised form of anguish , the anguish of knowing one will never get it right , that one will always fail , and that all one can hope to do is ' fail better ' , as Beckett recommends .
The pleasure of writing is in the preparation , not the execution , and certainly not in the thing executed .
The novelist daily at his desk eats ashes , and if occasionally he encounters a diamond he is likely to break a tooth on it .
Money is necessary to pay the dentist 's bills .
Will Self
Will Self. Photograph : Murdo Macleod
I gain nothing but pleasure from writing fiction ; short stories are foreplay , novellas are heavy petting – but novels are the full monte .
Frankly , if I did n't enjoy writing novels I would n't do it – the world hardly needs any more and I can think of numerous more useful things someone with my skills could be engaged in .
As it is , the immersion in parallel but believable worlds satisfies all my demands for vicarious experience , voyeurism and philosophic calithenics .
I even enjoy the mechanics of writing , the dull timpani of the typewriter keys , the making of notes – many notes – and most seducttive of all : the buying of stationery .
That the transmogrification of my beautiful thoughts into a grossly imperfect prose is always the end result does n't faze me : all novels are only a version - there is no Platonic ideal .
But I 'd go further still : fiction is my way of thinking about and relating to the world ; if I do n't write I 'm not engaged in any praxis , and lose all purchase .
Joyce Carol Oates
Given that the act of writing provokes such misery , why do you do it ?
– here is the writer 's perennial riddle .
Every writer is asked this question , or its artful variants , and every writer comes up with some plausible answer , the most arresting of which would seem to have been Flannery O'Connor 's : " Because I 'm good at it . "
It 's rare that a writer – a literary writer , that is , like Colm Tóibín – will acknowledge that he writes for money , since most literary writers obviously do n't write for money – a prose fiction writer 's hourly wage , broken down into units , would be in the modest range of the US minimum wage of the 1950s – approximately $ 1 per hour .
And when Colm Tóibín began writing , he could have had no idea that he'd ever be paid , or even published ; obviously , the motive for the form of artful mimicry we call prose fiction goes much deeper , and is inaccessible to interviewers .
Recall that DH
Lawrence warned us to trust the tale , not the teller – the teller of fictions is likely to be a liar .
Darwinian evolutionary psychology suggests that none of us really knows what has made us what we are , still less why we behave so eccentrically as we do ; when we are pressed to explain ourselves , we invent .
In the Renaissance , poets claimed repeatedly that they wrote for posterity – to be " immortal . "
In religious communities , the creation of any art was for the glory of God .
In a capitalist society , one is likely to claim that one writes for the same purpose that everyone else produces a product - - for money .
To me , who has written for most of her adult life , in a number of genres and with wildly varying degrees of " enjoyment " and / or " misery " , it 's likely that writing is a conscious variant of a deep - motivated unconscious activity , like dreaming .
Why do we dream ?
No one seems to really know , just as no one seems to really know why we crave stories , even or especially stories we know to be fiction .
My experience of writing – of writing these very sentences , for instance – is invariably a blend of the initially " inspired " and the more exacting , or plodding , execution of inspiration .
Most writers find first drafts painfully difficult , like climbing a steep stairs , the end of which is n't in sight .
Only just persevere !
Eventually , you will get where you are gong , or so you hope .
And when you get there , you will not ask why ?
– the relief you feel is but a brief breathing spell , before beginning again with another inspiration , another draft , another steep climb .
" I always say , my motto is ' Art for my sake ' " – these words of the young DH Lawrence in a letter written before the first world war are probably as reliable as any .
Geoff Dyer
Geoff Dyer
When I was young , I thought that the fun part of writing would be the " creative " bit , making stuff up and inventing things .
The older I 've got , the less fun this has become .
I dread it .
The part I enjoy is the re-writing .
Increasingly , I enjoy the dullest , most clerical stages of the process .
Having said that , there always comes a point , after I 've amassed enough material and can start knocking it into shape , when I begin looking forward to working on something .
Basically it gets easier and easier each day until the last five or six months are a real pleasure and I can spend long and happy days doing it .
I always hope I can carry over that momentum from the end of one book to the beginning of another but , unfortunately , it 's strictly non-transferable .
So I then spend a year or so doing nothing until that becomes even more intolerable than doing something .
Ronan Bennett
Ronan Bennett
I am not a tortured writer .
Sometimes the writing does not go well and I can feel frustrated and disappointed with myself .
Sometimes I do not feel like writing and sometimes I lose faith in what I 'm writing .
But I take a pretty robust view about all this because I tend to believe it will come good eventually .
I 'm not sure I would describe as pleasurable the actual process of writing , even when it 's going well , but when I know in my bones that I 've written a good book , like The Catastrophist or Havoc , In Its Third Year , I do certainly feel on a high .
Good reviews please me , but nothing like as much as meeting readers who tell me they were moved or provoked by one of my books .
To enjoy a certain level of public regard , the support of publishers and to be financially rewarded – if this is not a pleasure it 's at least a rare privilege .
Julie Myerson
Writing gives me such enormous pleasure , and I 'm a much happier ( and therefore nicer ) person when I 'm doing it .
There 's a place in my head that I go to when I write and it's so rich and unexpected – and scary sometimes – but never ever dull .
I first went there when I was seven and I wrote a poem which startled me a bit because it felt like someone else had written it .
The adrenaline rush that gave me was incredible and I wanted more .
These days , maybe because I can now access that place quite easily , writing feels like something I simply could not live without .
It is a joyous thing .
I feel very lucky to be paid to do it , but even if I 'd never been published , I think I 'd still be writing .
I love being read , but the person I 'm really always writing for is me .
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - A lack of project funding threatens to undermine the solar industry ’s already fragile growth prospects , two of the sector ’s biggest players said on Tuesday , reporting profits that missed market forecasts .
The central building of German solar company Q - Cells in Bitterfeld - Wolfen , Germany , is shown in this undated handout file photo .
REUTERS /Q- Cells
Q - Cells , the world ’s largest maker of solar cells , slashed its 2009 sales outlook for the third time since December , while German peer Solon , a solar module maker , posted a bigger - than - expected first - quarter net loss .
“ In view of the ongoing uncertain market environment due to financing restrictions for larger PV ( photovoltaic ) systems in particular , it is currently still difficult to give a precise forecast for the full year , ” Q - Cells said in a statement .
Q - Cells said it now expected 2009 sales to come in between 1.3 billion and 1.6 billion euros ( $ 1.77 - 2.18 billion ) , down from the previous 1.7 - 2.1 billion euro forecast range .
Massive oversupply of cells , modules and wafer had led Q - Cells -- along with the world ’s No.2 cell maker Sharp Corp -- to cut outlooks or jobs earlier this year , while Solon withdrew its 2009 outlook last year .
“ The cut in guidance is somewhat negative but no huge negative surprise , ” DZ Bank Sven Kuerten wrote in a note .
“ Due to the relatively good cost control , the fact that short - term financing issues are resolved due to the sale of the REC stake and the good project business we keep our Buy rating unchanged , ” he added .
Shares in Q - Cells reversed earlier losses and were 3.5 percent higher at 0846 GMT , while the FTSE clean tech index was off 0.1 percent .
Q - Cells posted sales of 224.8 million euros for the first quarter and a net loss of 391.9 million euros , partly linked to writedowns on last week ’s sale of its stake in Norway ’s Renewable Energy Corporation , a move that was widely expected by analysts .
SOLON SEES Q2 LOSS
Solon ’s net loss was 18.5 million euros , missing a consensus of 14 million in a Reuters poll of analysts [ ID : nL8287392 ]
Its stock pared losses but were still down 1.3 percent .
“ All in all , reported Q109 results should be taken very negatively by the market especially when considering the recent upmove and the very high likelihood of significant earnings downgrades in due course , ” Equinet analyst Sebastian Growe wrote in a note .
Solon shares have more than doubled since hitting a 2009 floor on March 9 .
“ While demand for solar modules has been on the rise again in the second quarter , the power plants business is still suffering from the ongoing critical situation in project finance , ” it said in a statement .
“ Therefore assume that Solon will also finish the second quarter with a loss . ”
Solon in April said it may have to take an impairment loss of 40 million euros due to funding problems at Silicium de Provence , an affiliated French company .
“ The extremely weak operating performance is further increasing the very high liquidity risk of Solon .
We see the stock as a very clear ‘ sell ’ , ” wrote DZ Bank ’s Kuerten .
According to StarMine , which weights analysts ’ forecasts based on their track records , Q - Cells trades at 14.3 times estimated 12 - month forward earnings , less than half of No.3 cell maker Suntech Power ’s 30.6 , as well as No.4 Kyocera , trading at 66.5 times .
Solon trades at 12 times .
( $ 1=.7349 Euro )
Jamal Crawford heading to Atlanta ?
Marc Stein ’s sources say that he is .
NBA front - office sources say that the Warriors and Hawks will soon complete a deal sending Crawford to Atlanta for Acie Law and Speedy Claxton .
Warriors coach Don Nelson made no secret of the fact that Crawford was n’t in his future plans .
By shedding Crawford ’s longer contract and by virtue of insurance payments that will cover some of the costs of Claxton , Golden State would secure a decent measure of payroll relief with the trade .
Crawford is definitely a shoot - first point guard , as evidenced by this study I did a few weeks ago , though I think he ’s better suited to playing off the ball .
His shot selection is suspect ( career 40.4 % from the field ) , but he is a prolific scorer .
In fact , he has averaged at least 17 points in each of the last four seasons , but he regularly takes 15 - 17 shots per game .
Is it possible to get him to rein in his attempts and be a little more selective in his attempts ?
I ’d rather he average 14 - 15 points on 10 - 11 shots .
How does this affect Mike Bibby ’s contract negotiations ?
Acie Law was n’t working out , but now that Crawford is on the roster , the Hawks have a backup plan in case Bibby ’s expectations are too high .
Bibby takes better care of the ball , but he ’s a shoot - first point guard as well , so a reined - in Crawford would n’t be that much different .
Crawford ’s contract runs another two years at the tune of $ 19 million , so while the fiscal impact for the Hawks in the short term is minor , they are giving up about $ 10 million in projected cap space in 2010 by making this trade .
The LCBO and the Ontario Public Service Employees Union have reached a deal to avert a province - wide strike .
No details have been released .
The agreement was reached earlier this afternoon .
Earlier , brides , bar owners and casual drinkers jammed local liquor outlets , depleting shelves as talks continued toward a strike deadline .
Marco Rapino has created a Python script to use the N95's accelerometer data in the Blender game engine .
Marco wrote :
Hi , I 'm a 25 years old italian developer working in a research centre in Helsinki ( CKIR ) .
I developed this prototype which shows you how the N95 accelerometer 's data can be used in Blender , thereby as an input device for the BGE .
The prototype is simple I know , but the aim is to show how Blender possibilities , besides modeling , animating , composing ( that is also for what I use Blender mainly for ) etc. are practically endless since you can use the Python language within it .
Which makes Blender , one of the most flexible software I have ever seen / worked with .
You can find more informations ( soon I will upload also the source code and . blend files ) at my blog .
Thanks for your attention !
Marco
Forward Thinking
Ivy makes it easy to add voice services to your business revenue and is the only platform that will do all your client billing , including nationwide taxes , enabling you to focus on what matters .
Creating and growing a strong recurring revenue stream with our network and forward thinking technologies will make your business more resilient and more efficient .
Talk with our experts about how we can help your business today .
Contact Us
* Hmmm …. infighting , again .*
Jeff Rense has filed a formal police report charging Alex Jones of Infowars.com with interstate terrorism and threats .
According to Mr. Rense : “ This is all about Jones … who called me at home last Tuesday afternoon just past 1 pm and threatened to “ destroy ” me ( and my family ) .
Rense says he will be moving his radio show to two new networks as a result of his spat with Jones .
Alex Jones was allegedly enraged by Rense ’s posting of a link to this article ．
That quotes from Alex Jones ’s website ’s comments pages to question whether or not Jones is in fact a Zionist agent .
Rense also provided the following link to an audio clip where Jones is again threatening somebody ．
My take on this is that while Alex Jones avoids the subject of Zionism and has a huge ego , he clearly attacks key institutions like the Bilderbergers and has played a great role in awakening many people to the dangers of the New World Order .
It is a classic illuminati trick to infiltrate opposition groups and then get them to start fighting each other .
Alex Jones should not have to censor information that his wife and kids are Jewish .
Instead of threatening Mr. Rense personally , he should have attacked the content of the article about him .
He should also , as I do , wear his Jewish connection like a badge of honour and fight against the Zionist gangsters on behalf of righteous Jews and all humans everywhere .
Remember the essence of Judaism is the Golden Rule and it applies to all peoples and not just Jews .
Mr. Jones should apologize to Mr. Rense .
A request for a comment from Mr. Jones has not been answered at the time of writing this .
Finally , I would like to remind him of an Asian saying : “ the powerful eagle hides his claws . ”
The enemy is too powerful for truth seekers to waste energy fighting each other .
http://benjaminfulford.typepad.com/benjaminfulford/
All the astronomy sites are buzzing over this amazing image of a sunspot :
I do n't blame them ... it 's gorgeous !
And it 's not even real !
It 's a computer - generated model of the magnetic field in a sunspot ; near the center the field lines are mostly vertical and around the edges they are mostly horizontal .
But to me , as a scientist as well as an appreciator of gee - whiz images , it 's this shot that tickles my brain :
Click to embiggen .
Click it to see it cromulently embiggened .
I know , it does n't seem like quite as much to look at , but it is : it 's the first time a computer has modeled in detail the magnetic field line strengths of a pair of coupled sunspots vertically , in three dimensions , into and beneath the surface of the Sun !
Wow .
You have to understand , magnetic fields are the devil 's own work to model ; they 're fiercely complicated .
The equations are tough enough to solve , but the field lines interact with one another as the gas moves around , making this sort of modeling just as painfully hard as it could be .
We understand quite a bit about sunspots in general , but in detail they are still a mystery ; models like this will help us grasp those details .
The resolution is incredible ; the computer modeled points in the virtual Sun just 10 to 20 miles apart .
That meant it needed to keep track of nearly two billion points .
That image is amazing , and beautiful .
The way they colored it , it looks like a slice beneath the Earth 's surface ... but the width of that image is far larger than the Earth itself .
As for the science , check out this animated sequence to see just how this simulation allows scientists to understand the movement of the gas in a sunspot , too .
You can see the gas flowing outward from the center , and the convection inside the Sun driving parcels of gas up and down .
Holy crap .
And just as amazing is the computer itself that did this work : NCAR 's Bluefire , which can perform 76 trillion calculations per second .
I 'm glad they did n't name it Skynet .
This comes at a time when we 're starting to understand how streams of gas under the Sun 's surface relates to its overall sunspot cycle .
All of this has been a huge mystery for centuries , and we now live in a time of accelerating understanding of the Sun .
And , on top of all this , due for launch later this year is the Solar Dynamics Observatory , a highly sophisticated spacecraft that will study our nearest star in better detail than ever before .
This is a great time to be a science geek .
Revel in it .
Oh , and to the Plasma / Electric Universe believers who always froth and foam about how " mainstream " scientists do n't understand magnetism and plasma : you 're looking increasingly marginalized , dudes .
You might want to look into a new line of work , like UFOs , or 9/11 theories .
Science makes progress while pseudoscience makes excuses ... and your field ( " field " !
Oh man , I slay me ! ) is looking weaker every day .
Six Superb Squash for your Vegetable Garden
What is summer without squash ?
They are easy to grow , bear an abundant crop and can feed the family into the fall if you grow several kinds .
Summer squash can be cooked or used raw in salads .
Winter squash is always cooked but can be stored easily for a considerable amount of time and enjoyed into the winter .
Squash can be used for its own sake as the vegetable at dinner or be used to make bread , soup , or appetizers .
Its subtle flavor works well with almost anything and it can be spiced up to please those who love spicy food ( like me ) .
I look forward to my squash crop every summer and would not do without it .
In recent years hybridizes have been producing many different varieties / cultivars of squash so please note : I have not tried all the squash out there so my recommendations are limited by my experience .
I am sure that there are many wonderful kinds of squash that meet all kinds of needs and I am only reporting on those I have grown successfully .
That having been said , I also must admit that I buy whatever seed is available of the type of squash I like , and I also allow any “ volunteers ” in my garden to grow and produce fruit , and I have never been disappointed ; even the fruit from the “ volunteers ” have been very satisfactory .
But , does n’t that say it all ?
Squash are really easy !
I usually plant two types of summer squash and at least one of winter squash .
The summer squash are faster growing , have smaller fruit , and the fruit are eaten while immature when the skins are tender so can be eaten raw or cooked .
Winter squash grow more slowly , have larger fruit that is eaten when the skin in hard .
They must be cooked before eating but store well for up to 1 to 6 months depending on the variety and conditions .
Squash are very easy to grow from seed ; they have a high germination rate and germinate in about a week .
To reduce transplantation stress I plant two seeds in a peat pot and then pop the whole pot into the garden as soon as the first true leaves appear .
The mature plants are very large and take up a lot of garden space so you will probably have to exercise restraint when choosing what to grow .
Here are my recommendations .
Nota Bene :
My recommendations are greatly influenced by what seed I can find in the stores .
Summer Squash : I plant both the yellow ones and zucchini but there is also a very good round , scallop one .
Here are my suggestions :
Yellow :
These may have a straight neck or crooked neck .
I like the look of the crooked neck but like cutting up and cooking the straight neck ones .
Yellow Crookneck : ‘ Early Yellow Summer Crookneck ’ ( classic open - pollinated crookneck ; curved neck ; warted ; heavy yields ) Yellow Straightneck : “ Early Prolific Straightneck “ ( standard open - pollinated straightneck , light cream color , attractive straight fruit )
Zucchini : ( Sometimes these are just labeled “ Black ” or “ Green ” )
‘ Black Zucchini ’ ( best known summer squash ; greenish black skin , white flesh )
‘ Black Beauty ’ ( slender , with slight ridges , dark black - green )
‘ Cocozelle ’ ( dark green overlaid with light green stripes ; long , very slender fruit )
I have not been very successful with the Cocozelle but I like the look of them .
Winter squash : I always plant acorn squash but there are many winter squash to choose from , hubbard and spaghetti being especially nice .
Acorn :
‘ Bush Table Queen ’ ( old fashioned , standard )
Whatever squash you decide to plant you will find that they earn their keep .
You will have more squash than you can eat so will be able to share your crop with friends and family .
" The rest of the country is having to pay more to put their own food on the table .
Yet again , this shows that too many MPs are out of touch and unconcerned as to the realities facing their constituents .
This is damaging both the democratic process and the British public 's faith in Parliament . "
Nereus can switch between free - swimming and tethered configurations
A robotic sub called Nereus has reached the deepest - known part of the ocean .
The dive to 10,902 m ( 6.8 miles ) took place on 31 May , at the Challenger Deep in the Marianas Trench , located in the western Pacific Ocean .
This makes Nereus the deepest - diving vehicle currently in service and the first vehicle to explore the Marianas Trench since 1998 .
The unmanned vehicle is remotely operated by pilots aboard a surface ship via a lightweight tether .
Its thin , fibre - optic tether to the research vessel Kilo Moana allows the submersible to make deep dives and be highly manoeuvrable .
THE NEREUS SUBMERSIBLE
Weight on land : 2,800kg Payload capacity : 25kg Maximum speed : 3 knots Batteries : rechargeable lithium ion
Nereus can also be switched into a free - swimming , autonomous vehicle .
" With a robot like Nereus , we can now explore virtually anywhere in the ocean , " said Andy Bowen , project manager and principal developer of the sub at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) .
The sub sampled sediment from the Marianas Trench " The trenches are virtually unexplored , and I am absolutely certain Nereus will enable new discoveries .
I believe it marks the start of a new era in ocean exploration . "
The Challenger Deep is the deepest - known part of the ocean , and part of the Marianas Trench near the island of Guam in the west Pacific .
It is the deepest abyss on Earth at 11,000 m - deep , more than 2 km ( 1.2 miles ) deeper than Mount Everest is high .
At that depth , pressures reach 1,100 times those at the surface .
As a result , only two vehicles have ever made the trip to its crushing depths .
In January 1960 , Jacques Piccard and Don Walsh made the first and only manned voyage in a Swiss - built bathyscaphe known as the Trieste .
The vessel consisted of a 2 m - diameter ( 6ft ) steel sphere containing the crew suspended below a huge 15 m - long ( 50 ft ) tank of petrol , designed to provide buoyancy .
During the nine - hour mission , the two men spent just 20 minutes on the ocean floor ; enough time to measure the depth as 10,916 m ( 35,813 ft ) .
Nereus aims to give researchers access to 100 % of the seafloor
No manned submersible has ever repeated the dive .
However , 35 years later , a Japanese remote - controlled vehicle called Kaiko returned , setting a depth record for unmanned exploration .
During its dive , the vehicle recorded a depth of 10,911 m ( 35,797ft ) .
It was also able to recover a sediment core and record pictures of life , including a sea cucumber , a worm and a shrimp .
Unlike Nereus , Kaiko had to rely on a cable connected to a ship at the surface for power and control .
The Japanese craft was lost in 2003 on an unrelated dive when a cable connecting it to its control ship snapped .
Currently , the deepest - rated vehicles are able to descend to 6,500 m , allowing scientists access to 95 % of the seafloor .
Nereus aims to change this to 100 % , whilst also allowing scientists to survey a much larger area than vehicles like Kaiko .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
FAQs - FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
In this section , we try to answer some of the most frequently asked questions about our products and services .
If you have questions you would like to ask that are not addressed here , feel free to ask by using the Quick Enquiry form below .
The Chinese researchers drove radar - equipped tractors across a 900 - square - kilometre area at the centre of Antarctica
Up to 3000 metres beneath the ice , at the coldest point on Earth , towering peaks , hanging valleys and deep gorges have been frozen in ice for 14 million years .
Now the first detailed view of this frozen landscape is revealing how the world ’s biggest chunk of ice – the Antarctic ice sheet – was born .
The radar images suggest that Antarctica “ grew ” its ice cap in three stages , carving out the rock below in distinct ways as glaciers expanded , retracted , and flowed downstream .
The images were collected between 2004 and 2008 by researchers who drove huge trains of caterpillar tractors in tight lines over Dome A , a plateau of ice at the heart of Antarctica .
The tractors carried radars that pinged down through the ice and sent back profiles of the frozen rock landscape below .
Dome A , the highest point on the continent , is also one of the coldest places on Earth , with temperatures as low as - 90 °C .
Far beneath its frozen surface lie the Gamburtsev mountains , where glaciologists believe the Antarctic ice sheet was born .
Its distance to the ocean and high altitude would have made it the coolest spot on the continent 34 million years ago , when the ice began to grow .
Advertisement
Put together , the images reveal a striking landscape of sharp peaks and hanging valleys surrounding a deep gorge carved out by ice Martin Siegert et al .
Stranger than Mars
Because Dome A is so remote and so cold , and because kilometres of ice separate the surface from the mountain tops , we know more about the surface of Mars than we do about the Gamburtsev .
Until recently , only a single radar flight some 30 years ago had probed the chain .
In the past few years glaciologists have used planes and tractors to map out the iced mountains more fully .
Earlier this year , the British Antarctic Survey revealed images of the mountains ’ profile .
Now , a Chinese , Japanese and UK team have published results detailing the 900 - square - kilometre area beneath Dome A .
By studying the images , the researchers have determined how the ice cap formed .
First , some 34 million years ago , small mountain - top glaciers developed .
They froze and thawed with variations in Earth ’s orbit , sometimes filling the range ’s main valley and its tributaries , sometimes disappearing entirely .
These variations would have created distinct , high - altitude cirques , hanging valleys and deepened the main valley .
Isotope records from the deep ocean show that global temperatures dropped by up to 8 °C about 14 million years ago .
This froze the ice to the rock , and it will have moved very little since then , preserving the landscape below .
Rocks are not all that will have been frozen in time and space .
Martin Siegert of the University of Edinburgh , UK , says it is very likely that there are bits of frozen vegetation down there too – far out of reach .
“ It would have looked much like Patagonia today , with quite lush forests and small valley glaciers cutting into the alpine topography , ” he says .
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature08024 )
A new era of government accountability has dawned .
This past week , Canada Revenue Agency Minister Jean Pierre Blackburn announced changes to the way CRA agents respond to taxpayer enquiries received through its call centres .
These call centres handled about 14.6 million calls from April , 2008 , to April , 2009 , of which the vast majority — 11.1 million — were individual ( as opposed to corporate ) inquiries .
The CRA has announced that when you phone in , you will now be able to find out the identity of the call agent who handled your tax enquiry .
According to the CRA , “ the policy will help reinforce the agents ’ accountability while also ensuring greater consistency in the way they greet callers . ”
Call centre agents will now greet you automatically with their first name and have been designated with a CRA employee identification number and geographic call centre location that can be requested by the caller .
While this new accountability is certainly a welcome move , it ’s important to remember that CRA officials are human and do make the occasional mistake .
Sometimes , these mistakes can be costly .
Perhaps the two most - frequently cited cases of taxpayers pleading “ incorrect CRA information ” in court were the 1999 case of Joyce Watanabe and the 2002 case of Gary Moulton , both involving pension buy - backs .
Both cases came before now - retired Justice Donald Bowman , who later became chief justice of the tax court .
In the first case , Ms. Watanabe , a Vancouver teacher , wanted to buy back some registered pension plan years of past service .
She did so by making what she thought was a fully deductible contribution to her plan .
She contacted the CRA several times and was assured that the amount was indeed deductible .
Unfortunately , the CRA ’s advice was incorrect , but there was nothing Judge Bowman could do to remedy this as he had to apply the law as written .
In the 2002 case , Gary Moulton , also a teacher , attempted to deduct an RPP pension buy - back in the year following the actual RPP contribution , something not permitted under the tax rules .
Mr. Moulton phoned the CRA twice and spoke to two different officials who each stated that the amount would indeed be deductible in the following year .
Unfortunately , this information also turned out to be incorrect and Judge Bowman denied the deduction .
As Judge Bowman wrote : “ [ Moulton ] argues with great conviction that he should be entitled to rely on advice given by the CRA and relied upon by him in good faith .
“ I agree that the result may seem a little shocking to taxpayers who seek guidance from government officials whom they expect to be able to give correct advice .
Unfortunately , such officials are not infallible and the court cannot be bound by erroneous departmental interpretations . ”
In both cases , Judge Bowman recommended that any arrears interest charged by the CRA be waived , but he did not have the authority to cancel the tax itself .
Jamie Golombek , CA , CPA , CFP , CLU , TEP , is the managing director , tax and estate planning , with CIBC Private Wealth Management in Toronto .
The organization behind this is an unknown -
American Foundation for Equal Rights
No website yet - and only a Facebook page .
UPDATE :
http://www.equalrightsfoundation.org/
Why is n't this going through some well - known group like the Human Rights Campaign ?
Well , that one is pretty obvious to GLBTIQ people who are pretty fed up with the Obama administration .
Joe Solmonese is completely in bed with Obama - hardly the person to lead the fight against a foot - dragging administration .
Much like the NAACP was largely excluded from the Civil Rights movement by upstart organizations like SCLC and SNCC , this new organization may prove a better vehicle for change .
For too long , people - including many Kossacks - have said " Wait ! " and " It 's not a federal issue . "
Despite those in the Queer community referencing M.L. King , Jr.'s
Letter form Birmingham Jail
We know through painful experience that freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor ; it must be demanded by the oppressed .
Frankly , I have yet to engage in a direct - action campaign that was " well timed " in the view of those who have not suffered unduly from the disease of segregation .
For years now I have heard the word " Wait ! "
It rings in the ear of every Negro with piercing familiarity .
This " Wait " has almost always meant " Never . "
We must come to see , with one of our distinguished jurists , that " justice too long delayed is justice denied . "
http://abacus.bates.edu/...
And the 14th Amendment .
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
Well , now equal rights for GLBTIQ people may just become a federal issue .
Is it Brown v. Board time for GLBTIQ human rights ?
Will the Obama administration finally have to show its hand ?
MAY 20 -- In an opinion peppered with golf references and a quote from ' Caddyshack ' star Bill Murray , a federal magistrate has recommended the dismissal of a lawsuit brought by Rudolph Giuliani 's son over his booting from Duke University 's varsity golf team .
In a lawsuit filed last year , Andrew Giuliani , 23 , claimed that the North Carolina school breached a contract when it dropped him from the golf team in early - 2008 .
The school ( and coach Orrin Daniel Vincent III ) countered by saying that Giuliani was bounced for a variety of boorish acts , including assaulting a teammate , defying coaches , and violating ' both the rules and the spirit of the game of golf . '
In an opinion issued yesterday , Magistrate Judge Wallace W. Dixon sided with Duke in its bid for a judgment against Giuliani .
A copy of Dixon 's May 19 opinion , which will now likely be adopted by a U.S. District Court judge , can be found here .
Dismissing one Giuliani claim , Dixon wrote that the misplaced argument ' brings to mind Carl Spackler 's analysis ' from ' Caddyshack ' : ' He 's on his final hole .
He 's about 455 yards away , he 's gonna hit about a 2 iron , I think . '
Though no longer on the golf team , Giuliani graduated this month from Duke , so he 's got that going for him .
( 12 pages )
Fair use has nothing to do with — and can't be used to defend — DRM circumvention , according to the Motion Picture Association of America .
The arguments were made during the RealDVD hearing in San Francisco this week , with the MPAA insisting that the DVD copying case is n't about fair use at all , but violations of the DMCA 's anticircumvention rules .
The two concepts are n't directly related when it comes to US Copyright Law , and the MPAA wants the court to agree that DMCA claims trump all when it comes to copying content .
RealNetworks has been dealing with the legal fallout from its RealDVD software since September 2008 — before it was even released to the public .
At the time , Real seemed confident that RealDVD operated well within the DMCA because the software did n't break CSS encryption — it merely copied a DVD straight to a hard drive , keeping the encryption intact .
Additionally , RealDVD added a new layer of DRM to each file to lock the files to the user and PC that created them , which the company thought would keep it on the movie studios ' good side .
But Real thought wrong .
Almost immediately , the MPAA sued Real , claiming that the company had violated DMCA anticircumvention rules and referring to RealDVD as " StealDVD . "
Real sued right back , hoping to get a judge to declare RealDVD legal ; instead , a judge granted a temporary restraining order against the company , halting the sales of RealDVD .
Real has long argued during this case that its software merely enables DVD buyers to make legitimate copies of their legally purchased discs — this would theoretically fall under the fair use guidelines in US Copyright Law .
As part of its counterclaims filed against the DVD Copy Control Association earlier this month , Real argued that the movie studios were acting as an " illegal cartel " that was trying to stifle competition in the market of fair use copies of DVDs .
Fair use v. circumvention : fight !
Real argued this once again in the hearing this week with the MPAA , saying that the company needs to be able to make copies to a hard drive in order to allow people to use the software 's features .
Real attorney Don Scott told the judge that making copies of music has long been recognized as " lawful fair use , " according to CNET , and that consumers are allowed to make copies of CDs to put on an iPod or some other device without having to pay a second time .
Is n't the same true for movies ?
The MPAA insisted , however , that the mere act of circumventing DRM in order to make those copies makes one an outlaw ; fair use does n't come into the picture .
Judge Marilyn Patel questioned the MPAA on whether it would be considered circumvention to make a copy to a hard drive that was limited to only that drive without the ability to make any further copies .
" Yes , it would be circumvention , " MPAA attorney Bart Williams said .
" And no , it would not be fair use .
The only backup copy Congress envisioned was archival , that you would never use until such time when your main computer was n't working ...
Congress would not have gone through the process or have this process if you 're going to say there is some fair use rights that allows you to circumvent . "
Unrelated ideas ?
Fair use principles obviously came before the DMCA 's anticircumvention rules , but the two are not necessarily related .
Fair use is part of general US copyright law and is used when arguing cases of copyright infringement , while the DMCA 's anticircumvention rules specifically address the breaking of DRM — whether infringement occurred or not .
This , according to the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's Fred von Lohmann , is the crux of the MPAA 's argument .
" The MPAA 's view is that the DMCA 's circumvention provisions stand separate and apart from general copyright infringement , so that defenses to copyright infringement are not defenses to circumvention claims , " von Lohmann told Ars .
" So fair use , on their view , has no application because it 's only a defense to copyright infringement . "
The MPAA has been using this argument for some time , ever since the first DVD ripping case in 2000 ( Universal v. Reimerdes ) .
However , it turns out that this distinction has not been fully tested in court , and the MPAA has had only mixed success with it so far .
" In Universal v. Reimerdes ( the deCSS case ) , the district court essentially agreed with the MPAA 's argument , but on appeal the court did n't embrace that part of the district court 's reasoning , " von Lohmann said .
( But neither did the appeals court reject it explicitly . )
However , von Lohmann noted that other cases — ones that are n't about DVDs — are increasingly insisting on some sort of nexus with copyright infringement before they will permit an anticircumvention claim through the DMCA .
" For example , in [ Storage Tech v. Custom Hardware ] , the court found that there could be no circumvention claim because the activity in question fell within the copyright exception for independent service vendors ( 17 USC 117 ) .
That 's a copyright exception ( not DMCA exception ) , and yet the court found that it blocked the circumvention claim , " said von Lohmann .
" Hard to see why the same would n't apply to fair use ( 17 USC 107 ) . "
Finally , he pointed out that the MPAA implicitly acknowledges that fair use still matters , even if the organization promotes ridiculous and roundabout ways to exercise it .
Earlier this month , the MPAA showed government officials how teachers could make legal clip collections for classroom use by pointing a camcorder at a video screen showing a DVD ( instead of merely ripping the DVD itself ) .
The MPAA wants to show that circumvention is n't required in order to engage in fair use ; other ways of using the material are available , if inconvenient .
If the Copyright Office agrees , the movie business could have more ammo against companies like Real in court .
Listing image by Flickr user hypertypos
The " progressives " at Third Way , that moderate public policy think thank tank that apparently exists to make the DLC look like regular liberal firebrands , turned their hyper - incrementalist bullshit domestic policy sites on something that matters : the public option in the health care reform package .
This leaked draft [ pdf ] of their upcoming policy paper shows that they 're not even going for a hyper - incrementalist watering down of the public option -- they 're trying to kill it .
Here 's their premise :
Whether health care reform should include a " public plan " is an issue that now threatens to fracture the emerging consensus on health reform .
If left unresolved , the debate over a public plan could derail the broader reform agenda while other pressing issues central to reform are put on hold .
The proponents of a public plan seek the right goals — to broaden access and lower costs .
But there is a very real danger that an overly intrusive public plan can ultimately undermine these very goals and destabilize the private - sector coverage that middle - class Americans — i.e. , Harry and Louise — depend on and are largely satisfied with .
They actually invoke Harry and Louise again , which is fitting , since Harry and Louise were a creation of the insurance industry , much like this plan seems to be .
In the event that Third Way forgot , " proponents " of the public option include President Obama , one of the key Senate leaders on the issue , and the largest voting bloc in the House of Representatives .
It 's not a fringe group of DFHers who want a solid public option .
It 's the consensus of the majority of Democrats .
And the President .
Nonetheless ,
Third Way seems committed to doing the dirty work of the insurance lobby from the " left . "
Here 's the plan 's four basic elements :
An explicit rejection of price controls and rate - setting on medical services and products ;
A level playing field that preserves and enhances a vibrant and robust private insurance industry with market - based competition ;
An assurance of stable coverage for the middle class , meaning that reform will not force people to change plans ; and
Mechanisms to ensure private - sector cost - containment , in conjunction with the health care industry ’s pledge to achieve the $ 2 trillion in savings over ten years
Those four elements are spelled out in the " key policy proposals " they will presumably put forward :
Explicit rejection of price controls and rate - setting
A level playing field on taxes , regulations and administration
Limited participation to certain market segments ( e.g. small group and individual )
Required supermajority approval for federal bailout of the public plan ( in addition to self - financing )
Automatic sunset after four years unless the plan can demonstrate solid financial performance and positive impacts on market stability
Mandatory accreditation or evaluation of providers , plans and other stakeholders to ensure private sector cost containment if targets are not met
To clarify , this means the public option would n't be " public " as much as limited to those small businesses and the uninsured , or " market segments " that are geographical .
It would " firmly and explicitly reject Medicare - style price controls and rate - setting , " and not be allowed to to negotiate with drug companies or hospitals or doctors at all for prices ( in the name of " innovation " ) .
Should the plan require a emergency federal funding , it would have the barrier of obtaining a supermajority of Congressional approval .
It gets better .
They propose that actually administration of what they are calling their " hybrid " should be contracted out to private industry .
Finally , they want their plan to have a " reverse trigger , " to sunset after just four years should it not prove effective , because " Harry and Louise must feel confident in knowing not just that their employers wo n’t be dropping their existing coverage in favor of the public plan . "
As if restrictions can't be placed on employers to prevent them from dropping Harry and Louise ?
Given all the the restrictions they want placed on it , what do you think the chances of that success might be ?
What 's more , four years is a ridiculously short amount of time for an evaluation period .
Every analyst worth her salt is estimating a decade for reform plans to prove their worth .
Then they have the gall to conclude with this :
Progressives who believe in both the power of markets and of government to work together in bettering the lives of the middle - class should embrace the notion of a hybrid plan that can energize and enhance the current market .
Where they got the idea that they speak for " progressives " on this issue is beyond me .
This morning , DemFromCT laid out all of the reasons we should be putting our weight behind a solid , trigger - free public opton .
Job one is killing this Third Way " hybrid " before it gets beyond the draft stage .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A monkey urinated on Zambian President Rupiah Banda as he held a news conference on the economy in the capital Lusaka .
Journalists laughed as Mr Banda jokingly remonstrated with the offender : " You [ monkey ] have urinated on my jacket . "
Freeport 's share price has fluctuated from about $ 125 in May 2008 to below $ 20 in December , and recently near $ 40 .
But with its geographic diversity and strong asset base , Freeport is a solid company , which should benefit from commodities demand from developing nations and an eventual global economic recovery .
It deserves monitoring by those with a yen for metals and mining .
The FDIC is facing the highest amount of bank failures since the early 1990s .
To calm Americans the government in 2008 upped the amount secured at FDIC institutions from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 for each customer account .
Yet losses have been so deep that in the fourth quarter of 2008 the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) quickly lost a large portion of its balance .
The FDIC unfortunately did not adequately prepare for such a deep credit crisis :
What is drawing down the funds ?
It is the amount of banks going under and being taken over by the FDIC .
The number is growing .
Last year , the FDIC had 90 banks on its troubled list .
Today , there are now 305 .
Keep in mind that last year gigantic failure IndyMac Bank which ate up nearly $ 10 billion of the fund was n’t even on the troubled bank list .
So take the 305 bank list for what it is worth from the FDIC .
It is also the case that the FDIC will play a crucial role in the private - public investment program being dolled out by the U.S. Treasury .
Recent reports estimate that the program will start in July and should be a taxpayer rip off to the ultimate extreme .
The PPIP will game the system and foot taxpayers with the bill of the most toxic assets in the world .
Private investors will only need to come up with 5 percent while the U.S.
Treasury will kick down 5 percent and the rest will largely be financed by non-recourse loans by the FDIC .
It is incredible that we are going to give this institution which is already dealing with tremendous amounts of bank failures the duty of handling some of the most toxic mortgages known to the world .
That is why that in the last year the actual amount of assets at these 8,200 + institutions actually decreased for the first time in 2 decades :
And even though 305 may seem like a small number out of 8,200 institutions you need to remember that many of the troubled banks are the biggest in the country and hold a large portion of all assets .
During the Great Depression we had thousands of banks but not a group of “ too big to fail ” banks like we do now .
In fact , taking the top 5 or 6 banks in the country makes up nearly 50 percent of all banking .
Take a look how much is at risk now with the 305 on the list :
The troubled banks now have $ 220 billion in assets at risk .
Remember the DIF above ?
The DIF as of March 2009 only had $ 13 billion , which of course is now much lower with the Q2 bank failures .
With 25,000,000 unemployed or underemployed do you think late payments are going to increase ?
Of course .
Mortgage defaults are already on the rise and nearly 1 out of 8 Americans with a mortgage are now either late or in foreclosure .
The FDIC is insolvent and this is the place we are going to dump another $ 500 billion to $ 1 trillion in toxic mortgages .
It also should n’t come as any surprise that loss provisions at FDIC institutions are skyrocketing still :
Now simply being on the troubled list does not mean a bank will fail .
But given the current economic climate , it is highly likely that we will go well beyond the 305 .
In fact , some estimate that over a thousand banks will go under once this crisis is finished .
This in large part is due to commercial real estate loans at smaller banks .
Smaller banks did not have the direct line to Wall Street with the mortgage backed security bubble machine and had to rely on more local lending including CRE loans .
That will be their undoing in the next few years .
The return on bank assets is slim to none :
Big toxic mortgage states like California and Florida actually have negative returns which should n’t be a surprise given the unprecedented California housing bubble for example .
And keep in mind that in this crisis , a large part of the attention has been given to residential mortgages but commercial loans are also a big part of banking assets :
The FDIC oversees banks with $ 13.5 trillion in assets .
How much of these assets will turn toxic in the next few months will determine how quickly the FDIC DIF is gone .
We are already approaching that limit .
305 troubled institutions is only the tipping point .
There will be more .
It is safe to assume that we will have 1,000 + failures once the CRE bubble bursts because there is no bailout mechanism ( yet ) in place for these .
Talk about 2009 being a troubling year for the FDIC .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
By : Derek Yu
On : May 29th , 2009
Mobigame ’s award - winning iPhone game Edge has been removed from the App Store , pending a legal battle with Tim Langdell ( pictured at right ) over the trademark “ Edge . ”
What ’s troubling is that , according to a GameSetWatch article by Simon Carless , Langdell , who founded and owns the company Edge Games , has had a history of using his trademark to cause creators grief and to link himself with various high - profile media projects , including , but not limited to , games .
â€ œWe have legal issues with a man named Tim Langdell , â€ says Mobigameâ€™s David Papazian .
â€ œIf you already asked why Soul Edge ( the Namco game ) was called Soul Blade and later Soulcalibur in the US , you have your answer.â€ ( via Fingergaming
If you look on Tim ’s Wikipedia page , you ’ll notice that he is associated with Edge Magazine , a Malibu Comics character named Edge , and also the movie The Edge , starring Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin .
What Tim actually did on any of these projects is questionable , but my guess would be that it ’s about as much work as he will do for Edge , the iPhone game , once all the dust settles .
Namely , he threatened to sue the living fuck out of anyone in his path ( mind you , this is conjecture ) .
You may also notice that the Wikipedia entry is oddly detailed and poorly cited for a man who no one has really given a shit about until now … it ’s also under a neutrality dispute .
And no wonder – the entire page is almost single - handedly the creation of user Cheridavis , who , very coincidentally , shares the name of Tim ’s wife , Cheri Davis Langdell .
When pressed on the issue of neutrality , Cheridavis wrote : “ You are mistaken .
I am writing a book on founding members of the game industry and noticed that Tim Langdell was one of the only people missing from Wikipedia .
The article I created is based on my research , not on being Tim Langdell or knowing him personally . ”
That would be Tim Langdell , the husband of Cheri Davis Langdell , the founder of the game industry , the producer of such notable titles as Fairlight and Snoopy : The Case of the Missing Blanket , and the man who participated in these three roundtables at GDC this year :
– Who Controls a Game ’s IP and Who Reaps the Financial Benefit ?
– How to Design Your Game So That its IP is More Valuable to Hollywood
– How to Sell Your IP to Hollywood ( Without Selling Your Soul )
If you ’re wondering where Simon ’s article for GSW went , it is , for whatever reason ( heh ) , not available anymore .
Unless you go to NeoGAF or any of the other places the article has been reposted .
And if , after reading this , you ’re wondering , like I was , about Mirror ’s Edge , you ’ll be happy to note that Mr. Langdell ’s EDGE Games is currently working on a new game called “ Mirrors a game from Edge , ” which I ’m sure will not conflict in any way with the popular parkour - inspired FPS .
Jokes aside , the most frightening thing about this entire debacle is not how greedy and disingenuous human beings can be ( you should be used to it by now ) , but that Mr. Greedyguts himself is a board member on the IGDA , a non-profit organization created to empower game developers and advocate on their behalf .
Which is , in this author ’s distinct opinion and should in no way be construed as a fact , somewhat like having Joseph Mengele on the board of the Red Cross .
It ’s absolutely fucking ridiculous and brings the credibility of the organization to serious question .
How does this happen and what are they going to do about it ?
Thanks to mklee for pointing this out , via TIGForums .
Thanks to John Nesky for pointing out the GDC roundtables .
Update :
The IGDA has responded , and so has Tom Buscaglia , the “ Game Attorney ” ( and also an IGDA board member ) .
Update 2 : The follow - up to this article can be found here .
Roof jumping is Russian fun when people jump from just regular resedential houses with tied the rope .
There are many risks involved in this , like hitting some balcony or a wall - mounted antenna , because of this guys who do this for the first time need to take some time to prepare themselves , like this guy could n’t do this for first four minutes , and then the jump itself after the fourth minute .
About Us
The Neuroscience Information Framework is a dynamic inventory of Web - based neuroscience resources : data , materials , and tools accessible via any computer connected to the Internet .
An initiative of the NIH Blueprint for Neuroscience Research , NIF advances neuroscience research by enabling discovery and access to public research data and tools worldwide through an open source , networked environment .
A golf - resort developer named Ken Jowdy duped two dozen former and current NHL stars by taking roughly a $ 25 million investment from the players and blowing it on lavish parties packed with porn stars , hookers and ex-baseball players , which included all - round standup guy Roger Clemens .
The 19 former and current stick - handlers — including an all - star roster of Rangers and Islanders — are demanding that Las Vegas - based golf - course mogul Ken Jowdy return the $ 25 million they invested , plus fork over $ 15 million in damages for failing to build two luxury resorts in Mexico that are seven years behind schedule .
Instead , the players say , Jowdy got rowdy , squandering their cold cash on “ lavish parties ” that included “ various female porn stars , escorts , strippers [ and ] party girls ” to impress Clemens , Jackson , banned star Pete Rose and ESPN announcer Joe Morgan , one of the suits filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court alleges .
The suits also allege that Jowdy :
Put a Clemens gal pal named Adrian Moore , described as a “ regular party attendee who was close to Clemens , ” on his payroll “ as a personal favor ” to the former Yankee Cy Young winner .
Bought three private planes to fly himself , childhood pals , the baseball players and their “ female companions ” to Mexico , Palm Springs , New York and Las Vegas .
Paid himself an $ 800,000 - a- year salary — plus travel and entertainment expenses — while his brother - in - law , Connecticut lawyer Bill Najam , took in $ 650,000 annually without having a role in the project .
Hired Brian McNamee — the one - time Clemens trainer who told Congress he supplied the ballplayer with steroids — as a fitness trainer .
Paid the projects ’ sole construction manager , Ken Ayers , a $ 550,000 salary , even though Ayers spent fewer than 20 days at the sites in seven years .
Three - judge panel makes its view clear : Minnesota ’s electoral process is nothing like Florida ’s . | AP photo composite by POLITICO Coleman - Franken : new Bush v. Gore ?
With its angry charges about voter disenfranchisement , a controversial hand recount and a high - stakes courtroom drama , the battle between Norm Coleman and Al Franken in Minnesota is beginning to look a lot like Bush v. Gore .
Or is it ?
Advertisement
Coleman has raised the epic 2000 election fight – and the 5 - 4 Supreme Court decision that resolved it – in trying to make the argument that Minnesota violated the U.S. Constitution ’s Equal Protection Clause by allowing different counties to use different methods to count absentee ballots .
Coleman has even retained a legendary Bush v. Gore figure , Republican lawyer Ben Ginsberg , to help represent him .
But in ruling against Coleman Monday night , a three - judge panel made its view perfectly clear :
This case is not Bush v. Gore , and Minnesota ’s electoral process is nothing like Florida’s .
“ The citizens of Minnesota should be proud of their election system , ” the three judges wrote in a sweeping opinion that roundly rejected Coleman ’s arguments .
Unlike Florida in 2000 , Minnesota has laws in place that spell out the procedures for a recount and set standards to help determine which ballots could be accept and rejected .
While hanging chads from punch - card ballots loomed large in Florida , Minnesota has optical scanners deemed reliable by statewide audits .
And while the legal proceedings in 2000 were filled with split judicial decisions , often breaking down on partisan lines , the unanimous ruling of the three - judge panel gives Coleman little basis to argue that he ’s the victim of a partisan judiciary .
Unless the Minnesota Supreme Court rules in his favor – or at least some judges dissent from a majority ruling against him – “ it ’s going to be a ton of bricks on Norm Coleman ’s back , ” said Lawrence Jacobs , director of the Center for the Study of Politics and Governance at the University of Minnesota .
“ Coleman is helped when there is doubt , ” Jacobs said .
“ What ’s been very apparent is that there is no doubt up until this point . ”
On Tuesday , Republicans argued that the entire process is filled with doubt .
In a fundraising plea to supporters , Sen. John Cornyn , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said that the court ’s ruling was “ fundamentally misguided ” and failed to resolve the equal - protection and due- process violations alleged by the Coleman campaign , saying that some 4,400 absentee ballots remain uncounted .
“ It ’s frankly shocking that many of the same Democrats who so loudly decried voter disenfranchisement during the Florida recount in 2000 have so quickly run away from that principle when it no longer fits their political agenda , ” Cornyn said .
But there ’s another catch for Coleman and his Republican allies :
Their equal protection arguments rely in part on the decision in Bush v. Gore – a decision that came with a disclaimer : “ Our consideration is limited to the present circumstances , ” the Supreme Court majority said , “ for the problem of equal protection in election processes generally presents many complexities . ”
The three - judge panel in the Franken - Coleman case took pains to point out how circumstances are different in Minnesota .
While acknowledging that errors were bound to happen in any election , the court said that the Minnesota Senate election was free from fraud and that errors did not reach a constitutional violation of equal protection .
“ There is no evidence of a systematic problem of disenfranchisement in the state ’s election system , including in its absentee - balloting procedures , ” the judges wrote .
“ To the contrary , the general election resulted in a ‘ fair expression ’ of the voters of Minnesota . ”
Ginsberg said Tuesday that the judges spent “ so much time in patting their back on the Minnesota system ” that they “ missed the issue ” that thousands of voters are still being disenfranchised .
He argued that Coleman had his due - process rights violated since the court changed its rules in midstream – an argument that could be raised at the federal level – and that on appeal to the state Supreme Court , the GOP argument will center on those 4,400 uncounted absentee ballots .
“ We ’ll be at peace if all Minnesotans are enfranchised , ” Ginsberg said .
But Marc Elias , Franken ’s attorney , said Tuesday that ballots are often rejected for “ a lot of really good reasons , ” like people voting who are not eligible , not registered or are convicted felons .
And he predicted that if Coleman loses and seeks review from the U.S. Supreme Court , the high court may decline to get involved .
“ It ’s extremely unlikely that the U.S. Supreme Court would have reason to take it , ” Elias said , citing the court ’s usual reluctance to dive into electoral matters .
But it takes only four of nine justices to grant certiorari – a move that would once again put the court in the position of deciding an election .
Coleman ’s campaign committee reported no debt , while Franken said it had racked up $ 1.3 million in debt .
And Franken released separate numbers showing that the Minnesota Democratic - Farm - Labor Party has $ 465,000 in cash to spend on the race .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
The models : Felix Frankfurter , Louis Brandeis , Hugo Black
The current court is heavily weighted with former judges ; one question is whether Mr. Obama , in seeking a balance , will try to pick someone with political experience as well .
Several governors , including Jennifer Granholm of Michigan , have been mentioned as possible candidates .
But Mr. Obama has kept a tight veil of secrecy around his selection process .
Administration officials confirmed this week that he has interviewed at least two candidates so far .
One is Judge Diane Wood of the United States Court of Appeals in Chicago ; the identity of the other , or others , has not been disclosed .
There is widespread speculation that Mr. Obama will pick a nominee before his next overseas trip early next month .
Mr. Obama told C- SPAN it is “ safe to say that we ’re going to have an announcement soon , ” but was not specific .
He said he hoped to have hearings in July so that a nominee could be confirmed by the Senate with “ a little bit of lead time ” before the Supreme Court session begins in October .
“ One of the things I would prefer not to see happen is that these confirmation hearings drag on and somebody has to hit the ground running and then take their seat in October without having the time to wrap their mind around the fact that they are going to be a Supreme Court justice , ” he said .
The kind of humility that Roberts favors reflects a view that the Court should almost always defer to the existing power relationships in society .
In every major case since he became the nation ’s seventeenth Chief Justice , Roberts has sided with the prosecution over the defendant , the state over the condemned , the executive branch over the legislative , and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff .
Even more than Scalia , who has embodied judicial conservatism during a generation of service on the Supreme Court , Roberts has served the interests , and reflected the values , of the contemporary Republican Party .
... In a series of decisions in the past four years , the Chief Justice has expressed the view that the time has now passed when the Court should allow systemic remedies for racial discrimination ...
When Antonin Scalia joined the Court , in 1986 , he brought a new gladiatorial spirit to oral arguments , and in subsequent years the Justices have often used their questions as much for campaign speeches as for requests for information .
Roberts , though , has taken this practice to an extreme , and now , even more than the effervescent Scalia , it is the Chief Justice , with his slight Midwestern twang , who dominates the Court ’s public sessions .
To some , Ms. Granholm ’s legal style , or absence thereof , is a clear asset because it shows that she put the issues of the law ahead of any personal agenda .
Despite favoring abortion rights , for instance , she defended the more conservative views of the Republican administration in Michigan in the late 1990s on abortion .
In one opinion as attorney general , she stated that taking RU - 486 , known as the abortion pill , was legally tantamount to having an abortion .
As governor , however , she has generally opposed anti-abortion legislation .
She twice vetoed bans on a particular procedure called partial - birth abortion by critics .
And while she has stopped short of supporting same - sex marriage , she has ensured legal protection of domestic partnerships and issued an executive nondiscrimination order for state employees .
... [ S] ome Democrats fear that while she is a strong - willed voice for the concerns of her state , and is often characterized as a liberal Democrat , they do not know enough about her legal philosophy to count on her being a champion for liberals on the Supreme Court .
Many Democrats are hoping for a nominee who can stand up to the court ’s powerful conservative voices , including that of Justice Antonin Scalia .
... “ If President Obama wants somebody who understands what the law means and its impact on the people , Jennifer Granholm would bring that to the court , ” Mr. Keenan said .
“ She ’s out there every day , at factories , dealing with workers , with students , working to bring in new jobs and save the old ones .
She ’s not from the cloistered halls . ”
George W. Bush 's life prepared him to pick judges based on cronyism , class and tribal loyalties , and a sense of what he could get away with .
His picks were among the worst in the history of the judiciary , something that could have been -- and , in fact was -- easily predicted .
I doubt any president has been so well prepared as Barack Obama to choose judges .
Far , far more in touch with the lives of ordinary American families than any president in our lifetime , Obama also taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago .
Today , during a pre-recorded interview that was aired by C - SPAN , he talked a little about the decision he is making regarding his first Supreme Court nominee .
Aside from someone distinguished by intellect and empathy , he said he 's looking for “ somebody who has common sense and somebody who has a sense of how American society works and how the American people live .
' What I want is not just ivory tower learning .
I want somebody who has the intellectual fire power , but also a little bit of a common touch and has a practical sense of how the world works .
'” But Obama 's preference for a quick confirmation process will run smack up against a wall of Republican Party opposition .
The party plans to use a bitter and divisive over confirmation -- regardless of who Obama nominates -- as a way of raising money from their dwindling but more fanatic base .
According to Mike Allen at , " [ c] onservative activists have vowed to use the court fight to raise money , fire up their base , identify troops and rebuild their movement , with millions of dollars in advertising planned .
" As for Obama 's hope to find somebody " who knows how the American people live , " unless he means someone who has read about it , studied it in a think thank , or been briefed about it by a team of aides , he should keep in mind that the median household income in our country is around $ 48,000 .
Few people who have spent more than a decade earning ten times that have a clue " how the American people live . "
There 's a tendency to assume financially successful people are pillars of society .
But as Matt Taibbi pointed out we should disabuse ourselves of that notion .
" These Wall Street players are enormously compensated , " he wrote , " which supposedly means that society highly values their work and is willing to pay them a premium to do it .
Having been given that kind of responsibility and trust , these assholes should not then force us to police them as tightly as we police those who we expect to steal from us , like third - rate car salesmen , telemarketers , hookers and three - card monty dealers .
With that kind of money they should be setting an example .
We are paying them as though they are leaders of society , so they should lead .
Instead they ripped us off like common criminals .
I mean , the level of morals here is astonishing .
In my entire life I ’ve never met a drug dealer who would even think about trying half the shit that banks like Goldman Sachs and Citibank pulled during these years . "
That said , we have every reason to believe that Obama 's choices for this nomination and for all his judiciary nominations will bring the court far more balance , not just in terms of gender , race and wealth , but , hopefully , in terms of the propensity of Supreme Court judges being shills for corporate rule .
If there is one thing Obama needs to find in a judge -- and I believe this is why the Republicans absolutelywhen he uses the word " empathy " -- is a willingness to interpret law from the perspective of ordinary working Americans , not just through the eyes of the ownership class .
At least Obama , unlike Bush , will be aware of who the greatest Supreme Court judges of all times were -- and why : John Marshall , Oliver Wendell Holmes , Earl Warren , Louis Brandeis , William Brennan , Hugo Black , William Douglas , Felix Frankfurter , and Benjamin Cardozo .
Ken suggested that I take a look at the Jeffrey Toobin piece on Chief Justice John Roberts in the new No More Mr. Nice Guy -- The Supreme Court 's Stealth Hard - Liner .
I 'm glad he did and I 'm glad I did .
It helps inform where the Republican right 's mindset is on the Court .
The first thing -- other than his unfortunate age -- that people realize about Roberts is that he grossly misrepresented himself at his confirmation hearings .
He tried to sound like a mainstream conservative , almost a moderate .
Only 22 senators saw through that but among those who did n't were Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , Robert Byrd ( D - WV ) , Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) , Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , and Carl Levin ( D - MI ) .
Even Dianne Feinstein and Evan Bayh saw what Roberts really was !
When he claimed , calmly that his tenure would be marked by " modesty and humility , " and that " Judges are like umpires ; umpires do n’t make the rules -- they apply them , " then - Senator Obama did n't buy it .
And Obama , Feinstein , Bayh and the other 19 were right .
Toobin 's point today , four years later is that Roberts ' record is that of a " doctrinaire conservative . "
Toobin is being polite .
There 's nothingabout the record .
John Roberts is a radical right activist and a dangerous ideologue .
It 's incumbent upon President Obama to appoint judges to counterbalance this partisan , ideological trend represented by Roberts and backed up by Scalia , Thomas , Alito , and , more often than not , Kennedy .
If Brandeis , Frankfurter and Black are the model , this crew is the anti-model .
No one outside of Michigan knows much about her , beyond her good lucks , her Canadian birth and the fact that she was just re-elected governor of Michigan .
Today ' sthough , paints a picture of her as one tough cookie .
A former federal prosecutor and state Attorney General , her legal record is dead - center .
“ As the A.G. , in my judgment , she never showed a strong passion for the right or left of center , ” said Steven A. Freeman , a criminal defense lawyer in Lansing , Mich. , who estimates that he faced off in court with Ms. Granholm ’s team on at least 60 cases .
“ If you did n’t know her , you could n’t tell if she was a Democrat or a Republican , conservative or liberal . ”
Labels : John Roberts , Obama 's judicial nominees , Supreme Court
Black Prophecy Game
The largest winners tend to be men , but this can be almost certainly since the majority of the participants are usually men .
In several occasions , it ’s been discovered a website that has a good popularity is very secure to pick rather than the one that can .
This can be one of the numerous small methods that casinos use to make a that it ’s enjoyment to stay .
They will ship your benefit two - weeks later and occasionally never .
The website has produced each effort to ensure that this staff could be approached swiftly and at any time of the afternoon or nighttime .
Although that is good , we comprehend lots of you will need to work for the neighborhood poker rather .
﻿ Deposit Options
Additionally , there are get one - get one free delivers on cards plus a variety of activities also .
baccarat would like one to think that you can location habits in hopes you will provide yourself phony assurance , raise your gambles and over time lose additional money in their mind .
It does n’t matter what type of game you are playing , each gamer should be aware of and follow such easy manners to steadfastly keep up a cleanse , if not entirely good , exciting .
﻿ User Friendly Casino Answers
The explanation for this is the misconception of many people that the particular event within the casino game must happen in the course of time .
In the event you do n’t possess the willpower to move lower when your bankroll demands you must , you ’ll get shattered .
An expert person will often await the correct group of cards , many of the times ; specially online , we ’re not patient adequate and bunch the cards in the wrong time .
Most orders can move across a Protected Socket Layer engineering for that top safety of all data .
It calculates to being worth phoning using three Queens or greater , because that defeats more of his probable palms than it drops to .
Someone could also possess the capability to earn a lot more than what they initially located the bet for .
If you discover the attributes mentioned above remarkable , subsequently it can stop here .
Nicely this is is obviously within the concept , it ’s a type of advantage that you just do n’t have to produce a deposit so that you can assert .
Nevertheless you should nevertheless be traditional about this and choose cautiously the hands to enjoy .
The first strip provides quantities from to several , along with the second - row offers statistics from four to six , an such like .
Table selection is one of the critical expertise that huge winners use with their benefit .
This watch was the original Laptop game and experience the achievements was both console programs , particularly , made a decision to consider the half the game for action .
Small stakes with no pay roulette games would be the way to go for novices , thus make sure to study through to free roulette training also for you really to learn - about things like pot odds and usable purses .
﻿ Requirements for Game
From my perspective that debate is all about as shut because the Air argument ; do we truly need it or not .
They ’re generally spectacular girls , though you ’ll find sporadically man sellers as well .
Practices such as for example intended odds , expected importance and box odds are at the core of each and every improve , phone or crease .
It ’s the modern jackpot slots that spend over huge amount of money .
Below , you need to be taking a casino wherever they allow you to employ third - party transaction alternatives .
You can undergo an internet gambling manual to get a improved snapshot of one other interesting games .
Like a player who would like to reap the benefits of no deposit bonus to play in real money setting at a web - based blackjack for your first time , the second solution must be an improved decision for you .
It is positively not advisable to get into a funds game before you ’re apparent together with the terms and techniques of the game .
Gambler ’s labels , their existing bank - move , and current bets are often displayed at their own locations up for grabs .
If you needed any further proof that Australians are the best cosplayers in the universe , then allow me to offer as evidence The Dalekettes .
These ladies created their own femme Dalek outfits and swanned around Supanova in Brisbane , capturing hearts and exterminating the population .
I like this look way more than the bogus " cyberwoman " who was on Torchwood .
Advertisement
via Echidnite 's LJ Thanks , Mr. Baby Man !
( CNN ) --
The migration patterns of basking sharks have long mystified marine biologists , but new research has finally revealed where the world 's second - biggest fish hide out for half of every year .
Despite growing to over 10 meters in length , basking sharks have often eluded close scientific study .
" While commonly sighted in surface waters during summer and autumn months , the disappearance of basking sharks during winter has been a great source of debate ever since an article in 1954 suggested that they hibernate on the ocean floor during this time , " said Gregory Skomal of Massachusetts Marine Fisheries , one of the authors of a report recently published in " Current Biology " .
" Some 50 years later , we have helped to solve the mystery while completely re-defining the known distribution of this species . "
Using new satellite - tagging and a new geo-location technique , the researchers found that basking sharks make long migrations through tropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean during the winter , traveling at depths of 200 to 1,000 meters .
The researcher 's data show that the sharks sometimes stay at those depths for weeks or even months at a time .
" In doing so , they have completely avoided detection by humans for millennia , " Skomal said in the report .
Basking sharks are the world 's second - largest fish and can grow to more than 10 meters -- more than 30 feet -- and weigh more than seven tons .
Skomal said they were " absolutely surprised " when they first received a signal from the tagged sharks coming from the tropical waters of the western Atlantic , in the vicinity of the Caribbean and Bahamas .
Before the study basking sharks were believed to be cool - water sharks , restricted to temperate regions .
Several factors made basking sharks a challenge to study .
Added to their annual disappearing act , they feed exclusively on plankton , which means they can't readily be captured with traditional rod-and - reel methods .
Even when the sharks are found closer to the ocean surface , they spend their time in the cool - temperature , plankton - rich waters that limit underwater visibility and make diving difficult .
The researchers believe their findings could have important implications for the conservation of basking sharks , which have shown some signs of dramatic decline in the last half century and are listed as threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature .
" Coupled with recent genetic data , our finding indicates that the Atlantic population -- and perhaps the world population -- are connected and may constitute a single population , " Skomal said .
" Hence , the global population of basking sharks may be even smaller than previously thought . "
All About Nature and the Environment
The murderer ’s reprieve means that his sentence will likely be commuted to life in prison as long as he commits no further offences in the next two years .
When it comes to motorcycles , you do n’t see much variation in exterior design , but if companies thought outside the box , this is what may arise .
Continue reading to see more .
nUCLEUS
Unlike other motorcycles , the nUCLEUS concept has a mechanism that allows the motorcycle to automatically lowers the frame when not in motion , and elevates it again once you ’re in motion .
It ’s powered by an electric motor and has LED headlights / taillights .
One caveat : the seat does n’t look very comfortable .
Deus Ex Machina
We have seen the future of motorcycles , and it ’s the Deus Ex Machina — created by Loniak Design for Yamaha Racing .
Powered by nano - phoshpate batteries / ultra- capacitors , this wearable motorcycle features 36 pneumatic muscles , mated to 2 linear actuators set on an artificial spine with seven vertebrae .
The designer claims that the vehicle will have a top speed of 75 mph , go from 0 - 60 mph in 3 - seconds , and recharge in just 15 - minutes .
The engine is a loaner from S&S Turbine Services , a Canadian firm that rebuilds J79s for repressurizing natural gas wells .
The current engine has been souped up to generate 42,500 horsepower , but the one Eagle will get from S&S for the record run will top out near 50,000 horsepower .
The rules are simple .
Clock the racer through a measured mile , turn around and do it again , then average the two speeds .
Mr. Shadle said Eagle would need 11 miles for each run : a mile to warm up to 250 miles per hour ; four miles to light off the afterburner and get up to record speed ; a mile in the speed trap ; and five miles to stop .
The vehicle must have at least four wheels — two of them steerable — and be back at the original start line within 60 minutes .
And that ’s it .
“ You race Formula One or Nascar , the rule books are as thick as the Bible , ” Mr. Shadle said .
“ For this , the rule book is a half - page long . ”
Image TRANSFORMED
The fuselage of the Lockheed F - 104 Starfighter .
Credit ...
Landspeed
But consider the challenges .
Rubber tires turn to molten licorice at anything above 350 miles per hour , so the Eagle uses custom - built , single - billet aluminum alloy wheels , grooved for traction on soft surfaces .
They will not work on asphalt or concrete .
The brakes are special alloy magnets that generate 4,700 brake horsepower as the magnetized drum approaches the moving aluminum wheel , slowing it gradually without ever locking up .
The big imponderable is the sound barrier .
In the sky , the shock wave simply dissipates .
But on land , it bounces off the ground and can flip a racer into the air .
Since each car is unique , the problem has to be solved differently every time .
Computer modeling is important — but only up to a point .
Mr. Noble of the Bloodhound project is well aware of the challenge .
“ We ’ve done it once , and now we have to do it again , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ The forces are huge — 15 tons were pressing downward on the front of the vehicle when we set the record .
You spend an enormous amount of time on the aerodynamics . ”
President Obama stood at the White House briefing room podium for nearly an hour this afternoon , reiterating his case for health care and energy legislation and issuing a condemnation of violence in Iran before fielding reporters ' questions on foreign policy , the economy and the president 's smoking habits , among other topics .
Below is our live blog .
All times are ET :
1:24 : Obama cites one off his favorite quotes from Martin Luther King to end his comments on Iran and his news conference : " The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice , " the president quotes , adding , " We have to believe that ultimately justice is going to prevail . "
1:23 : Obama says he has seen the video of a woman demonstrator being shot in Iran .
" It 's heartbreaking .
It 's heartbreaking , " the president says .
" I think anyone who sees that knows there is something unjust about that . "
He says he has " concerns ' about reports of quieter streets in Iran and the possibility that it might mean efforts to squelch dissent are succeeding .
1:22 : The administration seeks partnerships with organizations that have " proven records " of placing disadvantaged youths in jobs , Obama says .
" If there are tools that we can duplicate , then we 're going to do so , " he says .
1:20 : Asked about why he's not doing more to stem the African - American unemployment rate , Obama says , The best thing I can do for the African - American community or the Hispanic community or the Asian community or whatever community is to get the economy as a whole moving . "
1:18 : Still on the economy : " What 's incredible to me is how resilient the American people have been , " Obama says .
" I do n't feel satisfied with the progress we have made . "
He says he wants to get stimulus funds into communities faster , and he 's frustrated with the slow pace of mortgage assistance to homeowners .
1:16 : " I anticipate that this is going to be a difficult year , " Obama says of the economy .
He demurs when asked to predict how high unemployment will go .
He says he thinks his policies are helping even though the jobless rate has reached higher levels than the administration predicted .
" In the absence of the stimulus , unemployment would be much worse . "
1:14 : Obama , who meets with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet this afternoon , praises her and President Luiz Lula of Brazil .
Obama calls Lula " a pretty practical kind of guy , " despite a political ideology well to the left of most Americans .
He says the two presidents and their countries are examples to other South American countries " where democracy is not as deeply embedded as we'd like it to be . "
1:10 : Obama bristles when McClatchy Newspapers ' Margaret Talev asks him about his struggle with smoking , a subject of much buzz in the news media this week because of Obama 's signing into law a bill that gives the FDA sweeping authority to regulate tobacco .
" I think it 's fair , Margaret , to say you just think it 's neat to ask me about my smoking , " Obama grouses .
" That 's fine , it 's an interesting human interest story .
Have I fallen off the wagon sometimes , yes .
I would say I am 95 % cured , but there are times when I mess up . "
1:08 : Absent government action " a whole lot of Americans -- they 're not going to have the same health care they have , " Obama predicts .
1:07 : Obama takes a shot at the health insurance industry : " Too often insurance companies have been thinking about how to take premiums and then avoiding how to provide coverage , " he says .
1:05 : " Was the reference to Spock a crack on my ears ? "
Obama asks when ABC's Jake Tapper describes the president 's argument on health care as " Spock - like logic . "
Tapper responds , " I would never make fun of your ears , sir . "
1:02 : " When a young woman gets shot on the street , that 's a problem , " Obama says .
But he wo n't say what consequences Iran may face if it continues suppressing dissent .
Obama says he wants to see what happens .
Reporters may be on a 24 - hour news cycle " but I 'm not , " the president says .
1:00 : " What do you think ? "
Obama says when asked whether calls by John McCain and other Republicans for a stronger statement on Iran influenced him .
" I 'm president of the United States , and I 'll carry out my ideas as I think appropriate , " he says .
12:57 : Obama says private insurers may have " legitimate concerns " about the government - run health insurance plan that he wants as part of any overhaul of the system , but he mocks the idea that Uncle Sam will undercut them : " Why is it the government , which they say can't run anything , suddenly is going to drive them out of business ? "
Obama says .
12:56 : Obama is using a question from USA TODAY 's David Jackson to reiterate his argument for overhauling the health care system , pounding home the same arguments he has made for weeks on the proposal , which appears to be bogged down on Capitol Hill .
12:55 : Providing insurance for the uninsured or for people who are struggling to maintain health coverage is " wise policy , " Obama says .
12:54 : Obama says he can " provide better care at a cheaper cost " by " reallocating dollars that are being spent in the health care system but that are n't being spent well . "
12:52 : Back on health care , Obama says the potential price tag of a plan should not stop a proposed overhaul in its tracks .
" The notion that we can just keep on doing what we 're doing and that 's OK -- that 's just not true , " Obama says .
" We have a long - standing critical problem in our health care system that 's burdening our economy . "
12:50 : " What took you so long ? " Major Garrett of Fox News asks Obama of his tough words on Iran .
" I do n't think that 's accurate , " Obama replies , insisting he 's been speaking out since the beginning of the crisis .
12:46 : Obama gets asked about the Federal Reserve , which would get sweeping powers under his financial regulatory plan .
" I 'm not going to make news about Ben Bernanke , " Obama says of the Federal Reserve chairman , whose term is up next year .
Obama acknowledged the Fed may not have done all it could to stave off last fall 's credit meltdown , but since the crisis , Bernanke " has done a fine job . "
12:42 : Obama calls on a reporter for The Huffington Post to take a question that the reporter says came from an Iranian over the Internet .
The questioner wants to know : Under what conditions would Obama accept the election results in Iran ?
" Ultimately , this is up to the Iranian people to decide who their government is going to be , " the president says .
He argues that there are " international norms " about the treatment of political dissenters that the Iranian government has violated .
" It is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to prosperity and stability , " Obama says .
" We hope they will take it . "
12:40 : The first question is about Iran .
" We are going to monitor and see how this plays itself out before we make any judgments as to how to proceed , " the president says but adds he's " not encouraged " by what he sees .
12:38 : Still delivering lengthy opening remarks , the president reiterates his push for an overhaul of the health care system .
" Unless we fix what is broken in our current system , everyone 's health care will be in jeopardy , " he says .
" Reform is not a luxury .
It 's a necessity . "
12:36 : The president turns toward the clean energy issue .
A bill before the House " is extraordinarily important for our country , " Obama says .
" The nation that leads in creation of a clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the 21st - century global economy . "
12:35 : " Suppressing ideas never makes them go away , " Obama says .
He says the Iranian government " must govern through consent and not coercion . "
12:31 p.m. : President Obama , who has been urged by Republicans such as Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , to speak out more strongly on Iran , says he is " appalled and outraged " by the repression of political demonstrations in Iran .
The United States " respects the sovereighty of the Islamic Republic of Iran , " but " we deplore violence against innocent civilians anywhere , " Obama says .
( Posted by Kathy Kiely )
LOS ANGELES , Calif . —
Three months ago Super Bowl MVP Santonio Holmes was cited for marijuana possession , Olympian Michael Phelps outed with a bong , brother of Barack Obama jailed for possessing one joint of cannabis , so marijuana has been in the news a lot this week .
One candidate for the officer of Mayor of Los Angeles in the upcoming election is hoping the trend continues .
Craig Rubin says , “ Marijuana is the way out of the economic crisis .
Here in California , marijuana is the number one cash crop . ”
Some people in the industry have been speculating that marijuana use could hurt the endorsement value of celebrities .
Bob Dorfman writing an annual marketing report searching for potential Madison Avenue stars to emerge from the Super Bowl noted that MVP Holmes , who was cited for marijuana possession last October , “ Could repel mainstream advertisers or attract munchie food makers . ”
Dorfman is an Executive VP and Creative Director of San Francisco - based agency Baker Street Partners , a company specializing in sports marketing .
Aston Kutcher and Rubin both love the fact that marijuana ’s recently in the news .
Kutcher spoke out in favor of Phelps when the photo went worldwide on Drudgereport.com .
Rubin landed in an article with Brad Pitt in Globe Magazine last week as a “ pot expert . ”
Rubin embraces the marijuana image appearing on Showtime ’s Weeds where other celebrities such as Phelps apologize for smoking pot .
Rubin commented on the Olympian , “ I am sure he is pledging not to get caught because the article noted ‘ he was no amateur on the bong . ’
He was a pro ! ”
Rubin works as a Pastor and teaches at a local College the “ Jewish History of the New Testament . ”
Going against the stereo - type stoner Rubin well dressed in pinstripes shows up early for every scheduled debate and forum held for the candidates .
The current mayor has yet to show up not wanting exposure to public questioning .
Part of Rubin ’s strategy as a Spanish speaking pastor has been to attack Villaraigosa ’s base by going after the Latino community with a message of job creation .
“ I met a bi-lingual Latina social worker named Carmen at the Dolores Mission this past Sunday who said she was voting for me .
I do n’t even want to say what she said about our current mayor , but I do n’t think the Latino vote is that secure for him . ”
When asked about his arrest three years ago Rubin gave a direct straight forward answer that was clear and easy to understand .
“ Yes , I was convicted , but never made to go to jail .
Currently , I am on probation .
I think I was not given a fair trial and I am appealing the conviction . ”
Rubin has even been given permission from the judge to open a “ marijuana facility ” and he ’ll be on KABC ’s “ McIntyre in the Morning ” this coming Friday explaining more .
Rubin represented himself at trial , but most lawyers will tell you that receiving no jail time for a felony conviction is quite an accomplishment even for a seasoned attorney .
Michael Levin , an attorney from Bruce Margolin ’s office , noted during trial that he was impressed with Rubin ’s courtroom skills .
When asked why he chose to represent himself Rubin gives an interesting answer that leaves one questioning our justice system .
“ I wanted to have an attorney , ” Rubin told the crowd after his appeal hearing .
Rubin ’s case was selected for a “ court tour ” with college and law students participating in a question answer session after the hearing .
“ I did n’t trust anyone after my first two experiences with attorneys on this case . ”
Rubin explains , “ Antonio Garcia , who we later identified as an LAPD officer , initially approached me saying he worked for Legalzoom.com and that Robert Shapiro wanted to defend me .
After meeting with Mr. Shapiro for more than two hours we came to realize he did n’t want to help us , but was doing someone a favor by seeing us for free .
We got what we paid for .
I paid another attorney to represent me through trial , but she left us right before trial refusing to give us a copy of the retainer agreement or our money back .
She worked for the government too . ”
More information : http://www.Craigx4mayor.org
Send2Press ( R ) is the originating wire service for this story , Copr. 2009 .
[ tags ] Craig X Rubin , Temple420 , Los Angeles mayor , marijuana legalization [ / tags ]
Anzeige
Die beiden mutmaßlichen KaDeWe - Einbrecher sind aus der Untersuchungshaft entlassen worden , obwohl mindestens einer von ihnen am Tatort war .
Die gefundenen DNA - Spuren gehören zu einem der beiden Brüder , es könne aber nicht sicher geklärt werden , zu welchem , gestand die Staatsanwaltschaft .
Daher seien die Haftbefehle aufgehoben worden .
Die 27 - jährigen Libanesen Hassan und Abbas O. sind eineiige Zwillinge und haben nahezu identisches Erbmaterial .
Die beiden Männer stehen im Verdacht , am 25 .
Januar in das Berliner Luxuskaufhaus KaDeWe eingebrochen zu sein und Schmuck und Uhren im Millionenwert gestohlen zu haben .
Die Polizei fahndet weiterhin nach einem dritten Täter .
Auch von der Beute fehlt bislang jede Spur .
Die DNA - Spur , die zu den Verdächtigen geführt hatte , war in einem Schweißfleck gefunden worden , den die Ermittler in einem am Tatort von den Tätern zurückgelassenen Handschuh entdeckten .
Mit derzeitigen medizinischen Erkenntnissen sei das Genmaterial der Brüder nicht zu unterscheiden , bedauerte die Staatsanwaltschaft .
Auch die weiteren Tatortspuren , Beweismittel und Untersuchungen hätten in dieser Frage nicht zu einem eindeutigen Ergebnis geführt .
Anzeige
Die Staatsanwaltschaft erläuterte weiter , dass laut Gesetz jedem der beiden Beschuldigten zugestanden werden müsse , dass jeweils der andere am Tatort war .
Sie betonte aber , es bestehe weiterhin Tatverdacht , daher würden die Ermittlungen weiter laufen .
Das Verfahren , mit dem die Erbanlagen eineiiger Zwillinge unterschieden werden können , ist nicht nur aufwendig , sondern relativ neu und gilt als noch nicht ausgereift , sagte ein Wissenschaftler des Rechtsmedizinischen Institutes der Charite in Berlin .
Vor allem seien Teile dieses Verfahrens als Beweismittel vor deutschen Gerichten momentan noch nicht zugelassen .
Das sei neben der Analyse ein weiteres Problem .
Schon unmittelbar nach dem Fund der DNA - Spur hatte es Berichte gegeben , wonach eine Verurteilung der beiden Tatverdächtigen an diesen Problemen scheitern könnte .
Das hatte der Sprecher der Berliner Staatsanwaltschaft , Michael Grunwald , aber stets als Spekulation zurückgewiesen .
Anzeige
Hassan und Abbas O. waren in einem Lokal im niedersächsischen Rotenburg ( Wümme ) festgenommen worden .
Hassan O. lebt dort mit seinen Eltern und weiteren Geschwistern .
Sein Bruder Abbas wohnte zuletzt mit seiner Familie in Gifhorn , nahe Wolfsburg .
Die beiden Libanesen , beide bereits polizeibekannt , wurden nach der Festnahme strikt voneinander getrennt , um jede Verwechslungsgefahr auszuschließen .
Der Anwalt von einem der beiden Brüder sagte der Berliner Zeitung " Tagesspiegel “ : " Dass die Mandanten schweigen , heißt nicht , dass sie etwas zu verbergen haben , sondern dass sie von ihrem Grundrecht Gebrauch machen . "
Ein in Neukölln lebender Bruder der Zwillinge holte Hassan und Abbas O. aus Moabit mit dem Auto ab .
" Wir fahren jetzt erst einmal zu mir in die Wohnung .
Dort warten unsere Schwester und Mutter auf uns “ , sagte der Bruder dem " Tagesspiegel " .
Danach fahre man weiter nach Rotenburg .
Seine Zwillingsbrüder ließen ausrichten , dass sie " stolz sind auf den deutschen Rechtsstaat und ihm danken “ .
Batman Arkham Asylum ’a release date is getting closer and closer , and to get everyone aquainted with the game ’s unique combat system , director Sefton Hill was kind enough to put together a video walkthrough .
The walkthrough shows and explains the “ Free Flow ” combat system in the game .
The video takes place in one of the game ’s challenge maps , and shows Batman taking down multiple enemies by entering “ Free Flow ” mode .
Check it out below , and let us know what you think !
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcQMtez-48o[/youtube]
[ Source ]
Deficits Threaten US Dollar Supremacy
Everything is happening … just as we thought it would .
Stocks are rising .
And people think they see better times coming .
Whoa … this is eerie !
Following the great crash of ’ 07 - ’09 cometh the rebound .
Hesitant , cautious at first …
Then , people begin to believe it .
They begin to see the “ green shoots ” of a revival .
Stock prices rise .
The green shoots sink deeper roots and flower .
Pretty soon , people think they are knee - high in clover .
Confidence is rising .
Consumers , house - holders , investors – all think the worst is over .
And if the worst is over , better times must be coming .
If better times are coming , prices should be rising .
And investors should be making money .
And businesses should be expanding .
It ’s all happening as forecast .
Except that businesses are n’t expanding .
The underlying economy is not really getting better .
It ’s actually getting weaker .
But we ’ll talk about that another day .
Today …we issue a warning : watch out , the greenback is going into the toaster oven …
Yesterday , the dollar held steady at $ 1.36 .
Meanwhile , the Dow gave up 29 points … after a strong day yesterday .
Oil rose over $ 60 .
And gold gained $ 5 to $ 926 .
First , here ’s what Nouriel Roubini had to say in the New York Times :
“ We may now be entering the Asian century , dominated by a rising China and its currency , ” Roubini contends .
“ This decline of the dollar might take more than a decade , but it could happen even sooner if we do not get our financial house in order .
The United States must rein in spending and borrowing , and pursue growth that is not based on asset and credit bubbles .
For the last two decades America has been spending more than its income , increasing its foreign liabilities and amassing debts that have become unsustainable . ”
Yes , it could take more than a decade .
But investors could take a big loss any day .
All it would take would be a sudden move by China…or a shocking inflation figure in the US … or a Treasury bond auction that does n’t go as planned .
Everyone is watching the United States … carefully .
And foreigners hold trillions ’ worth of dollar - based assets outside the US .
These are dollars that people hold , not to pay their bills or buy gasoline , but as a speculation .
They ’re speculating the greenback will hold its value as well or better than the other things they might do with their money .
Europeans hedge their bets against the euro – with dollars .
Asians hedge their bets against falling stock prices .
Russians hedge their bets against the ruble .
Latin Americans hedge their bets against their own pesos , bolivars and cordobas .
Everybody likes dollars because they are the most trusted money in the world .
For the last 50 years , nothing could compete with the dollar .
( Even though the dollar lost value against a number of other currencies over long periods of time . )
These foreign holders are already nervous .
They ’ve seen the mess the US has gotten itself into .
They read the headlines .
They watch the news .
They know that the US is running a budget deficit this year equal to four times the biggest budget deficit ever – a record set just last year .
It is as if a runner broke the record in the 100 - yard dash … and then ran the course four times faster a year later .
This is not progress .
This is spooky .
The Chinese already let the US know they were worried .
“ We trust you to protect the value of our assets , ” they said to the American Treasury secretary .
And as long as they trust the US to keep its promises and protect its money , they ’ll continue to hold US dollar investments – notably , US Treasury bonds .
But just wait until the US loses their trust .
In a matter of minutes , China could dump enough US dollars to set off alarms all over the world .
All of a sudden dollar holders would rush for the exits – each one trying to get out before the others .
In minutes , the dollar market could collapse … taking down US Treasury bonds with it .
Our Pittsburgh correspondent thinks he sees this happening soon .
“ Bye Bye US Dollar !!! ” writes Byron King .
“ We ’ll go to bed one night and wake up the next morning and the dollar will be toast …
“ Wow …
Have we in the US screwed ourselves , or what ?
The rest of the world has to be watching us and laughing up its sleeve .
A big , muscle - bound superpower with a declining industrial base , sitting around navel - gazing about how much more of our industry we ’ll dismantle ; how much of our energy production we ’ll curtail …
Meet the future … ”
*** Friend and colleague Byron King sent the following article from the Financial Times :
“ Brazil and China eye plan to axe dollar , ” the article begins .
“ Brazil and China will work towards using their own currencies in trade transactions rather than the US dollar , according to Brazil ’s central bank and aides to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Brazil ’s president .
“ The move follows recent Chinese challenges to the status of the dollar as the world ’s leading international currency .
“ Mr Lula da Silva , who is visiting Beijing this week , and Hu Jintao , China ’s president , first discussed the idea of replacing the dollar with the renminbi and the real as trade currencies when they met at the G20 summit in London last month .
“ An official at Brazil ’s central bank stressed that talks were at an early stage .
He also said that what was under discussion was not a currency swap of the kind China recently agreed with Argentina and which the US had agreed with several countries , including Brazil .
“ Currency swaps are not necessarily trade related , ” the official said .
“ The funds can be drawn down for any use .
What we are talking about now is Brazil paying for Chinese goods with reals and China paying for Brazilian goods with renminbi . ”
“ Mr Zhou recently proposed replacing the US dollar as the world ’s leading currency with a new international reserve currency , possibly in the form of special drawing rights ( SDRs ) , a unit of account used by the International Monetary Fund .
“ In an essay posted on the People ’s Bank of China ’s website , Mr Zhou said the goal would be to create a reserve currency ‘ that is disconnected from individual nations . ’ ”
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Los turistas extranjeros que lleguen a la ciudad de México a partir del próximo verano contarán con un seguro de gastos médicos mayores , contra cualquier enfermedad o virus , al momento de registrarse en su hotel
[ email protected ]
Los turistas extranjeros que lleguen a la ciudad de México a partir del próximo verano contarán con un seguro de gastos médicos mayores , contra cualquier enfermedad o virus , al momento de registrarse en su hotel .
Para disponer del beneficio , el gobierno capitalino solicitará a los visitantes que dejen constancia , a través de un video o por escrito , de su experiencia en la ciudad .
Con el fin de atraer al turismo nacional , las autoridades instrumentarán también un programa para que a través de la tarjeta Viaja Ciudad de México los trabajadores reciban un crédito y visiten la capital ; además , con el plástico tendrán acceso a descuentos en restaurantes , museos , parque de diversiones y renta de autos .
Ver DF
Bill Gates To Come Out Of Semi-Retirement
Our intrepid Microsoft insider has just informed us that there is rumbling that good old Bill may be coming out of semi-retirement to take over Microsoft , à la Steve Jobs .
Apparently Bill has been feeling that his old pal , Ballmer , screwed things up royally with Windows Vista and Microsoft needs an inspirational leader like himself to helm it through the current economic crisis .
According to the sketchy details , Ballmer will remain Microsoft 's CEO , but Gates will directly take over the Windows 7 programme and correct " fundamental problems " with its marketing and new features like Windows Anytime Upgrade and the Windows 7 Upgrade Option Program .
Amongst those changes being proposed are :
Offer free upgrades ( to Windows 7 ) to dissatisfied Windows Vista users , based on Microsoft 's database of users who had earlier lodged complaints with Microsoft Support Services about performance or compatibility issues .
( to Windows 7 ) to dissatisfied Windows Vista users , based on Microsoft 's database of users who had earlier lodged complaints with Microsoft Support Services about performance or compatibility issues .
Reduce shelf prices of Windows 7 by 30 - 50 % , depending on geographic locations .
, depending on geographic locations .
Extend Windows Anytime Upgrade to Windows XP and Windows Vista users , but only to allow them to purchase Windows 7 at 50 % off shelf prices .
to Windows XP and Windows Vista users , but only to allow them to .
Provide free Windows 7 licences to certified educational institutions .
to certified educational institutions .
Provide free Windows 7 licences for netbooks destined for emerging market .
for netbooks destined for emerging market .
Donate at least 10 % of Windows 7 sale proceeds to charities in each country .
of Windows 7 sale proceeds to charities in each country .
Make at least part of the Windows 7 code base publicly available .
Whether any of the above comes true remains to be seen .
Certainly , they are amongst the most common wishes of Microsoft users worldwide - to have a better , open and more affordable operating system .
So , come on , Bill !
Make our wishes come true !
Other C. Lee Yu Exposes !
Other Microsoft Scoops
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
When developing stack - based containers for RDESTL I ’ve encountered the following problem - how to get block of uninitialized memory that ’s aligned properly for type T. Consider fixed_vector class :
template class fixed_array { ... char m_data [ N * sizeof ( T ) ] ;
template struct alignof_helper { char x ; T y ; } ; template struct alignof { enum { res = offsetof ( alignof_helper , y ) } ; } ;
CHECK_EQUAL ( 16 , rde :: alignof < __m128 > :: res ) ;
First part of a problem solved .
However , “ res ” can not be simply used as an argument to __declspec( align ) .
Instead , we have to create basic types with most common alignments .
__declspec ( align ( 16 ) ) struct aligned 16 { uint64_t member [ 2 ] ; } ; template struct type_with_alignment { typedef char err_invalid_alignment [ N > 0 ? - 1 : 1 ] ; } ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 0 > {} ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 1 > { uint8_t member ; } ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 2 > { uint16_t member ; } ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 4 > { uint32_t member ; } ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 8 > { uint64_t member ; } ; template <> struct type_with_alignment < 16 > { aligned16 member ; } ; ... template struct aligned_as { typedef typename internal :: type_with_alignment < alignof :: res > res ; } ;
Finally , we create array of properly aligned types instead of chars .
We also have to modify array size , as element size is no longer one byte , it needs to be corrected :
typedef typename aligned_as :: res etype_t ; etype_t m_data [ ( N * sizeof ( T ) ) / sizeof ( etype_t ) ] ;
Reg 2009-03-08 11:26:37
I suppose you could use __alignof instead of this alignof_helper struct with offsetof .
admin 2009-03-08 11:59:45
jason gregory 2010-04-04 23:40:33
Bloggers weigh in on the California octuplets , their mother ’s judgment , her doctor ’s ethics  and the family ’s future .
“ Why are we , as mothers , so disturbed by this story ?
I can only answer for myself .
I look into the faces of my two children and think of the amount of time and energy it has taken to raise them into the young adults they have become . ”
— Blogger Amy Zimmerman mulls over “ the countless hours walking the floor with sick kids , the hours of homework and carpooling , dance recitals , soccer games and school plays , disappointments and victories .
Then I multiply it .... ”
“ I believe strongly that women themselves should decide how many children they have  or do n’t have ....
However , the circumstances in this case appear to point to a woman who is already unable to care for the large family she has . ”
— Blogger Katie Allison Granju calls the situation the “ perfect storm of unethical medical care ”  a fluke that brought a “ psychologically vulnerable patient ” together with a “ one - in - a - million crazy doctor . ”
“ Ending up with eight fetuses is not something that is medically indicated , but rather an accident  or better yet  lack of proper medical care . ”
— Fox News ’s Dr. Manny Alvarez alleges that the mother ’s fertility doctors violated the physician ’s oath : “ First , do no harm . ”
Facebook expressed disappointment over the ban
Iran has blocked access to social networking site Facebook ahead of June 's presidential elections , Iran 's Ilna news agency and web users say .
Ilna says the move is aimed at stopping supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi from using the site for his campaign .
Facebook , which says it has 175 m users worldwide , expressed its disappointment over the reported ban .
So far there has been no comment from the Tehran authorities .
' Access not possible '
" Access to the Facebook site was prohibited several days ahead of the presidential elections , " Ilna reported .
Mr Mousavi was Iran 's prime minister when the post was abolished in 1989
It said that " according to certain Internet surfers , the site was banned because supporters of Mir Hossein Mousavi were using Facebook to better disseminate the candidate 's positions " .
CNN staff in Tehran reported that people attempting to visit the site received a message in Farsi that said : " Access to this site is not possible . "
Facebook expressed disappointment that its site was apparently blocked in Iran " at a time when voters are turning to the Internet as a source of information about election candidates and their positions " .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , a former prime minister , is seen as one of the leading challengers to incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the 12 June elections .
His page on Facebook has more than 5,000 supporters .
U.S. drone attack kills 60 in Pakistan , reports say
At least 60 people have been killed and dozens wounded in northwest Pakistan in a series of missile raids believed to have been carried out by a United States drone , local news reports said .
The first missile attack early on Tuesday hit what authorities said was a Taliban training centre in South Waziristan on the Afghan border .
A few hours later , a second attack was carried out during a funeral procession for an insurgent commander killed earlier in the day .
Residents of the area said that half of the dead were civilians .
Local villagers , not just militants , attend funerals of Taliban .
Baitullah Mehsud , an al - Qaeda supporter accused of plotting the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto had been in the area but was not hurt , a Taliban official said .
The Pentagon denied any U.S. involvement .
It goes without saying that people who think they can get away from the police and helicopters by driving really fast are not very smart .
But it takes a special kind of retard to prepare and war mashine to just screw the cops and show them who is the boss .
Unfortunately by the time he hit the last building , it was too late to remember he was out of plutonium for the flux capacitor .
Yesterday , the MLB 2009 season started being broadcasted live on the Internet by MLB .
TV using Flash instead of Silverlight .
After one year of using Silverlight , MLB switched back to Flash due to problems plaguing Microsoft ’s player .
Microsoft had a one year deal for 2008 with MLB to use Silverlight as streaming platform for their MLB .
TV web site with half a million subscribers .
The MLB 2009 season started yesterday with a web site full of Flash and an online TV station broadcasting on Flash according to the 2 years deal with MLB announced by Adobe in November last year .
Little was said regarding the reasons why MLB renounced to Silverlight , but some details have transpired according to CNET .
One of the main problems is availability of the player which cannot be installed at work by people without administrative rights .
The other major reason was the series of glitches affecting last year ’s Opening Day and the week following which most probably frustrated many subscribers which had difficulty logging in and watching the games .
Today , using Flash , MLB .TV offers the games in HD with DVR quality with pause and rewind even for live games , with game or player highlights using picture in picture , the ability to watch 4 games in the same time , the possibility to choose between radio and TV announcers , and player tracker .
While Microsoft lost a very important customer , Silverlight still provides coverage for NBA , NCAA events though CBS College Sports , and provides streaming for Blockbuster ’s MovieLink and Netflix ’ Instant Watch .
U.S. ' riding roughshod ' over UK as Guantanamo detainees sent to Bermuda in secret deal
The U.S. is accused of ' riding roughshod ' over the UK by failing to consult on a deal to send former Guantanamo detainees to British colony Bermuda .
Senior MP
Mike Gapes , who chairs the influential Commons foreign affairs committee , suggested Washington may have offered to go ' soft ' on the island 's tax haven status as a sweetener .
Downing Street also pointed the finger at the Bermudan government for apparently acting beyond its powers in unilaterally accepting the four Chinese Muslim Uighurs .
From Guantanamo : Chinese Uighur detainees
To Bermuda :
The four have been sent to the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda - without Downing Street 's permission
It has ordered an urgent security check and is considering what steps to take over the controversial transfer , which took place yesterday .
Mr Gapes , a Labour MP , said : ' The U.S. is clearly determined to act in what it perceives as its own national interest even riding roughshod over what it should have done , which is spoken to the British Government .
' The proper authority here is the British Government and the U.S. should have consulted with the Foreign and Commonwealth Office before they did anything of this kind , ' he told BBC Radio 4's The World at One .
' I wonder what promises have been given to the Bermudians , potentially about going a bit soft on the tax haven status or something else as a quid pro quo . '
The arrival of Barack Obama in the White House did not mean an end to America acting in its own interests , said Gapes .
Bermuda 's Prime Minister Ewart Brown will be under fire for apparently acting beyond his powers in accepting the four
' We need to be aware that , despite the change of U.S. administration , there are going to be problems sometimes with the U.S. when it acts in a way which does n't take account of and does n't consult with its allies . '
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague said it was ' astonishing ' that Downing Street knew nothing about the situation .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband has spoken to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the wake of the transfer amid anger at this deal which kept London in the dark .
' We have underlined to the Bermuda government that it should have consulted the UK on whether this falls within their competence or is a security issue for which the Bermuda government do not have delegated responsibility , ' a Foreign Office spokesman said .
' We have made clear the need for a security assessment which we are now helping them to carry out . '
Mr Hague demanded an explanation from Mr Miliband and said the Government appeared to have ' lost grip of running the country ' .
' It is astonishing that an agreement of such significance between the U.S. and Bermuda , involving the resettlement of four former terrorist suspects to a British Overseas Territory , could have taken place without a ripple reaching Whitehall , ' he said .
' The UK is responsible for Bermuda 's external relations , defence and security and for appointing its Governor .
Yet the FCO appears to have had no idea that these discussions were taking place .
' This can only confirm the perception that the Labour Government has been so busy with its own internal turmoil that it has lost grip of running the country .
' Even before this blunder there were serious questions about whether the Government has paid sufficient attention to the UK Overseas Territories .
The four former detainees did not have papers so could not travel to the UK .
Bermuda Premier Ewart Brown agreed the deal as President Obama bids to find nations willing to accept remaining ex-detainees from the controversial Cuba camp which he has pledged to close .
U.S. authorities have deemed the four not to have been enemy combatants - but Mr Gapes questioned why in that case they could not be allowed to settle in America .
He said : ' If these people are no threat to anybody then why on earth does n't the United States accept them into U.S. territory ?'
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The Bank of England stepped up its campaign to boost the struggling economy , raising the size of its asset purchase programme on Thursday in a surprise move tantamount to printing an extra 50 billion pounds to get banks lending again .
The central bank kept rates at a record low of 0.5 percent as expected , but surprised markets by moving swiftly to reassure them that its scheme to buy up government and corporate bonds with newly - created money would last at least 3 months more .
Sterling lost ground against the euro and dollar on the news , but gilt futures more than halved earlier hefty losses that had taken bond yields back up to levels last seen in February , before Bank Governor Mervyn King had seriously mooted the policy of quantitative easing .
Traders had been worried the Bank would wait until next week ’s quarterly Inflation Report , or even next month ’s policy meeting , before deciding whether to expand the initial 75 billion pounds of asset purchases , which looked set for completion around the end of this month .
“ We are a little taken aback by the decision to increase the quantitative easing target by 50 billion pounds .
We had thought it more likely the Monetary Policy Committee would sit and wait to assess the impact of the existing programme rather than expand it right away , ” said Philip Shaw , economist at Investec .
“ Clearly , committee members have been spooked by some poor backward - looking domestic and international economic data .
But the statement also points out that forward looking numbers are showing promising signs . ”
ASSET PURCHASE BOOST
The Bank of England ’s quantitative easing policy aims to help the economy by ensuring inflation stays close to its 2 percent target even when output looks likely to suffer its worst year since the aftermath of World War Two .
So far , the Bank has spent about 50 billion pounds of the 75 billion pounds it said in March it would spend on government and corporate debt .
Chancellor Alistair Darling has authorised the Bank to spend up to 150 billion .
Buying debt with newly created money boosts the money supply and in theory allows banks to lend more freely .
It is intended to limit the undershoot in inflation -- which fell to 2.9 percent in March -- the Bank expects later this year .
“ That stimulus should in due course lead to a recovery in economic growth , bringing inflation back towards the 2 percent target .
But the timing and strength of that recovery is highly uncertain , ” the central bank said .
The Bank added it would continue to keep its quantitative easing policy under review .
The central bank said it saw promising signs that the pace of economic decline in Britain and overseas was starting to moderate , but that weak world demand , higher household saving and bank restructuring would slow recovery .
On the positive side , policy moves by the Bank of England and the government as well as the boost to British competitiveness by the fall in sterling would help growth .
Britain ’s economy shrank at its fastest pace since 1979 in the first three months of this year .
However , recent surveys suggest the pace of decline is slowing .
Consumer confidence has picked up markedly over the past two months , equity prices have jumped by a fifth and money market strains appear to be easing .
Updating and rebuilding Android
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
This is one in a series of articles on working with the Android Developer Phone ( ADP1 ) device .
In the previous episode , your editor went through the process of updating the software on the ADP1 .
This time around , we 'll look at the latest software builds , then take a beginning look at the process of actually building new software for the device .
Your editor started by testing out the Android 1.5 images provided by HTC , the manufacturer of the ADP1 .
The provision of these images is a nice step forward by HTC ; thus far , ADP1 owners have felt somewhat left out when new versions of the firmware have been released .
This time around , they have the new software at about the same time as everybody else .
The 1.5 update is done in the usual way : use the " adb " tool to copy it to / sdcard / update.zip on the phone , then reboot into the recovery image to actually install the new code .
Two such iterations are required this time around ; there is an update to the ( closed - source ) radio code which must be applied first .
Sidebar : USB cables
If , in the process of pushing updates to the ADP1 , you get failures with " protocol error " messages , you 're not alone .
It turns out that the device is sensitive to noise introduced by low - quality USB cables ; one needs a well - built cable for this task .
Note : the cable packed with the ADP1 does not qualify as " well - built . "
So what 's new in Android 1.5 ?
The biggest user - visible feature is almost certainly the on - screen keyboard .
It 's no longer necessary to open the keyboard to send a quick text message .
The on - screen keyboard is somewhat painful for your fat - fingered editor to use when the phone is in the portrait orientation , but it works better in the landscape mode .
One has to wonder , though , what inspired the Android developers to dedicate a significant chunk of scarce screen space to a " smiley " key .
There are plenty of characters which would have been rather more useful in that position .
Beyond that , the 1.5 release includes " Latitudes " support for those of you who want to continuously report your real - world location to the Google mother ship .
There are simple screen effects which come into play when switching between applications and orientations .
Holding the power button gives quick access to " airplane mode . "
The camera is quite a bit more responsive .
The zoom icons are smaller and more discrete .
GPS acquisition is said to be faster ; your editor has not had a chance to test that claim , but it would certainly be a welcome improvement .
The orientation - awareness ( turn the phone on its side and the display switches to landscape mode ) that has been a feature of the Jesus Freke builds for a while is now part of the core platform .
And so on .
Mostly small stuff , but it 's enough to make for a nicer feel to the platform overall .
Speaking of the JesusFreke builds , the JFv1.50 build , based on 1.5 , is also available ; your editor promptly installed it .
This build is basic Android 1.5 with a number of additions , including multitouch support , tethering support , an augmented init daemon , a whole set of busybox - based command - line utilities , and more ; see the full list for the details .
As usual , these builds add a number of nice features to the phone ; anybody who is interested in really playing with the device will likely prefer the JF version of the software .
Remaking JF builds
Playing with new builds is fun , but this is free software .
The real fun comes from rebuilding the software from the source , perhaps with specific changes .
There are two levels at which this can be done .
The first is to use the Jesus Freke " build environments . "
Essentially , the build environment is a tarball containing the modifications made to create the JF image , along with the necessary scripts .
There 's a new kernel containing multitouch and unionfs support , along with the patches needed to create it .
Busybox is found there , as are a number of other useful diagnostic tools , an ssh client , and more .
To create a new build , it is necessary to get the associated official build , place it within the build environment , then run make .
With any luck , the end result is an update .zip file ready to be flashed into the phone .
One of the interesting things your editor learned from looking at the images ( and from talking to Mr. Freke ) is that the JF builds do not actually involve rebuilding much of the Android system .
It 's mostly a matter of unpacking an official build and making a few creative substitutions .
The kernel has been remade , as has the browser application ( to support multitouch zooming ) .
Everything else is just a matter of shuffling files around .
So the JF build environments can be useful for somebody else wanting to do the same kind of manipulations , but more extensive changes require building the system at a lower level .
Building Android from source
Remaking Android from the source code turns out to be a bit of a challenge .
What follows here is a brief set of instructions derived from the Android " building for Dream " page , some hints helpfully provided by GeunSik Lim , and a fair amount of painful experience .
In summary : most of the code needed to rebuild the platform is available , but ( 1 ) it 's not a quick or simple process , and ( 2 ) there are a few pieces missing .
There 's a number of tools which must be installed on a Linux system to rebuild the Android platform .
These include flex , bison , git , and the Sun Java system .
Beyond that , one must grab the repo tool .
Repo is Google 's answer to the problem of managing a whole set of related repositories ; essentially it is a tool which sits on top of git and manages a whole set of git repositories in parallel .
Once repo has been installed , the meta - repository is set up with a command like :
repo init -u git://android.git.kernel.org/platform/manifest.git
This command pulls down the manifest file describing all the repositories needed to build the platform .
Note that if a branch other than the trunk is desired , it must be obtained during this stage with the - b option ; repo apparently cannot switch branches in an existing source tree .
One then obtains the code by running " repo sync " and going out for coffee .
Incidentally , when you go out for coffee , you need not hurry back .
It 's entirely possible to fly to a different continent , harvest the coffee by hand ( after waiting for it to reach the perfect ripeness ) , fly home , and roast it yourself .
You 'll still probably have time for a second cup before the downloading of the source is complete .
You are , after all , not just downloading a huge pile of source files .
You are , instead , downloading over 100 independent git repositories , each containing a long trail of history - about 2.4GB worth of stuff .
It takes a while .
And , needless to say , some disk space .
To make things worse , you still do n't have all the source ; there are a few components of the binary platform for the ADP1 which have not been released as free software .
You cannot download those binary components from anywhere ; instead , what 's needed is to obtain them from a working phone .
To that end , the file vendor / htc / dream / extract - files.sh contains a script which will pull the needed components from a USB - connected ADP1 device .
These components vary from files containing mixer settings to programs for controlling Bluetooth , the GPS receiver , firmware for the wireless network adapter , a camera control library , and more .
The dream directory also contains a binary driver module ( wlan.ko ) for the WIFI adapter , despite the fact that said driver is open source and included in the distribution .
After that , it 's a matter of copying build / buildspec.mk .default to buildspec.mk in the top - level directory , editing it to set TARGET_PRODUCT to htc_dream , and typing make .
And going out for more coffee , of course .
At the end of the process , with luck ( a fair amount of luck may be required ) , there will be new system and boot images which can be flashed into the phone with the fastboot tool .
A reboot will run the new code .
At that point , of course , there are some surprises to be found .
One is that the newly built software is lacking a number of features found in an official build .
The reason for this is simple : several of the applications which run on Android phones are not open source .
These include the Gmail client ( which your editor will happily do without ) , Maps ( which can not be done without , at least until AndNav progresses a little further ) , and more .
These applications can generally be recovered by grabbing the associated package files from an official build and slipping them into the build environment .
See this article for a terse description of how that is done .
It took your editor a little while to figure out another little surprise : despite the fact that the Android source tree includes a kernel repository , the build process does not actually build the kernel .
One might think that it would be hard to miss something the size of a kernel build , but ... did your editor mention that the Android source tree is big ?
The Android build system which goes with this source tree is quite a piece of work ; there must be people working full time on it , and they probably hate their lives .
Trying to figure out what is happening in an Android build requires digging through many thousands of lines of makefile rules .
What your editor finally discovered is that the build system simply pulls a binary kernel from a special " prebuilt " repository ( that repository also contains a cross- compiling toolchain for the creation of ARM executables ) .
The kernel source tree , seemingly , is just there for show .
Using something other than the prebuilt kernel requires making it separately and pointing a build - system variable at the location of the result .
[ PULL QUOTE :
It 's clear that even people who remake Android are not , in general , expected to remake the kernel .
END QUOTE ]
It 's clear that even people who remake Android are not , in general , expected to remake the kernel .
The kernel repository pulled down by the repo command does contain the Android - specific patches , but it lacks nice things like branches ( even " master " is missing ) or tags .
There are some remote branches with names like korg / android - msm - 2.6.27 which contain lines of development for various kernel versions ; the 2.6.27 one appears to be , as of this writing , the one which is best supported on real hardware .
But , within those branches , there are ( unlike the situation with the rest of the Android code ) no tags associated with releases .
Nothing in the repository will tell a developer which kernel was shipped with a given version of Android .
So it 's hard to build a kernel which corresponds to the one found within an official release .
But not impossible : most of the official releases include the git commit ID in the kernel version .
So by digging down into the settings menus , your editor was able to determine that the HTC 1.5 build came from commit 8312 baf .
After checking out that commit , one can do a make msm_defconfig to configure the kernel properly .
Then it 's just a matter of setting the ARCH and CROSS_COMPILE environment variables and doing the build .
If you have a 32 - bit Linux environment , the prebuilt ARM toolchain provided with the Android source does the job just fine .
Once the kernel build is done , it 's possible to build a new set of firmware images which can be loaded into the device with fastboot .
That 's easy to say , but it can be harder to do ; the sources from the repository often do not build , and it's not always easy to get all the pieces together to make a working image for the ADP1 .
Making it possible for people outside of the core Android project to build and install the platform appears to be an afterthought , at best .
Android and the ADP1
In truth , Google does not really support the ADP1 as a system people can develop and run on ; this situation was somewhat explained by Jean - Baptiste Queru , who is easily the most helpful Google developer on the mailing lists :
Yes , the ADP1 situation is currently unfortunate .
We 've had to pick priorities , the priority went to open - sourcing code out of Google , as that 's something that only Googlers can do .
The truth is , ADP1 is n't a phone from Google .
While Google has some influence on it ( and provides a number of proprietary apps ) ,
It 's neither manufactured nor distributed by Google , and that puts limits on the ways Google can support it ( and espcially on how Google can not redistribute some of the ADP1 - specific files ) .
So , while the ADP1 is one of the most open cellular phone platforms yet to appear , it does not , yet , represent a fully - open system in the way the OpenMoko phone does .
Most people wanting to do things with this device are likely to end up starting with the official , binary builds and tweaking things around the edges , much like as has been done with the JF builds .
That said , there is a lot of fun to be had with this device .
It 's fully hackable at the kernel level now , and more hardware information is becoming available , which raises the hope of gaining more control over the low - level system in time .
About the time the ADP1 becomes fully obsolete and unobtainable , we should have it figured out pretty well .
With any luck at all , at least one of the devices which replaces it will be more open from the outset .
HE HAS gone down as an obscure footnote in history : a failed Royal Navy captain who committed suicide in 1828 off the coast of Patagonia , taking 12 days to die from self - inflicted gunshot wounds .
There is no known portrait of him .
No record of his birth .
State of Origin ... Paul Brunton with the journal .
Credit : Tamara Dean
Yet the State Library of NSW has just paid $ 200,000 for the final , handwritten journal of Pringle Stokes , at auction in London against stiff competition .
Why ?
" Because it 's one of those great ' what ifs ' of history , " explains the library 's senior curator , Paul Brunton .
NEW YORK ( AFP ) – Authorities have arrested 26 people for possession of videos and images depicting sexual assault of tens of thousands of children , New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance said .
In a statement released Tuesday , the prosecutor said the arrests on charges of possession and promotion of child pornography followed a five month investigation .
“ These defendants stockpiled images of the brutal rapes and sexual assaults of tens of thousands of real children , ” Vance said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ These victims were made to engage in physically and psychologically damaging sexual assaults that were recorded and disseminated online , feeding the appetites of pedophiles for more victims . ”
He said the victims ranged from one year olds to adolescents .
None of those arrested were charged with assault on minors , but Vance said at least one had shown photos and videos of violence to minors to familiarize them with this type of behavior .
At least two others expressed a desire to engage in sexual assaults on children , he alleged .
Some of those arrested had jobs that put them in contact with children , including Joshua Ruiz , 32 , who worked as a substitute teacher in New York public schools .
ADVERTISEMENT
Glen Barfield , a 39 - year - old architect , was accused of exchanging images of pedophilia with a 16 - year - old boy living in Canada .
The authorities said they seized three computers at the home of Moshe Gerstein , a 35 - year - old lawyer , containing about 5,000 images of child pornography .
An Israeli couple are preparing to divorce after the man summoned a prostitute to his hotel room only to discover she was his daughter .
The tale of family turmoil began some months ago when the father , a businessman based in the city of Haifa , was sent by his company to a course in the resort of Eilat for four days .
The Israeli newspaper Ma'ariv reports that the man took advantage of the visit to summon a call girl to his room on his first night there .
And that was when everything started to go horribly wrong .
Distraught wife
As the prostitute entered the room , the full horror for him of discovering his daughter 's occupation hit him .
The father began feeling chest pains which may have been a mild heart attack .
He then cut short his stay in Eilat , and on his return home told his distraught wife the truth of what had happened .
She has vowed to track down her daughter and find a more suitable job for her .
However , her forgiveness has not extended to her husband and she has made it clear she wishes to divorce him .
The court case is expected to begin soon .
A student kicked out of school for dealing “ fake ” cannabis won the right to challenge his expulsion .
London ’s High Court this week granted the boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , the chance to clear his name by ordering a full re-hearing of his case .
The boy was expelled from his school in Sutton after he was accused of selling a substance which the buyers believed to be cannabis , the court heard .
The boy claimed the so - called “ weed ” was actually a herbal smoking substance he had bought legally in a shop and he had just been “ showing off ” .
However , an appeal against the school ’s decision by the boy was rejected by a local panel .
The court heard that , although the boy has since got on with his life and does not want to return to his old school , he is “ determined ” to clear his name of the stigma of expulsion .
Mr Justice Hickinbottom ruled the appeal panel had not been “ procedurally unfair ” but said it had “ erred in law ” when it failed to find out whether the substance supplied by the boy was actually cannabis .
He said the lapse meant the panel had failed to properly consider whether expulsion was “ a reasonable and proportionate ” sanction .
Conservative councillor Paul Scully was critical of the judge ’s decision to allow the re-hearing with a new panel .
He said : “ Everybody has a right to clear their name if they think they have n’t got justice , but on the other hand , teachers are usually the best placed to make a decision .
“ We would be looking to back the people that are best placed to know .
“ The council appeal panel would also take a robust approach – it is not there to blindly do what the school does .
“ I would also give the teachers credit , they are the ones at the coal face . ”
Former Labour councillor Andrew Theobald , a father - of - two who has been a school governor in Sutton for 25 years , said it was reasonable for the case to go to be reviewed .
He said : “ I ’m a little bit surprised it has gone this far as I would expect the Sutton school and the local authority to have looked at it properly , however , putting my parents hat on , if I thought my sons had been treated unfairly , I would want to do everything in my power to clear their name .
“ The school must protect the greater good , but permanent exclusion puts a permanent blot on a student ’s school history and so it should be subject to scrutiny . ”
Special report
The public domain is the greatest resource in human history : eventually all knowledge will become part of it .
Its riches serve all mankind , but it faces a new threat .
Vast libraries of public domain works are being plundered by claims of " copyright " .
It 's called copyfraud - and we 'll discover how large corporations like Google , Yahoo , and Amazon have structured their businesses to assist it and profit from it .
Copyfraud first came to my attention nearly two years ago in my scholarly research .
As Google Books began releasing massive numbers of newly scanned public domain books , Japanese Studies scholars excitedly announced their discoveries .
I found links to books by one of the first American journalists to arrive in Japan , Lafcadio Hearn .
Scans of his books from the 1890s onward - with their eccentric letterpress typography and gold foil stamped leather covers - give us the details of presentation and are the minutiae that launched a thousand dissertations .
This is just the sort of material that excites scholars like me ; we examine his books to see how the West first came to understand Japan .
But Hearn 's books also have commercial value as public domain works .
Hearn 's book of traditional Japanese ghost stories , Kwaidan was released as a film in 1964 and was nominated for an Academy Award ; a modern film homage appeared in 2007 .
Hearn profited by recording , translating , and publishing a book of traditional folk tales .
When his book lapsed into the public domain , it was used again as source material for a copyrighted commercial derivative work on film .
This recycling of ancient oral tradition by Hearn helped propel a generation of big - budget horror films , becoming a profit centre for movie studios in both America and Japan .
Upon hearing the news of Hearn 's work appearing on Google Books , I searched for Hearn 's classic Glimpses of an Unfamiliar Japan .
Although a freely downloadable scan of Volume 2 was available , only a limited preview edition of Volume 1 from Kessinger Publishing was available , under a 2004 " copyright " .
The preview edition was marked " Copyrighted material " on every page .
Many pages were omitted , the book is nothing but an excerpt .
Another public domain classic disappears .
But why ?
Kessinger made the document useless to scholars , to force them to purchase the full hardcopy edition for $ 25 .
Links on the Google Books page directed purchasers to the Kessinger edition on Amazon.com and other online booksellers .
Scholars were outraged .
These works are clearly in the public domain , dating back to the 1890s and beyond .
When questioned , Google said it " must err on the side of caution ... until we have determined that the book has entered the public domain . "
But with the sheer volume of ebooks being submitted by outside publishers , there are obvious delays in clearing rights .
Some publishers have exploited this gap , providing copyfraud editions where no free edition was available .
Google suggested waiting patiently , as surely these missing volumes would eventually be scanned and added to its free online library .
But the practice began to spread .
Other publishers followed Kessinger 's model and several more copyfraud editions of Volume 1 followed .
Nearly two years later , a freely downloadable scan of Volume 1 finally appeared .
Some publishers had used the two year gap to profit .
We can see the publishers ' motivation .
Their business model has been ruined .
There is a long tradition of small publishers selling facsimiles of rare public domain books .
They were a precursor of the print - on - demand online model , collecting and curating large libraries of obscure , disreputable , and uncommercial works on topics like occultism , homeopathy , military history , and crackpot cancer cures , and selling them to niche markets .
But with the advent of Google Books , their market has evaporated : the books are no longer scarce .
So they fought back the only way they knew how , by exploiting the gaps in Google 's book coverage .
Ah , just the way to start your mornings
Hair of the dog .
I always preferred furniture vodka , but what the hey .
UDS ( Ubuntu Developer Summit ) for Karmic Koala took place this year , between the 25th and 29th of May , in Barcelona , Spain .
There were 270 blueprints that needed to be discussed during the summit , like the new professional look of Plymouth ( an application that takes care of the graphical boot animation ) for Karmic Koala , which will not become reality very soon .
However , some of the ideas discussed at UDS will be implemented in the next version of the Ubuntu operating system , due for release in late October 2009 .
One of these was the " grub2 - as - default " discussion , and Colin Watson had the pleasure to announce last night that GRUB 2 would definitely be the default boot loader in Ubuntu 9.10 .
" We do not expect to be changing the boot loader for existing installations , at least not at this time ; this is an inherently risky operation .
( Remember that we do n't even automatically reinstall the boot loader when we upgrade to new versions of GRUB Legacy , let alone when changing to a complete reimplementation . ) " - Colin Watson said in the official announcement .
This is a very good idea , and users of all Linux distributions should replace their old GRUB boot loaders with the next - generation GRUB 2 one , if they did n't already .
Why ?
Simply , because GRUB was n't updated since 1996 and it does n't have support for today 's BIOSes .
But , let 's see exactly what GRUB 2 will bring new to the table :
· Support for newer systems ; · Scripting support ; · Internationalization support ; · A new way to number partitions ; · Improved memory management ; · Cross - platform installation support ; · Graphical user interface ; · Portable ; · and many more .
GRUB 2 in Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) Daily Build 20090609
And , talking about good news , we should let our readers know that EXT4 is already the default filesystem in the daily builds of Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) .
Getting back to GRUB 2 , those who want to see it in action , should know that it will be available in the daily builds , starting with today , June 9th .
Even if it 's not recommended , anxious Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) users or those who just want to test GRUB 2 without reinstalling their systems , can find detailed installation instructions here .
Bugs can be reported here .
We , here at the Softpedia Labs , will keep you up - to - date with the new features of Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) in the next weeks or months .
Until then , do not forget to visit our website on Thursday ( June 11th ) for our usual first look at the second alpha of the upcoming Ubuntu 9.10 operating system .
And then there are the tensions that arise among penguins anywhere , tensions that flow from the pursuit of love and , in a penguin sort of way , marriage .
Inside this little man-made concrete exhibit -- designed to simulate the rocky islands off South Africa from which they originate -- philandering female penguins angle for better nests ; jilted lovers pick up and move after a love - interest freezes them out ; and love triangles are inevitable , complete with messy fallout and recrimination .
For many years , the keepers of the Brooklyn penguins believed that these romantic trials and tribulations took place only between the male and female penguins in the exhibit .
Recently , however , they discovered that one more variation on the love theme was represented in the mix -- and had been there for years .
A blood test revealed that Wendell and Cass , an inseparable pair of 15 - year - olds known for a tidy nest and enduring lust , were both male .
It did n't surprise the aquarium folks , but the media got excited and recently outed the adoring and oblivious couple .
On a recent chilly afternoon , there was n't much to see in the penguin enclosure .
It was bedtime , and only stragglers loitered in public view .
A lonely bachelor scoped out the scene , and a couple waddled around together , perhaps going for a stroll before hitting the sack .
Wendell and Cass already had curled up together for the night , and they were n't coming out of their cozy burrow anytime soon , according to penguin keeper Stephanie Mitchell .
Living monogamously in a high - rise nest above the rest of the crew , the guys tend to ignore the sexual high jinks going on down below .
Same - sex relationships in the animal kingdom are more common than most people think .
In fact , in his 1999 book , " Biological Exuberance : Animal Homosexuality and Natural Diversity , " biologist Bruce Bagemihl catalogs the unconventional sexual behaviors -- including bisexuality and transvestite tendencies -- of almost 200 different animals .
For this reason , says Mitchell , the aquarium staff was n't particularly shocked by the revelation about Wendell and Cass ' union .
Other humans , however , seem endlessly curious about the relationship .
In an interview at the aquarium , Mitchell talked about why Wendell and Cass are so devoted to each other , what the she - penguins on the prowl have to say about it , and how the whole affair went unnoticed for so long in the first place .
So do the female penguins seem to sense that Wendell and Cass do n't want anything to do with them ?
The females do n't show an interest in all of the males ; it 's just a few of them that they like .
Right now , we 've got three out of 10 girls -- Ezmerelda , Gomez and Clarice -- who are experimenting with the availability of other males .
That 's 30 percent , which actually matches up with statistics that say that 30 to 40 percent of females will try to leave their mates and try to find other mates .
What happens ?
Well , Gomez is a big flirt , and she just goes and visits with all these other males , and that causes Giovanni , her mate , a little bit of consternation .
Ezmerelda has a little bit more of a situation with Old Man and Curly .
Sometimes Old Man and Curly would fight with each other , but Curly 's actually moved , so he 's not really dealing with Ezmerelda anymore .
I think he 's given up .
That 's how they flirt ?
That 's how they talk to each other .
It 's one of the body postures .
Giovanni and Gomez are sitting with their backs to us .
Curly just approached them and was like , " Hey , baby . "
And Gomez was like , " I do n't think so . "
Why they 're sitting outside with the wind blowing , I 'm not really sure .
They should be inside .
This is cold for them ?
It 's a little windy .
They 're from South Africa .
What about the rest of the females ?
Are they in happy relationships ?
They are in monogamous relationships , and they appear to be happy .
Do they show interest in Wendell and Cass that they would show to sister penguins ?
Any " Will and Grace " action in the pen ?
No , they mostly stick with their mates .
There 's a few of the younger birds that you could call friends , but generally , once they pair - bond [ mate monogamously for a full season ] , they just hang out in couples .
But the female penguins do n't hit on Wendell and Cass ?
No .
Does anyone ?
No .
Why ?
Are they untouchable in some way ?
Would they get mad ?
I do n't know why the female penguins choose who they choose , or why the three females are having extramarital affairs , but they do n't bother Wendell and Cass .
I read that Wendell and Cass have a particularly neat nest .
Are n't females more attracted to potential mates with high - quality nests ?
Possibly .
The nest would show the fitness of the male and indicate that he's got a good location and he 's going to be able to help the female out and keep her safe and provide her with young .
And I would think that Wendell and Cass ' nest was a prime nest site , and that the other females would be interested in it , but they do n't seem to be .
Is it possible that they realize that Wendell and Cass are gay , and that they 're not interested in offspring ?
Any biologist will tell you that the purpose in getting together is to create young .
But I do n't know why they are n't interested in Wendell or Cass .
This one other couple , Albert and Clarice , tries to get in their nest , though .
This guy , Albert , sitting down front there , is one of a pair that tries to take it .
But Albert and Clarice are going for it as a couple , not because they 're interested in Wendell and / or Cass .
They just want the house .
Right .
What happens when Albert and Clarice try to take the nest ?
Say , it 's during a feeding , Albert and Clarice will run up to the nest and try to claim it .
Wendell and Cass will come home and someone will just be there , waiting for them .
Do Wendell and Cass fight them off ?
Cass mostly does the fighting .
Sometimes they bite each other , or beat each other with their flippers .
Wendell just runs away .
Why is Wendell and Cass ' burrow considered prime real estate ?
Your guess is as good as mine .
Maybe because it 's centrally located near the water and near the feeding station , two of the most important things for them .
How long have Wendell and Cass been living together up there ?
Six or seven years .
And had they been with female penguins before ?
No , they 've always been with each other since they pair - bonded .
They 've never been with anyone else .
But you did n't suspect they were both male until when ?
A couple of years ago .
When I first started [ working with them ] , I started thinking that they were both males based on their behavior .
We did a blood test for other reasons and were able to determine that they were both male .
[ Blood tests are the only way to determine the sex of a penguin . ]
What kind of behavior are you talking about ?
Their sizes are similar to male sizes .
Generally females are a bit smaller than the males .
Females do n't vocalize as much as the males do , they tend not to be as aggressive as the males are .
How do Wendell and Cass court each other ?
They do it the same way a female and a male would do it .
But generally , Cass will approach Wendell and do those postures called bowing .
And they do something called flipper - slapping .
What does flipper - slapping look like ?
The male usually comes up behind the female and hugs her and taps her with his flippers .
And sometimes vocalizations are involved .
What does that sound like ?
Like a donkey .
I can't even imitate it .
That 's how they got the name " jackass " penguin .
It 's a braying sound .
So Cass and Wendell do this , too ?
Yes .
Mostly , I see Cass actually mating with Wendell , playing the male role , but we have seen Wendell mate with Cass .
Does one take o n the female role and one take on the male role in other ways ?
Well , you know , that 's a tough thing to say .
Based on penguin characteristics , Cass tends to be more aggressive , more masculine .
He does the male thing .
Whether Wendell is with a male because he 's a meek male , I do n't know .
But he 's a ' fraidy - cat ; he 's afraid of his own shadow .
He 's a very difficult bird .
What do you mean ?
He 's really nervous , and it's hard to feed him and perform medical exams on him .
He 's a finicky eater .
And though he's not aggressive toward the penguins , he 's very wary of the keepers .
How do Wendell and Cass have sex ?
They 're doing the same thing as a male and female would , though obviously not producing any eggs .
But the copulation is the same .
I can give you specific details ...
Go ahead .
Penguins are birds and all the sexual organs are on the inside of their bodies -- it 's called the cloaca .
The urogenital opening is where they defecate as well as have sex .
It 's just this little hole in their rump area .
And it 's called the cloacal kiss :
What happens is that the female will lay on her belly and the male climbs on top with his feet and puts his rump around her rump and their cloacas meet each other , and then the sperm gets transferred into the female .
So Wendell and Cass do the same thing .
Right .
Just without the eggs .
Is it fun ?
No idea .
We 've never done a blood test to track brain activity or anything like that .
There 's no bodily reaction to mating like in some animals .
But they have an active , happy sex life ?
A normal one .
It 's hard to tell .
Some of the birds are exhibitionists and have sex right out in front of everybody else .
Most of them will do it in their burrows .
The only reason why we 've known about [ Wendell and Cass ] is because on two occasions we 've seen them copulating out on exhibit .
[ By this , Mitchell means that the penguins have sex outside of their burrows , for all penguins and people to see . ]
What would make penguins do it on exhibit ?
Do they all have varying sex lives ?
I do n't know .
Now 's the time , you know that biological clock .
Usually when the female is in her breeding period , she stays in her nest .
Theoretically they 're copulating a lot to increase the chances that they 'll fertilize an egg .
So there will be a 10 - to 12 - day period where the pair will stay in the nest and never come out .
Some of them have sex a lot .
Burt and Moni have sex all the time .
They have no problem copulating on exhibit .
Others may not have sex practically at all .
They could copulate all year round and some do , but their breeding season is November to March , so that would be the time when they would have the most sex .
Does that differ for Wendell and Cass since they 're not trying to reproduce ?
I can't remember what time of year it was when we saw them out on exhibit .
It probably was either fall or spring because it was warm .
Have they expressed any longings to have young ?
Maybe they want to adopt ?
Well , I think that if they did , they would have broken up .
One reason why pairs do break up is because they are n't reproducing .
Obviously , all animals need to reproduce .
But [ Wendell and Cass ] do n't seem to mind that they 're not reproducing , so they do n't need to break up , I guess .
Are there any babies in the exhibit ?
How do the adults treat them ?
Not right now .
After 100 days , a baby is just another bird to them .
They 're not treated very well by the adults because they look different -- the babies are all black for a while .
Penguins pick on the birds that do n't look like them .
Like the ones that are molting .
[ Another strange - looking penguin with a sort of ratty coat waddles out . ]
Oh , naked boy .
What 's his deal ?
He has a molting problem .
They molt their feathers once a year ; they drop their feathers and grow new ones .
Most of these birds are quite old , they 're well into their 20s , and in the wild they live for 16 or 18 years .
They can live up to 35 years in zoos and aquariums .
Since they live longer here than in their wildlife span , things can happen .
One of those things could be that their hormones get all wacky , just like ours do .
Right , like menopause or something .
He looks terrible .
I feel so bad for him .
Might they start shacking up with penguins of the same sex when they 're going through these hormonal changes ?
There 's so many reasons why they might .
Wendell and Cass , though , got together when they were 3 or 4 .
So , are same - sex relationships very rare , generally , among penguins ?
I do n't know penguin statistics , but it 's not rare in the wild animal kingdom .
There are a lot of same - sex relationships in the wild .
Are Wendell and Cass more monogamous than the rest of the penguins ?
They 're very in touch with each other .
But there are a few couples that are sort of like that -- some are very dedicated .
They seem to be one of the more dedicated couples .
They 're more aware of where the other is in the exhibit , they talk to each other a lot , probably a lot more than some of the other couples do .
They 're just one of the best couples on the exhibit .
Just a really nice couple .
By Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Mobiles and the net are hugely popular among young Iranians
As protests continue in Iran , details are emerging of the technology used to monitor its citizens .
Iran is well known for filtering the net , but the government has moved to do the same for mobile phones .
Nokia Siemens
Network has confirmed it supplied Iran with the technology needed to monitor , control , and read local telephone calls .
It told the BBC that it sold a product called the Monitoring Centre to Iran Telecom in the second half of 2008 .
Data inspection Nokia Siemens , a joint venture between the Finnish and German companies , supplied the system to Iran through its Intelligent Solutions business , which was sold in March 2009 to Perusa Partners Fund 1LP , a German investment firm .
The product allows authorities to monitor any communications across a network , including voice calls , text messaging , instant messages , and web traffic .
But Nokia
Siemens says the product is only being used , in Iran , for the monitoring of local telephone calls on fixed and mobile lines .
Rather than just block traffic , it is understood that the monitoring system can also interrogate data to see what information is being passed back and forth .
A spokesman described the system as " a standard architecture that the world 's governments use for lawful intercept " .
[ Iran ] is also struggling to compete with an opposition that call on the skills of one of the world 's most vibrant blogging communities and plenty of tech - savvy folks .
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC technology corespondent
Read the dot. life blog in full Analysing the Arabic blogosphere
He added : " Western governments , including the UK , do n't allow you to build networks without having this functionality . "
Asked by the BBC about the firm 's attitude to doing business in Iran , Nokia Siemens said : " We do have a choice about doing business there , and on balance providing connectivity means there is a net benefit . "
He explained that millions of Iranians were getting mobile phone services through Nokia .
" The amount of information that is coming out of Iran from ordinary users because they have connectivity that they would not have had before is of a net benefit to them . "
" I do n't think Iran would have expanded its mobile network and its connectivity to its citizens if it had not had this capability . "
Nokia Siemens markets the Monitoring Centre product to 150 countries around the world where it does business .
The firm says it does not supply the system to China or to Burma .
The phone monitoring system sits side - by - side with the extensive net filtering system Iran has constructed in recent years .
Traffic in and out of Iran is largely controlled by Iran Telecom .
On 13 June , the day after presidential elections , data traffic come to an almost complete halt , according to analysis by network security firm Arbor Networks .
Since then , traffic has gradually recovered , and analysts have speculated that the slowdown and re-start was caused by authorities putting in place filtering and monitoring systems .
Because Iran is effectively reading every message , this results in an inevitable slow down of traffic .
In mid-June , the OpenNet Initiative , which surveys net - watching efforts , updated its survey of net use in Iran and said the nation was : " investing in improving its technical capacity to extensively monitor the behavior of its citizens on the internet . "
It said women 's rights activists arrested in the nation had been shown transcripts of instant messages they had sent .
" If true , " said the survey , the evidence , " would support the existence of an advanced surveillance program . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gourmet Living
A gourmet is a person who is knowledgeable in fine food and drink .
Recipe Directory
( CNN ) -- President Obama on Thursday defended his decision to shutter the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , saying the prison has made the United States less safe and set back the country 's " moral authority . "
President Obama wants to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , but Congress wants a detailed plan .
" The record is clear : Rather than keep us safer , the prison at Guantanamo has weakened American national security , " Obama said during an address on national security at the National Archives in Washington .
" It is a rallying cry for our enemies .
It sets back the willingness of our allies to work with us in fighting an enemy that operates in scores of countries .
By any measure , the costs of keeping it open far exceed the complications involved in closing it . "
He said that the facility resulted in the creation of more terrorists than it detained , and he said that over the last seven years , the system of military commissions at Guantanamo succeeded in convicting " a grand total of three suspected terrorists . "
Watch Obama weigh in on Guantanamo Bay »
Obama 's plans to close Guantanamo have been met with opposition from both sides of the aisle in Congress .
Following in the steps of House Democrats , Senate Democrats on Tuesday rejected the administration 's request for $ 80 million to close the facility .
They instead asked that Obama first submit a plan spelling out what the administration will do with the prisoners when it closes the prison .
And on Thursday , Obama pledged not to release any Guantanamo Bay detainees who threaten the United States .
" We are not going to release anyone if it would endanger our national security , nor will we release detainees within the United States who endanger the American people , " Obama said .
' Extreme Challenges '
Two wars , a broken economy and historic plans the president says just can't wait .
Watch a special " AC360 . "
Beginning at 10 ET tonight see full schedule »
" Where demanded by justice and national security , we will seek to transfer some detainees to the same type of facilities in which we hold all manner of dangerous and violent criminals within our borders -- namely , highly secure prisons that ensure the public safety . "
Obama outlined five categories Thursday in which to separate the remaining detainees .
Read the full text of Obama 's speech
When feasible , he said , those who have violated American criminal laws should be tried in federal courts .
Those who violate the laws of war , Obama said , " and are best tried through military commissions . "
The third category of detainees is made up of those who we have been ordered released by the courts .
" Let me repeat what I said earlier :
This has absolutely nothing to do with my decision to close Guantanamo .
It has to do with the rule of law , " Obama said .
The fourth category of cases " involves detainees who we have determined can be transferred safely to another country . "
Obama said that so far , his review team has approved 50 detainees for transfer .
Finally , he said , " there remains the question of detainees at Guantanamo who cannot be prosecuted , yet who pose a clear danger to the American people . "
Obama said that " this is the toughest issue we will face .
We are going to exhaust every avenue that we have to prosecute those at Guantanamo who pose a danger to our country . "
The Senate passed a measure Wednesday that would prevent the detainees from being transferred to the United States .
The measure passed with overwhelming bipartisan support in a 90 - 6 vote .
A similar amendment has passed the House .
The moves by the Democratic - controlled Congress are considered a sharp rebuke to Obama .
Immediately after the president 's address , former Vice President Dick Cheney critiqued Obama 's national security decisions and philosophy , and defended the moves of the Bush administration in an address before the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
Sound off on Obama , Cheney speeches
" Good morning -- I mean , good afternoon , " he told the audience .
Cheney 's speech was scheduled for 10:45 a.m. but did n't start until 11:15 because Obama 's speech started about 20 minutes late .
Cheney said that the Bush administration " did n't invent " the authority it exercised in the war against al Qaeda and others .
He said it was clearly granted by the Constitution and by legislation passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks .
He also said the use of controversial " enhanced interrogation techniques " was a success that saved thousands of lives .
Cheney belittled Obama 's decision to close the Guantanamo Bay prison " with little deliberation and no plan . "
He also said the Bush administration 's national security policies successfully delivered numerous " blows " to extremists targeting the United States .
Watch Cheney talk , criticize Obama 's moves »
Cheney and Obama sharply disagreed .
In his speech Thursday , the president slammed the Bush administration for taking America " off course , " and defended his decision to ban torture .
Obama said he could not " disagree more " with proponents of so - called enhanced interrogation techniques such as waterboarding .
After September 11 , " faced with an uncertain threat , our government made a series of hasty decisions , " he said .
Watch Obama slam the previous administration »
" I believe that many of these decisions were motivated by a sincere desire to protect the American people .
But I also believe that all too often , our government made decisions based on fear rather than foresight ; that all too often trimmed facts and evidence to fit ideological predispositions . "
Obama said that instead " of strategically applying our power and our principles , too often we set those principles aside as luxuries that we could no longer afford .
And during this season of fear , too many of us -- Democrats and Republicans ; politicians , journalists and citizens -- fell silent . "
" In other words , " he said , " we went off course . "
On security and transparency , Obama defended his decisions to release Bush - era interrogation memos , but block the release of detainee photos .
Obama said he released the memos because the information had already been made public .
He opposed the release of the photos , which allegedly showed abuse of prisoners , because " nothing would be gained by the release of these photos that matters more than the lives of our young men and women serving in harm 's way . "
" In each of these cases , I had to strike the right balance between transparency and national security , " Obama said .
CNN 's Ed Henry , John King and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Dick Cheney • Guantanamo Bay
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Hundreds of people have been evacuated after a fire broke out in the basement of the headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels , officials say .
A BBC correspondent near the Berlaymont building saw thick smoke pouring from the roof .
A dozen fire engines rushed to the scene , along with ambulances .
Brussels firefighters say the fire was confined to a vertical shaft housing cables .
It spread up from the basement .
Nobody was hurt and the evacuation was orderly , a commission spokesman said .
The blaze began at about 1250 local time ( 1050 GMT ) .
It was most intense on the 13th floor , but did not spread to offices , a spokesman for the fire service said .
The Berlaymont , a four - pronged glass and steel structure in central Brussels , has 18 floors and offices for some 3,000 EU officials .
The commission , the EU 's executive arm , drafts EU laws .
I could see the smoke in the corridors , and about 20 minutes later people were told verbally to leave the building .
But there was no fire alarm
Darren Ennis , Reuters journalist
The alarm was first sounded on the 13th floor , and commission President Jose Manuel Barroso was working there at the time , commission spokesman Johannes Laitenberger told reporters .
Speaking at a news conference on Monday evening , the officials said the cause of the fire was not yet clear .
The blaze was put out at about 1640 ( 1440 GMT ) .
Firefighters equipped with breathing apparatus are now checking the building from top to bottom , using thermal imaging kit .
More than 40 firefighters took part in the operation .
Thick smoke Officials said the building was evacuated within minutes of the alarm being raised .
Clouds of thick black smoke , smelling strongly of burnt oil , were later seen rising from the roof of the building , the BBC's Dominic Hughes says .
Journalists working in the press room , known as " the bunker " , said they had noticed a steady build - up of smoke for 20 minutes before then , but that the smoke detectors had failed to react .
" There was a lot of smoke .
The internal security and fire marshals were running around , trying to find the source of the fire .
It smelled horrible and was n't like a gas smell , " said Darren Ennis of the Reuters news agency .
" I could see the smoke in the corridors , and about 20 minutes later people were told verbally to leave the building .
But there was no fire alarm .
After we left , I saw commission President [ Jose Manuel ] Barroso leave . "
" A commission spokesperson said the fire probably started in the basement .
There 's lots of printing , paper and store rooms down there .
The smoke would have gone up the ventilation system to the roof , " he added .
Commission staff are now working from commission offices elsewhere in Brussels , Mr Laitenberger said .
" We can't say when it [ the Berlaymont ] will be reopened , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israel 's defence ministry has proposed legalising 60 existing homes at a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank , and building another 240 homes at the site , despite US calls for a halt to settlement growth .
Construction at the outpost , known as Water Reservoir Hill , near the Talmon settlement , north of Ramallah , would " greatly damage " the freedom of movement of Palestinian farmers in the area , according to Bimkom , an Israeli planning rights group .
It said the construction plan was put forward for public inspection shortly after the Israeli government was formed this spring and was first approved by Ehud Barak , the defence minister .
It was now awaiting final approval .
But Bimkom added : " In virtually all cases , plans deposited for Israeli settlements were subsequently approved . "
The Israeli government insisted the homes were part of old proposals .
" These houses have been completed , and there has been no approval given for new houses , " one official said .
The plan , which follows a pattern over many years of settlement growth , appears to challenge directly Barack Obama 's administration , which has issued several clear calls for an end to the practice .
So far , Israel has resisted Washington 's pressure for a halt to construction in settlements and the issue is fast becoming a test of wills between the two governments .
In an interview yesterday Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli prime minister , said arguing about settlement activity was a waste of time .
Last week , the US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , told Israel 's foreign minister , Avigdor ­Lieberman , that Washington wanted " to see a stop to the settlements " .
Under the US road map of 2003 , which remains the basis of Israeli - Palestinian peace talks , Israel is committed to freezing all settlement activity and evacuating settlement outposts built since 2001 .
The Palestinians , for their part , are committed to curbing militancy .
Netanyahu has said his government will not stop " natural growth " within settlements to accommodate population growth .
However , the plans for Water Reservoir Hill , known in Hebrew as Givat Ha'breicha , appear to stretch far beyond any definition of natural growth .
Bimkom said the plan covered 86 hectares ( 212 acres ) and stretched across agricultural land belonging to the village of al - Jania , which is home to 1,200 Palestinians .
The only way the farmers could reach their land was along a road which , under the new plan , would become an internal part of the settlement and therefore off - limits to Palestinians .
" The new plan , which incorporates part of the road , will disable residents of al - Jania to work their lands and will greatly damage their freedom of movement , " Bimkom said .
The group said the plan also appeared to give a green light to other unauthorised settlement outposts , including four others near the Talmon settlement .
All settlements on occupied land are illegal under international law .
Hagit Ofran , a settlement expert at Peace Now , another Israeli rights group , said the proposal originated several years ago .
In April last year , Barak gave his approval for the plan to be considered .
It was then published for objections on 20 April this year , after Netanyahu 's government was formed .
Peace Now has also filed an objection .
Water Reservoir
Hill was mentioned in a 2005 report for the Israeli government by the lawyer Talia Sasson , who found it was neither authorised nor approved by the Israeli government and was built without an approved , detailed , plan .
Some of it is built on privately owned Palestinian land and the site is far from the main settlement blocs and several miles inside the West Bank .
Yesterday , on an Italian TV channel , Netanyahu said he was offering a " winning formula for peace " .
Asked about settlement growth , he said Israel would not build new settlements or expropriate more land to expand existing settlements .
" All we ask is that , pending a final peace agreement , the people who are there will be allowed to live a normal life .
They have children , they need kindergartens , they need health clinics and so on . "
It was , he said , an " equitable position " .
He added : " I think that the more we spend time arguing about this , the more we waste time instead of moving towards peace . "
The recent protests in Iran have revealed deep fractures in the ruling elite - and I 'm not talking about Iran .
Closer to home , a debate has erupted over whether President Obama should be speaking out more forcefully on behalf of the protesters on the streets of Tehran , or whether his rhetorical restraint is a mark of wisdom .
The debate has given the president 's neoconservative critics a chance to kill two birds with one stone - politically wounding Obama and denigrating realism all at once .
At first blush , it seems odd that the critics to the President 's right believe dubbing him a " realist " would be a term of opprobrium .
After all , foreign policy realism is typically associated with Republicans , not Democrats .
Its most famous devotees include President Nixon 's Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , President George H. W. Bush , and Bush 's National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft .
Some of America 's greatest foreign policy successes - the cleaving of China from the Soviet Union and the peaceful reunification of Germany , for example - were the product of realist statesmen .
Of course , there has never been a strictly " realist " administration , just as there has never been a strictly idealist one .
The two schools are always in tension , often in the same administration and even in the same Commander in Chief .
But as the conservative criticism of Obama suggests , the constituency for realism inside the conservative movement and Republican circles appears to have waned considerably since its Kissingerian heyday .
Indeed , during the primaries , when President Obama admitted that he looked favorably on the foreign policy decisions of the George H. W. Bush administration , neoconservatives began sniffing a realist rat .
In his willingness to speak frankly about America 's past sins , to his desire to engage with Hugo Chavez or Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , neoconservatives have been complaining that the president was discarding his predecessor 's soaring rhetoric and trampling on " American exceptionalism . "
But it was not until the protests in Iran erupted that the critical damn burst .
President Obama quickly indicated that while he was " deeply troubled " by the election results , he had no desire to be seen as " meddling " in Iran 's internal business .
He has since sharpened his rhetoric , claiming to be " appalled " by the recent violence .
But the President 's overall restraint is understandable , particularly when the outcome of the protests remains unclear , and an American endorsement could tar the protesters as Western stooges .
Perhaps the president was chastened by America 's less - than - stellar record of finessing Iran 's internal politics , from the 1953 coup against Prime Minister Mosaddeq , through President Carter 's tone deaf support for the Shah as his regime reeled in revolutionary tumult .
Whenever , and however , the dust settles in the Islamic Republic , the U.S. will still have serious business to attend to .
Iran will still have a nuclear program .
It will still have extensive ties to Hamas and Hezbollah , and it will still desire a larger geopolitical role in the Middle East .
Obama 's reticence has not set well with neoconservatives .
In the President 's restraint they detected the putrid scents of foreign policy realism .
And so they pounced .
Senator John McCain got the ball rolling by criticizing Obama during a TV interview .
" He should speak out that this is a corrupt , flawed sham of an election , and that the Iranian people have been deprived of their rights , " Senator McCain argued .
" We support them in their struggle against a repressive , oppressive regime and they should not be subjected to four more years of Ahmadinejad and the radical Muslim clerics . "
In the pages of the Washington Post , Robert Kagan ( a former McCain advisor ) went one better , accusing the president of secretly rooting for Ahmadinejad to crush the protesters so he could get on with the business of appeasing Iran .
" What Obama needs , " wrote Kagan , " is a rapid return to peace and quiet in Iran , not continued ferment .
His goal must be to deflate the opposition , not to encourage it . "
Kagan went on to ruefully note that as disturbing as Obama 's betrayals are , it 's " what ‘ realism ' is all about . "
Columnist Jonah Goldberg urged the President to insert himself into Iran 's democratic struggles with high - minded rhetoric .
What was stopping Obama ?
Only realism , Goldberg wrote , " the worst thing " about the Republican Party and the root of Obama 's rhetorical reluctance .
Writing on the website of the neoconservative journal Commentary Magazine , Jonathan Tobin decried the Obama administration as - horror of horrors - the second term of George H. W. Bush .
Despite the outrage , few of the President 's critics have been able to muster any actual evidence that Iran 's protesters want President Obama to use the bully pulpit more forcefully , or that the President could successfully direct the wave of Iranian dissatisfaction to our liking even if he did speak out .
It is merely enough that he mouth the right platitudes .
It 's clear why neoconservatives are launching this two - pronged assault on both Obama and his reputed realism .
For eight years , neoconservative ideas were in ascendancy ( particularly during the first four years of President George W. Bush 's term ) .
And while they wrap themselves in the mantle of American idealism , the actual results of their policymaking were , shall we say , less than ideal .
President Bush did speak out boldly against North Korea and Iran .
And both made considerable gains in their nuclear capabilities .
From Egypt to Georgia , President Bush - egged on by neoconservative pundits and analysts - wrote rhetorical checks he had no intention ( or ability ) to cash .
While it makes sense that neoconservatives would fight hard to salvage their legacy , it 's less clear why Republicans would want to join them at the barricades .
The public , to date , has been supportive of President Obama 's handling of foreign policy in general , and of Iran in particular .
A majority of respondents approved of Obama 's approach to foreign policy in a recent Times / CBS News poll - tracking similar findings this month from Pew Research .
A plurality of likely voters surveyed by Rasmussen Reports support the president 's handling of Iran .
Perhaps the public 's mood will sour as the regime in Tehran continues to up its violent ante .
Or maybe the American public is onto something .
For all the sins of realism , real and imagined , it 's worth asking if any supposedly realist president has led the country into the strategic cul - de- sac which is the Iraq War - where it is considered a victory when only 340 Iraqis died violent deaths in May .
This neoconservative brain child has wrought a steep cost in American blood and treasure , to say nothing of immense Iraqi suffering .
Key to early U.S. failures in Iraq were baseless assertions of how Iraqi society would respond when their dictator was overthrown .
The same voices browbeating the President to intervene forcefully in Iran were heard in 2002 expounding on the virtues of Iraq 's middle class , its strong nationalism ( which trumped sectarian and tribal loyalties ) , the capacity of its oil wealth to facilitate reconstruction and - above all - the gratitude its people would show America 's occupying force .
Is it any wonder President Obama is ignoring them now ?
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Saying " the time has come , " Gov. David Paterson announced Thursday he will introduce a bill in the state legislature to legalize same - sex marriage in New York .
Gov. David Paterson said it 's time to to legalize same - sex marriage in New York .
" The time has come to act .
The time has come for leadership .
The time has come to bring marriage equality to the state of New York , " he said in a morning news conference .
The proposed legislation would allow same - sex couples in the state to enter into civil marriages and enjoy the same rights afforded to heterosexual married couples .
He defined the issue as one that would affect families and not just those " walking down the aisle . "
" Too many loving families right here in New York state have not received legal recognition they actually deserve , " Paterson said .
" We have an honor and we have a duty to make sure equality exists for everyone . "
The legislation would give same - sex couples 1,300 to 1,400 rights that do n't exist unless a couple is married , he said .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and several federal , state and local lawmakers were present to show their support for both the governor and the proposed legislation .
" New Yorkers pride themselves on their ability to practice their individual freedoms , " Bloomberg said , " and that includes the right to say what you believe , to practice your own faith and to love whomever you want , and it 's time for this state to take the next step and ensure the rights of same - sex couples to marry whom they want . "
State Sen. Thomas Duane , who will sponsor the bill in the state Senate , added , " I know that Gov. Paterson is going to roll up his sleeves , and he 's going to get this done , and we 're going to make same - sex marriage a reality in this state . "
Paterson 's announcement comes when his disapproval ratings are at a new high .
In a recent survey by Quinnipiac University , 60 percent of New York state voters said they disapproved of Paterson 's job as governor , while only 20 percent approved .
Regardless , many in the state are backing the effort to provide legal equality for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community in New York .
If the legislation passes , New York would be the fifth state in which same - sex marriages are legal , joining Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa .
Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer introduced the same bill in 2007 .
It passed in the state Assembly 85 - 61 but died in the Senate .
Passage in the Assembly is again expected , while it remains to be seen whether the bill will get the 32 votes it needs to pass in the Senate .
Among the bill 's opponents is the Roman Catholic Church .
Just hours after his installation Wednesday as the archbishop of New York , the Most Rev. Timothy Dolan said in his first news conference that he would n't shy away from the controversy .
Many of its supporters , however , are confident .
" I absolutely look forward to standing with you , governor , when you sign this wonderful piece of legislation into law , " Duane said Thursday morning .
And for many , Paterson 's announcement represents a hopeful future .
David Kilmnick , CEO of Long Island Gay and Lesbian Youth , was present at the announcement .
He said he hopes to marry his partner of eight years , " maybe this year . "
" It felt like today , for one of the first times , I really mattered , my life really mattered , my family mattered , " he said .
" I was proud to be a New Yorker today -- to be standing and watching our governor stand up on the side of equality . "
All About David Paterson • Same - Sex Marriage
Leading experts at the 2009 Aspen Environment Forum called ocean acidification caused by high levels of CO2 emissions a “ planet changer ” , and predicted that all coral in the ocean would be in danger of dying off by mid-century if we continued to burn fossil fuel at our current rate .
Ken Caldeira of Carnegie Institution , Martin Hoffert of New York University , and Dawn Martin of SeaWeb told attendees at the session “ The Ocean Carbon Cycle : Facing the Damage ” that we have n’t taken the issue seriously enough , and expressed dismay at the lack of media coverage for such an important issue .
“ People would be more upset if you told them that their favorite TV show was canceled than if you told them that entire biomes would disappear . ” – Ken Caldeira , Carnegie Institution
The issue of ocean acidification is not well known outside of academia , yet the impact on many of the ocean ’s life forms will be severe .
Too much is unknown about possible cascade effects on climate change due to acidification , as well as any ripple effects on other marine ecosystems due to loss of coral reefs worldwide .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/AiTTH5AoLMM&hl=en&fs=1]
The ocean absorbs about 1/4 of the CO2 released into the atmosphere by human activities each year , which tempers the effect of this greenhouse gas on our climate .
Carbonic acid is formed when the CO2 is dissolved in the seawater , which lowers the pH ( increases the acidity ) .
An acidic ocean reduces the rate at which corals can produce their skeletons and at which other marine organisms can build their shells .
And so many other marine organisms are affected by anything that takes a toll on the corals .
It ’s estimated that the global economy based on coral ( and other related marine life ) is about $ 16 trillion per year .
We ’ve taken carbon that has been stored under the earth for hundreds of millions of years and burned it at an ever - increasing rate over the last hundred years , so even if we stopped all CO2 emissions from human activity , the levels of CO2 wo n’t return to pre-industrial levels any time soon .
It may take 10,000 years to recover from these extremely high CO2 levels in the atmosphere .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/YWbTIAdpgfs&hl=en&fs=1]
The big takeaways from the session I attended with these experts were that there are no safe levels of CO2 emissions , and that we absolutely need a moratorium on fossil fuel burning and emissions .
We need to radically change our energy sources to carbon neutral power generation , and we need to do it now .
That ’s a tall order , but one that we need to heed .
Image : laszlo - photo
The insurance industry says it wholeheartedly embraces a health care overhaul , promising Congress and the president that it will make it much easier for individuals to buy insurance on their own .
Insurers , for example , have agreed to sell policies even to people with pre-existing medical conditions , and to stop basing prices on how healthy or sick someone is .
These sweeping concessions would help legislators achieve their goal of putting health coverage within reach of many of the nearly 50 million individuals who currently have none .
But so far , the industry has made no such promises about another segment of the health insurance market , one responsible for many people being uninsured in the first place : the market for small employers .
By some estimates , about half of the nation ’s uninsured are people who are self - employed or work for a small business .
In other words , policy analysts and others say , unless the insurance industry is willing to give some of the same ground to small businesses that they have ceded to individual policy holders , a big part of what is wrong with the nation ’s health care system may not get fixed .
Copyright & Permissions
Unless otherwise noted all written material on this blog is copyrighted by the blog owner .
All rights are reserved except as stated below .
I generally have no problem with someone quoting Ad Orientem unless it's for commercial purposes or something that 's copyrighted other than by me ( in either which case kindly ask first ) .
In all cases please be polite and include attribution and a link .
Remember good netiquette .
A conscientious effort is made to respect the rights of others when quoting or displaying their work on this blog .
As a general rule only excerpts are posted with a link to the original source .
Common sense exceptions may include instances where it is believed in good faith that the content falls within the public domain or where the quoted content is so brief that excerpting is not practical .
WASHINGTON — The choice of Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal to become the new U.S. commander in Afghanistan has been hailed by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and national news media as ushering in a new unconventional approach to counterinsurgency .
But McChrystal ’s background sends a very different message from the one claimed by Gates and the news media .
His long specialization in counter - terrorism operations suggests an officer who is likely to have more interest in targeted killings than in the kind of politically sensitive counterinsurgency programs that the Obama administration has said it intends to carry out .
In announcing the extraordinary firing of Gen. David McKiernan and the nomination of McChrystal to replace him , Gates said that the mission in Afghanistan “ requires new thinking and new approaches by our military leaders ” and praised McChrystal for his “ unique skill set in counterinsurgency ” .
Media reporting on the choice of McChrystal simply echoed the Pentagon ’s line .
The Washington Post said his selection “ marks the continued ascendancy of officers who have pressed for the use of counterinsurgency tactics , in Iraq and Afghanistan , that are markedly different from the Army ’s traditional doctrine ” .
The New York Times cited unnamed “ Defense Department officials ” in reporting , “ His success in using intelligence and firepower to track and kill insurgents , and his training in unconventional warfare that emphasizes the need to protect the population , made him the best choice for the command in Afghanistan . . . ”
The Wall Street Journal suggested that McChrystal was the kind of commander who would “ fight the kind of complex counterinsurgency warfare ” that Gates wants to see in Afghanistan , because his command of Special Operations forces in Iraq had involved “ units that specialize in guerilla warfare , including the training of indigenous armies ” .
But these explanations for the choice of McChrystal equate his command of the Special Operations forces with expertise on counterinsurgency , despite the fact that McChrystal spent his last five years as a commander of Special Operations forces focusing overwhelmingly on counter - terrorism operations , not on counterinsurgency .
Whereas counterinsurgency operations are aimed primarily at influencing the population and are primarily non-military , counter - terrorism operations are exclusively military and focus on targeting the “ enemy ” .
As commander of the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) from April 2003 to August 2008 , he was preoccupied with pursuing high value al Qaeda targets and local and national insurgent leaders in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan — mostly through targeted raids and airstrikes .
It was under McChrystal ’s command , in fact , that JSOC shifted away from the very mission of training indigenous military units in counterinsurgency operations that had been a core mission of Special Operations Forces .
McChrystal spent an unusual five years as commander of JSOC , because he had become a close friend of then Secretary of Defence Donald Rumsfeld .
Rumsfeld came to view JSOC as his counter to the covert operations capabilities of the CIA , which he hated and distrusted , and Rumsfeld used JSOC to capture or kill high value enemy leaders , including Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda ’s top leader in Iraq , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi .
In 2005 , JSOC ’s parent command , the Special Operations Command ( SOCOM ) , was directed by Rumsfeld to “ plan , synchronize and , as directed , conduct global operations against terrorist networks in coordination with other combatant commanders ” .
That directive has generally been regarded as granting SOCOM the authority to carry out actions unilaterally anywhere on the globe .
Under that directive , McChyrstal and JSOC carried out targeted raids and other operations against suspected Taliban in Afghanistan that were not coordinated with the commander of other U.S. forces in the country .
Gen. David Barno , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , has said that he put a stop to targeted airstrikes in early 2004 , but they resumed after he was replaced by McKiernan in 2005 .
U.S. airstrikes which have caused hundreds of civilian deaths have become a major political issue in Afghanistan and the subject of official protests by Afghan President Hamid Karzai as well as by the lower house of the Afghan parliament .
Many of the airstrikes and commando raids that have caused large - scale civilian deaths have involved Special Operations forces operating separately from the NATO command .
Special Operations forces under McChrystal ’s command also engaged in raiding homes in search of Taliban suspects , angering villagers in Herat province to the point where they took up arms against the U.S. forces , according to a May 2007 story by Carlotta Gall and David E. Sanger of the New York Times .
After a series of raids by Special Operations forces in Afghanistan in late 2008 and early 2009 killed women and children , to mounting popular outrage , McChrystal ’s successor as commander of JSOC , Vice Adm .
William H. McRaven , ordered a temporary reduction in the rate of such commando raids in mid-February for two weeks .
However , the JSOC raids resumed at their original intensity in March .
Later that month Gen. David Petraeus issued a directive putting all JSOC operations under McKiernan ’s tactical command , but there has been no evidence that the change has curbed the raids by Special Operations Forces .
President Barack Obama ’s National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones responded to Karzai ’s demand for an end to U.S. airstrikes by saying , “ We ’re going to take a look at trying to make sure that we correct those things we can correct , but certainly to tie the hands of our commanders and say we ’re not going to conduct air strikes , it would be imprudent , ”
The airstrike in western Farah province that killed nearly 150 civilians last week , provoking protests by hundreds of university students in Kabul , was also ordered by Special Operations Forces .
McChrystal ’s nomination to become director of the Joint Staff at the Pentagon in May 2008 was held up for months while the Senate Armed Services Committee investigated a pattern of abuse of detainees by military personnel under his command .
Sixty - four service personnel assigned or attached to Special Operations units were disciplined for detainee abuse between early 2004 and the end of 2007 .
Capt .
Carolyn Wood , an operations officer with the 519th Military Intelligence Battalion , gave military investigators a sworn statement in 2004 in which she said she had drawn guidance for interrogation from a directive called “ TF - 121 IROE , ” which had been given to the members of Task Force 121 , a unit directly under JSOC .
However , the military refused to make that document public , despite requests from the American Civil Liberties Union and other human rights groups , protecting McChrystal from legal proceedings regarding his responsibility for detainee abuses .
He was never held accountable for those abuses , supposedly because of the secrecy of the operation of JSOC .
Although he has been linked with detainee abuses and raids that kill numbers of civilians , McChrystal has not had any direct experience with the non-military elements of such a strategy .
W. Patrick Lang , formerly the defense intelligence officer for the Middle East , suggested in his blog Monday that the McChrystal nomination “ sounds like a paradigm shift in which Obama ’s policy of destroying the leadership of al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan takes priority over everything else . ”
The choice of McChrystal certainly appears to signal the administration ’s readiness to continue Special Operations forces raids and airstrikes that are generating growing opposition by Afghans to the U.S. military presence .
By Ahmad Budeiri
BBC Arabic , Jerusalem
Israeli intelligence sees using Facebook as a potential threat to security The battlefield in the Middle East may be changing .
Israeli intelligence agencies have warned citizens of the risks in using social networking sites such as Facebook .
They say that the internet is a war zone between Israel and its enemies including Hamas , Hezbollah and Iranian groups .
According to the Israeli intelligence analyst , Dr Ronen Bergman , Israel 's concerns are twofold : first , that Israeli internet sites might be breached and sabotaged ; second , that Israeli soldiers might be enticed to give away secrets .
Israeli intelligence officials are worried that Israelis risk leaking sensitive information or may even be kidnapped if they speak too openly with Palestinians and Lebanese online .
They fear that Israelis might be encouraged to leave Israel to meet someone they meet in the virtual world of Facebook and then be kidnapped in the hope that they can be exchanged for some of the thousands of Palestinians held in Israeli jails .
Many national governments issue advice to their citizens about using the internet safely .
But Israeli intelligence tips are more like strict orders .
National service is an obligation of Israeli citizens and many have knowledge of information which is secret or at least highly sensitive .
Dr Ronen Bergman says that Hamas claims that it got important information via the internet about intelligence networks and spies and also about some of the elite units in the Israeli army .
Of particular concern are social networking sites such as Facebook .
The fear is that people who use Facebook may let their guard down in a way they would never do if they were speaking face - to - face .
Virtual Training Camps
But Israel cannot just rely on giving advice .
A battle is being fought day and night by trained " soldiers " fighting an enemy they can not see .
Private companies are involved in this war to provide protection for government and financial websites which are constantly under attack and sometimes breached .
Safenet Aladin was formed in the United States 26 years ago and now has branches in over 100 countries
It has a specially designed laboratory in Israel to conduct experiments and simulate electronic attacks .
The laboratory is a kind of virtual training camp where engineers are taught how to use the most sophisticated programs to repulse electronic invasions .
The manager of security technology at the Israeli branch of the company , Ofer Alzam , told BBC Arabic Radio about the laboratory and how the battle is fought on the internet .
One of the tools they use in the battle is an electronic key which contains encrypted data and is provided to a number of clients to help protect vital secret information .
The key not only protects secret information but also foresees computer threats .
" First , we have to foresee the threat .
If we can anticipate it we can normally deal with it .
In one or two percent of cases however , we have to minimise the threat window to provide protection and security against new threats , particularly for major internet providers " says Mr Alzam .
Bullet proof
The most sensitive Israeli strategic sites are those housing electronic databases .
The companies that provide these for individuals , the government and private companies pride themselves on the level of security they provide their clients .
Saji Maysar , the marketing manager of on such internet security company , Samial , took me to a room secured by strong doors and bullet - proof glass .
Over the loud hum of the computer servers housed there he said that if there was ever a successful attack on this room it would be the equivalent of a strike on a key military base .
He said the room held sensitive information which not only had to be protected against cyber - attack but also against physical attack by those who wanted to harm Israel and its citizens .
The Israeli army itself has a division trained to fight cyber warfare to protect military secrets .
When intelligence officers resign from the army , some take their knowledge to one of the prestigious computer companies .
Many analysts now believe that the Israeli capability in this cyber war may now be as strong as more traditional Israeli defences built up over the past half - century .
It is difficult to judge who is winning this war , or sometimes to even find out where the battles are being fought .
But Israel 's considerable intelligence resources need to be constantly on full alert to prevent a successful attack by nimble enemies who are becoming increasingly astute in fighting a virtual war from their laptops .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Sri Lanka 's military has announced the death of feared Tamil Tiger rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran .
He and two of his commanders reportedly died trying to flee the last rebel - held patch of jungle in the north - east .
An army spokesman told the BBC it had yet to identify Prabhakaran 's body and Tamil media outside Sri Lanka have denied his death .
Sri Lanka 's president is to formally declare the insurgency over shortly , but the country is already celebrating .
Reports of Prabhakaran 's fate cannot be verified as reporters are barred from the war zone .
European Union foreign ministers meeting in Brussels have condemned civilian casualties from the conflict and called for an inquiry into alleged war crimes by both sides .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon 's office said he was planning to visit Sri Lanka , without providing any further details .
UN humanitarian aid chief John Holmes said the priority was to evacuate all the civilians caught up in the fighting .
" [ We ] hope that all the civilians are indeed out of that zone , and indeed are heading towards safety , but it 's hard for us to be absolutely sure about that for the moment , " he said .
' Alive and well '
Over the past few weeks Sri Lankan forces routed the rebels , overrunning their territory .
The BBC's Charles Haviland , in Colombo
There is jubilation in the streets as crowds cheer , light firecrackers and wave the national flag to greet the announcement from the army chief , Gen Sarath Fonseka , that " all military operations have come to a stop " .
In the old bazaar area , Sinhala , Tamil , Muslim and other people told the BBC they were relieved .
For decades they had feared boarding buses or visiting temples , some said , for fear of bombs .
Now they hoped there would be peace with development .
There 's still widespread humanitarian concern about civilians who may have been caught up in the fighting .
Peace hopes grip Sri Lankans
In pictures : Sri Lanka victorious
The Tigers , or LTTE , were eventually cornered in a tiny part of the 15,000 sq km territory they had controlled until recently .
They declared a ceasefire on Sunday .
Military officials said Prabhakaran had been killed along with his intelligence chief Pottu Amman and Soosai , the head of the rebels ' naval wing .
They were trying to flee advancing government troops when their vehicle was ambushed , the officials said , adding that the rebel leader 's burnt body had been recovered and that DNA tests were under way .
But Tamilnet , the Tamil news service often used by the rebels to issue statements , is running a denial of Prabhakaran 's death .
He is " alive and well " , it quoted Selvarasa Pathmanathan , the Tigers ' head of international relations , as saying .
Ethnic Tamils have demonstrated in London , Brussels and Geneva in protest at Sri Lanka 's actions .
Sri Lanka 's military also reported killing three other senior rebel leaders , including Prabhakaran 's eldest son Charles Anthon , and said it had killed 250 Tamil Tigers on Sunday night .
Under Prabhakaran , the Tigers assassinated several Sri Lankan political leaders and the former Indian Prime Minister , Rajiv Gandhi .
The LTTE was branded a terrorist organisation by many countries and Prabhakaran was wanted by Interpol - the global police network - for murder , terrorism , organised crime and conspiracy .
Text message
The government 's information department sent news of Prabhakaran 's death by text message to mobile phones across the country , prompting celebrations in the streets of the capital Colombo .
As the military announced a successful end to their operations against the rebels , President Mahinda Rajapakse was shown on TV shaking the hands of the heads of the three armed services .
National flags have been flying off the shelves , the BBC's Charles Haviland reports from Colombo .
More than 1,000 Sri Lankans also protested outside the British High Commission , accusing the UK of seeking to help the rebels by earlier calling for a ceasefire .
Some protesters threw stones and burnt an effigy of UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband , and a High Commission spokesman said it was " an outrage " that the Sri Lankan authorities had let the demonstration become so violent .
There is still widespread international concern about civilians who may have been caught up in the fighting .
Sources in the UN say significant numbers of civilians were still in the combat zone but the Sri Lankan government said all civilians had left .
The Tigers had been fighting for a separate state for Tamils in the north and east of Sri Lanka since the 1970s .
More than 70,000 people have been killed in the conflict and thousands displaced .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Tens of thousands of North Koreans have rallied in Pyongyang to celebrate what the official media say was a successful satellite launch over the weekend .
The US and others say the launch ended in failure , with the rocket falling into the ocean .
The US , Japan and South Korea fear it was a cover for a long - range ballistic missile test .
But attempts to discuss new sanctions against North Korea have met opposition from Russia and China .
North Korea has warned that " strong steps " will follow if the UN does takes action .
It has also told Japan to stop sending ships to search for debris from the rocket , describing such action as espionage and an " intolerable military provocation . "
' Proud victory '
The mass rally on Pyongyang 's Kim Il - sung Square comes a day before a meeting of the communist state 's new parliament .
The meeting is expected to re-elect leader Kim Jong - il to his most important post - chairman of the powerful National Defence Commission - and strengthen his grip on power , despite recent health concerns .
Analysts say the timing of the rocket launch , the rally and recent footage of Mr Kim have all been designed to bolster support ahead of the meeting .
Senior communist party secretary Choe Thae - Bok called the launch a " proud victory " .
" The imperialists and reactionaries who have committed all kinds of despicable acts , tenaciously pursuing ... moves to isolate and stifle us , will be driven into a yet tighter corner because of our satellite launch , " he told the rally .
The North insists it put a communications satellite into orbit , which is beaming back patriotic songs .
On Tuesday , it released what it said was a video recording of the launch .
But South Korea , Japan and the US say there is no sign of the satellite in space .
They say it crashed back down to Earth , into the Pacific Ocean .
Punishment ?
The UN Security Council has been debating whether North Korea should be punished for the weekend 's launch .
The US , South Korea and Japan say the launch violates UN Security Council Resolution 1718 , which was adopted in October 2006 and bans North Korea from carrying out ballistic missile activity .
Japan and the US are pushing for a UN Security Council resolution which would reinforce and possibly extend the existing sanctions against North Korea , applied in the wake of the country 's nuclear test in 2006 .
But China and Russia have been more cautious , saying they are yet to be convinced Pyongyang broke the rules .
Moscow said Sunday 's test was a cause for concern but urged against " hasty conclusions " while China said Pyongyang had the right to a peaceful space programme .
North Korea 's deputy UN ambassador Pak Tok - hun has warned the council against trying to punish Pyongyang .
If the 15 - member security council took " any kind of steps whatever , we will consider this infringes upon the sovereignty of our country " , he said , threatening " necessary and strong steps " .
Rep . Paul Broun , R- GA , was on Fox and Friends yesterday touting his proposal to have Congress officially designate 2010 " The Year of the Bible " , and he had an interesting rationale for it :
Broun :
Well , it 's all about freedom , actually .
The Bible was the basis of our laws , it was the basis of the Constitution of the United States , the Declaration of Independence -- the Bible was the founding source .
Hmmmmm .
Well , some of us have heard otherwise , but OK , whatever .
You may remember Rep. Broun .
Last November he won lots of friends on both sides of the aisle and in the White House when he warned that Obama was preparing a Hitler - like dictatorship with his civilian - youth - corps proposal : " That 's exactly what Hitler did in Nazi Germany and it's exactly what the Soviet Union did ...
When he 's proposing to have a national security force that 's answering to him , that is as strong as the U.S. military , he 's showing me signs of being Marxist . "
Broun is , of course , asking President Obama to issue this proclamation .
And what will Obama achieve by issuing it ?
Broun : The Bible was the basis of our nation .
And as we look to the future , and as we deal with our economic problems , as we 're stealing our grandchildren 's future , we need to look at the principles that were taught Biblically .
When our Founding Fathers established this country , they established it on freedom .
That 's what the Bible teaches .
Every single one of our laws are based on the Biblical precepts .
And we need to turn back to those precepts if our country 's going to be strong and great again .
It 's absolutely critical for us to understand what freedom's all about , what our own responsibility is all about , and what government 's function within our society is supposed to be .
And we have forgotten that in Washington .
We are heading down a road that 's going to destroy our nation .
We are headed toward a total government control of everybody 's lives -- a loss of freedom , a loss of our money , a loss of our private property -- and it's extremely critical now for us to go back to those foundational principles that this country was founded upon .
That 's the reason a proclamation of " The Year of the Bible " will help people understand what the importance of those , um , principles are all about as we go forward to make our nation secure , free , and great again .
Oh .
OK .
So you want President Obama to issue this proclamation so right - wing nutcases like yourself can hijack the entire text of the Bible to promote your teabagging brand of politics .
Whose entire purpose is to undermine the agenda of both the president and the Democratic Congress .
Right .
Well , lots of luck with that , Rep. Broun .
You can't make this stuff up .
Does terrorism work , meaning , does it achieve its perpetrators ' objectives ?
With terror attacks having become a routine and nearly daily occurrence , especially in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan , the conventional wisdom holds that terrorism works very well .
For example , the late Ehud Sprinzak of the Hebrew University ascribed the prevalence of suicide terrorism to its " gruesome effectiveness . "
Robert Pape of the University of Chicago argues that suicide terrorism is growing " because terrorists have learned that it pays . "
Harvard law professor Alan M. Dershowitz titled one of his books Why Terrorism Works .
But Max Abrahms , a fellow at Stanford University , disputes this conclusion , noting that they focus narrowly on the well - known but rare terrorist victories – while ignoring the much broader , if more obscure , pattern of terrorism 's failures .
To remedy this deficiency , Abrahms took a close look at each of the 28 terrorist groups so designated by the U.S. Department of State since 2001 and tallied how many of them achieved its objectives .
His study , " Why Terrorism Does Not Work , " finds that those 28 groups had 42 different political goals and that they achieved only 3 of those goals , for a measly 7 percent success rate .
Those three victories would be : ( 1 ) Hezbollah 's success at expelling the multinational peacekeepers from Lebanon in 1984 , ( 2 ) Hezbollah 's success at driving Israeli forces out of Lebanon in 1985 and 2000 , and ( 3 ) the Tamil Tiger 's partial success at winning control over areas of Sri Lanka after 1990 .
That 's it .
The other 26 groups , from the Abu Nidal Organization and Al - Qaeda and Hamas to Aum Shinriko and Kach and the Shining Path , occasionally achieved limited success but mostly failed completely .
Abrahms draws three policy implications from the data .
Guerrilla groups that mainly attack military targets succeed more often than terrorist groups that mainly attack civilian targets .
( Terrorists got lucky in the Madrid attack of 2004 . )
Terrorists find it " extremely difficult to transform or annihilate a country 's political system " ; those with limited objectives ( such as acquiring territory ) do better than those with maximalist objectives ( such as seeking regime change ) .
Not only is terrorism " an ineffective instrument of coercion , but … its poor success rate is inherent to the tactic of terrorism itself . "
This lack of success should " ultimately dissuade potential jihadists " from blowing up civilians .
This final implication , of frequent failure leading to demoralization , suggests an eventual reduction of terrorism in favor of less violent tactics .
Indeed , signs of change are already apparent .
Sayyid Imam al - Sharif
At the elite level , for example the former jihad theorist , Sayyid Imam al - Sharif ( a.k.a. Dr. Fadl ) , now denounces violence : " We are prohibited from committing aggression , " he writes , " even if the enemies of Islam do that . "
On the popular level , the Pew Research Center 's 2005 Global Attitudes Project found that " support for suicide bombings and other terrorist acts has fallen in most Muslim - majority nations surveyed " and " so too has confidence in Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "
Likewise , a 2007 Program on International Policy Attitudes study found that " Large majorities in all countries oppose attacks against civilians for political purposes and see them as contrary to Islam . …
Most respondents … believe that politically - motivated attacks on civilians , such as bombings or assassinations , cannot be justified . "
On the practical level , terrorist groups are evolving .
Several of them – specifically in Algeria , Egypt , and Syria – have dropped violence and now work within the political system .
Others have taken on non-violent functions – Hezbollah delivers medical services and Hamas won an election .
If Ayatollah Khomeini and Osama bin Laden represent Islamism 's first iteration , Hezbollah and Hamas represent a transitional stage , and Turkey 's prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , arguably the world 's most influential Islamist , shows the benefits of going legitimate .
But if going the political route works so well , why does Islamist violence continue and even expand ?
Because they are not always practical .
Rita Katz of the SITE Intelligence Group explains : " Engaged in a divine struggle , jihadists measure success not by tangible victories in this life but by God 's eternal benediction and by rewards received in the hereafter . "
In the long term , however , Islamists will likely recognize the limits of violence and increasingly pursue their repugnant goals through legitimate ways .
Radical Islam 's best chance to defeat us lies not in bombings and beheadings but in classrooms , law courts , computer games , television studios , and electoral campaigns .
We are on notice .
The labelling for the first homoeopathic product to get a licence from the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) should be illegal , because they breach Unfair Trading regulations , argues a senior scientist today .
In a letter published in this week 's BMJ , Professor David Colquhoun from University College London says the MHRA " has made a mockery of its own aims " by allowing Arnica 30C pills to be labelled " a homoeopathic medicinal product used with the homoeopathic tradition for the symptomatic relief of sprains , muscular aches , and bruising or swelling after contusions . "
This label should be illegal , he says , because the pills contain no trace of the ingredient on the label , but this deceit has been allowed through a legal loophole for a long time now .
He points out that if you sold strawberry jam that contained not a trace of strawberry you 'd be in trouble .
But he can see no such loophole that allows manufacturers of Arnica 30C to evade the consumer protection laws which ban " falsely claiming that a product is able to cure illnesses " and which apply to the way that " the average consumer " will interpret the label .
The average consumer is unlikely to know that " used with the homoeopathic tradition " is a form of weasel words that actually means " there is n't a jot of evidence that the medicine works , " he writes .
Since there is not the slightest evidence that Arnica 30 C pills provide symptomatic relief of sprains , etc , the labelling that the MHRA has approved seems to be illegal , he concludes .
In a second letter , Professor Stephen Evans from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine believes that the MHRA could have resisted granting a licence because there is " good evidence against any efficacy . "
This fiasco , he says , takes us back to the days before drug regulation was introduced , partly to prevent hazards of snake oil - type remedies .
And he warns that this product " may have major indirect harms – not only in individual patients who may not get benefit from the other effective remedies but also in a general sense by undermining the rational basis for medicine . "
In a final letter , Nicholas Moore , a clinical pharmacologist at the University of Bordeaux , says that " giving homoeopathy credit for any kind of demonstrable efficacy is ludicrous . "
But he suggests that homoeopathy might be useful as " a truly inactive placebo " for over - treated illnesses such as the common cold and insomnia .
This " will not alter the course of the disease .
But the patient will feel better , which is one of the aims of medicine 's art , if not its science , " he writes .
Source : BMJ - British Medical Journal
No Common Ground Why We Should n't Negotiate with Anti-Choice Terrorists
Remembering Dr. Tiller .
Dr. George Tiller was a lightning rod for anti-choice forces because he performed late - term abortions — abortions after 21 weeks ' gestation — for girls and women whose pregnancies had gone tragically , often life - threateningly , wrong .
Some were women who wanted their pregnancies , but found out late in their terms that their baby had no brain , or that their twins were conjoined and could not survive , or that their baby was already dead .
Others were rape victims as young as 10 or 11 , some of them too young to even realize they had had periods .
About 200 men , women , and children gathered at the foot of the reflecting pool in Cal Anderson Park on Capitol Hill on Monday , June 1 , to remember the life and mourn the death of Tiller , who was gunned down at his Wichita , Kansas , church last Sunday morning .
He had been the target of an ongoing campaign of intimidation and harassment by anti-choice protesters at his home and clinic for the past three decades .
He was 67 .
Rose Mineer , who spoke at Monday 's vigil , was one of Tiller 's patients .
Twelve years ago , when Mineer was 17 , she was raped .
" Through a not - uncommon welter of emotions , including shame and fear and confusion , I hid my pregnancy for four and a half months , " she said Monday .
By the time she came clean with her family and decided she wanted an abortion , it was too late for a conventional procedure , so she went to Dr. Tiller .
" Looking back , the main emotion I remember feeling was a sense of safety and a sense of respect , " she said .
Tiller " spent an unimaginable number of hours with me over the week I was there .
He was totally willing to take a sobbing 17 - year - old and just hold her for half an hour while she cried .
I never felt the least bit judged , and I think that 's how my own personal healing began . "
For countless women and girls like Mineer , Tiller was a godsend .
His death leaves the U.S. with just two doctors who perform late - term therapeutic abortions — and a medical community in which providing late - term abortions will be seen as more dangerous than ever .
" The clinics already knew that there was going to be an escalation , because that 's historically what we 've seen happen when we get a federal administration that believes in women 's right to choose , " NARAL Pro-Choice Washington director Lauren Simonds told me Tuesday .
During the Clinton years , she said , there were six murders and 17 attempted murders of abortion providers and clinic staff .
In the Bush years , there were zero .
So - called mainstream anti-abortion activists were quick to distance themselves from Tiller 's murder , denouncing it , in the words of Operation Rescue director Troy Newman , as a " cowardly act " of " vigilantism . "
If only that were true .
Tiller 's murder was not an isolated act by a lone , crazed individual , as many officials , including President Obama , have insisted .
It was the culmination of a terror campaign whose primary currency is intimidation .
If you believe , as anti-abortion extremists do , that abortion is murder , then murdering in retaliation makes perfect sense .
An eye for an eye .
" When the so - called peaceful anti-choice protesters use language that dehumanizes and demonizes our providers by calling them murderers and baby - killers , they are inciting those who are more violent , " Simonds said .
In a speech two weeks ago at Notre Dame , Obama encouraged both sides of the abortion " debate " to " open our hearts and minds to those who might not think like we do , " to find " common ground " with our ideological opposites .
The problem with such lofty supplications is that they presume each side is equally responsible for the contentiousness of the abortion " debate , " and that if we'd just sit down and talk , we 'd figure out a solution that works for everyone .
But there is no common ground — not when " common ground " is code for ceding women 's rights to calm a storm we did n't create .
And not when the difference between the two " sides " is that one side believes women have the right to determine their own destinies , and the other side believes women should cede control of our bodies to the state .
Terrorism only works if we give up that ground .
You do n't negotiate with terrorists , whether they 're killing doctors or " only " threatening , harassing , and intimidating them .
" There was a gap in the cladding where he was trying to kill the spider and so the sparks got through to the material behind and started spreading upwards towards the roof .
Shares
I realize that our fearless leader Steve Novella has already written about this topic twice .
He has , as usual , done a bang - up job of describing how Arianna Huffington ’s political news blog has become a haven for quackery , even going so far as to entitle his followup post The Huffington Post ’s War on Science .
And he ’s absolutely right .
The Huffington Post has waged a war on science , at least a war on science - based medicine , ever since its inception , a mere two weeks after which it was first noticed that anti-vaccine lunacy ruled the roost there .
Because I ’ve had experience with this topic since 2005 , I thought I ’d try to put some perspective on the issue , in order to show you just how pervasive pseudoscience has been ( and for how long ) at the blog whose name is often abbreviated as “ HuffPo . ”
ANTI -VACCINE LUNACY AT THE HUFFINGTON POST
My disdain for The Huffington Post ’s treatment of medical science goes way , way back–all the way back to its very beginnings .
As I mentioned before , a mere two or three weeks after Arianna Huffington ’s little vanity project hit the blogosphere , I noticed a very disturbing trend in its content .
That trend was a strong undercurrent of antivaccination blogging .
At the time , a “ friend ” of mine pointed out how Santa Monica pediatrician to the stars and “ vaccine skeptic ” Dr. Jay Gordon ( whom both Steve and I have discussed ) had found a home there , along with David Kirby , author of the mercury militia Bible Evidence of Harm ( and who has been a regular punching bag of mine for at least four years , and deservedly so ) , and Janet Grilo .
This was right from the beginning .
These anti-vaccine “ luminaries ” were soon joined by Robert F. Kennedy , Jr ( whose anti-vaccine activism I have discussed before ) and more recently by Deirdre Imus , the driving force ramping up the antivaccinationist mercury militia proclivities of her husband , aging shock jock Don Imus .
( Indeed , if Jenny McCarthy did n’t exist , Deirdre Imus would get my vote for the antvaccine zealot who routinely says the most astoundingly ignorant things about science . )
Although we do n’t hear much from Grilo or Gordon anymore , other than an occasional specious analogy between tobacco companies and the pro-vaccine stance of the CDC and AAP or nonsense about Tamiflu , unfortunately we do hear from Kirby , Imus , and Kennedy on a fairly regular basis , all on The Huffington Post , with one of the few voices of reason when it comes to vaccines being Arthur Allen , author of Vaccine : The Controversial Story of Medicine ’s Greatest Lifesaver .
Unfortunately , Allen has not posted to HuffPo in a long time .
Given this history , it ’s not for naught that on occasion I ’ve referred to The Huffington Post “ Arianna ’s Home for Happy Antivaccinationists ” and noted that it ’s been seriously questioned whether it could ever do a real science section .
Meanwhile , while anti-vaccine “ luminaries ” such as David Kirby and RFK , Jr. regularly delivered the anti-vaccine propaganda on HuffPo , former Media & Special Projects Editor of The Huffington Post , Rachel Sklar was quite impressed with McCarthy ’s antics on CNN back in April 2008 , when McCarthy shouted down pediatricians and scientists who tried to refute her scientific ignorance .
Since then , she has e-mailed me to argue that she is not “ anti- vaccine , ” and I will take her at her word , but she sure could have fooled me with her breathless praise of Jenny McCarthy ’s boorishness last April on Larry King Live .
Soon after , Alison Rose Levy joined her .
In recent days , I ’ve learned that Levy also happens to be a booster of other forms of unscientific medicine and was recently very impressed with the testimony of Dean Ornish , Andrew Weil , Mehmet Oz , and Mark Hyman , at the Institute of Medicine that I discussed earlier this year , arguing that their talks were nothing more than the same old pseudoscientific justifications for “ integrating ” pseudoscience and faith - based medicine with science - based medicine .
Indeed , of late , HuffPo even invited a managing editor of the antivaccine propaganda blog Age of Autism , namely Kim Stagliano , to blog for it .
It does n’t get more anti-vaccine than that–one of the “ editors ” of the most prominent anti-vaccine blog promoting the scientifically discredited idea that vaccines somehow cause autism .
Finally , just a little more than a week ago , surprising me , given that I had been waiting for Jenny McCarthy to make an appearance as a blogger on HuffPo , her much more famous boyfriend , Jim Carrey , started blogging for HuffPo with an incredibly inane bit of anti-vaccine propaganda entitled The Judgment on Vaccines Is In ???
In it , Carrey regurgitated all manner of anti-vaccine talking points , including the “ toxins ” gambit ( apparently Dr. Jay never warned Carrey just how much it reveals Carrey ’s ignorance to use the “ formaldehyde ” or “ antifreeze ” in vaccines gambit ) ; parroted the intellectually dishonest Generation Rescue “ study ” that tries to correlate the vaccine schedules of various nations with their autism prevalences ( which I discussed here ) and its equally intellectually dishonest “ Fourteen Studies ” website ( discussed by Steve , leading to an all - out personal attack on him by J.B. Handley ; Mark ; and , of course , me ) .
Suffice it to say , the intellectual incompetence on display by Carrey was very reminiscent of at least one of characters he used to play on In Living Color back in the 1990s .
The post even had a similar structure to one of his old sketches .
There is little doubt that the blogging culture of HuffPo is steeped in anti-vaccine pseudoscience .
If that were all that ’s wrong with HuffPo , it would be bad enough .
But it ’s not .
This year , HuffPo blogging has taken a turn for the worse .
For HuffPo , this year is the year of the quack .
2009 : THE EMERGENCE OF RANK QUACKERY IN THE HUFFINGTON POST
HuffPo has been home to more than just anti-vaccine propaganda over the years .
Perhaps the most famous example is the regular appearance of that maven of “ quantum ” healing pseudoscience , Deepak Chopra ( whose IntentBlog often crossposts the same nonsense ) , who of late has become a point man in the battle to coopt President Obama ’s plans for health care reform in order to insert unscientific ‘ alternative medicine ” under the guise of “ wellness ” and “ prevention . ”
On the HuffPo , he has laid down all sorts of nonsense about dualism , “ intelligent design ” creationism , universal consciousness , and “ quantum ” healing .
All of this is standard fare for Chopra , and , for the most part , that ’s as far as HuffPo went into dubious medical science outside of vaccines .
Indeed , before 2009 advocacy of rank quackery not related to vaccines in the HuffPo has been relatively slight .
In 2009 , that changed .
Big time .
Enter licensed acupuncturist , certified clinical nutritionist , and a homeopath ( not to mention HuffPo ’s new “ Wellness Editor ” ) .
Here is how she is described in her bio :
On HuffPo , Patricia Fitzgerald has recommended a “ spring cleaning ” for your liver for “ detox ” and praised Jenny McCarthy and her promotion of “ biomedical ” quackery for autism .
I ca n’t help but speculate that in this case , the correlation between Fitzgerald ’s arrival and the major uptick in the number of posts touting unproven and pseudoscientific medical practices on HuffPo may well equal causation , even though Fitzgerald appears to be relatively careful not to go too far off the deep end in terms of the health care practices she advocates on HuffPo .
She , at least , is apparently smart enough to qualify them and stick mostly with diet and exercise as her cure - all .
Ramping up the woo a bit more into Deepak Chopra territory is Srinivasan Pillay , “ certified master coach , psychiatrist , brain imaging researcher and speaker , ” whatever that means ( other than psychiatrist ) .
As Peter Lipson has pointed out , his “ brain imaging ” publications in PubMed are pretty darned sparse , mostly functional MRI studies , which are very difficult to do correctly in order to obtain any correlations or useful data .
If his HuffPo presence is any indication , I hate to think what he ’s doing with that fMRI machine .
His first major “ contribution ” was an article entitled The Science of Distant Healing , in which he purports to present the “ scientific evidence ” for distant healing .
Distant healing , for those who may not be aware , is the magical belief that just by sending one ’s “ intent ” or wishes to a distant person one can actually heal that person or send one ’s “ intent ” to him or her .
I say “ magical ” belief because there really is n’t any other word to describe it .
There ’s no scientific or physical mechanism by which it can occur , at least none that scientists have yet been able to find .
His followup post , with Pillay seemingly irked at all the criticism he received for his distant healing article , was aptly entitled Why Rational Thinking Is Not All It ’s Cracked Up to Be .
In it , he concludes that , because humans are irrational , science can never be rational , never realizing that the scientific method itself is a system designed to minimize the effects of human cognitive biases and shortcomings on the observation of nature .
Steve Novella had some real fun with the nonsense in this post , and I ca n’t say that I blame him .
Still , like Fitzgerald , Dr. Pillay is relatively careful to stay in the rather mystical quantum world of Deepak Chopra and not to directly advocate anything clearly dangerous .
The same cannot be said of other bloggers , as not long after Fitzgerald ’s arrival a new quackery apologist lit up HuffPo with some of the most outrageously dangerous quackery I ’ve seen in a long time .
I ’m referring to Kim Evans , “ author of Cleaning Up ! and the creator of The Cleaning Up !
Cleanse , a powerful body cleanse that addresses deep levels of toxicity throughout the body and a common fungal problem , candida overgrowth . ”
She goes on to describe herself in her bio :
Kim believes that toxicity in the body is at the root of most all disease and impacts us in ways spiritually that perhaps defies current spiritual understanding .
She also believes that most disease can be permanently removed from the body with deep body cleansing , upgrading your on - going diet and consciously avoiding common toxicity sources .
Kim has spent thousands of hours researching , studying , cleansing and experimenting with different cleansing techniques and has eliminated more than a dozen problems in her own body – including several problems that medical doctors had no solutions for .
She ’s given people information that when they applied it , eliminated their health problems and had medical doctors adding years to their life expectancy – in addition to asking what they were doing so they could pass the information along to their patients because they had “ never seen anything like it . ”
Regular readers of this blog can predict the sorts of nonsense that Ms. Evans has been laying down about “ detox ” and colon and liver “ cleanses . ”
And lay it down she has , claiming that “ detox ” can get rid of fungal infections which , she claims that 90 % of us have .
Of course , 90 % of us do have candida albicans growing on or in our body somewhere , but in the presence of a competent immune system , it does n’t cause any problems .
That ’s not what Kim Evans is saying .
She ’s claiming that 90 % of us have “ overgrowth ” or are infected with candida .
Steve has already discussed Kim Evans ’ quackery advocacy twice , pointing out that her claim that antibiotics cause cancer and that fungus is cancer is rank quackery and that her defensiveness over the criticism that she is promoting pseudoscience is , in fact , an excellent example of how pseudoscientists think , rife with logical fallacies , postmodernist nonsense and tu quoque , as did a certain “ friend ” of mine .
However , because I ’m a surgical oncologist , I ca n’t help but briefly discuss one aspect of Kim Evan ’s world view that disturbs me greatly .
Specifically , it ’s her belief that Dr. Tullio Simoncini is correct about cancer .
DANGEROUS CANCER QUACKERY
So who is Dr. Simoncini ?
He ’s an Italian physician who claims to be an oncologist , whose claim to fame is the invention of the quackery–yes , quackery –that claims that cancer is in reality a fungus and that all cancer can be treated and cured with sodium bicarbonate .
Here is a video in which Simoncini describes how he came to this conclusion as he hawkshis book Cancer Is A Fungus , makes the argument that fungus is the One True Cause of Cancer and that the medical establishment is Too Deluded or Too Blind to realize it :
Worse , Simoncini proposes a treatment that , even if cancer were a fungus , is completely implausible and would n’t work .
Indeed , we do n’t treat fungal infections that way even when we are treating a clearly diagnosed fungal infection .
You can get an idea of just how quacktastic this video is by listening to Dr. Simoncini opine in the first couple of minutes of the vide that whenever he sees a cancerous tumor in the body , the lumps are “ always white . ”
He emphasizes this amazing observation several times , so apparently important is it .
Yes , that was the observation that supposedly led him to his idea ( I refuse to dignify it with the term “ hypothesis ” ) that tumors are in fact due to fungus .
In response , the host gushes about how brilliant that is and how obvious it is .
Just crush up a mushroom !
Of course , it would be a major blow to Dr. Simoncini ’s idea , would it not , if not all mushrooms are white .
Truly , Dr. Simonici has demonstrated the the ultimate in taking a flawed observation and running with it straight off the cliff , as this description of his book shows :
The book “ Cancer is a fungus ” describes how a fungous infection always forms the basis of every neoplastic formation , and this formation tries to spread within the whole organism without stopping .
I also have to wonder what kind of oncologist Simoncini is if that ’s all he ’s seen .
From my experience as a surgeon , it ’s trivial for me to tell you that not all tumors are white .
Many are , but a lot of them are brownish - colored , tan , or even greenish - colored .
( Uh - oh , better not let Dr. Simoncini know that ; that ’s fungus color we ’re talking ! )
And what about leukemias and other blood cancers ?
Dr. Simoncini then shows a bronchoscopy and thoracoscopy demonstrating white tumors .
I ’m supposed to be impressed by this ?
He also argues that in reality cancer is due to “ excess acidity ” that allows the fungus free rein .
So what is the answer , according to Dr. Simoncini ?
Baking soda .
Yes , baking soda , a.k.a. sodium bicarbonate .
Dr. Simoncini injects sodium bicarbonate into tumors and claims to be able to cure any cancer using these injections .
One thought that immediately comes to mind whenever I see a claim like this is : If Dr. Simoncini can actually do what he claims he can do , where are his publications ?
Where is his Nobel Prize ?
To be able to cure cancer by something as simple as injections of sodium bicarbonate directly into tumors would be such an incredible breakthrough that there ’s no way it could be kept quiet .
Yet somehow only Dr. Simoncini knows this remedy , which is not only physiologically incredibly implausible and is n’t even used to treat real , biopsy - or culture - proven fungal infections but has no evidence to support it .
There ’s a whole culture of acid - base quackery that I ’ve been meaning to write about in more detail , and Dr. Simoncini would be right up there among its chief “ practitioners . ”
Not surprisingly , Dr. Simoncini has been a focus of attention for the Italian health authorities .
All I could find was this thread on the JREF forums .
According to various commenters , not only was Dr. Simoncini expelled from the Italian Medical Order ( Ordine dei Medici e Chirurghi ) but he was condemned in the first degree by an Italian court for cheating and homicide .
Here ’s one report from a woman by the ‘nym of JennyJo :
I live in the Netherlands .
Last year , tullio simoncini was giving his treatments with sodium bicarbonate in a private clinic for alternative ‘ medicine ’ in Bilthoven in the Netherlands .
October 2007 , a woman with curable breast cancer , who was afraid of operation and chemo therapy , came into contact with simoncini and was treated by him .
He injected large doses of baking soda into her breast .
On the fourth day of the therapy , the woman became very ill and was transported to a university hospital in Amsterdam , where she died the following day .
The matter is since under investigation by the Dutch Justice Department .
Simoncini denies he ever treated the woman , although various staff members have seen him administering injections .
The clinic maintains the woman died of dehydration ( sic ) .
More application of science to Dr. Simoncini ’s quackery can be found at Cancer Is Not A Fungus and , of course , the Quackwatch affiliate Cancer Treatment Watch .
There ’s just so much wrong with Simoncini ’s ideas that at some point I may well jump into the ring myself with a more detailed explanation of just what is so wrong and why .
Suffice it to say Dr. Simoncini is without a doubt the very picture of a quack .
Also suffice it to say that Kim Evans believes in Simoncini ’s quackery and views him as “ persecuted , ” as this comment by her reveals :
Tullio Simoncini , yes , he had his license revoked , and there are reasons for that .
In modern medicine today , medical doctors must practice standard accepted procedures , and if not , their license is in jeopardy .
Let ’s be clear , Dr. Simoncini was not going the standard and accepted chemo and radiation route .
He found something far more effective and posed no harm to the patient .
But because it was outside standard practice , he had his license revoked .
Unfortunately , vitamin and herbal therapies also fall outside standard accepted practice , and are not often taught in medical school , as this community seems to think that only drugs are effective and little else plays a role in the body .
There are plenty of videos on the net if you care to watch Dr. Simoncini pour an alkaline solution of baking soda and water as close to a tumor as possible , and have the tumor disappear , often in a matter of days .
While I grant that it is possible that Dr. Simoncini could be wrong about the cause of the tumor ( I do n’t believe he is , but for arguments sake , I ’ll allow that possibility ) , I find it hard to believe that after graduating from oncology school he does n’t know what a tumor looks like .
Or that the videos showing the tumors being eliminated were somehow not eliminated or not tumors to begin with .
So , even if the cause was incorrect , the fact that these tumors are being quickly eliminated seems pretty straight forward .
To Evans , Simoncini is a persecuted martyr for the One True Cause of Cancer who ’s being attacked because he ’s supposedly better at curing cancer than “ ” outside of standard practice . ”
Never mind that it has zero physiological plausibility , relies on a model of cancer causation that is trivial to demonstrate to be utterly incorrect , and has zero evidence other than the lowest quality testimonials to support it .
Never mind that it ’s never been convincingly demonstrated that injecting anything into a large , established tumor will cure it , much less solutions of baking soda .
Never mind that Simoncini has been directly linked to the deaths of patients from his quackery .
Again , if Simoncini could really do what he claims and demonstrate it to accepted scientific standards , the Nobel Prize is his .
I suspect , however , that the Nobel committee wo n’t be considering him any time soon .
This is the sort of irresponsible promotion of outright quackery that HuffPo permits within its pages , but it does n’t end even there .
SWINE FLU QUACKERY AT HUFFPO
Given the recent scare over the likelihood of a swine flu pandemic , the quackery level has ramped up even more at HuffPo , led by ( who else ? )
Kim Evans , who penned a post called Swine Flu : Protect Yourself and Loved Ones .
In this post , Evans is more than willing to recommend her detox quackery to protect against swine flu :
Cleansing involves changing your internal environment and specifically , removing a bunch of the stored waste that most people have trapped in their bodies .
Most estimates are that the average person has ten or more pounds of stored waste just in their colon , and I ’d argue far more throughout their body .
In any case , many people have found that disease disappears when this waste is gone , and that when the body is clean it ’s much more difficult for new problems , like viruses , to take hold in the first place .
And it ’s my understanding that many people who took regular enemas instead of vaccines during the 1918 pandemic made it out on the other side as well .
That ’s right .
Evans is recommending enemas and “ detox ” quackery to protect yourself against the swine flu .
I can tell you one thing ; this woman is utterly ignorant of history .
There was no vaccine against influenza during the 1918 influenza pandemic .
In fact , influenza vaccines were only developed widely available during World War II , where they were used to protect our soldiers .
After the war , development of the vaccine continued .
Moreover , there are not –I repeat , not–ten or twenty pounds of “ stored waste ” in the colon that are making people sick , and it especially is n’t feces in your colon that gives you the flu .
Any surgeon who ’s ever operated on the colon regularly ( as I used to do until I subspecialized ) or gastroenterologist who does endoscopy knows this to by a myth , but it ’s the basis of so much enema quackery , as is the belief that the liver needs “ help ” dealing with these unnamed “ toxins ” through purging and enemas .
Indeed , this obsession with “ toxins ” and poo caking the inside of the colon is nothing more than the alt - med version of the religious belief that one is “ unclean ” and desperately needs “ purification ” in order to achieve righteousness but all the enemas in the world wo n’t purify believers in this woo .
They always think they are “ toxic . ”
Next up is Matthew Stein , who wrote a post entitled When a Superbug Strikes Close to Home , How Will You Deal With it ?
( also published in a patently unreadable form on Stein ’s own website ) .
After a whole lot of fear - mongering over “ superbugs ” and swine flu , Stein presents his answer :
The good news is that there are many alternative medicines , herbs , and treatments that can be quite effective in the fight against a wide variety of viruses and antibiotic - resistant bacteria , to which mainstream high - tech Western medicine has little or nothing to offer .
The bad news is that 99 percent of the doctors in our hospitals are not trained in these alternatives , and do n’t have a clue about what to do when their pharmaceutical high - tech medicines fail to heal .
If you wait until a pandemic starts , you will have only a slim chance for locating an available health practitioner familiar with alternative herbs , medicines , and methods .
In the words of Robert Saum , PhD , the typical attitude amongst most of his medical colleagues in this country is , “ If I did n’t learn it in medical school , it ca n’t be true . ”
That ’s right , according to Matthew Stein , there are all of those “ natural cures ‘ they ’ do n’t want you to know about ” for all those nasty , horrible , resistant bacteria .
And , of course , those nasty , close - minded “ allopathic ” physicians are too clueless or prejudiced against them to learn about them or offer them to you .
Even better , they will heal when the products of big pharma fail .
So says Stein , who even claims that homeopathy could be an answer , citing an article Could Homeopathy Prevent a Pandemic ? :
Do we have alternatives ?
During Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 , which killed up to 50 million people worldwide , homeopathic physicians in the U.S. reported very low mortality rates among their patients , while flu patients treated by conventional physicians faced mortality rates of around 30 percent .
W.A. Dewey , MD , gathered data from homeopathic physicians treating flu patients around the country in 1918 and published his findings in the Journal of the American Institute of Homeopathy in 1920 .
Homeopathic physicians in Philadelphia , for example , reported a mortality rate of just over one percent for the more than 26,000 flu patients they treated during the pandemic .
Today , a number of homeopathic remedies for the flu are available , including oscillo , or oscillococcinum , which has been shown to shorten the duration of symptoms when taken within 48 hours of onset .
Homeopaths have been given this remedy since 1925 .
Interestingly , it ’s made from the heart and liver of ducks , which carry flu viruses in their digestive tracts .
“ Based on clinical studies , homeopathy produces some of the fastest results in relieving flu symptoms , ” says Dana Ullman , MPH , the author of nine books on homeopathic medicine .
Anyone who ’s been a regular here for a while probably remembers Dana Ullman , the homeopath who seems to have a lot of time on his hands to Google himself for new mentions on blogs and then infest blogs that criticize him and homeopathy .
I have little doubt that he will show up here .
If you want the best deconstruction of Ullman ’s nonsense , check out the new Internet law that my coblogger Kimball Atwood laid down about him :
In any discussion involving science or medicine , being Dana Ullman loses you the argument immediately … and gets you laughed out of the room .
How true .
Moreover , Stein ’s falling for the same old claims by homeopaths that somehow patients treated with homeopathy only suffered a 1 % mortality compared to conventional physicians , whose patients supposedly suffered a 30 % mortality .
As co-blogger David Kroll pointed out a couple of years back , these are the same sorts of nonsense claims that were trotted out during the avian flu scare .
Of course there ’s a big problem here .
No doubt homeopaths reported low mortality , but was there any objective evidence that they actually observed such low mortality in their patients ?
What about selection bias , where the less severely ill patients chose real medicine instead of homeopathy ?
How do we know that patients who got sicker under the homeopaths ’ care did n’t go to real physicians or die without being followed up ?
Do we know that the homeopaths ’ patients were comparable to the patients treated by “ conventional ” medicine ?
We do n’t .
Finally , if the peer review of the Journal of the American Institute of Homeopathy is anything like the peer review of homeopathy journals in 2009 , I do n’t have high hopes that Dewey ’s article was subjected to anything resembling rigorous peer review .
That has n’t stopped it from being trotted out in the intervening 90 years since the Spanish flu pandemic by homeopaths every time a flu pandemic or flu scare comes up .
Truly , it is a zombie study that just wo n’t die , and a HuffPo blogger is promoting it .
But that ’s not all Stein is promoting .
He ’s also promoting something called the Beck protocol , which consists of :
Blood electrification Colloidal silver Magnetic pulsing Ozonated water
The Beck protocol could take up an entire post on its own , and perhaps someday I will write one .
In fact , each of the four elements of the Beck protocol could be the topic of its very own post , and perhaps I should do a four - parter .
However , in the meantime , regular readers should recognize that each of these four elements is quackery .
But even that level of quackery is n’t enough for Stein .
He finishes with a list of a veritable panoply of herbalism , supplements , and other dubious remedies to “ protect yourself ” against the swine flu .
Most recently , another HuffPo blogger , Lisa Sharkey , opined in a post entitled What Most Doctors Wo n’t Tell You About Preparing for the Swine Flu :
What can I do to keep my family safe ?
How can I boost our immune systems now and what complementary medicines can I begin taking immediately , regardless if I ever come in contact with the dreaded Swine Flu ?
You know what sort of answers are coming , I bet .
That ’s right : Supplements , herbalism , homeopathy , reflexology , tapping , this post is a veritable cornucopia of quackery for swine flu , with Sharkey touting it all as “ immune - boosting . ”
She even prefaced her post with the typical “ dodge the FDA ” disclaimer :
Author ’s note :
This swine flu story on alternative and complementary medicine is not meant to replace anything you hear from you doctor , the WHO or the CDC , but is meant to show you some natural ways to enhance your overall wellness in addition to any medication you may need either to prevent or treat the flu .
Very appropriate , I would say .
Too bad the rest of HuffPo ’s health bloggers do n’t add the same disclaimer to their posts .
WHY IS HEALTH PSEUDOSCIENCE SO INGRAINED AT THE HUFFINGTON POST ?
Seeing the pervasiveness of anti-vaccine views , New Age mysticism and pseudoscience à la Deepak Chopra , and , most recently , outright quackery at HuffPo , one is left to ask :
Why ?
Why is health pseudoscience and even outright quackery so pervasive at HuffPo ?
Why is it that ( as I have been told ) so many commenters who try to counter this nonsense find that their comments are “ moderated ” ( a.k.a. censored ) , as I myself have experienced when trying to counter anti-vaccine posts I ’ve seen on HuffPo .
Why is it that a woman who so profusely praised President Barack Obama in an editorial about his first 100 days for reversing the Bush Administration stand on embryonic stem cell research , runs such a site so full of quackery ?
Huffington in particular praised Obama ’s statement that it is “ about ensuring that scientific data is never distorted or concealed to serve a political agenda , and that we make scientific decisions based on facts , not ideology . ” I agree .
It ’s a fine sentiment , long overdue after the Bush administration .
Too bad Arianna Huffington does n’t apply President Obama ’s sentiment to her own blog and kick out the quacks and pseudoscientists .
But then the question is , once again , why ?
Why does n’t Huffington kick out the quacks ?
Part of the answer , at least , is suggested in an article in The New Yorker that appeared about her last fall entitled The Oracle : The Many Lives of Arianna Huffington , in particular these excerpts :
During a student - group fair , Huffington toured the chambers of the university ’s debating society .
Since girlhood , she had possessed a spiritual impulse , studying Hinduism and fasting on the name day of the Virgin Mary .
Huffington ’s business and spiritual pursuits merge in her interest in human - potential movements , the sorts of popular groundswell that , as she once wrote , will provide us , in “ a new age that is being born , ” with “ an opening for great possibilities of new being , for a breakthrough in our evolution . ”
Over the years , Huffington has been touchier about her relationship with John - Roger , the baby - faced spiritual leader of M.S.I.A. , who was born Roger Delano Hinkins in Rains , Utah , in 1934 , and , in 1963 , rechristened himself upon his emergence from a nine - day coma induced by kidney - stone surgery .
In an investigation published in the Los Angeles Times in 1988 , the reporters Bob Sipchen and David Johnston linked John - Roger — whose students believe that he has unique access to a power called Mystical Traveler Consciousness — to financial and sexual improprieties .
( John - Roger stated , through a spokesman , that the allegations “ remain as untrue today as when they were first published . ” )
His views on the body are certainly unusual :
In “ Sex , Spirit & You , ” he writes , “ When a woman has a history of blocking her creative flow and shutting off this area of expression by pushing the energy back down into the creative center , she may develop many problems related to her menstrual flow . ”
The couple eventually embarked on a period of metaphysical inquiry that alienated some of their friends and colleagues as much as it entertained the press .
Christopher Hitchens wrote , “ Let the record show that in October 1979 . . .
Bernard Levin achieved the total state of self - absorption towards which he had been moving for so long .
The venue was the Café Royal : amid incense and vaguely Oriental music , flanked by his companion , Levin rose and told a large invited audience how they could be ‘ changed , ’ by investing £ 150 in a 50 - hour ‘ Insight training . ’ ” ( Insight was founded by the spiritual leader John - Roger , with whom Huffington has remained affiliated .
Huffington denies that incense and Oriental music played a role in the event . )
When Levin died , in 2004 , his obituary in the Times noted that Huffington ’s “ interest in mystic cults . . . was to lead him into one of the more embarrassing episodes of his journalism — his hyperbolic praise through a number of columns of the self - promoting guru , Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . ”
Christopher Hitchens , even when I do n’t agree with him ( which is fairly frequently on political topics ) , always has a way with words .
And , most impressively , there is this descriptoin of Arianna Huffington :
Through all her incarnations , Huffington ’s interest in mass movements , human potential , and the improvability of man has been as consistent as her suspicion of pharmacology , utilitarianism , and Skinner boxes .
Her own life may be her greatest project .
In five decades of self - improvement , she has tried fire - walking , list - making , journal - keeping , mercury detoxification , homeopathy , chiropractic , infrared saunas , microdermabrasion , est , and — she writes in her 2006 book , “ On Becoming Fearless ” — “ the Beverly Hills diet , the all - brown - rice diet , the grapefruit diet , the cabbage soup diet , the no carbs , no fat , indeed no calories diet . ”
Her daily regimen includes yoga , meditation , and prayer .
In other words , in this article , at least , Arianna Huffington comes across as a credulous New Age believer , flitting from one woo to the next , one quackery to the next , with no apparent understanding of why they are woo and quackery .
Anyone who can embrace homeopathy uncritically is not someone who runs her life from a science - based perspective , all of her praise of President Obama ’s sentiments about science and all of her claims not to be a relativist described in the New Yorker article notwithstanding .
It is thus not surprising that her political blog would reflect this .
However , until recently HuffPo ’s bad medical science was primarily limited to its support of anti-vaccine bloggers such as David Kirby , Kim Stagliano , Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , and , most recently , Jim Carrey .
Recently , however , HuffPo ’s promotion of pseudoscience has accelerated .
WHAT TO DO ?
In the wake of the recent surge in quackery promotion on HuffPo , there has been a debate in the blogsophere over what , if anything , can be done .
My co-blogger Peter Lipson has described the promotion of quackery on HuffPo as a “ dangerous assault on medicine ” and suggested a “ Vendetta ! ” of sorts , in reality a letter - writing campaign in which writers are urged to present “ specific examples of their malfeasance , and asking them to consider altering their editorial policy on health issues , for the sake of morality , health , and humanity . ”
Although I understand the sentiment , sadly , I do n’t think that it will do that much good , unless it somehow impacts HuffPo ’s bottom line in terms of the page views that determine advertising rates .
The antivaccine nonsense , for example , has been very deeply ingrained in HuffPo blogging culture from the very beginning .
I highly doubt , for instance , that Arianna would ever kick Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. off of HuffPo or allow any of her editors to do so .
He ’s just too high profile a liberal voice .
Similarly , given how the influx of outright quackery has coincided with the tenure of the new “ wellness editor , ” I highly doubt that , short of removing her , any level of complaints will dislodge the quacks .
I ’d love to be wrong , but I fear I ’m not , which is why I do n’t think it ’s a bad idea at least to try to deluge the editors with complaints about the recent spike in quackery blogging on HuffPo , the most irresponsible and utterly opportunistic of which are the claims by various charlatans that homeopathy or “ detox ” regimens can somehow protect you from the swine flu or that “ cancer is a fungus ” and sodium bicarbonate can cure it .
Janet Stemwedel , who blogs at Adventures in Ethics and Science , echoes a question I ’ve been asking myself for a while now , namely whether to engage with The Huffington Post :
Should scientists and physicians try to do something about this ?
Sure , blogular dissections of problematic HuffPo posts count as responses , and I know a great deal of work goes into countering flaky reasoning with logic while preventing one ’s own head from exploding .
But it ’s not clear how many of the responses to HuffPo posts arguing that enemas and prayers will be sufficient to protect us from swine flu are getting to the large HuffPo audience .
Hypothetically , if HuffPo invited a scientist or physician to write an article , would it be a good idea or a bad idea to accept the offer ?
Would it help the HuffPo readers ?
Would it hurt the scientist or physician ?
I do n’t know the answer to that one .
On the one hand , any respectable physician or medical scientists who blogs about health on HuffPo runs the risk of taint by association , along with a deluge of HuffPo CAM aficianados shouting “ pharma shill ” in the comments .
Moreover , such a person risks being coopted by HuffPo ’s editors as “ evidence ” that HuffPo does provide an outlet for science - based blogging about health .
On the other hand , HuffPo has a very large readership , far larger than even the most popular of science bloggers .
Granted , it ’s the front page political blogs that drive most of the traffic , and it ’s unclear how much traffic that the many dozens , if not hundreds , of other blogs on HuffPo actually garner .
Still , there ’s no doubt that , if it continues on its current path , HuffPo may someday rival Whale .
to , Mercola.com , and NaturalNews.com .
Should medical scientists try to stop that by “ joining up , ” so to speak ?
And what would be the price ?
More importantly , would joining up be more effective in muting the cheerleading for quackery on HuffPo than remaining outside and ruthlessly criticizing and mocking examples of it ?
Should we try to “ fight from the inside ” or “ attack from the rear ” ?
Again , I do n’t know the answer to this question .
However , this question is somewhat more than hypothetical , which is why I need to contemplate it further .
In either case , something needs to be done to counter HuffPo ’s war on medical science .
